Bridgwater has a radical tradition.
One of our most famous sons is Admiral Robert Blake, regarded by many as the father of the Royal Navy.
He represented  both Bridgwater and Taunton in this House in the 17th century and fought on the side of Parliament in the civil war.
Another of my radical predecessors is Vernon Bartlett, who won the seat in the 1938 by-election in what at the time was a remarkable defeat of the Conservative Government.
He stood as an independent progressive, endorsed by both the Labour and Liberal parties, opposed to the Munich agreement.
In this country, we often credit Winston Churchill for his opposition to the policy of appeasement of Nazi Germany, but it is less remembered that the Labour party under Attlee, Bevin and Dalton was the strongest opponent of that disastrous policy.
I am sure that all Members, but especially Labour Members, will be mindful of their party’s proud history of opposing appeasement as this Government decide how to support Ukraine and how best to deter future Russian aggression in Europe.
I pay tribute to my predecessors from the two former constituencies that make up the new seat of Bridgwater.
James Heappey is the former Member for Wells.
He stood down at the last election, and he is well liked and respected in Burnham and Highbridge.
He served with distinction at the Ministry of Defence.
He was also a kind and helpful colleague when I was selected as a candidate, and I thank him for his service.
Ian Liddell-Grainger represented Bridgwater and West Somerset for 23 years and is remembered for the support he gave our rural communities following the terrible flooding in Somerset during the winter of 2013-14.
Ian visited the affected areas every week and persuaded David Cameron to visit Somerset to witness the devastation for himself.
It has not been forgotten that the former Prime Minister turned up without wellington boots.
Ian led the campaign for a barrage over the River Parrett, which is now in the early stages of construction.
I will continue his work to ensure we dredge our rivers and maintain our defences, so that we minimise the threat of flooding.
I also want to mention Tom King, now Lord King, who represented Bridgwater for 31 years, until 2001.
It is a mark of the respect and affection in which he is held that his name was mentioned so many times on the doorstep during my campaign.
Tom also wrote a helpful endorsement saying why people should vote for me, which only goes to show how wise he is.
Bridgwater is an industrial town.
It has many small businesses, and I will do all I can to support them.
We need to encourage entrepreneurial spirit, because that is how we create prosperity for all our citizens.
We welcome thousands of tourists every year to enjoy our beautiful Somerset coastline.
I want to encourage those tourists to spend longer in Somerset, to visit more of our beautiful countryside and to consume more of the excellent produce from our farmers and growers.
Bridgwater is also the home of the Guy Fawkes carnival, the UK’s oldest carnival, and one of the largest illuminated carnival processions in Europe.
Hundreds of volunteers work tirelessly to create this fantastic spectacle and to raise thousands of pounds for charity.
Much has been achieved for Bridgwater and for Somerset over the past 14 years.
Hinkley Point C is being constructed and will provide secure and low-carbon energy to the whole region for generations.
The electricity it produces will power Gravity, the smart campus where Agratas will build one of Europe’s largest gigafactories.
These two projects will provide jobs and opportunities  for years to come.
The town of Bridgwater was awarded £23 million under the previous Government’s town deal initiative.