It is truly an honour to rise as the new Member for Fylde to give my maiden speech in this historic House, the global seat of democracy for centuries before us.
I have chosen to make my maiden speech today because, having served as Lancashire’s police and crime commissioner until May this year, it felt incredibly poignant to speak in the home affairs debate.
It gives me the opportunity to thank the police officers and staff I worked with for their bravery, their sacrifice and their service.
During my term of office, I was truly inspired by so many people at Lancashire Constabulary.
I threw myself into a job I loved, spending as much time on the frontline as I could.
I learned the most about policing when there were no cameras around, sat in the back of carriers on the way to drug raids, walking the beat on a cold, wet evening, or taking part in training side by side with officers.
They seemed to make the most of the commissioner being there with them, not sparing me the newbie treatment just because of who I was.
I have been set on fire twice, had drainpipes sawn off my arms and, despite doing all the videos people would expect from a politician, the most-watched video from my whole term of office was the one in which I got bitten by three different police dogs.
With hindsight, given that the public appeared to enjoy the video of me getting bitten by dogs more than the ones about my budget, I suppose I should have seen my election defeat coming in that particular election.
In all sincerity, though, I place firmly and proudly on the record my gratitude to everyone I have worked with at Lancashire Constabulary and in the office of commissioner.
As this House debates the future policy and funding of policing in the UK, we should never forget those at the heart of it, on the frontline, working and making sacrifices to keep us safe every day.
I am able to give this maiden speech today only because the people of Fylde have given me the honour of serving as their Member of Parliament, and it truly is  an honour.
Being elected to represent an area where my family connections go back before I was even born, that we as a family love, and where my two-year-old son Walter will grow up and call home, is an incredibly special and humbling moment.
Fylde is a proud and beautiful area, steeped in the history of Lancashire and our country, nestled on stunning coastline with many towns and villages across the countryside, each with their own history.
Might I add that it is also an area that we intend to fight to keep green and beautiful for generations to come?
Fylde is far more than coastline, countryside and being part of our county’s history.
Some of the most advanced technology in the world is being developed and built here.
In fact, often when out near Warton and Freckleton we can hear the jet fighters taking off from the site where they are constructed.
While I was out on the election battlefield, campaigning every day, it felt strangely reassuring to hear the incredible noise as the fighter jets powered overhead—to be honest, I needed all the back-up I could get in the battle to keep Fylde blue this time.
From the defence sector to farming and agriculture, tourism and hospitality, the care sector and others, there is a strong local economy.
However, to build on that, to create more opportunities for young people and to better connect our businesses and those seeking opportunities across Lancashire and beyond, we need to improve infrastructure and public transport.
I am grateful to the work that my predecessor as the Member for Fylde did to secure millions in extra funding.