As we are on the topic of health, at this juncture I would like to pay tribute to my predecessor Jon Ashworth, a shadow Health Secretary for more than five years before latterly taking on the shadow Paymaster role.
He had the honour before me of representing the wonderful Leicester South constituency.
In his maiden speech in 2011, he said it perfectly:
“I am privileged to represent a constituency of huge diversity, vibrancy and tolerance, and while we must never be complacent, our communities generally live harmoniously together.
We are part of a city renowned across the world for welcoming incomers.
Families have come from across the globe to make their home in Leicester South…Our diversity”—
ethnicity—
“enriches our cultural, social and civic life, and contributes immensely to our economy, too.
”—[Official Report,  8 June 2011 ; Vol.
529, c. 200-201.]
He represented Leicester South with distinction for 13 years and I hope I can live up to the reputation he earned as a dedicated champion for our city.
Talking of champions, Leicester is the city of champions —another miracle.
I am from the city that defied all the odds in the 2015-16 season when Leicester City became premier league champions, proving again that miracles can happen.
I have been a diehard fan ever since I was a child, when one of our favourite sons, Gary Lineker, was still on the bench.
We have the Tigers for our rugby force and the Foxes for the cricket, whilst the Riders are usually top of the court in basketball, and in Mark Selby we have a snooker world champion.
But on a serious note,  we must invest in sports facilities, not only to continue this rich tradition but to give our youth opportunities to improve their physical and mental wellbeing and occupy their time in positive pursuits.
Too many of my young constituents told me they have nothing to do, and we must give them that opportunity.
Young people also bear the brunt of the housing crisis, and in Leicester we face overcrowding and waiting lists of over six years—worse than some London boroughs.
We urgently need more affordable homes.
Leicester—another miracle—is where we found the remains of the last Plantagenet king.
The bones of Richard III had been lying undisturbed for over 500 years until they were discovered under a car park in 2012.
Please do come and visit him at our beautiful cathedral.
We are a friendly bunch, regardless of what you may have read and heard about us.
To quote Shakespeare,
“My heart is ten times lighter than my looks.”
My city is a united city.
We celebrate all religious festivals—Christmas, Diwali, Vaisakhi, even the Caribbean carnival—with equal vigour, and have lived in harmony for over half a century.
However, in recent years fractures have appeared, sown by those who wish to divide us, often by weaponising language.
I understand that our isle has finite resources, but we must always have infinite empathy, infinite sympathy and an infinite vocabulary to build bridges, not to destroy them.
In the words of the great Muslim Sufi poet Rumi, “We must raise our words, not our voices.
It is rain that brings forth flowers, not thunder.”
During my campaign, I was humbled: I thought I knew my city, but I really did not.
Within my city there was an underbelly, a shadow, a city within a city.
While I used to speak about people who had a conflict between eating and heating, during my campaign I met them.
Food banks at 11 o’clock on a Tuesday morning had over 80 people queuing, and I was told that was one of the quietest days they had ever had.
We must tackle the cost of living crisis and reduce the wealth inequality in our country.
It is not ethical or sustainable for any civilised nation to go on that way.