Yet physical activity can help to prevent and manage over 20 chronic diseases and conditions, including some cancers, heart disease, type 2 diabetes and depression.
Overall, it is recognised that £1 spent on physical activity generates £4 of benefits in return.
In short, investing in physical activity is a no-brainer.
It has been heartening to see the importance of prevention recognised so clearly in our manifesto, in this debate and, indeed, at Question Time this morning.
Sport and physical activity can change lives, and they can save lives.
Active lives start young, yet around 50% of under-18s do not get enough exercise.
How often do we hear kids telling us that “there is nothing to do around here”?
I believe that every child should feel they have full and inclusive access to the countryside and to recreational facilities that give them the opportunity to live active lives, escape constraints and explore their potential.
I believe this mission underpins many others, and I look forward to speaking again on this subject in the years to come.
The hills of Rossendale matter to me in other ways.
On the moors close to home we scattered the ashes of our daughter, Mallorie.
She had been born in Burnley hospital with Edward’s syndrome, a condition we were told is not compatible with life.
Her time with us was short but her impact on our lives was great.
The support we had from Burnley hospital and local baby loss charity Friends of Serenity was vital.
While Edward’s syndrome is rare, it is far from being the only cause of baby loss.
Every day, an average of 13 families suffer the pain of baby loss—that is around 5,000 families a year.
Some reports suggest that up to one in five of those family tragedies are avoidable.
There is a growing movement around baby loss awareness.
Indeed, in October we have Baby Loss Awareness Week.
I hope to use my time in this House to support the ongoing drive for greater care and support for the families affected by baby loss and for continued improvement in its prevention.
It is customary to pay tribute to the speaker before me for his first contribution to this House, but, let us face it, that was quite a polished contribution that he has had 21 years to prepare—so thank you to him.
This is my maiden speech as the first woman to represent Darlington from the Government Benches.
I wish to pay tribute to Baroness Chapman, the first female MP for Darlington, for paving the way.
She smashed that glass ceiling and now I have the privilege of serving our town in a Labour Government.
Representation matters, and I will use my platform to highlight the issues facing women in the town—issues such as low-paid work, additional care responsibilities, the childcare crisis, menopause discrimination, maternity services and poor paternity rights.
I will also be a champion for women’s health and support services.
I wish to pay tribute to the work of our police and crime commissioner, my friend Joy Allen and her team, on ending violence against women and girls in the town and to Harbour and Family Help, which do exceptional work in very difficult times.
I am proud that this Labour Government will bring forward strong legislation to tackle this important issue.
I would like to pay tribute to my predecessor Peter Gibson, first for his respect throughout the general election campaign and secondly for his work ethic.
Trust in politicians across both sides of this House is at  an all-time low, and Mr Gibson worked tirelessly to communicate positively to everyone in Darlington about the work that he was doing.
People thanked him for it, and I will emulate it.
I genuinely wish him well.
I am a product of my constituency and proud of it.