When people become physically and mentally ill, potential is lost, and before you know it, your country does not have a national health service; it has an overwhelmed national sickness service.
I am so proud and privileged to be part of the Labour intake of 2024.
For too long now, our politics has been making people sick.
This is the start of a journey that I very much hope will lead to a politics that helps to keep people well for many generations to come.
Reducing inequality and inequity will allow everyone to do better.
The politics of health is the narrative of our nation.
A Government who focus on the health and wellbeing of the people we serve are a Government who enable us to rise together to face the challenges of both today and tomorrow.
I am grateful for this opportunity to make my maiden speech in this important debate.
I am in awe of the maiden speeches and all the other speeches that have been made today and on previous days.
The standard and quality of both this intake and longer-serving Members is inspiring.
I am filled with excitement, pride and belief in what we can achieve in the years to come.
It is a truly exciting time.
I am honoured and privileged to speak as the Member for Rossendale and Darwen, my home.
I am very aware that this could happen only because of a huge amount of hard work by friends and Labour colleagues across the constituency, and of course because of the decision made by so many of my fellow residents to put their trust in me and a changed Labour party.
I offer my heartfelt thanks to everyone who put me in this place.
I will do my very best not to let them down.
My constituency and home is a special place.
Indeed, I was tempted to say that it represents the very best of Lancashire but, wary of controversy, I will simply say that it is a wonderful part of a wonderful county.
It is a post-industrial place of moors, hills and valleys that frame the communities of Darwen, Whitworth, Bacup, Crawshawbooth, Stacksteads, Weir, Waterfoot, Rawtenstall, Edenfield, Helmshore and the west Pennine villages—I will have missed one out, so I am sure I will be shot as soon as I get home.
In representing my home, I succeed Sir Jake Berry, who served our constituency for 14 years.
I pay tribute to him for his service and, in particular, his work campaigning on provision for children with special educational needs.
Rossendale and Darwen is very much a swing seat.
Prior to 2010, we had been splendidly represented by Janet Anderson.
I was pleased and proud to call Janet a friend.
We sadly lost her last year, but I will always remember her as a true role model of a constituency MP.
She was always available, always responsive, always engaged and always willing to roll up her sleeves and get stuck in.
What more can I say about Rossendale and Darwen?
I will spare Members a full geography lesson and go for some fun-ish facts.
First, the constituency is a quirk of boundary commission methodology that will forever remain a mystery to us.
There is little historical or  physical connection between Rossendale and Darwen.
Indeed, drivers have to leave the constituency to travel between the two halves.
Rossendale was once known as the “golden valley” and lay at the very heart of the industrial revolution.
Indeed, a book on that time by local author Chris Aspin is subtitled “When Rossendale led the world.”
We are also referred to as the “valley of stone,” and the flagstones in Trafalgar Square come from a Rossendale quarry.
Crown, in Darwen, is Britain’s oldest paint maker.
In 1931, Mahatma Gandhi came to meet mill workers in Darwen, seeking to understand the hardships they were facing—on reflection, that in itself is quite remarkable.