It would also be remiss of me not to congratulate Stenhousemuir football club—the Warriors—on their league championship win last season.
I am very much looking forward to the Alloa and Grangemouth constituency derby between Alloa Athletic and Stenhousemuir FC in league one next year.
On the subject of sport, before coming to this place I was a golf professional.
It might not seem it at first, but being a golf professional has transferable skills for being an MP.
The building of relationships, the creation of rapport, serving people and trying to improve things for them are skills that will stand me in good stead in this place—also, working in golf for 23 years has got me used to dealing with Tories.
Working in golf was fantastic: it took me to places that I would never have been and allowed me to speak with people I would never have met.
We truly are richer when we encounter people from other parts of the world and learn about their culture and customs.
That applies not just when we go to different places; it also benefits us here in Britain when we welcome people into our communities.
Our communities need action that improves people’s lives and gives them not just hope but the route out of struggle.
Rest assured, I will work with local businesses, charities and third-sector organisations in my constituency, and with UK Government colleagues and counterparts  from the Scottish Government, to deliver the change that people need.
I know that my voice carries the necessary weight to bring about that change—not because of who I am, but because of the position I hold.
The people of Alloa and Grangemouth have given me the responsibility to use my voice, and I intend to do so for the benefit of everyone from every community across the constituency that I am so proud to represent.
It is my honour to stand in this Chamber as the Member of Parliament for the beautiful town of Cheltenham, and it is a pleasure to follow  the hon.
Member for Alloa and Grangemouth (Brian Leishman) .
I heartily commend what he said about Alan Hansen, who I watched on television on many occasions as a young football fan.
Since last summer, when my wife returned to work after maternity leave, I have been enjoying the unusual combined roles of wannabe Member of Parliament and stay-at-home dad.
They tell me it is a job requiring endless patience, a great deal of tolerance, the ability to understand almost inhuman forms of communication and boundless enthusiasm for clearing up a never-ending supply of mess—and I hear a toddler can be tough, too.
I want to start by giving thanks to some of the people and groups that have made the past year so joyful for me: Baby Bounce and Rhyme at Cheltenham library, and in particular Heather, who leads the singing; Andrea and Mary at Highbury church playgroup; and Sophie at Little Notes.
My experiences over the past year have reinforced my views about the challenges I already knew so many parents face, and I have met many new parents in the corridors over the past couple of weeks.
I will always speak up in this place for children, including my own offspring—so, Elodie, if you are at home watching me droning on, please tell Granny to put “The Wiggles” on instead.
I offer my sincere thanks to the former Justice Secretary, Alex Chalk, the first Member of Parliament for Cheltenham to serve in Cabinet.
Conservative Members should note his wise words on the prison population: that we should follow the evidence, not the dogma.
But such praise for my predecessor is perhaps best communicated through the words of one member of House staff, who upon being introduced to me as Alex’s replacement, responded with a line that really hit home and will last with me forever: “Oh, that’s a shame.
He was nice.”