Conservative Members should note his wise words on the prison population: that we should follow the evidence, not the dogma.
But such praise for my predecessor is perhaps best communicated through the words of one member of House staff, who upon being introduced to me as Alex’s replacement, responded with a line that really hit home and will last with me forever: “Oh, that’s a shame.
He was nice.”
Luckily, I am not easily offended, and I will try to be nice too.
I also thank two of my political mentors, Martin Horwood and Nigel Jones.
Both are past MPs for Cheltenham who made an indelible impact on me and on our town.
My predecessors knew what I know: that Cheltenham is full of big-hearted people whose community spirit and love of hospitality, the arts and culture make it a special place to be.
We have so many festivals, including literature, horse racing, poetry, music, jazz, food, cricket and science—I could go on—that we are known as the festival town.
We live in a food and drink paradise: we have excellent pubs, bars, cafes and restaurants, as well as the DEYA brewery and Dunkertons cider.
We are the home of Holst, of Superdry and of the polar explorer  Edward Wilson, but there is more.
Local historians record that Cheltenham was the site of the first parachute descent.
In 1838, John Hampton jumped out of a hot air balloon 9,000 feet above the town and glided to earth under an umbrella-like contraption.
At this point, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston and Surbiton (Ed Davey)  might be getting too excited, so I will leave it there.
Cheltenham’s rich cultural tapestry is interwoven with generously proportioned parks and gardens, and is surrounded by beautiful Regency architecture and rolling hills.
It truly is a feast for all the senses, and our schools are first-rate, too.
Education is at the heart of our town’s values—it is on the town crest.
I am so proud to have been elected for the town I love at the second attempt.
That second-time success follows a trend in my relationship with Cheltenham.
First impressions are clearly not my thing, and they could have led to a very different path in my life.
In fact, my first job interview in Cheltenham—many years ago, when I had a full head of hair—was so bad that not only was I not offered the job, but when the boss called back weeks later, having apparently been turned down by all the other candidates, the starting salary had suffered a rapid cut of around 10%.
Members will know that that is a spending power reduction that even the former Member for South West Norfolk would struggle to match in her most strident moments.
I took the job anyway, of course, because you do not turn down the chance to move to Cheltenham.
I am proud to have already kept my first promise as a Member of Parliament.
I have joined the Robins Trust, which supports Cheltenham Town FC.
They remain a division ahead of Forest Green Rovers, despite being relegated last season—with my apologies to  the hon.
Member for Stroud (Dr Opher) .
I have led campaigns already to invest in affordable housing in Cheltenham, to fight climate change and to support food banks, because we have them.
It is a disgrace that a town as wealthy as Cheltenham has more than 700 people using food banks regularly.
We have a unique scheme in Cheltenham where food bank users also get free access to the leisure centre.
I would recommend that all Members try to roll that out in their area.
However, if there is one priority I will pursue relentlessly, it will be undoing the harm caused to our local health services these past few years.
Alongside the word “education”, our town crest also features the world “health”.