He gave up his engineering job to be a Sainsbury’s warehouseman to guarantee cheaper food, and of course he served as a shop steward for USDAW.
I remain proud of both my parents for what they did for me.
I was a free school meal kid—separate queue, of course—and a free school uniform kid, with clothes from the jumble sale and no new, smart, bright white socks for me, but I had no poverty of aspiration, no holding back, no shutting down of my dreams.
That is good parenting, backed by their hard work.
I commuted six hours every day to complete my own studies, taking my newborn baby in a carrycot with me.
That is what learning to aspire results in.
I get the little mes so common in Bassetlaw and elsewhere: they are my people, my responsibility.
Money is often a problem, but poverty of aspiration is much a bigger one to overcome.
You are told that you cannot do that, that this door is not for you, that you stink, that you are thick, that your hopes are only ever dreams and can never be realised; well, this kid never stopped dreaming.
Today’s little mes—the ones who do without the flashy trainers, who play outside but never go inside the big sports stadiums or the posh restaurants and the cafés, who do not fly on aeroplanes or get taken to museums or theatres, who have never seen the King or his palace or Big Ben—in my area, in my constituency of Bassetlaw, are too often expected by this place to celebrate a rapidly changing world by getting to the back of the queue and behaving themselves.
I am not having that.
I drove trucks across the channel—the only woman in the drivers section on the ferries.
Small boats—new problem?
The flight cases I drove were huge, with ventilation and a false bottom.
The border sniffer dogs were an infrequent luxury.
I regularly ran the gauntlet of organised crime and desperate people.
My predecessor had the biggest swing in 2019.
I broke the record again but then quickly lost it to even more historic big swings to Labour.
I know he likes his beer and I applaud his regular support for our local pubs, where he can drown his sorrows every time his beloved Notts County football club fails to deliver.
I do not know whether he is planning on taking up golf, but Bassetlaw is the centre of British golf with seven serious golf courses, Ryder cup hosts and star players, and a magnificent municipal golf course.
We regularly provide more of the Ryder cup team than entire golfing countries and Joe Dean of College Pines golf club showed the potential to reach these heights at the Open this weekend.
From Danny Willett to Matt Fitzpatrick, we continue to grow international golfers—Lee Westwood, our freedom of the borough champion, continues to inspire our young boys and girls.
He learned his trade on the council-run golf course, which is open and affordable to all.
Nobody stopped me dreaming big and that is the Bassetlaw I intend to deliver.
My style of being an MP will be outcomes-based.
If I can do it, then so can you.
Look not only at where you are, but at where you are going.
This kid made it here and I put you all on warning: I will be knocking on the doors that kids in my  area do not go through, and they will be coming with me, and I can assure you that I will channel my inner Michael Caine for those of you who choose to ignore my knock.
The biggest single crime would be to get here, where people like me are not supposed to be, and merely sit here and make up the numbers.
This kid has only just begun and there is no time to waste.
It was inspirational to listen to the story of  the hon.