I am telling Members this because I welcome everyone—on both sides of the House—to come and visit.
When they do, they must try the Black Diamond ice cream; it is already taking off on social media.
I have huge pride in the town’s industrial contribution and I am delighted to be the first Darlington Member to represent Heighington and Coniscliffe, and with them come their beautiful villages and even more railway history.
Mr Deputy Speaker, this is for you to note especially.
I learned something new about my home town this weekend.
Before the establishment of the railways, our clocks were not standardised and Darlington operated a full four minutes behind Westminster, so, as those who know me well will attest, I still like to operate on Darlington time.
As a nod to tradition, I shall be keeping to my town’s original time for the duration of my time on these Benches.
One of the artefacts that caught my eye in the museum, among the railway medals and the framed timetables, was an award from 2019 for the manufacturing giant Cleveland Bridge.
Like so many brilliant companies over recent years, Cleveland Bridge has ceased trading.
What makes this company particularly of note is its vast global contribution.
It built the Sydney harbour bridge and, in fact, the former Health Secretary and Labour Darlington MP, the right hon.
Alan Milburn, referenced it in his maiden speech two decades ago.
I am determined that our manufacturing contribution in Darlington is not consigned to museums and the history books.
We are proud people and we are grafters.
We do not need handouts; we need a Government who allow our brilliance to shine again.
I have already had the excellent engineering firm Cummins to Parliament to discuss making our area a green hydrogen cluster and ensuring that hydrogen is at the heart of our decarbonisation strategy.
I look forward to working with my neighbour, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Stockton North (Chris McDonald) , an expert in green hydrogen and the future of steel, in his new brief.
Over the course of the campaign that led up to my election, the biggest thread from the people of Darlington, from people of every income, background and political persuasion, was that the cost of living is too high and public services are at breaking point.
I firmly believe that this Government must urgently tackle the mental health crisis blighting our town and region.
In my own network, I know seven men who have died by suicide.
Mental health waiting times and services for men, mothers, children and veterans are way behind where they need to be.
I will be relentless in my approach to improving our mental health services for everyone in our town.
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care, who I know shares my passion for equity between mental health and physical health, will not be able to avoid me, just as soon as I can work my way around the Palace labyrinth.
As a woman in politics, I am frequently offered unsolicited advice and told that I need a thick skin, although I firmly believe that those with too thick a skin have been ruling this Chamber for too long, and I am here to represent ordinary people with compassion, because I am one of them.
I am only too aware of the emboldening effect that online platforms give bullies and harassers.
I think we have reached a fork in the road  and I will use my position to stamp out online bullying, not just for those who are victims of it now, but for the next generation, who I believe we have a duty to protect.
This Labour Government are committed to tackling climate change and wealth creation, and that is an opportunity for our region that must be grabbed with both hands.