Barking constituency is a place with a rich history, whether it is industrial heritage, including the former Barking power station opened by King George V, or the UK’s largest council estate built after the first world war as part of the Government’s “homes fit for heroes” scheme.
Now Barking is younger and more diverse than the London and national average.
That is one of the things that make it such a vibrant place in which to live, but it faces challenges.
The unemployment rate in the constituency is worse than in any other London borough, and average earnings are much lower than elsewhere.
Shamefully, 23% of children in Barking are living in poverty.
Economic growth is critical for the whole country, and for my constituents.
Economic growth is what allows Governments to invest so that we can all benefit from public services—schools, our NHS, frontline services run by local authorities, and a welfare system that values dignity for the individual.
Economic growth means additional investment in crucial work delivered by children’s services, tackling youth crime and violence in our communities.
But economic growth does more than just pay for decent public services; it can deliver people good, well-paid jobs that secure a roof over their heads, food on the table and hope for the future.
It is the  only route out of poverty, and indeed it is how my grandparents broke away from the cycle of poverty.
That is why I wholeheartedly welcome the Government’s commitment to economic stability and growth outlined in the King’s speech last week, including plans for a national wealth fund alongside a new deal for working people.
I also support the Government’s commitment to address the housing crisis, especially because it is one of the drivers of poverty.
The average house price in Barking has gone up by 21% over the last five years, and rents have soared.
There are thousands of people in temporary accommodation, and a quarter of my constituents live in the under-regulated private rented sector.
That is why the Government’s plan to bring forward a renters rights Bill to end section 21 no-fault evictions is so important for Barking, as is their commitment to speed up planning and infrastructure to get more homes built.
The King’s Speech was an agenda from a Government who are on the side of my constituents.
It is a plan that gives hope to people in this country who for too long have felt abandoned.
Hope for the future, with deliverable plans to improve lives, is why I entered politics, and, I am sure, why Members on both sides of the House entered politics.
It is why I served as a council leader before coming to this place, and why I decided to run to be Member of Parliament for Barking.
Politics is perhaps the greatest vehicle for change, and it is why this place matters.
Building more homes, giving children a better start in life with free breakfast clubs and more qualified teachers, cutting NHS waiting times, lowering bills with Great British Energy—these things matter, and they will improve the lives of people in my constituency.
They are all possible, and only possible, with economic growth.
So to the good people of Barking I say: I promise to be on your side.
I will represent you faithfully, and I will fight for a better future for Barking so that every person has the opportunity to fulfil their potential—something that is possible only if people feel safe in their communities.
I will always champion public services, and I will stand up for investment so that local people benefit.
I am honoured to speak in the Chamber, and I will repay that honour by working hard for my constituents as the MP for Barking.
Thank you, Mr Deputy Speaker, for calling me to speak in this debate.
It is an honour to follow  the hon.