We are also referred to as the “valley of stone,” and the flagstones in Trafalgar Square come from a Rossendale quarry.
Crown, in Darwen, is Britain’s oldest paint maker.
In 1931, Mahatma Gandhi came to meet mill workers in Darwen, seeking to understand the hardships they were facing—on reflection, that in itself is quite remarkable.
He said, “they treated me as one of their own.
I shall never forget that.”
This sense of inclusion and understanding remains.
We have many wonderful community organisations and, while being reluctant to single anyone out, I must pay tribute to the vital work done in my hometown by the Bacup family centre and Bacup Pride, and across the constituency by our volunteer-led food banks and credit unions, and Keep Darwen Tidy and Civic Pride Rossendale, to which I wish the best of luck in Britain in Bloom judging this week.
Something we are less proud of is that Rossendale is the only local authority area in the north without any sort of commuter railway service, which is a fact that I hope the Secretary of State for Transport, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Sheffield Heeley (Louise Haigh) , does not become too bored of hearing.
I have a few more.
Darwen is home to Darwen Live, the UK’s—and possibly Europe’s—biggest free music festival.
Mr Fitzpatrick’s in Rawtenstall is Britain’s last surviving temperance bar.
Darwen football club was formed in 1870 and was the first club in the world to have professionally paid players.
And Brent Peters, manager of Bacup Borough football club, is said to be the longest-serving manager in world football.
Rossendale and Darwen are distinct places, each with a deep history.
At the same time, they have much in common.
I was in many ways heartened that, during the campaign, one of my most frequent asks was for a better politics.
The people of Rossendale and Darwen are honest and hard-working.
They value integrity, co-operation and community service, and they want to see this in their politicians.
I believe this reflects a feeling across the country, and hence it is a great opportunity and responsibility for us.
With over 300 new MPs, we have a real chance to set a new tone, to work together across the House and to hold to the standards that our residents expect of us.
A less positive thing that Rossendale and Darwen have in common is a concern about the direction in which too many of our schools have been heading.
Too many parents agonise over the choice, or lack of choice, available to them.
It simply must not be the case that a child’s future is determined by an education lottery.
That every school be a good school is an imperative we must hold to, and I am proud to see our new Labour Government committing to removing barriers to opportunity, raising school standards and ensuring that the school system is fair for every child.
Another commonality is our topography—hills, crags, moors and valleys.
I am a climber and cyclist, and these are my playgrounds.
I am fortunate to have enjoyed an active life, which has turned into a career.
It has taken  me to amazing places, and I know that I am healthier, wiser and happier as a result.
In many ways, what these sports have taught me is what has brought me here.
It is a sad fact that, in the UK today, nearly 40% of the population is not active enough for good health.
This contributes to one in six deaths and is estimated to cost the UK economy £7.6 billion annually.
Yet physical activity can help to prevent and manage over 20 chronic diseases and conditions, including some cancers, heart disease, type 2 diabetes and depression.
Overall, it is recognised that £1 spent on physical activity generates £4 of benefits in return.
In short, investing in physical activity is a no-brainer.