I am honoured to speak in the Chamber, and I will repay that honour by working hard for my constituents as the MP for Barking.
Thank you, Mr Deputy Speaker, for calling me to speak in this debate.
It is an honour to follow  the hon.
Member for Rotherham (Sarah Champion)  who spoke on a subject on which we can all agree—safeguarding our women and children.
There have been many excellent contributions today, and it is an honour to follow each and every one of them.
In my short time in this House, it has become abundantly clear to me that the most important person is you, Mr Deputy Speaker, with your desire to keep speeches and contributions short, and that that is the best way for me to curry favour with you.
With that in mind, I shall make my maiden speech.
I arrived in this country as a toddler from the heart of Africa to the heart of the midlands—Leicester.
That city nurtured, schooled and shaped me.
It would be fair to say that, no matter where I am in the world, there is a corner of a foreign field that is forever Leicester.
The vibrancy, the diversity and, occasionally, the complete rawness of the city were the backdrop of my upbringing.
I remember very well as a child those free, small, cold bottles of milk that I used to get at school—I remember very well when it was stolen from me as well.
I remember embarking on my life journey with friends from all different creeds, colours, religions and no religion, and we made a life for ourselves in this amazing country.
I remember also moments of racism.
One that comes to mind was with my late mother.
We were in a park and were set upon by a group of people who hurled abuse and foul things, including language and objects, in our direction.
But those incidents were superseded by kindness, love and understanding from the great people of this country.
As the youngest child by a distance, I was often referred to by my family members as the mistake, but my mother always referred to me as a miracle, and ever since then I began to believe it.
My mother, who did not get the opportunity of a formal education in her lifetime, ensured all her children made the most of what this country had to offer.
It was this mother who, when I suggested when I grew a bit older that I wanted to study history at university, looked at me as if I was about to become history, so, like a dutiful child, I did optometry at university.
And that brings me to here.
I have checked the archives, and it appears I am only the second optometrist to have ever become an MP.
So, I hope I can bring a little of my professional skills to help the House to focus on what matters and not be myopic in our decision making.
With laser-like reflections, I believe we can bring 20/20 vision to matters before us and not make a real spectacle of ourselves.
But the serious point is this: with better usage of optometrists, our GP services and our pharmaceutical colleagues, we can ease the burden on secondary care in our hospitals.
We all need to work joined up and together.
As we are on the topic of health, at this juncture I would like to pay tribute to my predecessor Jon Ashworth, a shadow Health Secretary for more than five years before latterly taking on the shadow Paymaster role.
He had the honour before me of representing the wonderful Leicester South constituency.
In his maiden speech in 2011, he said it perfectly:
“I am privileged to represent a constituency of huge diversity, vibrancy and tolerance, and while we must never be complacent, our communities generally live harmoniously together.