To conclude, Fylde is a place where some of the most advanced fighter jets in the world are built, and it is at the cutting edge of artificial intelligence and other technology, but it is also a place where towns from Lytham to Kirkham, and villages from Staining to Singleton, still crown the young rose queens each year and hold galas and parades, and a place where people take pride in looking after the countryside and preserving our heritage.
I intend to spend my time in this House fighting for Fylde—yes, for the investment in our future, but also the preservation of our history, our coastline and our countryside.
Thank you, Mr Deputy Speaker, for allowing me the opportunity to give my maiden speech.
It is a privilege to follow so many excellent maiden speeches in this important debate.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Bridgwater (Sir Ashley Fox)  on his powerful and witty speech.
I must also congratulate in particular my hon.
Friend  the Member for Alloa and Grangemouth (Brian Leishman)  on his excellent speech, too.
As a former professional golfer, it is fitting that he won his seat on such a huge swing, and his brilliant speech showed us why.
The bar has been set intimidatingly high in this debate.
I feel all the more honoured to be elected by the people of Glenrothes and Mid Fife to be their representative in the House and follow in the footsteps of predecessors who served the constituency with such distinction.
I pay tribute to the outgoing MP, Peter Grant, who served with such commitment and so diligently on behalf of his constituents.
He will rightly be proud in particular of his contribution to the successful campaign for the reintroduction of the Levenmouth rail link both as Fife council leader and as an MP, for his service on the Public Accounts Committee and for campaigning for the rights of victims of financial scandals through his role on the all-party parliamentary group on personal banking and fairer financial services.
I also pay tribute to Peter’s predecessor, Lindsay Roy, who was such a brilliant MP for the constituency.
Today, Lindsay is a tireless advocate for Parkinson’s UK, making the case with passion and eloquence for improved support for people with Parkinson’s and for investment in medical research.
His example should not only give hope to people with Parkinson’s; he is an inspiration to us all.
I am a new Member in this Parliament, but I was privileged to serve in the Scottish Parliament for 12 years.
I have already observed some of the differences between Holyrood and here.
This institution is older and often more complex—as indeed are many of its Members—and there are many procedures and protocols to learn, but while there are differences between the Parliaments, the purpose we have is a common one: to serve our constituents.
We have heard over the past weeks how it is vital to have strong relationships between the UK Government and the devolved Administrations.
That is of course true.
However, I believe that there are still too few opportunities for Members of each of our UK Parliaments to work together on many matters of shared responsibility and interest.
I hope that there can be greater collaboration between all our parliamentarians in the course of the next five years.
On a personal note, may I say that I am proud that my wife Claire Baker continues to serve the people of Mid Scotland and Fife in the Scottish Parliament with such skill and dedication?
I was delighted that Claire and our daughter Catherine could be in the Gallery when I was sworn in.
I have also been greatly privileged to work for disability charities in my time away from elected politics.