That is why I so welcome the measures in this King’s Speech to get Britain building again, building more homes and giving all renters more protections.
This Government have a mission to break down the barriers to opportunity.
That is sorely needed in my constituency, where almost 40% of children are growing up in poverty and over half our young people are leaving school without the essential qualification of a grade 4 in English and maths.
How we treat our children says a lot about us as a society; before joining this House, I had the privilege of seeing that up close in many different countries as an aid worker with Save the Children.
It is always children who suffer the most in war and conflict.
I have sat with young mums in Yemen holding their starving babies, so hungry that they do not have the energy to cry, and have heard harrowing stories from Rohingya women who have fled ethnic cleansing and sexual violence at the hands of the Myanmar military.
I always promised those women that I would share their stories with the world, and my time in this place will be no different.
We are at a time in history when more children are growing up in conflict than ever before.
Rightly, much focus has been devoted recently to the appalling events in Israel and Palestine—there, too, it is children bearing the brunt of war.
We must redouble our efforts to bring about peaceful solutions to all these conflicts, and must remember that all the global issues we face, from climate change to migration, can only be solved by working across borders with our international allies and through strong, multilateral institutions such as the United Nations.
Just as I have been so inspired by the women I have met living in some of the toughest places on Earth, I also wanted to acknowledge some of the women whose  shoulders I stand on closer to home.
Madam Deputy Speaker, I know I speak for many Labour Members when I say how much we miss your sister, the late, great Baroness Margaret McDonagh. [
Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear.”]
She always had such wise counsel to offer us, and that is the reason why many of us sit on these Benches today.
I also thank my family and friends for all the support they have given me in getting me to this place.
This King’s Speech will begin to deliver the change and renewal that Hastings and Rye voted for.
I look forward to working hard for all my constituents across Hastings and Rye and delivering that much-needed change.
It is a privilege to make my maiden speech among such an outstanding group of people.
I hope that people who have seen the maiden speeches over the past few days, and will watch them in the days, weeks and months to come, might see some of the warmth, kindness and decency that I have met in my fellow MPs in these first couple of weeks in Parliament.
I am the newly elected Member for the beautiful constituency of Worthing West.
Nestled between the south downs and the English channel, we are often described as that area just west of our big sister, Brighton.
But, as with all younger sisters, we have many often unsung merits, about which it will be my absolute pleasure to tell the House a little today.
Worthing West is made up of two thirds of Worthing town, the other third now being ably represented by my hon.
Friend  the Member for East Worthing and Shoreham (Tom Rutland) .
In this part of my constituency people can find Worthing town centre, our beautiful old lido building, and the recently returned Worthing wheel.
Before being elected to Parliament, I had the great privilege of being the leader of Worthing council.