That has underpinned  my career’s work, founding and running an organisation supporting vulnerable young people out of crime, out of gangs and into employment.
Our constituents have sent us here to be bold in rebuilding and reimagining our great country’s spirit of having one another’s backs.
As Eastbourne’s MP, I will strive to achieve nothing less.
I am honoured to deliver my maiden speech, and I thank the wonderful people of Barking who have elected me.
If you will indulge me, Mr Deputy Speaker, I would also like to thank my wonderful husband, who has been by my side every step of the way.
This year, 2024, has been quite the year for us.
With a new baby girl, seven months old, and a general election being called, sleep has not been on our side as a household.
But of course it has all been worth it, and I now have the absolute privilege of representing the east London constituency of Barking.
I would like to pay tribute to my predecessor, the right hon.
Dame Margaret Hodge, who served diligently as the Member of Parliament for Barking for three decades.
Dame Margaret has become known not only  for her tenaciousness, but for her warmth.
She held several ministerial posts in the last Labour Government and served as Chair of the Public Accounts Committee.
From taking on and winning against the far right in Barking to campaigning against tax evasion and avoidance, Dame Margaret was always fiercely brave in standing up for what she thought was right, regardless of political party.
As I prepared for my maiden speech, I thought about some of the parallels between Margaret’s family and my own.
Margaret’s family were Jewish, escaping Nazi-occupied Europe, and Margaret herself fled Egypt for the United Kingdom in 1948 in fear of persecution.
My grandparents, Osman and Neriman Tango, are of Turkish Cypriot Muslim background.
They escaped violence in Cyprus, arriving in London on Christmas eve in 1972.
My mum, Alev, was born in Cyprus in 1967 and was cared for in a United Nations tent.
The three of them sought safety in the melting pot that is London’s east end.
They spoke no English, they had no qualifications and no money, but they were safe.
As I stand in this Chamber and address hon.
Members, I cannot help but think of my grandfather, my late grandmother and my mum.
I do not think my grandparents could have envisioned that in one generation their granddaughter would be a Member of the mother of all Parliaments.
It shows what is possible in this country, and I feel so deeply honoured to be here.
I thank my mum, who taught me and my two sisters, Neri and Eda, that we must always try our best, work hard, look after and care for others when they need our help, be grateful for an education, and, when we can, find a way to give back.
Those are my values, and I know that they are the values held by families in my constituency.
Barking and Dagenham is a special community in London and a place that I have come to know and love.
Many of my constituents have a similar story to my family, with heritage from different parts of the world.
There are also communities in my constituency that have lived there for generations, deeply proud of their Barking and Dagenham roots—and so they should be.
Barking constituency is a place with a rich history, whether it is industrial heritage, including the former Barking power station opened by King George V, or the UK’s largest council estate built after the first world war as part of the Government’s “homes fit for heroes” scheme.
Now Barking is younger and more diverse than the London and national average.
That is one of the things that make it such a vibrant place in which to live, but it faces challenges.