Food banks at 11 o’clock on a Tuesday morning had over 80 people queuing, and I was told that was one of the quietest days they had ever had.
We must tackle the cost of living crisis and reduce the wealth inequality in our country.
It is not ethical or sustainable for any civilised nation to go on that way.
One poignant incident from my campaigning was when I knocked at a house and a lady peered through a partially opened door.
I could not see her whole face, but saw enough to see a life of sadness and tragedy.
She explained that she had had a relatively successful life, but something had happened a work—a little bit of bullying—and she went into a depression cycle and never really recovered.
She said to me, “I will vote for you if you can do one of two things.”
What did she ask me?
She said, “If you could just plant me a tree so I can see it, that would make me smile, and if you could get me a fountain so I can see some water trickling, I’ll vote for you forever.”
It is important to remember that it is the simplest things that people want and that make the biggest difference to their lives.
They want someone to speak up for them in these corridors of power, to speak about the injustices in the world, to give a voice to those who do not have one, who have no might, authority or power—whether that is the forgotten in Yemen, the victims of conflict in Sudan, or the victims of the ongoing devastation in Palestine—regardless of where they are in the world.
I will always endeavour to speak truth to power and demand that this new Government take action for the poor and dispossessed, not just the powerful.
Finally, if my campaign ever had a catchphrase, it would be the Chinese proverb that says, “The best time to plant a tree was 25 years ago, in order to enjoy its beauty, its shade and its fruit, but the next best time is today.”
We must plant that seed of unity, equality and justice now to ensure that our future generations can enjoy the fruits of friendship, fairness and peace.
I thank  the hon.
Member for Leicester South (Shockat Adam) ; I am sure many of us will find him a very hard act to follow.
I congratulate all the hon.
Members who have made their opening contributions to this Chamber.
I have listened intently and been impressed by their passionate delivery and the personal content they have shared.
From the outset of my speech, I would like to thank my family for the encouragement and strength they have given me on my journey to this place.
Without their unwavering support, I would not have become a local councillor and then an MP.
It is with gratitude, and with enormous pride at being elected as the first ever Member of Parliament for Alloa and Grangemouth, that I take my turn to address the Chamber.
I also take this opportunity to highlight my respect for all the candidates who were on the ballot paper.
I admire anyone who wants to dedicate themselves to public service, and I pay special tribute to Mr John Nicolson.
Those hon.
Members who were re-elected to this place a few weeks ago will all know that Mr Nicholson’s sartorial elegance was matched by his trademark eloquence in this Chamber and in representing the constituents he served with great distinction.
With the Forth running through Alloa and Grangemouth, many people on both sides of the river felt it was not a natural constituency, but when we look at the communities and towns that make it up, our new constituency makes perfect sense.