The biggest single crime would be to get here, where people like me are not supposed to be, and merely sit here and make up the numbers.
This kid has only just begun and there is no time to waste.
It was inspirational to listen to the story of  the hon.
Member for Bassetlaw (Jo White)  and her determination to never stop dreaming.
It was also inspirational and fantastic to hear maiden speeches from many others.
I was interested to hear the competition among some Members about the length of piers in seaside towns.
I hail from the great town of Eastbourne.
While some hon.
Members might have a longer pier than mine, it is important to remember that what you do with it is what is most important.
On our pier we have cafés, we have bars and we have a former nightclub, at which I once organised parties.
We have got it all going on on Eastbourne pier.
But it is also an inspiration, looking around this House and reading about its Members, to see and be part of the most diverse Parliament ever: more women than ever before; more LGBT people than ever before; and more Joshes than ever before—this House’s population of Joshes went from zero to seven overnight on  4 July .
That is what we call an open-door policy.
If Members struggle to remember which Josh I am, I can make it very simple for them: this Josh represents Eastbourne, officially the sunniest town in the UK.
As an Eastbourne lad born and bred, it is the honour of my life to represent my home town and in particular to fight to protect services at our local hospital where I was born, the Eastbourne district general hospital, as our Member of Parliament.
I am so grateful to the people of Eastbourne for placing their trust in me.
Gorgeous sunrays aside, my town shines brightly in the many other accolades that it holds too.
We are the home of the first roller-skating ice rink in the UK in 1875, the first five-a-side football tournament in 1957, and the birthplace of the Arctic roll in 1958.
Most personally, Eastbourne is the town that made me me.
Home was not always safe when I was growing up, but thanks to a wonderful family who loved me, thanks to Scout leaders at 1st Seaside troop who challenged me, and thanks to teachers at Cavendish school who believed in me, Eastbourne gave me opportunity.
In fact, there is a particular supply teacher I had who I want to pay tribute to right now: Caroline Ansell, who went on to become the Conservative MP for Eastbourne and is my predecessor.
Mrs Ansell and I first met in the religious education classroom—room 116 in Cavendish school—when I was 15 years old.
Perhaps she would have given me a detention or two had she known at that time that one day I would come for her next job at the ballot box some years later.
But seriously, Caroline dedicated herself to Eastbourne, and I put my recognition of her commitment on the record.
I also pay tribute to another predecessor: Stephen Lloyd, my good friend, whose service to our town inspires my own.
He is a complete and utter legend.
There is another predecessor as the Member of Parliament for Eastbourne whose memory this House can, and must,  never forget: Ian Gow, who served from 1974 until he was appallingly assassinated in 1990.
A few years before my time, Ian Gow is remembered and still admired by Eastbournians as an extremely hard-working member of Parliament.
The shield that honours him in this House serves as a reminder of his service, his grave sacrifice and our duty to pursue debate and disagreement with civility, respect and peace.
Turning to the subject of this debate, I want to share a migration story that says a lot about the character of my town.