I am only too aware of the emboldening effect that online platforms give bullies and harassers.
I think we have reached a fork in the road  and I will use my position to stamp out online bullying, not just for those who are victims of it now, but for the next generation, who I believe we have a duty to protect.
This Labour Government are committed to tackling climate change and wealth creation, and that is an opportunity for our region that must be grabbed with both hands.
That is why I have already visited Hitachi with my neighbour and friend  the hon.
Member for Newton Aycliffe and Spennymoor (Alan Strickland) , to put my full support behind efforts to secure the future of skilled and essential jobs at the Newton Aycliffe plant that employs many of my constituents.
The Treasury and many other key Departments have a presence in my constituency, providing skilled graduate jobs, which we welcome and want to build on.
I will be a champion for public money being better spent.
I have made my career improving public procurement contracts, fighting for working people to earn a wage they can live on and have decent terms and conditions.
I will use that experience to ensure that when public money is spent in Darlington, it provides the best possible bang for our buck in impact and outcomes for our town.
I will be a loud voice on this issue and will work with everyone and anyone who believes, like I do, that we can get our regional economy thriving with decent jobs for local people, so that people can work hard and earn enough to save for their future, and have safe, secure housing and spend quality time with their families.
I am very fortunate that the Chancellor will be visiting her second office in Darlington regularly and I am committed to maximising the opportunity that brings to benefit my community.
My constituency and everyone in it has the potential for a bright future, and I will do everything I can to secure it.
While I want to make our country better, my priority is improving the lives of those in my home town, those who raised me, those who have sent me here—the good people of Darlington.
So, in keeping with my railway theme, full steam ahead!
I begin by thanking the people of Bassetlaw for putting me here.
My commitment is to serve all residents to the best of my ability.
I thank  the hon.
Member for Boston and Skegness (Richard Tice)  for his contribution, and I look forward to debating with him in this place.
Today’s debate has a direct link to the ongoing discussions on poverty.
Having seen the last Government shut all three Bassetlaw police stations and both courthouses, I will have much to say on the issue in this Parliament.
Crime and poverty have a clear connection.
I need no lessons on how a lack of money impacts on children growing up—I lived it—but that experience taught me something far more valuable in understanding the impact of poverty and inequality, because what my  family lacked in money, we more than made up for in love and in hopes and dreams.
I was brought up to believe in me and what I could achieve.
My mother got herself out of poverty because of the Open University, and my father made a choice all too familiar today.
He gave up his engineering job to be a Sainsbury’s warehouseman to guarantee cheaper food, and of course he served as a shop steward for USDAW.
I remain proud of both my parents for what they did for me.
I was a free school meal kid—separate queue, of course—and a free school uniform kid, with clothes from the jumble sale and no new, smart, bright white socks for me, but I had no poverty of aspiration, no holding back, no shutting down of my dreams.