Many Members will know our area for a very famous battle that took place in 1066.
Historians may still be arguing about where exactly it took place, but it is safe to say that it has cemented our place in the history books.
Since then, we have continued to play our part in British history—from being immortalised in the novel “The Ragged Trousered Philanthropists” to being the birthplace of television.
Perhaps what defines us most, though, is our community spirit, underpinned by our volunteers and charities, who do so much.
Our calendar is full of carnivals and festivals, from Jack in the Green to bonfire night.
Those events are made possible only by volunteers who give up their time to give back to the community and raise money for our local charities.
Volunteers also maintain and protect so many of our amazing public spaces, from Hastings country park to Rye harbour nature reserve and Camber Sands.
There are also some points of our history that we would rather forget, such as the unveiling of a certain stone tablet in Hastings during the 2015 general election campaign by my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Doncaster North (Ed Miliband) .
That stone may have been consigned to history, but I know that my right hon.
Friend will be back very soon to unveil some new green energy infrastructure, and that it will be longer-lasting than the stone.
Although we have often found ourselves at the centre of historical events, we have not always felt all of the benefits.
Our road and rail infrastructure is stuck in the past: we may be a similar distance from London as Brighton is, but our train line takes twice as long.
We lie   at the end of the A21, a road that has been described as the least developed in the south-east of England.
As any driver will tell you, we have the worst potholes in the country, and our water infrastructure is also failing us: Southern Water has a lot to answer for in my constituency, dumping record levels of sewage along our coastline from St Leonards through Hastings to Fairlight, Pett, Camber Sands and Winchelsea beach.
Some sewage has even come into people’s homes and gardens in my constituency, and when the water pipes have failed, we have faced major flooding in homes and the town centre and been left without a water supply for days on end.
I am pleased to see that the water special measures Bill, which will start to clean up our water industry, is part of this King’s Speech.
The cratered state of our roads and crumbling water infrastructure is symbolic of how we have too often been forgotten by Westminster.
Life expectancy is lower than the national average, a trend that has got worse over the past 14 years.
People wait longer for an ambulance in my constituency than anywhere else in the south-east of England, and the situation is particularly bad in our villages and rural areas such as Winchelsea, where people wait 45 minutes on average when having a stroke or heart attack.
That is why this Government’s plans to cut NHS waiting times cannot come soon enough.
As a seaside destination, our area has benefited hugely from tourism, but we are also at the sharp end of the housing crisis, with spiralling rents and simply not enough homes being built.
Too many of my constituents are left in poor-quality rental accommodation, whether by Southern Housing or private landlords.
That is why I so welcome the measures in this King’s Speech to get Britain building again, building more homes and giving all renters more protections.
This Government have a mission to break down the barriers to opportunity.
That is sorely needed in my constituency, where almost 40% of children are growing up in poverty and over half our young people are leaving school without the essential qualification of a grade 4 in English and maths.