From the defence sector to farming and agriculture, tourism and hospitality, the care sector and others, there is a strong local economy.
However, to build on that, to create more opportunities for young people and to better connect our businesses and those seeking opportunities across Lancashire and beyond, we need to improve infrastructure and public transport.
I am grateful to the work that my predecessor as the Member for Fylde did to secure millions in extra funding.
Working with the Government, local councils and other partners, he was critical in securing the £27 million that enabled the M55 to Heyhouses link road to be constructed, and it has recently been opened.
A few months earlier, the £150 million Windy Harbour to Skippool bypass opened, an important link road for the people across Poulton-le-Fylde.
The boundary review brought this historic market town of Poulton in Wyre to the constituency of Fylde.
I therefore also place on the record my thanks to the former Member for Wyre and Preston North, and former Defence Secretary, the right hon.
Ben Wallace, and not only for the role he played in securing the funding for that major project, but for his unwavering work as Secretary of State for Defence in such critical, unpredictable and dangerous times.
The global leadership he demonstrated in galvanising the international response to Putin’s illegal invasion of Ukraine is a legacy that he should be incredibly proud of.
Going back to Fylde, we need to focus on continuing to improve the existing road network, as well as expanding it.
Equally as importantly, we need to secure investment for the rail network, and I will be campaigning hard for a passing loop on the south Fylde line to improve the regularity and reliability of services.
I would also like to talk about an important personal area of work that I will undertake as a Member of this House.
I would not be here today—I would not have survived the journey to this moment—without the support, encouragement and love of my wife, Caroline.
We have been each other’s strength through good times and difficult ones, and the fact that Caroline has always had the strength to support me in such magnitude when she has had her own battles to fight is testament to the  person she is.
Caroline, like thousands across this country, lives with what is often known as an invisible disability.
It means that she has often concealed just how sick and in pain she is.
She has had to explain why she is in hospital when just weeks earlier she may have been visibly well to everyone, and therefore suffering in silence.
I want to champion the work of Crohn’s & Colitis UK, and other charities and organisations that support and advocate for those with disabilities that are not visible, and to help remove the stigma, indifference and even hostility that they receive, for example when needing to use facilities marked as for disabled people.
The hurt and humiliation that can cause only adds to the incredible difficulty of living with these conditions, and we must do much more to raise awareness.
To conclude, Fylde is a place where some of the most advanced fighter jets in the world are built, and it is at the cutting edge of artificial intelligence and other technology, but it is also a place where towns from Lytham to Kirkham, and villages from Staining to Singleton, still crown the young rose queens each year and hold galas and parades, and a place where people take pride in looking after the countryside and preserving our heritage.
I intend to spend my time in this House fighting for Fylde—yes, for the investment in our future, but also the preservation of our history, our coastline and our countryside.
Thank you, Mr Deputy Speaker, for allowing me the opportunity to give my maiden speech.