My mother was a teacher at Beath High, the school attended by one of our most celebrated novelists Sir Ian Rankin, who grew up in Cardenden in the constituency.
In Sir Ian’s book “Set in Darkness”, Inspector Rebas carries out criminal investigations at the Scottish Parliament.
We can only wonder where he finds inspiration for the plots of his novels, but I am sure we can all agree that Fife can be proud to call one of our finest writers one of our own.
I also know how resilient our communities can be, and how we can look to better days even after the toughest of times.
When I was growing up in Fife, my father was a vicar in Lochgelly during the miners’ strike.
My father-in-law Jim was a proud member of the National Union of Mineworkers.
When I stood for election to this place in 2015, he gave me a miner’s lamp to bring with me to Westminster if I won, to remind me what I was here to do.
I was not elected in 2015, and after that election nearly 10 years ago, many would have thought that the flame of the Labour and trade union movement was fragile and flickering, but today in this Parliament it burns brighter than ever.
Ten years later, the lamp will be with me here in Westminster, and it will remind me why I am here: to deliver the change that our country needs and to show that, through political action, we can deliver the stronger, fairer society that so many people in my constituency gave so much to achieve.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker, for calling me to make my maiden speech during this important debate  on the King’s Speech, which set out the agenda of change that the country voted for and which this Labour Government will deliver.
I congratulate all new Members who have made maiden speeches today.
It is the honour of my life to represent my home of Hastings and Rye.
I know that you are very familiar, Madam Deputy Speaker, with all that we in Hastings and Rye have to offer visitors—especially our famous fish and chips.
In recent years, our fisherman have worked hard to keep our local fishing industry going in the most difficult of circumstances, and they will always have my full support.
Hastings and Rye hosts the world crazy golf championship every year, and we also hold the world record for the biggest gathering of pirates in any one place—a record that we try to beat every year on pirate day.
Although one of my predecessors in representing Rye was himself a real pirate, I am relieved to say that that cannot be said for many of them.
Sally-Ann Hart worked extremely hard for our constituency, and I thank her in particular for her work in support of women and children feeling domestic abuse—a legacy that I hope to build on.
Another thing that we wholeheartedly agree on is speaking out about the unacceptable levels of abuse and intimidation that too many Members of this House have faced, particularly women.
The plaque of the late Jo Cox is facing us, and that of Sir David Amess is behind me.
They are a constant and tragic reminder of where that can end.
I also pay tribute to my Labour predecessor, Michael Foster.
He is well known in our area for helping so many residents and for having been a passionate champion for Hastings and Rye during his time in this House.
Many Members will know our area for a very famous battle that took place in 1066.
Historians may still be arguing about where exactly it took place, but it is safe to say that it has cemented our place in the history books.
Since then, we have continued to play our part in British history—from being immortalised in the novel “The Ragged Trousered Philanthropists” to being the birthplace of television.