A few years before my time, Ian Gow is remembered and still admired by Eastbournians as an extremely hard-working member of Parliament.
The shield that honours him in this House serves as a reminder of his service, his grave sacrifice and our duty to pursue debate and disagreement with civility, respect and peace.
Turning to the subject of this debate, I want to share a migration story that says a lot about the character of my town.
It started on a summer’s day in 1960s Eastbourne, when a sweet, retired lady, Mrs Baker, noticed a curious sight.
She saw another lady, also white, pushing a small black boy in a pram.
Mrs Baker, curious, struck up a conversation with that woman and asked what was going on.
Mrs Baker learned that the boy had been sent to live with that woman by a young Nigerian couple, and she was caring for the boy while the couple studied in London.
Inspired, Mrs Baker said that she would love to do the same.
Coincidentally, the black boy’s mother was pregnant again, and was for a third time a couple of years later.
Babies 2 and 3 were sent to live with the Baker family in Eastbourne.
They were Toki Babarinde and Wale Babarinde, my uncle and my dad, and it was part of a sort of private fostering arrangement that was not uncommon between west African families and white families at that time, although it was not without its complications.
In my dad’s case, and for his brothers too, moving to Eastbourne was a ticket to opportunity.
They loved their upbringing and Eastbourne embraced them.
Sadly, my uncle Toki died earlier this year.
Sat in the chapel during his funeral, I turned behind me, and among a sea of Nigerian faces was one white lady also paying her respects: Charmaine Baker from the Baker family.
That moment gave me goosebumps, just like those moments when old-school Eastbournians look at me in all my brownness, all my gayness and all my working-class-rootedness and say, “Josh, you are one of our own.”
I share that story to say that while Eastbourne’s hospitality traditions are often associated with the mighty bucket and spade, they go far deeper.
Eastbourne’s true hospitality traditions are of generosity, welcome, tolerance, multiculturalism and compassion.
The story of how I ended up in this House is testament to that, and I believe that with those values the same goes for our country, regardless of what other Members in various places in this House may say.
While our town benefits from more sunshine hours than any other in the country, that blaring sun sometimes casts shadows, too.
I am gutted to say that Eastbourne is also home to the busiest food bank in the country.
Last year, it distributed more food parcels per head than any other food bank in the UK, according to the Trussell Trust.
That is why, working with Eastbourne food bank’s inspirational CEO, Howard Wardle, I led Eastbourne to become the first council in the country to declare a cost of living emergency and to unlock emergency funding for those struggling most.
It is also why I sincerely believe that the Government should be even more ambitious in leading the fight against poverty by scrapping the two-child benefit cap.
A compassionate state is by no means a state that makes us soft or weak.
In fact, care is power.
We cannot have enterprise, innovation or justice if we do not have a culture of care and compassion.
That has underpinned  my career’s work, founding and running an organisation supporting vulnerable young people out of crime, out of gangs and into employment.
Our constituents have sent us here to be bold in rebuilding and reimagining our great country’s spirit of having one another’s backs.
As Eastbourne’s MP, I will strive to achieve nothing less.