I would recommend that all Members try to roll that out in their area.
However, if there is one priority I will pursue relentlessly, it will be undoing the harm caused to our local health services these past few years.
Alongside the word “education”, our town crest also features the world “health”.
I will defend our local hospital, and I will campaign on primary care, too.
One matter of vital importance linking this place and Cheltenham is GCHQ.
Their work is secret and they never ask for our thanks, but thousands of people in Cheltenham work hard for us every single day.
If I may veer dangerously close to policy for a maiden speech, I was pleased to see that the cyber security and resilience Bill will be coming before Parliament.
This is a huge opportunity to update the UK’s cyber laws by reforming the Computer Misuse Act 1990, and that will help better defend our cyber-defenders who work so hard for us in Cheltenham.
It was with those issues and more in mind that I was accosted at Paddington station the night before my first day here.
I was lost in thought, and a tourist approached me and said, “Excuse me, Sir.
How do you get to  Westminster?”
I was of course delighted to be recognised by a member of the public so early in my political career, so I decided to give him the full benefit of my political story.
After about 15 minutes, I had been through all my best campaigns, my door-knocking technique, the best leaflets I have ever delivered, and I was just telling him about doing aqua aerobics with our leader, my right hon.
Friend the Member for Kingston and Surbiton, in our iconic Sandford Park lido.
Sadly, I had got it wrong.
He interjected, “Sorry, friend; I just wanted to know which tube line to take.”
That is a cautionary tale for all new Members: let us not get ahead of ourselves.
We are here for our constituency first and foremost, and for me it will be Cheltenham first every time.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Cheltenham (Max Wilkinson)  on his excellent maiden speech, and I am pleased to follow him.
It is a great honour to be elected to this House to serve the people of Bridgwater.
I thank them for putting their trust in me.
Bridgwater is a most diverse constituency.
It combines the three historic towns of North Petherton, Burnham-on-Sea and Highbridge, and Bridgwater itself.
The constituency runs from the coastal villages of Berrow and Brean in the north to the villages of Nether Stowey and Enmore in the foothills of the Quantocks in the west and Middlezoy and Othery on the Somerset levels in the east.
The battle of Sedgemoor was fought near Westonzoyland in 1685.
It was the end of Monmouth’s rebellion and we should all be grateful that it was the last battle fought on English soil.
Bridgwater was one of the original boroughs to send elected Members to this House in 1295, although it is not an unbroken record.
In the 1868 general election the two Liberal candidates defeated the two Conservative candidates by just 44 votes.
Such was the evidence of bribery and corruption—on both sides, I must add—that the two MPs were unseated and the borough disenfranchised.
A royal commission later found that over £1,500, more than £200,000 in today’s money, had been spent on bribes.
Mr Deputy Speaker, I can assure you that I have paid particular care to my election expenses.
Bridgwater has a radical tradition.
One of our most famous sons is Admiral Robert Blake, regarded by many as the father of the Royal Navy.
He represented  both Bridgwater and Taunton in this House in the 17th century and fought on the side of Parliament in the civil war.