When people ask what type of doctor I am—and I definitely do not have the patience for a PhD—the response that I am a public health consultant is often met with slightly puzzled stares, a recalibration of what they have heard, and the decision that I am probably a GP by another name.
However, I am delighted to join my hon.
Friend  the Member for Oldham East and Saddleworth (Debbie Abrahams)  to represent public health here in the House.
It is the reason I chose to go into politics.
It is the art and science ofkeeping populations well and helping people to live healthy lives.
I appreciate that today’s debate primarily concerns home affairs and immigration, so I will talk about public health on the basis of the explicit principle that health is essential in all things to ensure safety and security for all people.
As part of my public health training I spent time with the Health Protection Agency, now part of Public Health England.
That training stood me in particularly good stead during the pandemic, when I found myself with a daily slot on BBC Radio Sussex talking about covid, debunking myths and providing reassurance that our fantastic scientists and public health specialists were doing everything possible to develop vaccinations and to keep us safe.
The results of the covid inquiry, published last week, revealed the clear conclusion that investment in preventive measures is always money well spent, and that was sadly lacking before the pandemic.
Public health funding was cut by 25% between 2015 and 2024, so there are some salient lessons to be learned quickly about prevention being better than cure.
My time in local government, as a public health consultant and subsequently as a councillor and council leader, taught me that politics is often the frontline where we grapple with the issues that arise from inequality and inequity—two indicators which tell us that the decisions made by those of us in a position of influence are not yet decisions that are maximising the health and wellbeing of the people we represent.
The resources required to meet basic human needs should be available to everyone, regardless of where we live or which family we are born into.
For people like me in public health and politics, there is a wealth of data and evidence—as well as, I would contend, basic common sense—showing   that when resources are not allocated fairly to allow everyone’s basic human needs to be met, we all suffer for it.
People do not thrive without clean water, clean air, access to green space and good food.
Our physical bodies become far less resilient to illness when those are not available to us, and the same is true of poor housing, poor education and poor jobs.
The causal link between poor housing conditions and poor health outcomes is long established, with health outcomes associated with poor housing costing the NHS an estimated £1.4 billion every year.
We know that exposure to poor housing conditions, including damp, cold, mould and noise, is strongly associated with poor health, both physical and mental.
Inequalities in life expectancy are increasing, especially for women.
In Worthing West, a woman living in one of our poorest areas will live an average of 8.3 years less than a woman living in one of our wealthiest areas, and for the population as a whole, the time spent in poor health is increasing.
As Sir Michael Marmot so saliently put it,
“If health has stopped improving it is a sign that society has stopped improving.”
When people become physically and mentally ill, potential is lost, and before you know it, your country does not have a national health service; it has an overwhelmed national sickness service.
I am so proud and privileged to be part of the Labour intake of 2024.
For too long now, our politics has been making people sick.