In Runcorn alone, there are 750 of these young men just in one community.
Is it not time to admit that “smash the gangs” was nothing more than an election slogan, not a policy, and is it not time to declare a national emergency and to act accordingly?
We are passing a borders Bill with extensive powers to smash the gangs.
These are anti-terrorist-like powers that give powers to the police to intercept where they think the suspects are committing people smuggling, which is a vile trade, and we must take back control of our borders after the last Government lost control.
But what did the hon.
Gentleman and his party do?
Did they support those extra measures to actually smash the gangs?
No.
They went into the Lobby to vote against them with the Conservatives in their new coalition.
And let us be clear what a vote for his party means.
It means a vote to charge for the NHS, a pro-Putin foreign policy and a vote against workers’ rights.
And now we hear that he has recruited Liz Truss as his new top adviser, just as he was cheering on the mini-Budget.
For  years, my constituents in Orrell have suffered from a lack of local health provision, but next month that will begin to change, thanks to a new partnership that I have built with our local NHS, Wigan Athletic and Wigan Warriors at a centre for excellence in women’s sport.
This will be a shining example of shifting healthcare from hospitals into communities.
Can I urge the Prime Minister to continue with our plan for change and to ignore the hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage), who for decades has pushed to dismantle our NHS so that my constituents would have to pay to see their doctor?
I see  the hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage)  complaining, but what did he say?
His words were,
“we’re going to have to move to an insurance-based system of healthcare”
and:
“If you can afford it, you pay”
—not under our watch.
While he is busy taking Liz Truss’s advice and fawning over Putin, we are driving down waiting lists, with 3 million extra appointments delivered and waiting lists slashed in the most deprived areas.
That is six times that the waiting lists have come down, including during the winter period.
We are rebuilding our NHS, rebuilding our country’s future and delivering for working people.
Just before Christmas, thousands of my constituents were left without water after yet another incident involving Southern Water—the latest in a long series of issues, including outages and sewage dumping in our precious chalk stream, the River Itchen.
Yet this month, my constituents face water bill hikes of 47%.
Does the Prime Minister understand why my constituents are so angry about that, and what reassurances can he give them that Southern Water and Ofwat will be held to account?
I thank the hon.
Member for raising this, and the Conservatives should apologise to her constituents for allowing record sewage into our waterways.
Our water Act will clean up our rivers, lakes and seas.
Under new powers that came into effect last week, in fact, water bosses can now face years in jail for concealing sewage spills.
We have banned the payment of bonuses and introduced new powers, and of course we are delivering a major review through our water commission.
I reassure the hon.
Member that we will not hesitate to take further steps.
Listening to residents in North West Cambridgeshire on the doorstep and at local coffee mornings, there is a clear message: people want local police to have the time and resources to get to know crime in their areas and to tackle it at the root.
I know our Labour mayoral candidate is committed to that if she is elected tomorrow.