The Prime Minister did not answer my question last week, nor he did answer my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wokingham (Clive Jones)  just now.
Let me ask again.
Will the Government give Members a vote on the Floor of the House on any deal he agrees with President Trump—yes or no?
We are in negotiations on a deal with the US.
We will obviously act in the national interest to make sure that if there is a deal, it is the right deal for our country.
If it is secured, it will go through the known procedures for this House.
I am very disappointed by that reply, and the lack of a yes or no response.
We want a vote, and we will keep pressing the Prime Minister and his Government on that.
Turning to a domestic issue, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Dorking and Horley (Chris Coghlan)  has taken up the cause of Fiona Laskaris, whose autistic adult son Christopher was horrifically exploited and then murdered by a convicted criminal.
As “ITV News” has reported, when Fiona tried to get a mental capacity assessment for her son, she was dismissed, so Christopher never got the support that might have saved his life.
We are going to try to change the law so that families’ concerns over a loved one’s mental capacity have to be considered.
Will the Prime Minister give his personal backing to that change, to prevent another tragedy like Christopher’s?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for raising that terrible case, and I think the thoughts of the whole House will be with Christopher’s family and friends affected by this.
We will certainly look into what else we can do, and if there are further details that could be given to me of that particular case, I will make sure that we follow it up.
I start by congratulating Truro City football club, who have gone from homelessness to league champions in one season.
In Cornwall, clean energy is a huge opportunity.
We are fortunate to have vast natural resources, with onshore and offshore wind, geothermal and tidal.
We have a strategically vital port and a workforce ready to step up.
I welcome that Falmouth community hospital will be getting new solar panels and benefiting from those first investments made by GB Energy.
As we pursue our clean power plan, will the Prime Minister confirm that this is just the beginning of that investment in renewables in Cornwall?
Can I add my congratulations to Truro?
Clean energy investments are powering our plan for change, and that is just the beginning.
We will go further: 200 schools and hundreds of NHS sites across the country will benefit from GB Energy’s first solar projects, including Falmouth community hospital in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
Hospitals will save £45,000 a year off their energy bills, with that money going back to the frontline services.
That is the better future we are building: good for patients and good for jobs, growth and our energy security.
To date so far this year, 10,000 young undocumented males have illegally crossed the English channel into our country—a 40% increase on this time last year—many coming from cultures that are somewhat alien to ours.
They are being housed at a cost of many billions of pounds a year in hotels and, increasingly, in private rented homes.
The effect on communities is one of a sense of deep unfairness, bordering on resentment.
In Runcorn alone, there are 750 of these young men just in one community.
Is it not time to admit that “smash the gangs” was nothing more than an election slogan, not a policy, and is it not time to declare a national emergency and to act accordingly?
We are passing a borders Bill with extensive powers to smash the gangs.