Mike and The Alarm were the sounds of my teenage years when I was growing up in north Wales.
He was a proud Welshman, a hugely talented musician and a man of incredible resilience.
As well as bringing music tourism to north Wales, he dedicated much of his life to charitable work to support blood cancer patients, and I know he will be missed.
Whether she has had discussions with Cabinet colleagues on the potential merits of creating a new offence of domestic abuse to help tackle violence against women and girls in Wales.
I know that this is a deeply personal matter for the hon.
Member, and I commend him for his committed campaigning on this vital subject.
This Labour Government agree that more must be done to tackle violence against women and girls, which is why we have introduced a pilot this week in Wales that will enable victims and their friends, families and support workers to apply for a domestic abuse protection order.
We have commissioned David Gauke, a former Justice Secretary, to conduct an independent review to examine how sentencing guidelines can best address crimes of violence against women and girls in the future.
I asked the Government via a written parliamentary question how many domestic abusers there are in prison in Wales, and what their reoffending rate is.
The response was:
“It is not possible to robustly calculate the number of domestic abusers in prison or their reoffending rate…because these crimes are recorded under the specific offences for which they are prosecuted”.
There is no specific offence of domestic abuse in law, which means we are not recording this comprehensively, we are not rehabilitating comprehensively and we are not protecting victims comprehensively.
If the Government do not create an offence, as I have proposed, what will they do to protect the victims and survivors and to better identify these abusers?
I understand that the hon.
Member is bringing forward a private Member’s Bill on domestic abuse.
We recognise that being able to identify domestic abuse offenders is critical, but the Government are not convinced that the Bill provides a solution to that challenge.
However, the Ministry of Justice will continue to consider how it can make improvements to how we identify offenders.
I call the Chair of the Welsh Affairs Committee.
Tomorrow I will be visiting the new sexual violence support centre in Rothbury House in my constituency, along with Jane Hutt, the Welsh Government Minister for Social Justice.
This great new facility will support many people in my constituency and the surrounding areas for years to come.
Will the Minister join me in applauding the vital work of the staff—many of them volunteers—who provide lifesaving support to women in need?
I pay tribute to that support centre, and indeed to the many organisations the length and breadth of Wales that help women fleeing domestic violence.
As my hon.
Friend knows, we work very closely with the Welsh Government.
Indeed, I spoke to Cabinet Secretary Jane Hutt only yesterday.
As my hon.
Friend will also know, the Welsh Government launched their own strategy for combating violence against women, domestic abuse and sexual violence back in 2022, and they are carefully monitoring progress on it.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
The House will be as horrified as I was to learn from a shocking report in The Times that a Labour-led local authority apparently showed teenagers a PowerPoint in which they were urged to seek consent from their partner before choking them during sex.
It is abhorrent to even attempt to normalise strangling in a loving relationship—indeed, in any relationship.
It is important to note that the council in question did not categorically deny this at first, but did so after there was, rightly, a backlash.