It is unsustainable, indefensible and unfair.
What steps she is taking to strengthen the Union.
What steps she is taking to strengthen the Union.
In Wales, the partnership between our two Labour Governments is delivering on the people’s priorities.
NHS waiting lists have fallen for three consecutive months.
We are creating tens of thousands of jobs in every corner of Wales through our freeports, investment zones, support for steelworkers, inward investments and thriving green industries.
Supporting people into work is the right thing to do, not just economically but morally.
I therefore welcome the recently announced UK Trailblazer programme in north Wales, which will do away with the one-size-fits-all approach and will instead meet people where they are, giving them a greater chance to secure stable and good employment.
Does the Secretary of State agree that this shows the power of the partnership that we now have, and our commitment that no one, on either side of the M4, will be left behind?
Also, will the Secretary of State join me in congratulating Wrexham football team on their historic back-to-back-to-back promotion this weekend to the English football league championship?
Many congratulations to Wrexham.
I am delighted to see them promoted, and very sad to see Cardiff relegated.
My hon.
Friend is right: the Government understand that work is crucial not just to our health and wellbeing, but to improving our living standards.
That is why we announced last week a £10 million pilot in Blaenau Gwent, Neath Port Talbot and Denbighshire to support people back into work.
We will not sit by and let the Tories’ broken welfare system continue, which has condemned people to a life without work.
These Trailblazer projects will help more people in Wales back into secure, well-paid jobs.
Since this UK Labour Government were elected, more than 2 million extra GP appointments have been delivered in England, and thanks to a record- breaking £21 billion Budget settlement, waiting lists in  Wales have gone down three months in a row.
Does the Secretary of State agree that our NHS and our country are safer and stronger when we have two Governments working together to make devolution work, not to tear our Union apart?
I could not agree more with my hon.
Friend.
Driving down NHS waiting lists is a shared priority for both the UK and the Welsh Labour Governments.
As she says, waiting list have fallen for three consecutive months as a result of our two Governments working together.
Meanwhile, the Conservatives and Plaid Cymru voted against an extra £600 million for the Welsh NHS, and Reform would sell off the NHS to the highest bidder.
Does the Secretary of State think that the imposition from tomorrow of a parcels border between Great Britain and Northern Ireland will strengthen the Union, given that parcels, business to business, from Wales or any other part of the UK to Northern Ireland, will now be subject to EU customs declarations and checks?
How does that strengthen the Union?
I thank the hon.
and learned Member for his question.
As I said in reply to an earlier question, we want to make sure that trading is made easier and that we remove the red tape and barriers.
Those are the discussions that we are having at the moment with the EU.
Does the Minister agree that what strengthens this Union is the nations of Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland intertwined with England?
It is the Gaelic nations of Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland and their cultures and history that bring us together.
The Union also brings benefits relating to employment, jobs and opportunity.
It is about the constitution and our service in uniform.
All those things bring us together in a way that nothing else can, and mean that this great United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland is better as a Union; we can all do better together.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question.