Member that we will not hesitate to take further steps.
Listening to residents in North West Cambridgeshire on the doorstep and at local coffee mornings, there is a clear message: people want local police to have the time and resources to get to know crime in their areas and to tackle it at the root.
I know our Labour mayoral candidate is committed to that if she is elected tomorrow.
Could the Prime Minister update residents across Cambridgeshire and Peterborough on how our plan for change is tackling crime and antisocial behaviour and boosting police ranks by 13,000 officers, who will be visible in all local communities?
The Conservatives decimated neighbourhood policing, and crimes like shoplifting and antisocial behaviour ran rife.
I can tell my hon.
Friend what we are doing through the plan for change: extra police officers, extra police community support officers, more special constables, and—on top of that—a named officer for every community, and more teams out in our town centres on Friday and Saturday nights.
That is what you get with a Labour mayor working with a Labour Government to deliver change for Cambridgeshire and Peterborough.
Eastbourne war veteran Staff Sergeant Pauline Cole sustained injuries while serving our country.
She was awarded military compensation, but because military compensation is  currently considered income by this Government, her pension credit has been cut from £77 a week to just £11 a week.
We have met the relevant Minister to try to address this to no avail.
With the 80th anniversary of VE Day just next week, will the Prime Minister meet Pauline, who is in the Gallery, and I to address this injustice and ensure that no veteran is penalised for serving our country?
I thank the hon.
Member for raising this important issue with us.
We will always stand up for those who served our country, and I pay tribute to Pauline for her service.
I will ensure that she gets the appropriate meeting that she wants and needs to discuss her specific case.
This week, thanks to this Labour Government, hundreds of free breakfast clubs have opened across our country.
Will the Prime Minister join me in sending good wishes to the staff and pupils at Castle Carrock, Yewdale, Longtown, Inglewood, Brook Street, Blackford, Hallbankgate and Bishop Harvey Goodwin schools in my constituency, which are among the first to benefit from this important scheme?
Will he confirm that this is just the start of Labour’s plan for change to deliver for working parents?
Let me pay tribute to all the staff in her constituency working in the breakfast clubs, which of course deliver free breakfasts and 30 minutes of free childcare, saving working parents £450 a year.
We have opened the first 750 across the country, and there will be many more to come.
We of course also are saving parents £50 a year by making school uniforms cheaper—something the Leader of the Opposition ordered all her troops to vote against.
The playing of music and loud videos without headphones on public transport is becoming increasingly common.
The various byelaws outlawing such antisocial behaviour are clearly not working, and the planned cuts to the British Transport Police are bound to make matters worse.
Will the Prime Minister back the Lib Dem plan to introduce effective enforcement and a publicity campaign to persuade people to plug in their headphones?
You never know, Mr Speaker; after that, we could perhaps encourage the uncivil minority to take their feet off the seats.
The hon.
Gentleman raises an important question about antisocial behaviour. [
Interruption.]
The Conservatives are laughing about it; that really sums up what they did in the past 14 years.
He knows that there are already strict rules in place to prevent antisocial behaviour, including fines of up to £1,000.
We are focused on tackling antisocial behaviour.