Whether we are talking about the streets of Birmingham or the town hall of Bradford, it is chaos and cover ups with Labour councils.
When will he show leadership and do the right thing?
The right thing is to implement the recommendations that we have, which is what the Conservatives palpably failed to do in government.
The right thing to do is to have the national inquiries that we need, which is what the victims want.
The right thing to do is to invest in our criminal justice system, so we can bring people to justice.
The Conservatives have absolutely collapsed the criminal justice system.
Prosecutions for rape under their watch: did they go up or down?
They went down to record lows.
Investment in prosecuting these cases went down.
Their record was abysmal; they should hang their heads in shame.
These are just distraction tactics.
The Prime Minister has not read the recommendations, because if he had, he would know that none of them would tackle this issue.
The fact is, if I were standing where he is, we would have had a national inquiry months ago.
This issue is personal for me.
I have met many of the victims.
This is about the protection of children; nothing else is more important.
In the last few days, I have been to Wiltshire, Lincolnshire, Northumberland and Kent.
All of them have outstanding children’s social care.
Do you know why, Mr Speaker?
Because they are all run by Conservatives.
That is the difference that Conservative councillors make.
Is the choice tomorrow not between chaos and cover ups under Labour councils, and better services under the Conservatives?
The right hon.
Lady says that the Conservatives would have a national inquiry; in 14 years, they did not do it.
It is so hollow.
Yes, tomorrow is the country’s first opportunity to pass its verdict on the Leader of the Opposition and the Conservative party after the general election.
Have they changed?
Have they learned?
We will see her next week.
I wish that the Leader of the Opposition would stop weaponising victims of child sexual abuse to score political points.
It is damaging victims, and if she cared about child protection she would not do that.
It is a disgrace; you are a disgrace.
New data shows that in March last year, in the Hyson Green and Arboretum ward in my constituency, 64% of children were in poverty, which is the highest proportion in the whole of the east midlands and a damning indictment of the previous Conservative Government.
One of the proudest achievements of the last Labour Government was the action they took on child poverty.
Will the Prime Minister confirm that this Labour  Government will do everything in their power to eliminate child poverty, and that their taskforce has not ruled out abolishing the two-child benefit limit, which is the single most cost-effective way to pull children out of poverty?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise the disgraceful record of the previous Government, who saw an extra 900,000 children in poverty.
I am proud of Labour’s record in reducing child poverty, which is what we do in government, and the taskforce is exploring every lever to reduce child poverty.
I call the leader of the Liberal Democrats.
On behalf of my party, may I send our congratulations to Mark Carney and the Liberal party of Canada on their historic victory?
We wish them well, as Canada continues to stand up strongly to President Trump’s tariffs and threats.
Canada has learned what happens when a trade deal is done with President Trump; he cannot be trusted to stick with it.
The Prime Minister did not answer my question last week, nor he did answer my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wokingham (Clive Jones)  just now.
Let me ask again.