All those things bring us together in a way that nothing else can, and mean that this great United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland is better as a Union; we can all do better together.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question.
I definitely believe that the UK is stronger with the four nations working together.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
There is no greater threat to our Union than the feeling that workers in one nation matter less than those in another.
People in and around Port Talbot feel that they have had a rotten deal.
Can the Minister explain why, under the deal that her Government did with Tata, workers who had been at the company for longer than 25 years did not have that service reflected in their redundancy payments, and why workers wishing to access the retraining elements had to forgo their rights to the enhanced redundancy payment?
Is it true that, as has been reported, as of February, only three people had applied for that scheme?
Tata made the decision to close the blast furnaces in January 2024, six months before the general election.
It closed the coke ovens in March 2024, when an agreement on the grant for the electric arc furnace  had already been made.
The hon.
Gentleman might remember that blast furnace 5 closed down on polling day.
The timeline was fixed for that electric arc furnace to be delivered.
In 10 weeks, we negotiated a better deal, with better terms and protections for the whole workforce at Port Talbot.
There were no immediate compulsory redundancies.
We saw the best voluntary redundancy package ever offered by Tata to its UK workforce.
We saved 5,000 jobs, and 385 acres of land are being released for development, regeneration and future opportunities at the site.
All in all, this was £1.3 billion investment deal.
That is very different from the situation in Scunthorpe.
If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 30 April.
Yesterday evening, Royal Air Force Typhoons successfully conducted strikes against Houthi military targets in Yemen in a joint operation with our US allies.
This action was in line with the long-standing policy of the UK Government to defend freedom of navigation in the Red sea, after Houthi attacks fuelled regional instability and risked economic security for families in the UK.
I am pleased to say that all UK aircraft and personnel returned safely, and I pay tribute to the professionalism and bravery of all our servicemen and servicewomen.
The Defence Secretary will make a statement about this immediately after Prime Minister’s questions.
I congratulate Prime Minister Mark Carney on his election in Canada.
Our two countries are the closest of Commonwealth allies, partners and friends.
We will work together to deepen our economic relationship to benefit working people here in the UK.
May I also congratulate everyone across the House, including Members and those in the Press Gallery, who ran marathons in London and Manchester?
In particular, I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Gordon and Buchan (Harriet Cross)  on running the fastest time of any female MP.
Of course, I also congratulate the shadow Justice Secretary, who I am reliably informed is still running.
This morning I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
I associate myself with the remarks of the Prime Minister about the professionalism of our armed forces, and I too congratulate Mark Carney on being elected Prime Minister of Canada.
I also congratulate everybody who took part in the London marathon.
Both my daughters have done it, but it is sadly something I cannot do any more.
Later today, I will introduce a Bill to guarantee that Parliament has the final say on any trade deal, including any agreement with President Trump.