Dame Vera is sewn into our nation’s soul as providing the soundtrack for our greatest generation.
It is particularly timely, so I will support the campaign that he has done so much to promote.
Whether it is crevasse on the island outside Asda in Long Eaton or the array of tyre poppers on Quarry Hill Road in Ilkeston, every day my inbox is filled with complaints about potholes that Conservative-led Derbyshire county council has failed to fix.
Given that the Government have poured £1.6 billion of extra funding into road repairs and that the Derbyshire county council elections are tomorrow, does the Prime Minister agree with me that it is high time that Erewash and wider Derbyshire got themselves a Labour council that will actually repair the roads?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Conservative Derbyshire county council is home to more potholes than anywhere else in the country and drivers are paying the price.
Our plan for change has committed enough funding to fix 7 million extra potholes this year.
For the first time, councils like Derbyshire must publish how many potholes they have actually repaired in order to get the cash.
The Conservative party left Britain’s roads crumbling—we are fixing them.
The blackouts in Spain have caused chaos.
There is a realisation among many Back Benchers in the Prime Minister’s own party that thousands of jobs are being lost in Scotland in the oil industry.
Businesses face energy costs that are making them uncompetitive, and consumers are being plunged into fuel poverty.
Does the Prime Minister not recognise that his net-zero policy is not only bad, but mad?
Indeed, a former leader of his party now accepts this.
Will the Prime Minister accept advice from someone in his own party, if he will not accept advice from those on the Opposition Benches?
In many years on the Opposition Benches, I learned when asking questions at PMQs not just to read the headline on a Wednesday morning, but to look at some of the detail.
What Tony Blair said is that we should have more carbon capture.
We have invested in carbon capture—that is many jobs across different parts of the country.
He said that AI should be used, and we agree with that: we have invested huge amounts in AI and the jobs of the future.
He also said that we need domestic targets so that businesses have certainty.
If the right hon.
Gentleman looks at the detail of what Tony Blair said, he will see that Tony Blair is absolutely aligned with what we are doing here.
These are the jobs and the security of the future.
I will also say that we should not weaponise the difficult position that people in Spain and other countries find themselves in at a very difficult time.
I welcome the Government’s decision this month to secure British Steel.
At a time when European security is critical, defence manufacturers in the Black Country, like Somers Forge in Halesowen and B.B. Price in Cradley Heath, will be using that steel to make the military equipment that our defence needs.
Will the Prime Minister commit to make manufacturing investment in the Black Country a national priority so that we can live up to our industrial heritage and create the high-quality defence jobs that our region so desperately needs?
I pay tribute to my hon.
and gallant Friend for his service to his country.
He understands that our national security and economic security go hand in hand.
It is vital that defence investment creates more jobs, apprenticeships and opportunities in the Black Country and across the United Kingdom.
That is why we have launched a new hub to give up to 12,000 small firms better access to defence contracts.
We are raising defence spending, with the highest sustained increase since the cold war—something that the Conservatives failed to do in 14 years in office.