He will be conscious, as is the right hon.
Gentleman, that the UK acts not just as the third-largest donor to the Yemen humanitarian programme, but as the penholder for Yemen at the United Nations.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his statement and associate myself with his words about our brave military personnel.
Does he agree that we must reiterate how the Houthi attacks are illegal, are against the UN charter and target the principle of freedom of navigation, which benefits all nations, including our allies in the region?
Does he also agree that our action shows that working in concert with our allies internationally can improve regional stability and security, and indeed our security here at home?
I do indeed agree with my hon.
Friend.
This is a matter of reinforcing regional stability and a matter of defending and protecting freedom of navigation, but it is also a matter of protecting our own economic interests back home, and I make no apology for standing up for British interests and those of our allies.
We in Reform fully endorse the Government’s action against the Houthis, and we thank our brave and brilliant military personnel.
The Secretary of State referred to the continuing support of the Houthis by Iran, so will he update the House on further sanctions against Iran?
Surely now is the time to proscribe the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps as a terrorist organisation?
The hon.
Gentleman has been around long enough to know that I will not comment on the process of proscription.
Suffice it to say, the Government have sanctioned a number of major Houthi leaders.
I welcome his welcome for the action we took last night, and I hope he will take that action as a sign of a determination to do what we can, alongside our US allies, to degrade their ability to continue to threaten freedom of navigation for international shipping.
The Houthis are acting freely in the absence of a road map for peace.
Yemen is facing the worst humanitarian crisis, with 22 million people needing assistance, of whom 11 million are children, and in desperate need of food, water and medical supplies.
To defeat the Houthis permanently, will the Secretary of State give a commitment that this Government, along with allies, will do all that is possible to deliver a road map for peace and ensure that this happens now, because otherwise it will be a lost opportunity?
As I said earlier, my responsibility as Defence Secretary is for the military components of the wider approach that must be pursued if we are to help play an important role in securing peace and a settlement to end the civil war in Yemen, and to provide relief to the hundreds of thousands of Yemenis who are suffering so severely.
Constraining the Houthi threat is part of that, as is reinforcing and bolstering the Yemeni Government, but working with allies, particularly the leading regional allies, in trying to force the pace of a negotiated settlement and a peace in Yemen is absolutely crucial.
I welcome the Defence Secretary’s statement, and I add my thanks to, and appreciation for, the Royal Air Force and all those involved in this successful operation.
In his statement he said that
“even Russia has attempted to support the Houthi operations.”
However, does it not go a little bit deeper than that?
The Wall Street Journal has reported that targeting data provided by Russia has been utilised by the Houthis for their attacks against western shipping, while Iran has arbitrated secret talks between the terror group and the Kremlin.
What steps is he taking to disrupt Russia’s deepening ties to Iran and its proxies across the middle east?
I am really not going to disclose in public, or even to this House, the steps that we are taking to deal with some of that covert Russian activity, which goes well beyond Yemen to the wider middle east.