We are providing for local inquiries—[Interruption.]
Conservative Members have got so much to say now; why did they not implement a single recommendation in the 14 years they had in office?
There are recommendations already in place about the change that needs to be made.
They sat on a shelf under the last Government; we are acting on them.
We are providing for local inquiries, and we are investing more in delivering truth than the last Government ever did.
The Prime Minister cannot name a single place because nothing is happening.
He stood at the Dispatch Box and promised five local inquiries.
On the last day of term, he had his Minister come out to water down the promise that they would provide funding.
That is not good enough.
At least 50 towns are affected by rape gangs—places like Peterborough, Derby, Birmingham, Nottingham, Leicester, Rotherham, Rochdale and Preston.
Is he dragging his heels on this because he does not want Labour cover-ups exposed?
I spent five years prosecuting these cases.
I was the prosecutor who brought the first case, and when that file was brought to my attention, I noticed that one of the defendants had not been prosecuted previously.
Far from covering up, I asked for that file so I could have a look at it.
On the back of that, I changed the entire approach to prosecutions, which was lauded by the then Government—we were doing the right thing—and brought those prosecutions.
My record, where I thought something had gone wrong, is of going after it and putting it right.
The Leader of the Opposition stayed silent throughout the Conservatives’ years in government, and so did their entire Front Bench.
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman is not the Director of Public Prosecutions any more—he is the Prime Minister.
People want to know what he is going to do now, not have him talk about what he did years ago.
We are asking for a full national inquiry.
Andy Burnham wants a national inquiry, and he is not Conservative; he is Labour.
Harriet Harman wants one.
The hon.
Member for Rotherham (Sarah Champion)  wants one.
All the victims I have met want a full national inquiry.
The Prime Minister keeps talking about local inquiries, yet they have not got going, and they have not got going because local authorities do not want to investigate themselves.
Local inquiries cannot force witnesses to appear.
Local inquiries cannot force people to give evidence under oath.
Why will he not have a national inquiry?
We have had a national inquiry, and we have had recommendations. [
Interruption.]
Look, hundreds of recommendations have been made in relation to this issue.
It is a serious issue.
I strongly believe that we should implement the recommendations that have already been made, and that is what we are doing.
I strongly believe that we should listen to victims.
Labour Members have been listening to victims for decades and working with them in relation to what they want, which is local inquiries, and we have set those local inquiries up.
The Prime Minister says we should listen to victims.
The victims want a national inquiry.
We have not had a national inquiry.
We had the child sex abuse inquiry, which the Conservatives launched.
There is still more to be done; it did not cover the scandal in detail.
In Manchester, just last year, authorities were still covering up abuse, and the local inquiry chair there has quit.
Bradford council, which covers an area with some of the worst abuses, refuses any inquiry, local or national.
Whether we are talking about the streets of Birmingham or the town hall of Bradford, it is chaos and cover ups with Labour councils.
When will he show leadership and do the right thing?
The right thing is to implement the recommendations that we have, which is what the Conservatives palpably failed to do in government.