It is vital that defence investment creates more jobs, apprenticeships and opportunities in the Black Country and across the United Kingdom.
That is why we have launched a new hub to give up to 12,000 small firms better access to defence contracts.
We are raising defence spending, with the highest sustained increase since the cold war—something that the Conservatives failed to do in 14 years in office.
I wish to make a statement to update the House on the action we took last night against a Houthi military target.
We did so in collective self-defence and to uphold the freedom of navigation, as Britain has always done.
Yesterday, UK forces conducted a joint operation with US allies against a Houthi military facility in Yemen.
Our intelligence analysis identified a cluster of buildings 15 miles south of Sanaa used by the Houthis to manufacture drones of the type used to attack ships in the Red sea and in the gulf of Aden.
Royal Air Force Typhoon FGR4s, with air refuelling support from RAF Voyager tankers, struck a number of those buildings with Paveway IV precision bombs last night.
This action was limited, targeted and devised to minimise the risk to civilian life.
Everyone involved in the UK operation has returned to base safely.
On behalf of the House, I thank all members of our armed forces involved in this operation and pay tribute to them for their total professionalism and courage.
Yesterday’s operation was carried out alongside the US, our closest security ally.
It was conducted in line with both the UN charter and the established UK policy of this Government and the last; you will remember, Mr Speaker, that when Labour was in opposition, it backed the Government when they conducted five separate strikes with the US against Houthi targets.
Yesterday’s attack aligns with four broad objectives.
The first is to restore freedom of navigation in the Red sea and the gulf of Aden, the second is to degrade Houthi capability and prevent future attacks, the third is to reinforce regional security alongside allies and partners, and the fourth is to protect our economic security at home.
First thing this morning, the Government briefed the shadow Defence Secretary,  the hon.
Member for South Suffolk (James Cartlidge) ; the Speakers of both Houses; the Liberal Democrats’ defence spokesperson,  the hon.
Member for Epsom and Ewell (Helen Maguire) ; and the Chair of the House of Commons Defence Committee, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Slough (Mr Dhesi) .
I can now tell the House that our initial assessment is that the planned targets were all successfully hit, and we have seen no evidence of civilian casualties.
Since November 2023, the Houthis have been waging a campaign of aggression against international shipping in the Red sea.
To date, there have been over 320 attacks; those attacks are illegal and deadly, and we totally condemn them.
Maritime routes have been disrupted, sailors have been killed, and commercial ships have been hit and sunk.
The Houthis have even targeted aid vessels destined for Yemen itself, as well as military vessels of our allies and partners.
Both the Royal Navy and the US navy have been forced into action in the Red sea—last September, I met the crew of HMS Diamond, who shot down a ballistic missile and multiple drones in self-defence during their deployment in the Red sea.
Make no mistake: the Houthis act as an agent of instability across the region.
They continue to receive both military and financial backing from Iran, and even Russia has attempted to support the Houthi operations.
The aggression in the Red sea and the gulf of Aden is yet another example of how our adversaries are increasingly  working together against our interests.
As such, I want to be clear that this Government reject any Houthi claims that attacking ships in the Red sea is somehow supporting Gaza.