Member for South Suffolk (James Cartlidge)  on the subject of the SDR?
When it is published in the spring, all his questions will be answered.
I welcome the hon.
Lady’s recognition of the importance of degrading the military capabilities of the Houthis, and I welcome her support for the action that we took last night.
I say to her with confidence and reassurance that our own UK intelligence and communications systems remain secure.
The hon.
Lady asked, “Why now?”
First, the decision and the action that we took were in line with long-established policy, both UK policy and the United Nations charter.
Secondly, it was a reflection of the fact that, as I have reported to the House, the US is stepping up and we, as a close ally, are alongside it in this action.
Thirdly, our purpose is to protect our economy at home, because most of the shipping in this busiest of international sea routes makes a big detour that pushes up prices and has a direct impact on not just our security interests but our economic interests in Britain.
That is why we are acting.
I refer the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
The Houthis say that they are shelling international shipping in order to help the Palestinians, but does my right hon.
Friend agree that by not just undermining international trade but causing a devastating decline in the use of the Suez canal and crashing the numbers of cruise ships visiting Aqaba, they are actually attacking Egypt and Jordan—two countries which could not be working harder for a future for the Palestinians, which could not be giving more support, whether it is financial, political or diplomatic, and which provide a refuge for so many?
Does he agree that if the Houthis really care about the Palestinians, they should simply stop this?
I totally agree with my hon.
Friend.
Jordan and Egypt are doing a lot of the heavy lifting in trying to support the Palestinians, and it is notable that there is no evidence that the Houthis have provided any aid to the Palestinians in Gaza.
The action that they are taking, which is causing disruption and the intensification of insecurity in the region, is doing absolutely nothing to help the Palestinians’ cause.
I welcome this action and join the Defence Secretary in paying tribute to our exemplary armed forces.
It is essential that we tackle the tentacles of Iran through all its proxies—whether  it is the Houthis, Hamas or Hezbollah—which do so much damage to Israel and the wider middle east, and not least to the people of Palestine.
One fundamental question, as he will know from our discussions when I was Deputy Prime Minister, is about the long-term strategy to eliminate the threat of the Houthis to Red sea shipping.
For the benefit of the House, will the Defence Secretary give some further indication of the new Government’s thinking on the long-term strategy to address this threat?
I pay tribute to the right hon.
Gentleman for going out of his way when he was Deputy Prime Minister, as this Government are doing now, to ensure that we were well briefed on such strikes.
He is absolutely right to say that military action against the Houthis can take us only so far.
The wider strategy must, therefore, involve the UK doing what we can to work with allies, especially in the region: first, to constrain the Houthis, as our action overnight was designed to do; secondly, to bolster the strength, authority and capability of the Yemeni Government, which is why the Under-Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs, my hon.