They continue to receive both military and financial backing from Iran, and even Russia has attempted to support the Houthi operations.
The aggression in the Red sea and the gulf of Aden is yet another example of how our adversaries are increasingly  working together against our interests.
As such, I want to be clear that this Government reject any Houthi claims that attacking ships in the Red sea is somehow supporting Gaza.
The Houthis were targeting tankers and seizing ships well before the war in Gaza began, and their attacks since have targeted vessels of all nations, so hear me when I say that these attacks do absolutely nothing for the Palestinian people or the push for a lasting peace.
An estimated 12% of global trade and 30% of container traffic passes through the Red sea every year, but the Houthi threat has led to a drastic fall.
Levels are down by 55% on what they were in November 2023; the majority of ships now take a 5,000-mile diversion around the Cape of Good Hope, adding a full fortnight to a journey between Asia and Europe and pushing up prices for the goods that British people and others rely on.
This cannot continue.
In opposition, I argued that, for what is now 80 years,
“the lion’s share of the responsibility for protecting international freedom of navigation in the Red sea is being shouldered by the Americans, just as the US has been doing across the world”—[Official Report,  24 January 2024 ; Vol.
744, c. 355.]
Since last month, the US has been conducting a sustained campaign, targeting the Houthis in Yemen to restore freedom of navigation.
It moved two carriers into the region, and its recent strikes have destroyed multiple command and control centres, air defence systems, advanced weapons manufacturing sites and advanced weapons storage sites.
The US military says that its operations have now degraded the effectiveness of the Houthi attack, reporting that ballistic missile launches have dropped by 69% and one-way drone attacks are down by 55%.
The US continues to be the UK’s closest security ally.
It is stepping up in the Red sea, and we are alongside it.
Yesterday’s joint operation builds on the broader support that we have provided to the US in the region in recent months.
That includes air-to-air refuelling; the use of our important military base, Diego Garcia, for regional security operations; and RAF Typhoons to support the defence of the US carrier strike group, which has been coming under near-daily attack from Houthi missiles and drones.
This Government will always act in the interests of our national and economic security.
The UK is stepping up and encouraging allies to do more to protect our common security, just as we are with the eight-month deployment of our carrier strike group to the Mediterranean and the Indo-Pacific, which started last week.
The UK has a long and proud history of taking action to protect freedom of navigation.
This illegal Houthi aggression does not just disrupt shipping and destabilise the region; it hits our economy here at home.
That is why the Government took this decision.
It is why the UK has taken this action to help protect freedom of navigation, reinforce regional stability and strengthen economic security for families across the country.
We are determined that we will keep Britain secure at home and strong abroad.
I am grateful to the Secretary of State for early sight of his statement and to the Minister for the Armed Forces for the briefing he extended to me and other parliamentarians  earlier today.
As far as His Majesty’s Opposition are concerned, the rationale for these actions has not changed since we undertook similar operations in government in the months leading up to the general election, with the support of the then Opposition.
We agree that this action is effectively an act of self-defence on behalf of ourselves and our closest allies.