Gentleman for going out of his way when he was Deputy Prime Minister, as this Government are doing now, to ensure that we were well briefed on such strikes.
He is absolutely right to say that military action against the Houthis can take us only so far.
The wider strategy must, therefore, involve the UK doing what we can to work with allies, especially in the region: first, to constrain the Houthis, as our action overnight was designed to do; secondly, to bolster the strength, authority and capability of the Yemeni Government, which is why the Under-Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Lincoln (Mr Falconer) , announced support earlier this year; and thirdly, to pursue the importance of a negotiated settlement that gives Yemen a peaceful way forward, while in the meantime not losing sight of our responsibility as a nation to support the Yemeni people, who are suffering greatly.
The right hon.
Gentleman will welcome the fact that the Foreign Secretary announced in January an extra £5 million-worth of UK aid for Yemen, which brought the total over the previous 12 months to £144 million.
The UK remains the third largest donor to the Yemeni humanitarian programme.
I thank the Secretary of State for his statement, and echo his words about the courage and professionalism of our service personnel.
It is good that everyone has returned safely.
Having a strong and capable military is essential to ensuring our economic security and freedom of trade.
Is that not why financial institutions and pension funds should increase their investment in defence industries, and not listen to voices opposed to that?
Quite right.
My hon.
Friend will be interested to hear about the work that I and the Chancellor have commissioned together on the barriers in the UK that are holding back private sources of investment in our defence and technology industries.
An important part of the defence industrial strategy, which we will be able to publish before too long, will be about how we use the big commitment of this Government and this country to invest in defence and make our armed forces fit for the future, and how we can use that to leverage much more investment from private sector sources so that we can do more, more quickly.
It is unusual for a terrorist group engaged in a civil war to invite retaliation of this sort by attacking international shipping so comprehensively.
Clearly, the Houthis are acting as an agent of Iran.
Can the Secretary of State advise us  what the Government know about the ability of Iran to keep fuelling the attacks in the Red sea?
Now that the domestic ability to manufacture drones in Yemen has been degraded, how easy will it be for Iran to supply them directly to the Houthis?
The short answer is that we must do what we can with allies to make it as hard as possible for Iran to maintain both its financial support to the Houthis and its logistical, munitions and military support and supplies.
We are working on that with allies and, as I said to the House earlier, the straight military action that we were conducting last night is part of the solution for the long term.
It is not the whole solution.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his statement.
We have had a long-standing relationship with the US, which is our closest security ally.
Does he agree that our continued work on AUKUS will help to deepen and strengthen that for all the nations involved?
It will indeed.
The AUKUS programme is a good example of how big defence commitments provide not just long-term deterrent commitments to our own security and that of our allies but an important economic boost, showing how defence can be a driver of economic growth.
My hon.