He also referred to the use of our military base, Diego Garcia, for regional security operations, but soon it will not be ours.
Does this kind of action not show why surrendering its sovereignty is so reckless?
Let me finally turn to the subject of the strategic defence review.
It is very concerning that the permanent secretary to the Ministry of Defence told the Public Accounts Committee on Monday:
“it is a strategic defence review that will need to be translated into a set of specific investment decisions in individual capabilities and projects.
That will be work for later in the summer and into the autumn.”
The Secretary of State knows of the need for urgent procurement decisions relating directly to the Houthi threat in the Red sea, not least on upgrades to the Sea Viper system, which we believe must be accelerated.
He also knows that procurement is largely on hold, awaiting the publication of the SDR.
He promised to publish it in the spring; can he confirm that it will definitely be published in May—which is the last month of spring—and, most importantly, can he confirm that in May we will see the full details of all major individual procurement choices, so that the MOD can get on with them as a matter of the utmost urgency?
I welcome the tone and content of the hon.
Gentleman’s response to my statement.
Labour backed the last Government’s strikes against the Houthis and, as he pointed out, the rationale then was the same as the rationale now.
That was a useful contribution to this discussion.
The hon.
Gentleman was right to say that the clear and present threat that the Houthis pose to all nations, including ours and our closest allies, is also the same.
When I was shadow Defence Secretary and responded to what was said by the last Government, I did so as the hon.
Gentleman has responded today, because this is bigger than politics.
It is about freedom of navigation, it is about regional stability, and it is about that most important security relationship that the United Kingdom has with the United States.
The hon.
Gentleman asked me about specific capabilities.
We are now able to plan to provide the best possible kit for our armed forces, because of the historic commitment that the Prime Minister made to the House in February to raise the level of defence spending to 2.5%—three years earlier than the date that was in the hon.
Gentleman’s own unfunded plans—and then to raise it to 3% in the next Parliament.
He asked about the capabilities on some of our naval ships.
When I met the crew of HMS Diamond in the autumn, they demonstrated to me, and described to me in detail, just how exceptional their response to that multiple attack was, and just how effective the weaponry on the ship was at that time.
We are upgrading those ships with a number of capabilities, including DragonFire.
It was the hon.
Gentleman who first talked about that, but we are installing it not on just one ship, as he proposed, but on four; we are installing it sooner than he planned; and we are funding it fully, which he had not done.
The hon.
Gentleman asked about discussions with other nations.
The importance of regional stability, the Houthi threats and the freedom of navigation in the Red sea were discussed by Foreign Ministers at the G7, and have been discussed by NATO Foreign Ministers in  the last month.
The very carrier strike group whose deployment the hon.
Gentleman welcomed last week is multinational by design.
It is designed to exercise together but also, together, to reassert some of the basic principles that last night’s attacks were designed to support, such as the freedom of navigation of our seas.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.