Lady is a London MP, and she will be aware that when London Underground did exactly the same thing for the underground it was deemed a success.
That is why the current Labour Mayor has no plans to reverse it.
The first group I met was that representing disability and access issues, because I wanted to ensure that the reforms best help those individuals.
The aim is to redeploy staff away from the ticket office, where not so many people are seen, to the front of the station where all passengers can access them.
That will particularly benefit those who have accessibility and disability challenges.
I wish the Minister a happy birthday, but may I respectfully bring to his attention the experience shared by Stephen Anderson, who provided evidence to the Transport Committee recently?
He highlighted this issue, and said that if he requires assistance he needs a designated point to approach, rather than having to call out for help on the platform.
In essence, Stephen believes that ticket office closures are merely a means to cut staff.
As a disabled passenger impacted by previous Government policy, Stephen expressed a view echoed by other witnesses, including Baroness Tanni Grey-Thompson.
Does the Minister share their concerns?
I thank my hon.
Friend—I enjoy all the work that I do with him.
I take the point that he makes with regard to Stephen, but I passionately believe that the best help that anyone can give in a rail station is through personal interaction.
That is difficult when somebody is behind a glass screen, because they are not able to exit that point and go and help.
It was striking that the recent report on accessibility by the Office of Rail and Road showed that demand for passenger assist  at stations had increased by 68%.
On that basis, and because fewer people are now purchasing tickets from the ticket office—only one in 10—it surely makes sense to put the staff out on the platforms where they can be accessed, and where they can help and reassure people and give them more assistance.
Halifax ticket office is facing closure.
We know that one in six journeys on Northern are purchased at a ticket office, which is higher than the national average.
There might be more of a case for closing ticket offices if there was not near constant chaos on rail networks in the north.
Pretty relentless cancelled and delayed services are not uncommon, with the fragmentation of the tickets on offer resulting in everybody having questions about what service they can get on and when.
Why on earth are the Government allowing the closure of the ticket offices?
This is ultimately a matter for the train operators, but they have taken the view that their staff can be better redeployed across the station concourse platform and barrier, accessing 100% of passengers, rather than the 10% nationally who purchase their tickets from a ticket office.
Effectively, this is the railway catching up with the change in passenger behaviour and demand.
I very much hope that in Halifax there will be a better service as a result.
Some train operators are looking to turn currently unstaffed stations into staffed stations by redeploying, and I again give the commitment from the train operators that no currently staffed station will become unstaffed as a result of these changes.
I gently say to the Minister that Chorley matters to me; its ticket office is open all day, but the proposal is to have somebody available from nine to four, which is half the time.
Please do take this up for people with disabilities, rightly, but don’t forget that what you are being told is not the case.
What recent steps he has taken with Cabinet colleagues to reduce disruption caused by roadworks.
What recent steps he has taken with Cabinet colleagues to reduce disruption caused by roadworks.