I call the SNP spokesperson.
In answer to my written question, it was confirmed that active travel was down to just 1% of departmental spending last year—but that is positively lavish compared with 0.4% this year and 0.5% next year.
The Scottish Government will spend £320 million—10% of their transport budget—which is greater than the active travel budget for the whole of England.
Will the Minister urgently review active travel spend to ensure that the poorest, who rely more on walking and wheeling to get around, are not disproportionately impacted during this Tory cost of living crisis?
The fact of the matter is, through both covid and the Barnett formula, the Scottish Government have been funded at levels that vastly exceed those available in England.
If one is a Herefordian, as I am, one looks with astonishment at the increased levels of spending north of the border and wishes that, in many ways, a similar rural landscape such as our own were supported as well as that.
Whether he has had recent discussions with relevant stakeholders on proposals for funding the expansion of Heathrow airport.
The answer is no.
Well, that answer was succinct, if nothing else.
The Minister will know that a new chief executive has been appointed at Heathrow Airport Ltd, and he will inevitably meet that chief executive.
When he does, will he take him through the costings of any road and rail infrastructure associated with the proposed development of a third runway?
Heathrow has offered £2 billion to cover the cost.
The Government’s airports commission calculated the cost at £5 billion, but we now believe that, because of the tunnelling under the M25 and the road links and rail links—in particular, the rail links for western and southern access—the cost of the scheme could be between £10 billion and £20 billion.
Will he make it clear to the chief executive of Heathrow that not a penny of taxpayers’ money will go into subsidising the profits of the overseas owners of Heathrow?
It appears that the right hon.
Gentleman knows a lot more about this than I do.
Any expansion of Heathrow is a matter for it, as he will know.
If that is financed, it will be by private finance for what is a private sector project.
The Department has no position on this matter, because at some point the Secretary of State may need to be invited to decide on any development consent order, so we do not take a view.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
While Heathrow and Gatwick set out plans to expand, the Government’s regional airport strategy has been seriously undermined by the—hopefully—temporary closure of Doncaster Sheffield airport.
The Secretary of State has the power to protect the air space around the airport while Doncaster council undertakes negotiations with Peel on the lease.
Will the Secretary of State do that?
We recognise this important issue.
The Secretary of State has had the question put to him by local stakeholders.
He is considering the matter and will respond in due course.
What steps his Department is taking to support local authorities to transition to low-emission buses.
Our policy has been to support the introduction of zero-emission buses, which will reduce emissions, support manufacturing and improve the passenger experience.
The Government are committed to supporting the introduction of 4,000 zero-emission buses and achieving an all zero-emission bus fleet across the UK.
I am pleased to inform the House that since February 2020, an estimated 4,200 zero-emission buses have been funded across the UK, including Scotland, of which 1,600 are on the road.
Lothian Buses, which covers my constituency, has removed 15,000 tonnes of carbon dioxide from its footprint, including by introducing several electric buses.
Together with the tram and the low-emission zone, that is helping to reduce pollution, particularly in Corstorphine, which has one of the worst air pollution records in the country.