Could more consideration be given to using recycled materials, such as the plastic manufactured by Polypipe, in the construction of road infrastructure projects to help to achieve our net zero goals?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that question, and it is very interesting to hear about the work of Polypipe.
She will be aware that those decisions are for National Highways as an arm’s length body, but she has put that point on the record in Hansard, and I would be very happy to put the question to National Highways so that it is specifically considered in detail.
Does the Minister have an estimate for the cost of decarbonising our transport system, especially when we factor in the improvements to the national grid for the extra electricity supply?
Will he also look again at reversing the deeply unpopular policy of banning internal combustion engine vehicles from being sold after 2030?
The hon.
Gentleman will be aware that a very wide range of information about potential costs and budgets is already in the public domain from the Department across a very wide range of modes.
On electric vehicles, we have just consulted on regulations on the zero-emission vehicle mandate, and £6 billion of new private investment is being scheduled on the basis of those projections.
That will transform our charging infrastructure, and we should all welcome it.
I call the shadow Minister.
The climate breakdown data coming in from around the planet at the moment is truly terrifying, so decarbonising transport is vital if we are to meet our climate change commitments.
Will the Minister pledge to continue the work laid out just four years ago in the Maritime 2050 strategy, as recommended by the Transport Committee?
The hon.
Gentleman may know that we have just had a very interesting and successful potential negotiation at the International Maritime Organisation.
We take this issue extremely seriously, both as regards the decarbonisation of ports and the creation of green routes and other forms of maritime decarbonisation.
We absolutely are working on this agenda, recognising that it is one of the most difficult areas of all to decarbonise over time.
What progress his Department has made on delivering improvements to the Black Cat roundabout on the A1 in Bedfordshire.
Following the dismissal of the recent judicial review, the A428 Black Cat to Caxton Gibbet scheme is due to begin construction later this year, with the open-for-traffic date planned for 2027.
I thank the Minister for that update.
As he will know, with the closure today of the consultation on suggestions for the next phase of road infrastructure—RIS3, or the third road investment strategy—it makes a lot of sense for the Department to continue the momentum by now looking at alternatives to the three remaining roundabouts on the A1 in my constituency: Sandy, Biggleswade North and Biggleswade South.
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question, and it was a delight to visit some of his constituents not that long ago in Sandy to discuss this and Biggleswade roundabout on a route I use regularly.
We will continue to keep all these schemes for the long-term improvement of our strategic road network under review.
They are very important, particularly when it comes to road safety, and I look forward to having further discussions with him in future.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of changed patterns of rail travel on the planning assumptions for HS2.
Before I answer the right hon.
Gentleman’s question, I hope you will give me permission, Mr Speaker, to inform the House, if it has not already noticed, that HS2 Ltd announced yesterday that Mark Thurston, its chief executive officer, will stand down in September.
I want to thank him on the record, in the House, for his work over the last six years on progressing Britain’s most transformative rail project.