How can the proposals result in anything other than a much worse service for my constituents and other passengers?
Will he ask Northern to rethink?
The train operators’ proposals, as I have stated, are to ensure that ticket office staff can be with members of the public and passengers where they best need them.
It is also undoubtedly the case that some ticket offices are selling just one ticket per hour, so it may well be that train operators are looking at exactly which hours are best attainable.
As I mentioned, there is one particular train operator that is currently looking to staff 18 currently unstaffed stations by spreading and redeploying staff across its network.
I will be having conversations with the train operators as the proposals move along.
I will certainly take forward the hon.
Member’s point and I thank him for his engagement earlier this week on High Speed 2.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
The Minister has managed to unite Labour MPs, his own Back Benchers, you Mr Speaker, disability groups, trade unions and consumer groups in their concern about these closures.
Even former “Pointless” presenter Richard Osman has voiced his concerns.
And it is little wonder, because this consultation is completely pointless.
There are just 21 days for people to voice their concerns, no equality impact assessments, and no answers on job security, accessibility or digital ticketing.
Will the Minister think again, acknowledge the consultation is a sham, pause it and go back to the drawing board?
The consultation is under the ticketing and settlement agreement, which I believe was put in place under the last Labour Government, so I very much believe it is a good and robust process.
It allows for a period of time for members of the public and hon.
Members in this place to give their views on individual stations.
There is then a 35-day period for passenger groups to take them into account, work with the train operators to try to reach an agreement, and ensure that all current accessibility and opportunity requirements are taken into account and maintained.
I fundamentally believe that rather than the railway being stuck in the past, it needs to adapt and change in the manner that its passengers are.
If one in 10 passengers are operating the booking office purchase system, that means that 90% of passengers are not seeing a member of staff.
That member of staff can look after them, give them information, make them feel more reassured and assist them on to the train.
That is a modern railway in action.
What steps he is taking to decarbonise transport infrastructure.
All transport infrastructure projects delivered by the Department’s arm’s length bodies are required to undertake whole-life carbon assessments and set carbon reduction targets as part of their business cases.
National Highways, HS2 Ltd and Network Rail have already set out ambitious plans for achieving net zero and we are supporting them in their delivery.
Through the Live Labs 2 competition, we awarded £30 million of funding to seven new regional projects to boost innovation in decarbonising highways infrastructure.
I recently visited Polypipe in my constituency, which designs, develops and manufactures thermoplastic piping systems from recycled material for civil and infrastructure projects.
I understand that the Government and National Highways tend to favour the use of concrete to make ducting for cables over plastic for the road network, despite it being weaker, less resilient and worse for the environment.
Could more consideration be given to using recycled materials, such as the plastic manufactured by Polypipe, in the construction of road infrastructure projects to help to achieve our net zero goals?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that question, and it is very interesting to hear about the work of Polypipe.