That is something that President Zelensky understands and appreciates, and over the course of the two days, it was crystal clear that there is an incredibly strong feeling among all alliance members to support Ukraine on that journey as quickly as practically possible.
I welcome the Prime Minister’s statement.
I returned from Ukraine in the last few days, where I was quite close to the frontline working with a charity.
The one thing that I must tell the Prime Minister is that the people of Ukraine are enormously grateful for the leadership that he and the UK have shown within NATO.
They never stop telling us how much they welcome the UK’s leadership in this matter.
While I was there, the Ukrainians were very clear that in their assaults, their biggest problem is that they are losing many men trying to clear the minefields.
They do not have the right equipment; in fact, at night, they go forward with bayonets trying to get to the mines—it is shocking to see.
I urge the Prime Minister, if at all possible, to make it a priority to talk to the US Government and try to get them to release the right equipment that would allow the Ukrainians to make those assaults in the right way, not losing so many lives.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for all his commitment, and indeed for his personal visits to Ukraine to see at first hand what is happening and how best we can tailor our support.
He is right about the mines that have been left by the Russian armies—it is a considerable effort to have them cleared.
I want to reassure him that we are in close communication with the Ukrainian military about exactly what capabilities and equipment it needs to clear minefields and support its armed forces as they make progress.
We will continue to have that conversation and work with allies to get it all the kit it needs.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, and I associate myself with the Prime Minister and the Leader of the Opposition’s strong support for Ukraine.
Slava Ukraini.
This Government’s defence Command Paper will be published next week, I believe.
Given events in Ukraine, what lessons has the Ministry of Defence learned about modern urban warfare, and how will that feed into operational strategy?
I recall the former Prime Minister saying at the Liaison Committee just before the war:
“We have to recognise that the old concepts of fighting big tank battles on the European landmass…are over”.
He then proceeded to cut our tank numbers—how wrong he was.
Is the Department considering future opportunities for defence co-operation with the EU that are complementary to NATO?
There is less than a week left until the expiration of the deal allowing Ukrainian grain exports via the Black sea—this is very important, so I hope the Prime Minister is listening.
Can he speak to the discussions that were had at the summit to ensure the continuation of the  current deal, which is vital for Ukraine’s remaining economy and for global food security?
What steps has the Department taken, and what steps will it take, to improve the UK’s military partnership with Finland in the period since it joined NATO, and are there plans to do the same with Sweden?
Given recent reports of Russian spying on and sabotage of energy infrastructure in the North sea, and the fact that the UK’s undersea cables are worth £7.4 trillion a day to the economy, what will the UK be contributing to NATO’s establishment of its critical undersea infrastructure co-ordination cell, and will it be based in Scotland?
My hon.
Friend and leader  the Member for Aberdeen South (Stephen Flynn)  raised with the Prime Minister previously that some nations are continuing to use products from Russian oil.
Did he pursue that further?
Is it his impression there is genuine unity on proposed reconstruction efforts in Ukraine?