Before I answer the right hon.
Gentleman’s question, I hope you will give me permission, Mr Speaker, to inform the House, if it has not already noticed, that HS2 Ltd announced yesterday that Mark Thurston, its chief executive officer, will stand down in September.
I want to thank him on the record, in the House, for his work over the last six years on progressing Britain’s most transformative rail project.
He successfully oversaw the start of construction, and he ensured that HS2 has created tens of thousands of skilled jobs and apprenticeships across the country.
The Government and I are grateful for his exemplary service.
To answer the right hon.
Gentleman’s question, HS2 is a railway for the country’s long-term prosperity, and it is already bringing significant economic benefits to his constituents in the west midlands, where businesses have already won £1.7 billion-worth of work delivering HS2.
I thank the Secretary of State for that waffle.
I actually asked him about the basic planning assumptions for this project, because the ongoing case for HS2 would have had to be based on estimates of future passenger numbers, particularly for business travel and inter-city commuting.
Following the pandemic, we all know there has been a major change because of video conferencing and working from home.
What are his Department’s latest projections of inter-city passenger numbers, and how do they affect the viability of the HS2 project, quite apart from the escalating construction costs?
Will he publish those figures?
I think the right hon.
Gentleman fundamentally misunderstands.
First, HS2 is a railway for the coming decades, not for the next few years.
What happened during the pandemic should not affect the case for HS2.
Also, he assumes that business travellers are the only people who will use HS2.
It is true that business and commuter traffic is down following the pandemic, but we have seen leisure services rebound very strongly, with passenger numbers higher than they were pre-pandemic.
When I was in Japan recently, I saw that high-speed trains are not only used by business users; they are used by everyone who uses the railway.
HS2 will free up enormous capacity for the right hon.
Gentleman’s constituents on the west coast main line, and it will get more freight off the roads and on to our rail network.
He should welcome all those things.
What steps he is taking to improve rail services.
Earlier this year, I set out my vision to modernise the railway industry as part of my Bradshaw address.
This includes ambitions for a customer-focused, commercially led rail industry and the creation of Great British Railways as its new guiding mind.
We continue to invest record sums in improving infrastructure and, just last week, I was pleased to officially open the latest phase of the south-west rail resilience programme at Dawlish, part of a £165 million investment to date, which I know the hon.
Gentleman is about to welcome.
The Secretary of State is right that I welcome the programme.
This week, the charity Devon in Sight sent an email to its supporters, including me, titled, “Proposed closures to Railway Ticket Offices.”
The email about the consultation was short:
“Please find attached a letter from us detailing how you can make an objection.”
Why does the Secretary of State suppose that a Devon charity that looks out for blind people should presume that its supporters would want to object?
I am not entirely certain exactly what the hon.
Gentleman is asking.
The rail Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bexhill and Battle (Huw Merriman) , set out the purpose of the rail companies’ proposals very well.
The rail companies are consulting on the proposals, the purpose of which is to recognise the changed reality that most passengers purchase their tickets either online or from a ticket machine, and most of them do not go near a ticket office.