Sarah from my office thinks he looks no older than 25; I may not always agree with her on that one.
One of my constituents, who works at a local station, reached out to me last week with concerns about the Department’s plans.
In the email, my constituent said:
“By closing the ticket office, you take away a focal point of contact.
How is someone in need going to find me on a station that is as big and spread-out as ours?”
Can the Minister reassure us both that those who need assistance will be able to locate staff easily?
There is no better place to celebrate my half century than this place, with friends and even greater colleagues.
I thank my hon.
Friend—and I thank his constituent—for the work he performs at Berkhamsted and Tring stations.
These stations, along with another 51 stations, will be getting pay-as-you-go by the end of the year.
We know that 90% of transactions are completed outside ticket offices, and this shift tends to increase for stations that operate pay-as-you-go.
He asked about ensuring that staff at ticket barriers are easily identifiable.
I believe that is the case, and we will certainly make sure, as these reforms are rolled out by train operators, that it continues to be the case.
The proposals from train operators are aimed at redeploying ticket office staff to parts of the station where all passengers will access them and see them.
Will my hon.
Friend confirm when my constituents will be able to access the tap-in and tap-out service from the stations in my constituency at Laindon, Basildon, East Tilbury, Pitsea and Stanford-le-Hope?
Yes, I can.
I thank my hon.
Friend for the work he has done in ensuring that part of the roll-out of the 53 includes four of his stations.
I can confirm that we are on track to get those delivered by the end of the year.
Across the rail network, that will take us to more than 400 stations with pay-as-you-go.
I thank the Government for expanding the pay-as-you-go scheme to stations in the Windsor constituency, which means that people can quickly tap in and tap out when they commute.
It strikes me that people are under increasing financial pressure during these difficult times, so will the Minister confirm that it is the Government’s intention to roll the scheme out further afield, and that people travelling in that way will get the best available fare?
Yes, and I thank my hon.
Friend for the work he put into ensuring that his constituency station at Windsor is part of that.
I can give him that assurance.
As well as providing seamless tap-in, tap-out payments, fares will be simplified so that most adult passengers can be confident that pay-as-you-go will be the best price for them on the day of travel.
Many of my constituents in Battersea are concerned about the Government’s plans to close ticket offices at Wandsworth Town and Clapham Junction.
Those closures will have a severe negative impact on disabled people, including blind and partially sighted people, and their ability to book assistance, buy tickets, or use the rail network.
Only 3% of those with sight loss said that they can use a ticket machine, and nearly two-thirds said that it would be impossible.
Will the Minister set out what assessment has been made on the impact of those closures, and will he publish it?
The hon.
Lady is a London MP, and she will be aware that when London Underground did exactly the same thing for the underground it was deemed a success.
That is why the current Labour Mayor has no plans to reverse it.
The first group I met was that representing disability and access issues, because I wanted to ensure that the reforms best help those individuals.