Friend for his work in this area and across a number of areas in transport.
We are looking in depth at driver welfare, including providing extra lorry parks and more secure facilities, and grants are due to be announced in the summer.
Can I ask the roads Minister about the lower Thames crossing project?
In particular, what steps is the DFT taking to ensure that companies such as Murphy Group respect basic workers’ rights to join a trade union when bidding for major transport contracts?
The Minister of State, Department for Transport, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Hereford and South Herefordshire (Jesse Norman) , who is the Minister for the future of transport, met Murphy Group this week.[Official Report,  17 July 2023 , Vol.
736, c. 9MC.]
The Government remain committed to the lower Thames crossing as part of the responsible decisions taken to help meet inflationary pressures and balance the nation’s books.
We will be rephasing construction on the LTC by two years, as this will allow more time to take into account stakeholder views and to ensure that there remains an effective and deliverable plan that is in the best interests of taxpayers.
The roads Minister will know that the proposed £40-million junction 10A on the A14 at Kettering is crucial for the future prosperity of the town.
Can he assure me that National Highways is working expeditiously with the Hanwood Park developer and North Northamptonshire Council to ensure that the project is delivered as soon as possible after 2025?
I can provide my hon.
Friend with that assurance.
Having visited his constituency and met him near the project, I know how important it is to him.
National Highways is working to do everything possible to see the project come to delivery.
The buses Minister assured me a couple of months ago that he was prepared to work with the West of England Combined Authority to ensure “maximum flexibility” in how bus funding could be spent, but I am still struggling to find out how we can get the funding to reinstate commercially non-profitable but essential buses.
Will he meet me so that we can try to get to the bottom of it?
I would be delighted to meet the hon.
Lady.
I met recently with the West of England metro Mayor, who has had £21 million in BSIP funding, which we have made more flexible.
To date, he has looked at schemes including the birthday month travel scheme.
I can see that she might not be as interested in that as some of her hon.
Friends, but I would be delighted to meet her to discuss what more flexibility we could introduce to preserve buses in her constituency.
Following his recent meeting with Transport for London about its finances, can my hon.
Friend update me on what financial modelling it has done on the impact of extending the ultra low emission zone and what account it has taken of the impact should that not go ahead?
I met the acting chief financial officer and Seb Dance, the deputy Mayor for transport, yesterday.
They informed me that the Mayor of London, in anticipation of falling revenues from ULEZ in the next few years, had asked them to investigate the technicalities of introducing road charging across London in the future.
Last year, Shropshire missed out on bus back better funding, despite having some of the worst services in the country.
That funding was hugely scaled back on a national level.
Will the Minister commit to reinstating some kind of funding to give rural places the bus services they need?
I have been looking into all bus funding across the country.
The hon.
Lady will know that Shropshire Council has had around £1.5 million of BSIP plus funding.
On cross-border services, I have been working closely with my hon.