Friend for his question.
When a person disposing of their vehicle notifies the DVLA that they no longer have the vehicle, they are removed from the record and the DVLA writes to them.
If the customer continues to receive correspondence relating to motor vehicle offences, they should contact the DVLA as soon as possible confirming that they are no longer the keeper of the vehicle in question.
If he has any constituents with any particular issues, I would be delighted to take them up and look at them as soon  as possible.
Can I go back to the astonishingly feeble answer from the Minister of State, the right hon.
Member for Hereford and South Herefordshire (Jesse Norman), about Heathrow, which is a major international hub, a major export centre, the biggest single site employer, with, I am pleased to say, a well-organised union workforce, and vital for west London?
How can the Government not have a view or a policy on this vital national infrastructure, or is it just another case of they haven’t got a clue?
I know that the right hon.
Gentleman likes to hear from me, so I will answer this question.
He can then think of a way of insulting whatever I say in response.
The point that my right hon.
Friend was making is that any proposal for a third runway at Heathrow will be a private sector proposal from that airport and, as last time, we would expect it to be funded by the airport.
He knows that, if it brings forward such a proposal, the Government would have to take a quasi-judicial planning decision, which is why it is important that I do not take a pre-judged position so I can take that quasi-judicial decision appropriately.
At the moment, however, we have not seen such a proposal from Heathrow.
If it has one in due course, we will respond accordingly.
Despite billions being invested in buses across the country and £31.7 million going specifically into Stoke-on-Trent, First Bus continues to cut routes, harming 21-year-old carers such as Charlie Preston in Chell who may now have to quit her job.
This Government have done their bit—is it not time that First Bus does its bit?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
I was delighted to visit Stoke with him and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Stoke-on-Trent South (Jack Brereton)  to see what is going on.
I urge the council to use that flexibility to work with First Bus to deliver a solution for all his constituents.
We have put that flexibility in there and I hope that it uses it to protect his constituents.
The Government’s response to the Transport Committee’s report on the integrated rail plan was published at midnight, and the terms of reference for the study on the high-speed rail link to Leeds are expected imminently.
Will the rail Minister tell us what this will mean for the railways in Yorkshire?
I thank the hon.
Member for all his work in this regard, and he is absolutely right.
With regard to Bradford, the Transport Committee’s report made a recommendation that better station options should be considered under the integrated rail plan.
That work with Bradford will now commence to try to find a better station option and to improve transport links for the city.
With regard to Leeds, the station capacity can be looked at and potentially unlocked, and the HS2 route options all the way up from Sheffield to Leeds will also be part of that study.
After much lobbying, I too am very pleased to hear that the Government have announced that the integrated rail plan will be reviewed and a new station could be considered in Bradford.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss this important issue, and will he prioritise the project so that we can move at speed, because it will bring better connectivity and economic prosperity to not only Bradford but Keighley?