The hon.
Lady will know that Shropshire Council has had around £1.5 million of BSIP plus funding.
On cross-border services, I have been working closely with my hon.
Friend  the Member for Clwyd South (Simon Baynes) , who is doing a huge amount of work in this area, particularly between Shropshire and Wales.
Before I call the Prime Minister, may I say how pleased I am to see him in the House?
I hope we will see more statements made in the House first.
I am sure we can work together on that.
Mr Speaker, I have just returned from the NATO summit in Vilnius, where we strengthened the NATO alliance and confirmed Britain’s place at its heart.
Faced with a more volatile and dangerous world, a mechanised war in Europe and increasing aggression from authoritarian states, we must show those who would challenge our security and prosperity that NATO is united, that it is ready for this new era and that it will remain the most successful alliance in history.
Together with our allies, that is exactly what we did, in three specific ways.
First, we acted decisively to strengthen the alliance.
We agreed the most fundamental transformation to NATO’s readiness since the cold war.
That includes comprehensive war-fighting plans to defend the UK and its allies, scaled-up defence production to boost our stockpiles, which will benefit British industry and jobs, and increased defence spending.
All allies made
“an enduring commitment to invest at least 2%”
of GDP.
The Vilnius summit also saw NATO’s membership expand.
We welcomed Finland to the table as a NATO member and ensured that Sweden will follow close behind.
The historic decision of our Finnish and Swedish friends to join NATO would have been almost unthinkable just a year and a half ago, but Putin’s aggression made it almost inevitable.
Where he sought to make us weaker, he has achieved the opposite.
We are stronger than ever with these new allies by our side.
Secondly, we acted to increase our support for Ukraine.
Let us never forget what Ukraine is going through.
Over 500 days of war, Ukrainians have experienced untold suffering, the likes of which no NATO country has suffered since its inception.
I know the whole House will join me in paying tribute to the Ukrainian people and to their incredible spirit and fortitude.
They are still standing strong and defiant, and the counter-offensive is making progress.
In the last few weeks, they have taken back more ground than Russia has taken in the last year.
We are standing with them, and allies are doubling down in their support.
This is not just about NATO.
At the Munich security conference in February, I called for long-term security arrangements to protect Ukraine, re-establish deterrence in Europe and break the cycle of Russian violence.
And now allies have delivered.
Yesterday, the G7 leaders came together to sign the joint declaration of support for Ukraine, agreeing to provide the long-term bilateral security commitments that Ukraine needs and deserves.
Those commitments mark a new high point in international support for Ukraine, and more allies will be signing up to add their support.
But let me be clear: that is not a substitute for NATO membership.
We took a big step in Vilnius towards bringing Ukraine into the alliance.
The summit communiqué echoed the UK’s long-held position that
“Ukraine’s future is in NATO.”
Of course, there is more work to be done, but we have shortened Ukraine’s path to membership, removing the need for a membership action plan, and holding the first meeting of the NATO-Ukraine council with President Zelensky sitting at the table, by our side, as an equal.
As President Zelensky said, the summit was
“a very much needed and meaningful success for Ukraine.”
Thirdly, we showed in Vilnius that the UK remains a driving force behind this alliance.