I thank my right hon.
Friend for his statement, and congratulate him on contributing to what I think history will prove to have been one of the most significant summits in NATO’s history.
Will he clarify what he understands is the intention with regard to Ukraine’s membership of NATO?
What would be the purpose of delaying Ukraine’s membership beyond the end of hostilities in Ukraine and the victory for the Ukrainians?
Without the article 5 security guarantee, rebuilding Ukraine will be much more difficult, because investors will not have confidence unless we are providing that security guarantee.
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
In the interests of time, I might point him in the direction of the Secretary-General’s press conference from the day before yesterday, which explained—in more detail than I have time for now—the process and how this has been done previously.
As he pointed out, accession to NATO has never been a question of timing; it has always been a question of conditions and circumstances.
My hon.
Friend will be familiar with the fact that there is an ongoing conflict.
There are also requirements on all NATO members when it comes to areas such as modernisation, governance and interoperability, which Ukraine is now firmly on the path towards fulfilling, not least because of the help and support that we have provided over the past year.
I agree with my hon.
Friend that history will judge this to be one of the most significant NATO summits.
There was the significant change in the defence investment pledge, so 2% is now firmly established as a floor, not a ceiling.
There was the most comprehensive update to NATO’s war fighting plans in decades, if not since the end of the cold war, and they are remarkable in their breadth and significance.
There was the accession of new members—Finland, and Sweden to follow.
Lastly, there was the move on membership for Ukraine.
Taken together, that represents a significant set of NATO achievements, sitting alongside the multilateral security guarantees.
As my hon.
Friend says, it has been an historic and very important couple of days.
I hope that in his reply the Prime Minister will help clarify that it is we who owe gratitude to Ukraine, not the other way round.
Will he update the House on plans not simply to help Ukraine win the war, but to win the peace?
The reconstruction of Ukraine will cost at least $400 billion, and Russia should be helping to foot the bill.
That means we need new laws to seize, not simply freeze, assets.
It means we need action at the United Nations to change the norms around immunity of central banks.
Crucially,  it means we need to start prosecuting Russia for the crime of aggression.
That will require us to mobilise not simply a military NATO, but an economic NATO.
Will the Prime Minister update us on the conversations that he has had to make that a reality?
As the right hon.
Gentleman knows, we have recently hosted the Ukraine recovery conference, for which the Ukrainian Government and people are extremely grateful.
It was the most successful conference of its ilk that has happened, raising more than $60 billion for Ukraine’s reconstruction and mobilising private sector capital, as is necessary.
It was seen as a significant achievement and the UK leading from the front.
With regard to assets, I point him to a good couple of paragraphs in the NATO communiqué.
All allies are taking steps, as are we, to legally freeze assets until suitable reparations from Russia have been put in place for reconstruction.
He will understand that the international framework for doing so is untested and novel.
It requires co-operation among allies, and that co-operation and work is happening.
Further to the question from  the right hon.