We were the first country in the world to train Ukrainian troops, the first in Europe to provide lethal weapons, the first to commit tanks and the first to provide long-range missiles.
Now, we are at the forefront of the coalition to equip the Ukrainian air force, with Ukrainian pilots starting their training here in just a few weeks’ time.
We do all of this because it is right, because it protects our values and our interests, because it keeps our people and our allies safe, and because, quite simply, it is who we are as a country.
We were there at the start of the NATO alliance, and this week we have shown once again that we remain at its heart, leading it into the future.
I commend this statement to the House.
I call the Leader of the Opposition.
I thank the Prime Minister for an advance copy of his statement.
It is over 500 days since Putin’s barbaric war in Ukraine began.
Putin believed the west was too divided to act in our common interest and too corrupted to stand up for what was right.
He was wrong.
NATO nations continue to stand united—united in our collective support for President Zelensky, and united in our belief that victory will come to the Ukrainian people.
And so too, across this House, we remain steadfast and determined to show that whatever our differences, we will stand up to Putin’s aggression, and we stand ready to pursue him for his crimes.
Labour’s commitment to NATO is unshakeable.
It is an achievement of this party and a cornerstone of British security for 74 years.
I therefore welcome the progress made in Vilnius this week, in particular the commitment to strengthen the collective defence of this continent.
Regional plans, greater intelligence co-operation and improved readiness—this will put us all on a better footing to react quickly to modern threats.
The new defence production action plan will help us build a robust and resilient defence sector, not only to develop the munitions and hardware needed to support Ukraine’s war efforts but to strengthen our own defence capabilities.
I also welcome the announcement that G7 members will provide wide-ranging and long-term security commitments with Ukraine.
This is a crucial signal to Putin and those who back him that our support for Ukraine will not waver.
We must continue to show that his illegal invasion will end in defeat and that it will only make NATO a stronger alliance.
That is why this House should celebrate the historic decision by NATO nations to welcome Sweden into the alliance.
Sweden will be a strong addition to NATO, and its membership, along with the recent accession of Finland, shows once again that rather than divide and weaken Europe, Putin’s war has only strengthened our collective resolve.
NATO has never been stronger.
I understand the decision by leaders not to set a timetable for Ukraine’s membership of NATO, but I also support the clear declaration that Ukraine’s future lies within the alliance.
Our military assistance for Ukraine has Labour’s total backing, but so too does Ukraine’s long-term aim to join NATO.
It fights on the frontline of European freedom, so it is important that we are clear to the people of Ukraine who fight so bravely for their future that the question is not if Ukraine joins NATO, but when Ukraine joins NATO.
Finally, it is important we are clear that even if there is a change of Government in the UK, there will never be a change in Britain’s resolve, no change in our  support for Ukraine and no change in our commitment to the security of Britain and our allies.
At moments like this, this House tends to acknowledge this unity and understand that our words carry weight beyond these shores; we choose them wisely.