Active Travel England is helping local authorities to deliver the greatest possible value for money in that investment by ensuring that relevant schemes comply with the guidance.
It is also ensuring that any active travel schemes funded by the Department are of the highest quality.
In 2022, the Minister’s Department said:
“Increasing walking and cycling can make life easier and more convenient for people, whilst helping to tackle some of the most challenging issues we face as a society—improving health and wellbeing, improving air quality, combatting climate change and tackling congestion on our roads.”
His Department’s data confirms all that, including the role that low-traffic neighbourhoods play in all this.
Now the Secretary of State has boasted that he has stopped funding for future LTNs as part of the two-thirds cut in active travel, which the local authorities do not have the money to build back up, due to the cuts they have had.
Why are the Government pandering to the Twitter warriors and not the data and those in their own party who support investment in active travel?
I find that surprising, if I may say so, because this Government are not only investing, but seeking to reduce any possibility of conflict between drivers of cars and cyclists.
I do not think the hon.
Lady should disagree with policies that are designed to reduce that conflict.
What we want to see is more choice for people in how they travel.
Inevitably, many and increasing numbers of people want to use active travel, because of all its health and environmental advantages.
While we all want to encourage and give people the freedom to travel how they wish, including by walking or cycling, will the Minister confirm that the Government are 100% not anti-car, that they will allow people the freedom to travel when they want, where they want, in their own vehicles, and indeed that blanket 20 mph zones, where congestion builds up, are not good for anyone in local communities?
We are respectful of decisions made locally by local authorities, but he is absolutely right that, as I said, we are seeking to promote choice.
That approach does mean that where people want to use cars, they will be perfectly able to do so, and where they want to use active travel, with all its personal and environmental benefits, they can do that as well.
I call the shadow Minister.
One of the most effective ways to increase active travel uptake is to improve road safety, but progress in this area has stagnated: the last Labour Government cut road fatalities by almost 50%, compared with a mere 8% reduction under this Conservative Government.
Back in 2021, Ministers promised a new road safety strategic framework, but two years and two Secretaries of State later all we have been told is that it will be published in due course.
Meanwhile, countless people remain hesitant to embrace active travel due to safety concerns.
Will the Minister move beyond the soundbites and provide some much needed clarity on when the strategy will finally see the light of day?
We take safety extremely seriously and have done a lot of work on this issue over the years.
The whole point of having dedicated active travel infrastructure on the scale that it is being rolled out at the moment is to segregate and improve safety for those using active travel.
I am sure that the hon.
Lady will welcome the excellent work done on connected and autonomous vehicles, because they offer a potentially revolutionary improvement in safety over time.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
In answer to my written question, it was confirmed that active travel was down to just 1% of departmental spending last year—but that is positively lavish compared with 0.4% this year and 0.5% next year.
The Scottish Government will spend £320 million—10% of their transport budget—which is greater than the active travel budget for the whole of England.