The rail Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bexhill and Battle (Huw Merriman) , set out the purpose of the rail companies’ proposals very well.
The rail companies are consulting on the proposals, the purpose of which is to recognise the changed reality that most passengers purchase their tickets either online or from a ticket machine, and most of them do not go near a ticket office.
It is about getting the staff out of offices and into the station, so they can support all passengers, including those who are older or disabled and who need assistance, rather than having them stuck in a ticket office.
That is the point of the proposals, and there will be a detailed consultation.
I am sure the hon.
Gentleman will respond to the consultation, which the rail companies can take into account as they pursue their proposals.
Whether he plans to exempt fishermen on vessels below 10 metres from medical certificate requirements.
The requirement for people working at sea to have a medical fitness certificate applies to vessels of every size, in every other commercial sector.
However, Ministers are listening carefully to the views of colleagues across the House on the best way to progress this issue and I look forward to the hon.
Lady’s follow-up question.
There is real anxiety up and down the country among fishermen as a result of the Government’s policy, which is seen to be expensive and onerous.
My constituent Bob is one of those fishermen who has worked on fishing vessels his whole life.
I am pleased to hear that the Secretary of State is listening carefully.
I hope he will meet fishing representatives to hear their concerns.
Either I or the maritime Minister will be pleased to do that.
I hope I can reassure the hon.
Member’s constituent that, of the 99 cases that have been through the MCA’s medical assessors, no fisherman has been failed, except one who did not provide the evidence required.
She will also know that there are grandfather provisions for those fisherman already in the industry if they obtain their medical certificate before  30 November , and I urge them to do so.
If she writes to either me or the maritime Minister, I will make sure that one of us meets her and her constituents.
What steps he is taking to improve railway infrastructure.
We continue to invest in upgrading the railways across England and Wales, with a budget of about £2 billion a year, including opening five new stations and two new lines in the past three years.
In the north-east, the Government are investing in Darlington station, the Northumberland line and the east coast main line upgrade.
I thank the Minister for his answer, but the most critical rail infrastructure needed in the north-east by far is the Leamside line project, starting with Ferryhill station.
Its importance cannot be overstated; it is about resilience, capacity and levelling up.
Can he tell us when we will get spades in the ground to show our commitment to constituents in Ferryhill and let them see the economic benefit that these stations will bring?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend, who is a champion of rail in the north-east.
I thank him for his long-standing support for this scheme and for sponsoring the bid for restoring your railway ideas funding to reopen a station at Ferryhill.
The updated strategic outline business case for the Ferryhill-Middlesbrough proposal is with the Department and we will be looking at it shortly.
Railway ticket offices are essential railway infrastructure.