When will the Government bring forward price stability plans for sustainable aviation fuels, which everyone bar the Treasury knows has to happen?
On the hon.
Member’s first point, the work on airspace modernisation is under way, as he knows.
On his second point, this Government are leading the progress on sustainable aviation fuels worldwide.
We published the new report, which set out some clear plans, and we published our response to it.
We are taking that forward and we are at the leading edge of this work globally, setting the agenda, as I hope he would welcome.
I call the Chair of the Transport Committee.
As we approach the end of the school year, many families will be looking forward to setting off on their summer holidays, but there are concerns that industrial action in Europe will lead to flight cancellations and delays.
People will also be mindful of the disruption at our ports and airports in recent times.
What assurance can the Secretary of State give me and those families that the system will be resilient to ensure that they can get away?
I am sure that my hon.
Friend’s question was prompted by one airline making some modest changes to its flight schedule during the summer.
No other  airline has indicated to the Department that it will be cancelling flights ahead of the summer.
We will continue to engage with airlines on that matter.
The Aviation Minister is meeting with the chief executive officer of EasyJet later today to discuss its announcement.
My team is meeting with the CEO of National Air Traffic Services to get an update on its operational readiness.
We have already worked with the aviation industry to make sure that, this year, it is prepared for the busy summer period so that we avoid the problems that we had last year.
We have received appropriate assurances, but I hope that we can reassure those whom my hon.
Friend referred to in his question.
I call Christine Jardine.
Thank you very much, Mr Speaker.
I promise that I will not ask for multiple answers—
Order.
Can Members please observe the proceedings?
It is important.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
I promise that I will only ask for one answer this time.
Without a price stability mechanism for sustainable aviation fuel, which will be crucial in bringing down our carbon footprint, the UK risks falling behind the SAF mandate by 2030.
A homegrown sustainable aviation fuel industry could contribute £2 billion a year to this economy.
In order for that to happen—
Order.
Make a guess at that, Minister.
I am not going through another five minutes.
All right.
I think I know what the hon.
Lady was driving at on that question.
We said in response to the new report that we would continue to talk to the industry and, if required, consult on a mechanism—an industry-funded mechanism.
That work is under way, but we continue to have the ambition to get those SAF plants developed in this country and I am glad that she supports that work.
What can the Government do about the Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency and the police chasing drivers who have correctly sent in their forms after they have disposed of a vehicle and who then get notices of intended prosecution for a vehicle that they no longer own when they have done the right thing?
It seems to turn on its head the principle of innocence.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his question.
When a person disposing of their vehicle notifies the DVLA that they no longer have the vehicle, they are removed from the record and the DVLA writes to them.
If the customer continues to receive correspondence relating to motor vehicle offences, they should contact the DVLA as soon as possible confirming that they are no longer the keeper of the vehicle in question.