Friend the roads Minister.
Between the M42 and M6, the A5 is a key artery for business and motorists and, as he says, it is integral to local growth plans.
National Highways continues to develop options to upgrade the route, as part of the pipeline of its potential future schemes, including considering measures that address stretches of the route where safety issues are of greatest concern, such as the pinch points that he talks about.
Outputs from that work will feed into priorities for future investment strategies.
I call the shadow Secretary of State for Transport.
Does the Secretary of State think it is acceptable that the villages of Little Ouseburn and Beal, in the Selby and Ainsty constituency, have no bus service either in the evenings or on Sundays?
Who does he hold responsible for that?
Is it the Tory Government, which completely snubbed Selby and Ainsty in their bus strategy, the Tory council, which cut 1 million km of subsidised bus routes, or the previous Tory MP, who mentioned buses just three times in over 13 years?
Does he not agree that it is time for Selby and Ainsty to have a fresh start, with Keir Mather?
It will not surprise you, Mr Speaker, that I do not think that at all.
North Yorkshire Council, the local transport authority for Selby, was allocated £1.4 million as part of the bus service improvement plan plus funding.
That means it has the resources to deliver the ambitions plans that it needs to carry out.
On her second point, I think Claire Holmes, who is deeply rooted in Yorkshire and has lived there for her entire life, is the best candidate.
I was there last week, delivering leaflets for her, and I will be there later today.
She will make a fantastic Member of Parliament and I look forward to welcoming her to the House.
rose—
Order.
I gently say to the Secretary of State, which Back Bencher does he not want me to take?
He can point them out and it will make my job much easier, if we are going to take so long.
When the Secretary of State made his remarks earlier about the sudden resignation of the chief executive of HS2 from his £660,000 a year job, did he take into account the fact that the project is delayed by at least five years and that the costs have quadrupled?
Will he also take into account the fact that the cost plus basis of contracts is now one of the main reasons for the increased costs?
Order.
It is topicals.
You know better than anyone, Sir Christopher, as an experienced gentleman.
It is not a sudden leaving of his job—the chief executive has announced that he is going to go in September.
We have a clear plan in place: the experienced chair of HS2 will step up to be executive chairman for the period while we are searching for a successor, so the leadership of the organisation will be in hand.
As I said, Mark Thurston has done a very good job in getting the organisation into delivery of phase 1, and he himself has said he wants to hand over at this point to enable continuity as the project moves into the next phase of delivery.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
Scots are used to getting a poor and unreliable cross-border rail service, but recently the cross-border air service provided by British Airways, particularly from Glasgow, has been awful.
That said, we need to get on with decarbonising aviation, so when will we see the airspace modernisation process simplified and accelerated, not decelerated?
When will the Government bring forward price stability plans for sustainable aviation fuels, which everyone bar the Treasury knows has to happen?
On the hon.
Member’s first point, the work on airspace modernisation is under way, as he knows.