It fights on the frontline of European freedom, so it is important that we are clear to the people of Ukraine who fight so bravely for their future that the question is not if Ukraine joins NATO, but when Ukraine joins NATO.
Finally, it is important we are clear that even if there is a change of Government in the UK, there will never be a change in Britain’s resolve, no change in our  support for Ukraine and no change in our commitment to the security of Britain and our allies.
At moments like this, this House tends to acknowledge this unity and understand that our words carry weight beyond these shores; we choose them wisely.
So I would ask the Prime Minister when he rises whether he is prepared to correct the record in this House in relation to a social media statement he made last night that Labour “didn’t want” him to attend the summit this week.
On the contrary, we were delighted that he was there, because in an ever more dangerous world, we must be united, and NATO must be co-ordinated, ready to adapt and ready to strengthen.
The decisions taken this week give us a platform to do that and deliver a plan that can protect our collective security and support our friends in need, however difficult that may prove to be.
We must stay the course and make sure Putin’s brutal ambition ends in his total defeat.
I thank the right hon.
and learned Gentleman, although it is a bit rich to attack me for missing Prime Minister’s Question Time and then say that he wanted me to attend the NATO summit. [
Interruption.]
Order.
Please, I want to hear the Prime Minister.
I think the point has been made.
I also welcome the right hon.
and learned Gentleman’s new-found affection for the NATO alliance, having sat for long years next to someone who wanted to— [Interruption.]
Order.
I want to hear the Prime Minister; those who do not can please leave now.
Mr Speaker, you can tell from the volume of noise that they do not like it, but it is the truth. [
Interruption.]
Order.
It is the same for those on the Government Benches—I want to hear the Prime Minister, and I do not want those on the Government side stopping me either.
The reality is this: for long years, the right hon.
and learned Gentleman sat there next to someone who did not support NATO and wanted to scrap Trident and abolish our armed forces.
That is what the record is, but I am pleased that the right hon.
and learned Gentleman joins the Government in supporting efforts for Ukraine.
It is important that that remains a united position across this House. [
Interruption.]
Order.
The hon.
Member for Ogmore (Chris Elmore)  is stepping in for the Chief Whip; that does not mean that he can carry on shouting like he does when at this end of the Chamber.
Briefly, with regard to NATO membership, it is important that President Zelensky’s words are listened to.
He said that he viewed the NATO summit as providing a meaningful success for Ukraine—for his country and its people—because significant progress was made on the path towards NATO membership.
It is a question of when, not if, and as the Secretary-General said, what was a two-step process has now become a  one-step process, with more political support and momentum behind Ukraine’s membership than at any time in NATO’s history.
That is something that President Zelensky understands and appreciates, and over the course of the two days, it was crystal clear that there is an incredibly strong feeling among all alliance members to support Ukraine on that journey as quickly as practically possible.
I welcome the Prime Minister’s statement.
I returned from Ukraine in the last few days, where I was quite close to the frontline working with a charity.