MEETINGS SCHEDULED FEBRUARY 28 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine evolving workforce dynamics and the challenges for defense acquisition and defense industrial base personnel. SH-216 10 a.m. Committee on the Budget To hold hearings to examine reproductive health care. SD-608 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Daniel B. Maffei, of New York, and Rebecca F. Dye, of North Carolina, both to be a Federal Maritime Commissioner. SR-253 Committee on Energy and Natural Resources To hold hearings to examine the opportunities and challenges associated with developing geologic hydrogen in the United States. SD-366 Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine the Water Resources Development Act, focusing on USACE water infrastructure projects, programs and priorities. SD-406 Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine Tehran's shadow army, focusing on addressing Iran's proxy network in the Middle East. SD-419 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine the retirement crisis in America, focusing on expanding defined benefit pension plans for workers. SD-430 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine preventing deaths of incarcerated individuals in Federal prisons. SD-G50 2:30 p.m. Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Department of Agriculture. SR-328A Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Criminal Justice and Counterterrorism To hold hearings to examine the nation's correctional staffing crisis, focusing on assessing the toll on correctional officers and incarcerated persons. SD-226 Select Committee on Intelligence To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters. SH-219 3 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Personnel To hold hearings to examine traumatic brain injury and blast exposure care. SR-222 3:30 p.m. Committee on Veterans' Affairs To hold hearings to examine honoring America's veterans and their families at VA cemeteries. SR-418 FEBRUARY 29 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine United States Strategic Command and United States Space Command in review of the Defense Authorization Request for Fiscal Year 2025 and the Future Years Defense Program; to be immediately followed by a closed session in SVC-217. SH-216 10 a.m. Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider the nominations of Ann Marie McIff Allen, to be United States District Judge for the District of Utah, Susan M. Bazis, to be United States District Judge for the District of Nebraska, Ernest Gonzalez, and Leon Schydlower, both to be a United States District Judge for the Western District of Texas, Kelly Harrison Rankin, to be United States District Judge for the District of Wyoming, Robin Michelle Meriweather, of Virginia, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Federal Claims, Almo J. Carter, of the District of Columbia, to be a Commissioner of the United States Parole Commission, and Joshua S. Levy, to be United States Attorney for the District of Massachusetts, Rebecca C. Lutzko, to be United States Attorney for the Northern District of Ohio, and Roy W. Minter, Jr., to be United States Marshal for the Southern District of Georgia, all of the Department of Justice. SD-G50 Special Committee on Aging To hold hearings to examine empowering people with disabilities to thrive in careers and the workplace. SD-106 MARCH 6 9:30 a.m. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Business meeting to resume consideration of S. 3664, to require executive branch employees to report certain royalties, S. 3626, to clarify task and delivery order solicitation and contract requirements, S. 3635, to improve the President's Cup Cybersecurity Competitions, S. 3613, to require Facility Security Committees to respond to security recommendations issued by the Federal Protective Service relating to facility security, S. 3558, to prohibit contracting with certain biotechnology providers, S. 1524, to ensure that whistleblowers, including contractors, are protected from retaliation when a Federal employee orders a reprisal, S. 3654, to amend the Presidential Transition Act of 1963 to require the timely appointment of agency transition officials, to ensure adequate performance and oversight of required transition-related preparation, to require new guidance for agencies and possible transition teams, S. 3648, to amend the Post- Katrina Management Reform Act of 2006 to repeal certain obsolete requirements, S. 3139, to ensure that Federal contractors comply with child labor laws, S. 2367, to improve border security through regular assessments and evaluations of the Checkpoint Program Management Office and effective training of U.S. Border Patrol agents regarding drug seizures, S. 3594, to require Governmentwide source code sharing, S. 3015, to amend title 5, United States Code, to address telework for Federal employees, S. 2143, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 320 South 2nd Avenue in Sioux Falls, South Dakota, as the ``Staff Sergeant Robb Lura Rolfing Post Office Building'', S. 2274, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 112 Wyoming Street in Shoshoni, Wyoming, as the ``Dessie A. Bebout Post Office'', S. 2717, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 231 North Franklin Street in Greensburg, Indiana, as the ``Brigadier General John T. Wilder Post Office'', S. 3267, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 410 Dakota Avenue South in Huron, South Dakota, as the ``First Lieutenant Thomas Michael Martin Post Office Building'', S. 3357, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 5120 Derry Street in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, as the ``Hettie Simmons Love Post Office Building'', S. 3419, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1765 Camp Hill Bypass in Camp Hill, Pennsylvania, as the ``John Charles Traub Post Office'', S. 3639, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2075 West Stadium Boulevard in Ann Arbor, Michigan, as the ``Robert Hayden Post Office'', S. 3640, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 155