I am not even sure that they know what their policy is.
For all the shouting, there is no promise to reinstate a universal winter fuel payment.
There is one policy from the Leader of the Opposition, the very woman who called for the winter fuel payment to be means-tested in 2022: now, she wants to means-test the entire state pension.
Apparently, that is “exactly the sort of thing we will look at”.
She thinks that is bold policymaking.
It is not—it is bonkers.
The good news is that the Minister has no responsibility for the Opposition.
That is not something that the Leader of the Opposition said.
To the point in hand—the winter fuel payment—I wonder for how much longer this tone-deaf final stand will go on.
Every time the Government talk about winter fuel payments, they make out that they had no choice, but that is simply not true.
To govern is to choose.
At best, this policy was only ever going to save £1 billion or so, but they are spending £8 billion on setting up an energy company, and the cost of asylum hotels will rise to £15 billion under Labour.
This has always been a choice, and it is the wrong one.
Can the Minister guarantee that next winter, every single one of the 750,000 poorest pensioners who missed out on the winter fuel payment this year will receive it?
I can guarantee that this Government are going to deliver on our priorities for pensioners by raising the state pension, with a £470-a-year increase this April, and saving the NHS, with a £26 billion increase every single year.
What will the Conservatives be doing?
None of that, because they oppose every single measure required to fund it.
We know what the Tory plan is, because we have just lived through it: pensioner poverty rising and the NHS collapsing.
What steps she is taking through the social security system to tackle poverty in Wales.
This Government are committed to tackling poverty right across the UK.
We are reviewing universal credit to ensure that it is doing the job we want it to do: making work pay and tackling poverty.
We have already announced that we will improve the adequacy of the standard allowance in universal credit, and we have introduced the fair repayment rate.
Alongside that, the child poverty taskforce is exploring all available levers to reduce child poverty in all four nations, including considering social security reforms.
Just a day before the new figures revealed yet another rise in child poverty in Wales, the UK Labour Government confirmed plans for billions of pounds-worth of welfare cuts, pushing tens of thousands more children into hardship.
The Government tell me that the data is not robust enough to know the poverty impact on Wales, which is really not good enough.
The Labour First Minister—of the Senedd, not the “Assembly”, if I may correct  the hon.
Member for Bristol North East (Damien Egan) —has also criticised this Government’s approach.
Will the Secretary of State now listen to the First Minister of Wales, conduct a Wales-specific impact assessment and scrap these cruel measures?
I am sorry to disappoint the hon.
Lady, but I am sure she would not want us to produce a potentially inaccurate assessment of the impact on Wales.
What I would say—and I am sure that she agrees with this—is that the levels of poverty in Wales are unacceptable, which is a result of 14 years of the Conservative party failing to address the long-term industrial decline of many communities across Wales.
I would also say to her that the best way to get people out of poverty is to get them into work, so I am sure she will welcome the recent launch of the inactivity trailblazer in Wales.