Member is right to say that anything that happens should be dealt with immediately by the prison authorities, and that is exactly what is happening.
That is why these reviews are in place: to learn the lessons so that appropriate action can be taken and appropriate steps put in place for the future, taking into account the issues she raised, among others.
This Government inherited a violent, squalid prison estate, which makes the job of prison officers much more difficult and dangerous.
The privatising of maintenance has contributed to overcrowding and the spiralling of violence towards prison officers, so can the Minister explain why contracts are being retendered?
Also, will he release the report recommending more privatisation, so that we can all understand the logic behind this decision?
My hon.
Friend raises a question about prison maintenance; that is always under review.
Contracts were in place when this Government came into office that needed to be taken forward to ensure that our prisons were kept as safe as possible.
Those who are assessed as posing a raised risk of violence are supported through a case management approach that is centred around the individual and addresses the underlying causes of their violence, including specific risk factors and needs, to help them manage and move away from violent behaviours.
I support the shadow Secretary of State’s request for accelerating the supply of stab vests.
Can I ask the Minister for a bit more detail on the Government’s thinking on the use of Tasers?
There is a long track record of Taser use in the UK, and it would seem that we could also accelerate the use of Tasers in prisons as quickly as possible.
I agree with the right hon.
Member that this needs to be looked at as quickly as possible.
This summer, an operational trial on Tasers will be launched, involving specialised officers, to help staff respond to high-risk incidents more effectively.
The findings of the trial will inform any future decisions about the use of Tasers in the prison estate.
We need to learn from what we do so that we can get it right in the future.
I declare an interest as an honorary life member of the Prison Officers Association.
I thank the Minister for the working relationship he has established with the union since coming into office, but could I ask him to liaise with the POA and urgently bring forward a report, prison by prison, about staffing levels and the timescale set aside for training staff, particularly to deal with the violent prisoners they are dealing with at the moment?
I am very happy to continue to work with the Prison Officers Association and other staff associations working in the prison sector to try to address the issues that my right hon.
Friend rightly raises.
The Minister very graciously found time in his busy schedule to meet me and colleagues recently to discuss the “68 is Too Late” campaign.
Does he agree that recent events prove the tremendous pressures on our prison officers and staff, and will he give an undertaking to me and the House that, during the course of this Parliament, the terms and conditions of prison officers could be reviewed, especially with a view to the “68 is Too Late” campaign?
I thank the hon.
Member for his question and for meeting me earlier in this Parliament to discuss these issues.
Yes, these things rightly need to be kept under review, and the conversations taking place with the workforce through the Prison Officers Association and other bodies will continue to make progress on this matter.
Violence in prisons escalated for years under the previous Government, who left our prisons at breaking point.
What is the Minister doing to bring down levels of violence in our jails?
My hon.
Friend is right to point that out.