As the hon.
Gentleman knows, we have an ambitious programme, Connect to Work, which is being rolled out this calendar year, building up to an additional £1 billion a year in employment support by the end of the Parliament.
At the moment there are 200,000 people out of work on health and disability grounds who say they would like to be in a job now, and could be in a job now, if they had the support they need.
We are determined, through the changes, to provide exactly that support.
My constituent Charlie Vernon was happily benefiting from the Access to Work scheme until redundancy.
He found a new job and did a fresh application last autumn, but since then, well beyond the 24-week timeframe, there has been nothing.
Will my right hon.
Friend look into these sorts of delays and have a more joined-up system, because assessors are apparently dealing with applications from August at the moment?
My hon.
Friend is right that there are currently delays with the Access to Work scheme, reflecting the very large increase in demand and applications for it over the past year or two.
We are making changes to speed things up.
We are also, in the Green Paper, consulting on the future of the Access to Work scheme.
I would really welcome input from my hon.
Friend, and perhaps her constituent as well, about the changes we should be making.
The Government claim to be the party of business, but speak to businesses today and they are hurting.
Reduced opportunities for wealth creation and entrepreneurship, employee national insurance contributions and the Employment Rights Bill are destroying opportunity.
What are the Government doing to incentivise our wealth creators and encourage job creation?
The Government are providing the stability that businesses desperately need.
We are working to transform skills in this country—that is absolutely what most businesses say to me they are desperately short of.
We are overhauling our job centres, so that we actually serve businesses’ needs.
I would just say gently to the hon.
Gentleman that it was under his party that we saw the lowest business investment in the G7.
We are going to overhaul that and make this the best country in which to start up and grow a business.
What assessment has the Minister made of the merits of increasing local housing allowance to alleviate the pressure on housing authorities?
My hon.
Friend raises an important matter.
I just point out that the April 2024 one-year local housing allowance increase has cost an additional £1.2 billion in the last financial year, and it will cost about £7 billion over five years.
We keep local housing allowance rates under review.
He is right to stress the importance of those, but future decisions on them will need to be based on the Government’s priorities and reflect the difficult fiscal conditions that the Government are dealing with.
Helping more people off welfare and into work will require the support and good will of employers, which I fear those on the Government Benches do not fully recognise.
How will the Minister achieve that move, having clobbered businesses with the jobs tax, which covers all sectors of businesses, hospices, charities and many employers?
As I said in response to an earlier question, we are overhauling the way that the Department for Work and Pensions supports employers.
We think it is unacceptable that only one in six businesses has ever  used a jobcentre to recruit.
We are changing that, including by having a single account manager for businesses, so that they do not have to tell their story time and again.
We are overhauling skills in this country, reforming the apprenticeship, and extending the number of sector-based work academy programmes and short skills programmes that businesses desperately want.
I know that businesses are desperately keen to engage with us, because they want to recruit, and it is about time that the right hon.