Will the Secretary of State tell us who is right?
I do not recognise the way the hon.
Lady framed the Prime Minister’s answer.
We want a social security system that protects those who can never and will never work, but disabled people who are out of work and economically inactive are more likely than non-disabled people to say they want to work, and if they are in work, they are half as likely to be poor.
We want to shift the focus of the system to do more to help people who can work to do so, and to protect those who cannot, because that is the way that we give people a better future.
What steps she is taking to support young people into employment, education or training in Kensington and Bayswater constituency.
As we have already discussed, every young person in this country needs a good start.
As part of our plans to get Britain working, we announced £45 million-worth of funding for eight youth guarantee trailblazers to lead the way.
Kensington and Bayswater is covered by the youth guarantee trailblazer launched last month by the Greater London Authority.
I recently visited the North Kensington jobcentre to learn about its support for young people and discuss the potential for working more closely with our brilliant local college, the North Kensington Centre for Skills, so that people can access opportunities in industries such as trades and housing.
Will the Minister outline what more the Department is doing to bring together colleges and jobcentres for young people?
I thank my hon.
Friend both for his question and for going to see the team at the North Kensington jobcentre; there is a really dedicated team of five work coaches specifically for young people.
I am working with colleagues in the Department for Education on the development of Skills England so that in the future our work coaches—for example, the five who serve his constituency and look after young people—will have much closer access to get them into courses and get them building to move our economy and their careers on.
The Government’s own impact assessment of their Employment Rights Bill says that it will increase the cost to businesses by £5 billion, which will be borne mostly by small businesses.
Does the Minister share my concern that, when combined with the additional national insurance charges on employers, that will reduce the opportunities for young people in my constituency just as much as for young people in Kensington and Bayswater?
I have said already in this session of questions that we have changed the DWP to serve employers much better, and that is an important shift.
I understand that Conservative Members do not want people in this country to have greater rights at work, sick pay if they need it or secure hours if they are on an exploitative zero-hours contract.
Unfortunately for them, last year the public voted for the opposite.
What steps she plans to take to encourage young people to increase their private pension pots.
This is an important question, and one where we have seen some good news on the back of cross-party working over the last 15 years.
Automatic enrolment has succeeded in transforming participation rates in workplace pensions, particularly for young people.
Participation among all eligible 22 to 29-year-olds has increased from 35% to 86%, but there is much more to do.
That is why the second phase of our pension review will look at further steps to improve pension outcomes for everyone, including those lucky enough to be young.
I thank the Minister for that response.
Thanks to the introduction of auto-enrolment, millions of young people are now saving for their retirement, but I have heard worrying reports in Mid Bedfordshire that increases in employers’ national insurance, which have resulted in pay freezes, are now causing people to decide to opt out of pension savings.
Does the Minister recognise that risk to pensions adequacy?