Friend’s constituents receive support from Huddersfield jobcentre.
Work is also ongoing led by West Yorkshire combined authority, which is one of our trailblazers.
It is stepping up to help everybody who needs help getting into work, whether or not they are on universal credit.
Recently, Kirklees college, in partnership with Flannery Plant Hire and Kirklees council, officially launched the Kirklees operator skills hub to meet local skills demand in the construction industry.
The hub, which is the fifth of its kind in the country, is a mobile unit with two virtual-reality plant machinery simulators and classroom facilities for skills bootcamps, and will open many doors for young people in my constituency.
Does the Minister agree that such initiatives will help many young people into work, and help us to bring about the growth that we need in our economy?
I do agree with my hon.
Friend.
As we have said in response to a number of questions, our ministerial team know that this Government are about building the homes that we need and ensuring that the jobs in the sector go to people who will really benefit from a career in construction, and I congratulate Kirklees college and all those involved in that pioneering work.
Last week I visited the UK Construction Week conference, where George Clarke talked about the fantastic opportunities in construction and the great building businesses.
I say well done to everyone in my hon.
Friend’s constituency who is pushing this forward.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of means-testing the winter fuel payment on levels of pensioner poverty.
I refer the right hon.
Member to the Secretary of State’s letter of  19 November  to the Work and Pensions Committee.
As well as means-testing the winter fuel payment, this Government launched the biggest ever pension credit take-up campaign, because we want all pensioners to receive the support to which they are entitled.
The result has been almost 50,000 more awards than were received during the same period in the preceding year.
The Government did indeed launch a campaign to increase the number of pension credit applications, but sadly there was also a surge—an increase of 133%—in the number of claims that were not allowed, and more than 100,000 awards were not made.
For many pensioners, including a number in my constituency, the winter fuel payment was a lifeline—indeed, many need their heating to be turned on throughout the year, not just during the winter—but just because of an arbitrary threshold they now receive nothing at all, and they are losing out.
Will the Government look at this again, given the impact and the risk of pushing more pensioners into poverty?
I can tell the right hon.
Member about pensioner poverty.
It halved under the last Labour Government and it rose on the Conservatives’ watch, by 200,000.
Yes, we have had to make some difficult choices, but it is because of those difficult choices that we can  afford a £31 billion annual increase in the state pension over the current Parliament and an extra £26 billion a year for the NHS.
None of those choices would the Conservatives back, which is why the NHS and the state pension would be endangered on their watch.
In my 10 years as a Member of Parliament, I have run consistent campaigns throughout my constituency to raise awareness of pension credit and encourage hundreds of people to sign up to it, but I know that many of my constituents are just above the threshold and by no means well off.
What assessment will the Government make of those who are not eligible for pension credit but will still face fuel poverty next winter?
I am grateful for the work that has been done by councils and third sector organisations throughout the United Kingdom to drive uptake of pension credit.
That work has led to the 50,000 extra awards that I mentioned earlier.