Lady, but I am sure she would not want us to produce a potentially inaccurate assessment of the impact on Wales.
What I would say—and I am sure that she agrees with this—is that the levels of poverty in Wales are unacceptable, which is a result of 14 years of the Conservative party failing to address the long-term industrial decline of many communities across Wales.
I would also say to her that the best way to get people out of poverty is to get them into work, so I am sure she will welcome the recent launch of the inactivity trailblazer in Wales.
Does the Minister agree with me that the new fair repayment rate, which caps universal credit deductions at 15%, along with the actions of the Welsh Government to help more than 48,000 young people gain skills and find jobs through the young person’s guarantee scheme will help alleviate poverty in Wales, and therefore should be welcomed?
I of course agree with my hon.
Friend, about both the benefits of the youth guarantee and the specific impact of the fair repayment rate, which across the country will support 1.2 million of the poorest families, including 700,000 families with children.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Since our last Question Time, Work and Pensions Ministers and local leaders have launched eight of our 17 Get Britain Working trailblazer programmes across the UK, backed by £240 million of additional investment.
These include South Yorkshire’s brilliant plans to get people back to health and back to work; five trailblazers in London, including specialist support  for young care leavers and those with musculoskeletal conditions; joining up health and employment support in Blaenau Gwent, Denbighshire and Neath Port Talbot in Wales; and our youth guarantee in Cambridgeshire and Peterborough.
There is still much more that we need to do, but we have already made real progress in unlocking people’s potential and getting Britain working and growing again.
One of my constituents is experiencing severe delays in getting Access to Work scheme payments, dating back to February.
In correspondence with the Department, a letter openly says there is no long-term solution to that, so when will the Secretary of State come forward with a long-term solution to speed up these payments?
I really thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question, and we do actually have a plan right now.
It was announced in our Green Paper that we are going to reform Access to Work.
It is a brilliant support, with a grant or money to help people with physical aids and adaptations, and other support, to get work and to stay in work.
I would encourage him to input into the review, and either I or my right hon.
Friend the Minister for Social Security and Disability would be more than happy to meet him to hear his views about how we can make this work for his constituent.
According to Sense, there are over 2,500 people with complex needs in North West Cambridgeshire, many of whom will never be able to work because of their conditions.
Does the Minister agree that dignity for severely disabled people needs to be a priority for the welfare system, and can he update the House on progress towards ensuring that people whose conditions mean they will never be able to work are no longer subject to the appalling repeated reassessments that we saw all too often under the previous Government?
My hon.
Friend raises a very important subject.
Social security must always be there for those who cannot work.
The changes announced recently to the rates of universal credit protect the incomes of those with the most severe lifelong conditions who will never be able to work.
We will also guarantee that, for both new and existing claims, those in this group will not need to be reassessed in future.
Those are baked into the Green Paper proposals.