Friend—apologies, I should have said my hon.
Friend  the Member for Nottingham East (Nadia Whittome) ; she is not right honourable, but she should be.
The new clause would require the Home Office to publish quarterly statistics and information on deaths in the asylum system and small boat channel crossings.
Under the last Government, a horrifying number of refugees and people seeking asylum died trying to cross the channel and in Home Office accommodation.
In 2024, that number reached a record high.
Despite daily and weekly reports on the number of people stopped or deported, we still do not have regular, clear and transparent reporting on those who have lost their lives in the system.
That is incredibly important, not just morally but in order to address the evidence gap, so that we get policy right.
New clause 2 would require reports on the right to work.
I heard what the Minister said about this being a discussion about time, but mental health and working rights are not separate issues.
The majority of asylum seekers in the UK are unable to work and use their skills to support themselves and their families or even to save enough to rent a home.
Instead, they are trapped, isolated, inactive and dependent on state support.
There are countless compelling reasons why asylum seekers should be allowed to work like the rest of the population.
Given the huge amount of support that idea has from the public and businesses, we should at least have the opportunity to scrutinise why the ban remains and the impact that it is having.
If we want integration, why not let people work in their communities and build English language skills?
Finally, new clause 37, tabled by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Clapham and Brixton Hill (Bell Ribeiro-Addy) , seeks to ensure that children born in the UK who have grown up here and know no other home are not priced out of citizenship simply because of their parents’ immigration status at the time of their birth.
Such young people are part of our communities, schools and the fabric of our future.
They should not be denied their rights or go on to face barriers in education, housing, healthcare and across society.
They are not “strangers”; they are our friends and neighbours.
Some have stoked racist divisions against migrants—a drum that the far right have continually banged since—and the whole House must oppose that rhetoric.
Amid rising anti-refugee sentiment, including last year’s shocking riots, it could not be more urgent or valuable to enable people to feel secure and contribute to their communities.
I am aghast at some of the amendments tabled by Opposition parties, particularly new clause 41.
I wonder how many ruined lives those Members will consider too many.
It is shameful to see the victimisation of people who have come here to find safety.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps her Department is taking to support disabled people in receipt of personal independence payments.
Personal independence payments are a crucial benefit that makes a contribution towards the extra costs of living with a disability.
I know how anxious many people are when there is talk about reform, but this Government want to ensure that PIP is there for people who need it now and into the future.
In our Green Paper we promised to review the PIP assessment, working with disabled people, the organisations that represent them and other experts, and we are starting the first phase of that review today.
My right hon.
Friend the Minister for Social Security and Disability will be inviting in stakeholders this week to develop the scope and terms of reference of this review, and will keep the House updated as this work progresses.
Many of the 41,000 disabled people in Bradford who rely on PIP to live with dignity and stability are rightly horrified by these proposed cuts.