We are changing that, including by having a single account manager for businesses, so that they do not have to tell their story time and again.
We are overhauling skills in this country, reforming the apprenticeship, and extending the number of sector-based work academy programmes and short skills programmes that businesses desperately want.
I know that businesses are desperately keen to engage with us, because they want to recruit, and it is about time that the right hon.
Lady’s party started listening to businesses.
I have been asked by many of my Livingston constituents for reassurance on the Government’s proposed welfare changes.
Can the Secretary of State assure the House that these reforms will genuinely help people into decent, secure work, all the while protecting those who clearly cannot work due to ill health or disability?
I absolutely reassure my hon.
Friend that that is what we intend to do.
Our employment Bill is about ensuring that we improve the quality of jobs, give greater security to people and bring about more flexible working that will benefit sick and disabled people.
We are investing £1 billion in employment support to make sure that disabled people have the chances and choices they deserve.
Through our review, led by Sir Charlie Mayfield, we are changing the workplace to make it more inclusive, because the Labour party is absolutely about ensuring that disabled people who can work have the right to do so.
Carers UK reports that unpaid carers are still receiving debt notices over carer’s allowance.
Between May 2024 and February 2025, the number of notices increased by 9,000, so we are now talking about 144,000 people.
Will the Secretary of State halt the creation of those overpayment debts until her independent review has taken place and the recommendations are implemented?
The hon.
Gentleman is right that there has been a problem over a long period with overpayments—often inadvertent—of carer’s allowance.
That is why my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State appointed Liz Sayce to undertake her independent review.
I know she is making good progress, and I have regularly kept in touch with her.
We are looking forward to receiving her recommendations, which will cover those who have been affected, and will recommend changes for the future, too.
What analysis has been done of how the changes proposed in the “Pathways to Work” Green Paper will affect those who rely on PIP not just for employment support, but for their daily living and mobility needs?
Can my right hon.
Friend please assure my constituents in Wolverhampton West who are disabled and will never be able to work that their financial support will not be restricted in a way that affects their quality of life, so that they can live with independence, and the dignity that they deserve?
That is an important concern.
As my hon.
Friend knows, we are determined to open up opportunities for people who have been out of work,  often for a long time, on health and disability grounds, and to give them the chance to get into work through much better employment support.
However, we recognise that there will be people who will never be able to work.
Under the proposals for claims for the new universal credit health element, from next April, a higher payment will protect those with the most severe lifelong conditions that have no prospect of improvement, and who will never be able to work.
Eligibility for that will be through the work capability assessment severe conditions criteria.
How is the Minister working with the Department for Education to ensure that when young people leave education, they have the skills they need to thrive in the world of work?
I refer the hon.
Gentleman to some of the responses we have already given.
The DWP and the DFE are working together closely as we change apprenticeships and change our jobcentres to ensure that the opportunities are there.
Having met the hon.