We have said clearly in the Green Paper that we will ensure that those who will never be able to work will not go through repeated reassessments.
That will be built into the system.
Initially, the people who will benefit from that will be those who meet the work capability assessment’s severe conditions criteria.
Today is World ME Day, and I hope that the Secretary of State and her Ministers will recognise the up to 1.3 million people who live with ME and ME-like symptoms, and some of those with long covid.
All they want is to have a normal life.
I recognise what she has said about making PIP work for fluctuating conditions.
Can I ask her to work with her colleagues in the Department of Health and Social Care to put aside research funding, so that money is available to ensure that those who would love nothing more than to live a normal life and go to work can get better?
I will certainly discuss that with the Health Secretary.
We have a joint work and health programme and team, who are really trying to join these two issues up.
The hon.
Member for Wells and Mendip Hills (Tessa Munt)  has made her point very strongly in the House, and I am sure that she will do so again at Health and Social Care questions.
The Middlesbrough Disabled Supporters Association does vital work to support disabled Boro fans, but it is currently being hammered by increased bank charges.
Will the Minister for Disability work across Government to help take these banks to task so that non-profit disability groups such as the MDSA can continue their important work?
I am aware that there are concerns along those lines across the charity sector as a whole.
I would be delighted to work with my hon.
Friend to address the concerns in Middlesbrough specifically.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Justice if she will make a statement on the failure of the prison estate to protect staff from serious and sustained violence by high-risk inmates.
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his question.
I am shocked and saddened to hear about the serious assault against a prison officer that took place on  Thursday 8 May  at HMP Belmarsh.
My thoughts are with the family and colleagues of the brave, hard-working prison officer at this time.
We will not tolerate any violence against prison officers.
Prisoners who are violent towards staff will face the full consequences of their actions.
The incident at HMP Belmarsh is subject to a police investigation.
As such, we are unable to comment further in any level of detail at this stage.
The Prison Service has also commissioned an investigation, and its terms of reference are being finalised.
It will include details of what happened and why, as well as recommendations to prevent recurrences.
We will provide updates to Parliament in due course.
Separately, on  22 April  we announced to Parliament an independent review of the recent terrible incident where staff were assaulted by Hashem Abedi at HMP Frankland; we will make further announcements in the coming days.
Our prison officers are some of the hardest working and bravest public servants this country has.
We are committed to ensuring that they are safe at work and are able to keep the public safe.
We announced at last the Justice oral questions that the Prison Service has commissioned a rapid review of access to and use of self-cook areas across the prison estate, including their use in special units.
The review will report back with recommendations in June.
We recently announced a review of conducted energy devices—also known as Tasers—and there is a trial involving a small number of national operational response and resilience unit staff.