My right hon.
Friend the Minister for Social Security and Disability will be inviting in stakeholders this week to develop the scope and terms of reference of this review, and will keep the House updated as this work progresses.
Many of the 41,000 disabled people in Bradford who rely on PIP to live with dignity and stability are rightly horrified by these proposed cuts.
In particular, the four-point rule has the potential to devastate the lives of tens of thousands of people in Bradford overnight.
Let us be clear: these plans would take away a vital lifeline from those with the greatest need living in the most deprived areas of Britain.
I cannot support any cuts that worsen inequalities in places such as Bradford, so I say to the Minister in absolute sincerity: please listen to the growing calls in this place and out there to scrap these unfair cuts and instead do the right thing by taxing the super-rich so that they can pay their fair share.
I hear very clearly what my hon.
Friend says, but I also want to be clear to the House: if people can never work, we want to protect them; if people can work, we want to support them.
The truth is that a disabled person who is in work is half as likely to be poor as one who is out of work.
We want to improve people’s chances and choices by supporting those who can work to do so and by protecting those who cannot.
The personal independence payment does what it says on the tin: it is designed to enable people to live an independent life.
As someone who has represented constituents in tribunal appeals, I know only too well that, while there are many who should not be claiming PIP, there are also many whose disabilities may not be immediately apparent.
Will the Minister assure me that she will use the utmost care and sensitivity before taking any further decisions?
I can absolutely reassure the right hon.
Gentleman that we will make these changes carefully.
We are consulting with disabled people and the organisations that represent them about what support can be available for anyone who loses out.
We will be consulting with disabled people about how to build our £1 billion a year employment support programme, and we will make sure that those who can never work will be protected, including by making sure that they do not have to go through reassessment repeatedly, which has been the situation so far.
I welcome the Secretary of State’s confirmation that there will be a full review of PIP in consultation with disabled people and their organisations.
PIP was designed 13 years ago, but since then we have increased our understanding of the impact that fluctuating conditions and mental health problems can have on disabled people’s ability to live independently.
Does the Secretary of State agree that it is certainly past time for a review of the PIP system to ensure that mental health problems are fully understood and that the fluctuating nature of some conditions is properly taken into account?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
It is more than a decade since PIP was introduced, and there have been changes in the prevalence of disability, in the nature of long-term conditions, in wider society and in the workplace too.
We have also seen a real increase in recent years in the numbers of younger people and those with mental health conditions, so it is right that we now have a review of the PIP assessment process.
This is a highly sensitive issue, and it will take time, but my right hon.
Friend the Minister for Social Security and Disability and I will be doing this in consultation with disabled people and the organisations that represent them, and we will begin inviting them in from this week.