Given the role of Edinburgh and Glasgow in our visitor economy, I am sure that he will be interested in the work we are doing with UKHospitality to help more young people to have an opportunity in that great sector.
Struggling to make ends meet, paying bills, buying work appropriate clothing and paying for public transport all affect someone’s ability to get and keep a job.
That is just as true for under-25s as it is for anybody else, but the Government continue to maintain a lower rate of universal credit for young people when there is no guarantee that they have financial support from their families.
In looking at universal credit, will the Government consider that?
As the hon.
Member will know, we are reviewing universal credit.
I am particularly focused on ensuring that young people have a chance before they reach the age of 25.
If they are out of work in those first years after leaving school or college, it is absolutely devastating for the rest of their careers.
That is why we are making these changes.
Over the weekend I was shocked, but not surprised, to see the new statistics for young people in Thanet who are not in education, employment or training—having hit 11.6%, the figure is the highest in the south-east.
Some 3% of young people in Thanet also experience support for special educational needs.
Although I am not suggesting that correlation equals causation, can the Minister explain how denying access to the health-related element of universal credit will help those young people into work?
The House will know that we have consultations in a number of policy areas relating to my hon.
Friend’s question.
As I have said, in the end, young people need an opportunity at the start.
In places like Thanet, where there are significant poverty and challenges but great opportunity, I want to ensure that we serve employers, and the young people who need them, much better.
Employers in my constituency tell me that they are less likely to employ young people as a result of the Employment Rights Bill because of the increased risk of employing someone at the start of their career.
What representations has the Minister made to her colleagues to ensure that the most damaging parts of that legislation are softened?
The House may know that, on coming into office, the Secretary of State and I totally changed the way the Department for Work and Pensions approaches employers.
We want to serve them much better, and we have given them a single point of contact.
Having met many businesses over the past six or seven months, my experience has been that they have vacancies and want us to help fill them.
We will do that so that we can serve employers and young people alike.
What steps her Department is taking to help increase the accuracy of personal independence payment assessments.
The Department is committed to ensuring that individuals receive high-quality and accurate assessments.
Assessment suppliers are closely monitored using a range of performance measures designed to improve the accuracy of their advice.
Independent audits are conducted to maintain high standards, and as part of our pathways to work proposals we are considering recording assessments as standard to increase transparency and build trust in the system.
Data shared with me by Dermot Devlin from Disabled People Against Cuts shows that £50 million has been spent on PIP appeals in the past year alone, and also that His Majesty’s Courts and Tribunals Service has reported that over 70% of those PIP appeals have been successful.
When people are put through the harrowing process of being told that their PIP appeal is not appropriate and having to go through the entire appeal system, what are Ministers doing to ensure that any changes make that system friendly to those using it?
I would be very happy to have a conversation with the hon.