Gentleman to some of the responses we have already given.
The DWP and the DFE are working together closely as we change apprenticeships and change our jobcentres to ensure that the opportunities are there.
Having met the hon.
Gentleman, I know that his constituency is full of opportunities for young people, and we want to ensure that they get them.
Recent analysis by Health Equity North shows that more than £13 million will be stripped out of the local economy in the City of Durham every year due to PIP changes.
That comes on top of the already worsened health conditions for people in the north-east due to Tory austerity.
Would it not be more constructive for the Government to start by listening to the calls of disability groups and disabled people, and supporting them into work, rather than cutting the benefits first and pushing those people further into poverty?
I can reassure my hon.
Friend that we are listening.
We are consulting precisely on how best to deploy the additional £1 billion a year for employment support that we have committed to in the Green Paper.
However, the assessment of those measures needs to take account of the significant impact that supporting many more people into work will have on reducing poverty.
My constituents are extremely concerned about changes to the PIP assessment system, and particularly how they will affect people with mental health issues and fluctuating long-term conditions.
Those people may not be able to show the required evidence of how their ability to function is impacted, since their experiences do not always fit within the daily living and mobility assessment criteria.
Can the Minister assure me that the assessment system will be updated to take those genuine challenges into account?
As I said earlier, we are reviewing the PIP assessment process to ensure that it is fit for the future.
That starts this week, with stakeholders having been invited in to discuss the scope of the review and its terms of reference.
However, it is important to bear in mind that by the end of the Parliament we will still be spending £8 billion more on personal independence payments, and there will be 750,000 more people on PIP than there are now.
We are making changes to focus PIP on those in greatest need, while looking at the underlying  assessment process to ensure that it is fit for the future, but there will be more spending and more people on PIP by the time of the next election.
I call the Chair of the Work and Pensions Committee.
I am grateful to my right hon.
Friend for what she said about resolving the issues with the application process for Access to Work.
Will she also kindly reassure disabled people about the future of Access to Work, and that there will not be cuts in the budget for it?
Our reforms to Access to Work are not about savings; they are about ensuring that this brilliant service is available to more people in future.
We are also looking at how it might be delivered—whether it will continue to be delivered through the Department, or through an arm’s length body—or, indeed, an organisation run by and for disabled people.
This is a big opportunity to make changes to a brilliant programme, and I know that the Select Committee will engage with us on this.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking to ensure that the financial reparations that will be made to LGBT veterans following the Etherton review are not taken into consideration when assessing entitlement to other benefits?
There is an issue with compensation payments more widely, and the right hon.
Gentleman gives an example of a current case.
We are looking at how we can ensure that people who receive those payments are protected.