What assessment will the Government make of those who are not eligible for pension credit but will still face fuel poverty next winter?
I am grateful for the work that has been done by councils and third sector organisations throughout the United Kingdom to drive uptake of pension credit.
That work has led to the 50,000 extra awards that I mentioned earlier.
The choices we have made mean that we can protect pensioners across the board, and the 4.1% increase in the state pension in April was possible exactly because of the tough choices that we have had to make.
Stockport council was one of the first local authorities to roll out the warm spaces programme that was used by third sector groups to support people in need during the winter months.
Will the Government commit themselves to helping authorities roll such programmes out earlier, in the face of the winter fuel cuts and rising energy prices?
I am grateful for the work of local authorities, including mine in Swansea, to provide places for pensioners and, in fact, members of all age groups to go to if they are in need during the winter.
The most important action we can take is tackling directly the cause of the issues that the hon.
Gentleman has raised by bringing down energy bills in the years ahead, moving away from the system that the Conservatives left us—which is dependent on the price of gas driven by the action of dictators such as Putin—and continuing to raise the state pension faster than inflation over the current Parliament, which is why the new state pension is set to increase by £1,900 by the end of this Parliament.
This morning, the Work and Pensions Committee was at the Welsh Assembly, where we heard from Wales’s Older People’s Commissioner as part of our pensioner poverty review.
I was impressed that Wales has a role with real legal clout.
From what we heard, it is making a difference for older people in Wales.
Do Ministers agree that we should at least look at extending that to England and Scotland?
We should always learn lessons from Wales.
In fact, this Government are already doing that.
The roll-out of free breakfast clubs, which is happening across England at the moment, was pioneered in Wales.
Children are receiving a free breakfast because of the work done in Wales.
I praise my hon.
Friend and the entire Work and Pensions Committee for the work that it is doing as part of its inquiry into pensioner poverty.
I will be coming to give evidence to the Committee shortly, and I know that its members have been listening not just in Wales but more widely, with events in Glasgow and Manchester as well.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
I suspect that the hon.
Members on the Government Front Bench are now surrounded: I suspect that they are the only people left in this Chamber who are prepared to defend the cutting of the winter fuel payment.
Dozens of their own MPs have now joined a long list of people telling the Government that they have got it wrong, including the Welsh First Minister—talking about learning lessons from Wales—the money-saving expert Martin Lewis, and voters up and down this country.
The Conservatives have led this campaign from the start, but if the Government will not listen to us, will they now listen to everyone else and think again?
We have set out our policy, but here we are 10 months on and I have no idea what the Conservatives’ policy is.
I am not even sure that they know what their policy is.
For all the shouting, there is no promise to reinstate a universal winter fuel payment.
There is one policy from the Leader of the Opposition, the very woman who called for the winter fuel payment to be means-tested in 2022: now, she wants to means-test the entire state pension.