They are the working people the Labour party was created to represent.
What is the Minister doing to ensure that more young people get into the trades, in particular partnering with local technical colleges like ours in Wigan and Leigh?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that question because, as the Prime Minister says, we are the party of the builders.
As my hon.
Friend says, the Labour party was created to serve the simple principle that working-class people could run the country.
The Department for Education is working closely with colleges and with us in the Department for Work and Pensions to create construction foundation apprenticeships from this August, which will give many more young people the tools they need for a career in the trades.
That is in addition to DWP support for employers, which we have recently expanded specifically with those trades he mentions in mind.
The rules and regulations that apply to employment, education or training in the Makerfield constituency should apply across this great United Kingdom.
Many of those in the construction sector that the Minister referred to, whether they are builders, carpenters, plumbers, plasterers or electricians, come from my constituency of Strangford across to London, so it is important that people in my constituency and across Northern Ireland get the same opportunities through the colleges.
Will the Minister ensure that discussions take place with Northern Ireland so that my constituency can continue to supply the people who build houses here in London?
I pay tribute to all those from the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency who have been part of building our whole country.
We work very closely with  the devolved Administrations across the United Kingdom to ensure that, as the Secretary of State laid out, chances and opportunities are there for everybody.
I look forward to working with the hon.
Gentleman as we move forward through our change programme.
What steps she is taking to help support young people not in education, employment or training.
Our new changed jobcentres will serve the whole of Great Britain.
The changes that we are bringing forward will mean more personalised help for everyone, but especially young people.
Frontline work coaches who help young people need better technology and more time to help them find the best opportunities.
The goal of our changes is to better serve employers and young people.
In the pandemic, young people were among the least at risk, but they gave up so much of their lives to protect those who were at risk.
No generation has made such a sacrifice for another since the war, but they have been badly let down: across the UK, one in eight are not in employment, education or training, and it is worse in Scotland, where the figure is one in six young Scots.
What steps is the Minister taking to mitigate the inaction of the SNP Scottish Government and build a better future for young Scots?
As I just mentioned, our new jobcentres will create a universal service across Great Britain.
We must make those changes to serve young people.
My hon.
Friend makes an excellent point about the pandemic generation, who deserve much better from us all.
I know that his city of Edinburgh is full of chances and opportunities that we cannot let go to waste.
Given the role of Edinburgh and Glasgow in our visitor economy, I am sure that he will be interested in the work we are doing with UKHospitality to help more young people to have an opportunity in that great sector.
Struggling to make ends meet, paying bills, buying work appropriate clothing and paying for public transport all affect someone’s ability to get and keep a job.
That is just as true for under-25s as it is for anybody else, but the Government continue to maintain a lower rate of universal credit for young people when there is no guarantee that they have financial support from their families.