Member for Stockton West (Matt Vickers)  will remember from our long discourse on these matters in Committee.
No.
For me, border security sits alongside fixing potholes, tackling graffiti and fly-tipping, and stopping e-scooter and e-bike speeding.
It is obviously more complicated—for one thing, it involves a great deal of international negotiation—but border security is security.
It is vital for people’s safety and pride.
It underpins so much.
If people cannot rely on the basics, they cannot begin to enjoy everything else that life has to offer.
If people cannot see pledges being kept, promises being delivered and things being improved where they live, they will not just lose trust; they will succumb to hopelessness.
We must not allow the spirit of our people to break.
We must get the basics right, and with the Bill we will do that.
We will secure our borders with this Bill and these amendments.
We will have new powers on seizing electronic devices, a new law to protect life at sea, a new statutory border security command, tougher action on foreign national sex offenders, and the ending of asylum hotels that cost eye-watering sums.
It is in our national interest to get our borders back under control against criminal smuggler gangs.
In order to understand the politics of where we are, I have been looking back at old debates, and Conservative Members may enjoy hearing what I am about to say.
With our policies and politics on border security, as with much else, I feel that we could benefit from listening to a question that was put by the first Earl of Stockton in his maiden speech in the other place in 1985.
He said:
“Should we just slowly and majestically sink…like a great ship—or shall we make a new determined and united effort… Let us do the latter and then historians of the future will not describe…the decline and fall of Britain but…the beginning of a new and glorious renaissance.
”—[Official Report, House of Lords,  23 January 1985 ; Vol.
459, c. 254.]
As the Member of Parliament for Bournemouth East, I want to work with all in this place who share the former Conservative Prime Minister’s moderation and  determination to have a united effort to bring about a better Britain.
That involves fixing the basics, such as border security.
After all, it would be an absurdity for small boats to sink a bigger ship.
That is an important concern.
As my hon.
Friend knows, we are determined to open up opportunities for people who have been out of work,  often for a long time, on health and disability grounds, and to give them the chance to get into work through much better employment support.
However, we recognise that there will be people who will never be able to work.
Under the proposals for claims for the new universal credit health element, from next April, a higher payment will protect those with the most severe lifelong conditions that have no prospect of improvement, and who will never be able to work.
Eligibility for that will be through the work capability assessment conditions criteria.
I refer the House to my declaration in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests about the help that I receive from the Refugee, Asylum and Migration Policy Project.
I am also the co-chair of the all-party parliamentary group on migration.
I welcome the Government’s action in the Bill to repeal parts of the previous Government’s repeated gimmicks and nonsense legislation in the last Parliament.
I will speak to new clauses 1, 2 and 37, all of which I have sponsored.
New clause 1 was tabled by my right hon.
Friend—apologies, I should have said my hon.
Friend  the Member for Nottingham East (Nadia Whittome) ; she is not right honourable, but she should be.
The new clause would require the Home Office to publish quarterly statistics and information on deaths in the asylum system and small boat channel crossings.