The changes announced recently to the rates of universal credit protect the incomes of those with the most severe lifelong conditions who will never be able to work.
We will also guarantee that, for both new and existing claims, those in this group will not need to be reassessed in future.
Those are baked into the Green Paper proposals.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
The number of job vacancies is falling month on month under this Labour Government, but the number of people employed is also falling.
Could the right hon.
Lady admit what this means is happening in the economy?
It is quite interesting to get that question from the shadow Secretary of State, since under her Government the employment rate did not get back to where it was pre-covid—the only country in the G7 not to do so.
She left 1 million young people not in education, employment or training, and she left near record numbers of people—2.8 million—out of work due to long-term  sickness.
Businesses are still desperate to recruit.
We are overhauling the system to ensure that people get the support they need.
I am disappointed that the Secretary of State did not answer the question.
I can answer it, if she will not.
It means that businesses have stopped hiring, the growing economy that we left is being hammered by the Government’s jobs tax, and thousands of young people are leaving school and university with worse prospects than this time last year.
Businesses need a Government who understand them and back them—that is what jobs depend on.
She needs businesses to hire people so she can hit her employment target.
What is her message to them?
The shadow Secretary of State fails to recognise that job vacancies were falling under her Government.
I would say to her that we are inundated with businesses that are desperate to recruit and to get young people the skills they need.
I met a whole group of businesses in Leicestershire last week who are really keen to work with us.
I suggest the hon.
Lady takes a good, long, hard look at her own party’s record—the number of people she left on the scrapheap—say sorry and get her own policies right first.
I have been in touch with a constituent who has a disability and needs help with showering and dressing.
She is concerned that, under our proposed reforms, she will not score enough points to continue receiving the daily living portion of PIP.
I welcome the Secretary of State’s announcement that the Government are reviewing the PIP assessment, including the descriptors, but can she confirm that cases like that of my constituent will be considered as part of the review?
I recognise my hon.
Friend’s concern.
We will engage stakeholders to consider the scope of the review before publishing terms of reference.
In the review we will consider whether the assessment criteria effectively target the right people at the right level.
We will look at the descriptors and consider the points allocated to them.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
With 300,000 people set to be plunged into poverty through the proposals in the Green Paper and 700 families set to go deeper into poverty, will the Secretary of State advise how changes to PIP will ensure that people with disabilities are living their best lives?
The crucial thing is to improve the employment support for people who are out of work on health and disability grounds.
As the hon.
Gentleman knows, we have an ambitious programme, Connect to Work, which is being rolled out this calendar year, building up to an additional £1 billion a year in employment support by the end of the Parliament.
At the moment there are 200,000 people out of work on health and disability grounds who say they would like to be in a job now, and could be in a job now, if they had the support they need.