Data shared with me by Dermot Devlin from Disabled People Against Cuts shows that £50 million has been spent on PIP appeals in the past year alone, and also that His Majesty’s Courts and Tribunals Service has reported that over 70% of those PIP appeals have been successful.
When people are put through the harrowing process of being told that their PIP appeal is not appropriate and having to go through the entire appeal system, what are Ministers doing to ensure that any changes make that system friendly to those using it?
I would be very happy to have a conversation with the hon.
Gentleman about the assessment process and the mandatory reconsideration process, but I would also say to him that I do not recognise those statistics.
Indeed, under the current statistics, appeals are down by 16% on the previous year to January 2025.
The other point that I would make to him is that while around 20% of applications are subject to a mandatory reconsideration, only around 5% of those are successful.
The Centre for Inclusive Living in Dudley, which supports those with disabilities, and many residents have written to me to raise concerns about the PIP entitlement criteria and assessment.
What reassurances can my hon.
Friend give that this Government will protect those most vulnerable in society and that those with disabilities will be enabled, not disabled?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising her constituents’ concerns and say to them that, as my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State said at the beginning of this session, we have this week announced a broader review of the PIP assessment process that I hope in due course, and by working with stakeholders, will be able to give my hon.
Friend’s constituents and stakeholder organisations considerable reassurance.
Can the Minister explain why it appears that telephone assessments for PIP have a significantly higher success rate in applications than face-to-face applications?
I am not able to explain the reason for that difference, but I am able to reassure the right hon.
Gentleman that we are looking to move away from telephone appointments and return as quickly as possible to assessments made face to face wherever we are able to do so.
Can the Minister give us more information on what the PIP assessment review will look like?
As my hon.
Friend will appreciate, the review has only been announced today.
There are a considerable number of strands to it that will be led by my right hon.
Friend the Minister for Social Security and Disability.
What I can tell my hon.
Friend is that, as my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State said earlier, that work is beginning this week by reaching out, as is entirely appropriate, to those stakeholder organisations, who will feed in to the purpose and scope of that work moving forward.
What progress her Department has made on its review of the personal independence payment assessment system.
As I said in response to an earlier question, it is over a decade since PIP was introduced and there have been significant shifts in the nature of disability and long-term conditions in this country, as well as changes in wider society and the workplace.
That is why our Green Paper announced our plans to review the PIP assessment, working with disabled people, the organisations  that represent them, and others.
We are starting that work today, inviting key organisations representing disabled people in to discuss the terms of reference, which we will publish, and we will continue to keep the House updated as our work progresses.
There has rightly been a lot of focus on the 250,000 people the Government’s own impact assessment says will be pushed into poverty by this cruel disability benefit cut, but the true impact on poverty will be even worse.
New DWP figures, obtained from a freedom of information request, show that 700,000 families already in poverty will be hit even harder.