I call the Chair of the Justice Committee.
Last week, the Justice Committee visited Wandsworth prison and noted improvements, but from a very low base.
We heard that the poor reputation of some prisons, including rising violence, makes recruitment more difficult.
That is the legacy of 14 years of starving prisons of resources.
What are the current Government doing to improve the recruitment and retention of prison officers?
My hon.
Friend is completely correct: we inherited a prison system in crisis, where prisons were on the edge of collapse.
Reducing violence in prisons is a key priority.
That is why we have taken the actions we have in building new prisons and in the sentencing review: to ensure that we always have prison spaces to lock dangerous people up.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
No prison officer should go to work in fear that they may leave in an ambulance.
I therefore send my sympathies and those of the Liberal Democrats to the officer injured at  HMP Belmarsh.
Assaults on prison staff have doubled since 2015—a reality for which the Conservatives should hang their heads in shame.
The Government must now get a grip.
The Prison Officers Association, which is holding its conference in my constituency this week, has requested more protective equipment.
The Ministry of Justice is reviewing that, but will it accelerate the review to ensure that officers get that support now, not next month?
Recruitment and retention issues also compromise prison officers’ safety, so what are the Government doing to address that?
Will not discontinuing prison officer graduate schemes such as Unlocked Graduates compromise safety?
How is the MOJ robustly rehabilitating violent offenders to reduce the risk they pose to prison officers and our communities?
Immediately after the incident at HMP Frankland, the Lord Chancellor, the Prisons Minister in the other place and I met the Prison Officers Association.
That was a significant discussion, and commitments were made to ensure that things were addressed properly and correctly.
The Prisons Minister will be speaking shortly at the Prison Officers Association conference.
The reviews that are in place are being done in fast time, but they need to be done properly so that we can learn the lessons and take the appropriate actions.
They also need input from the people who know exactly what is going on: those in the workforce and those who manage our prisons.
I confirm my interest as a member of the Justice Committee.
Does the Minister agree that overcrowding in prisons is a cause of increased violence towards our prison officers and that that is a direct result of how the previous Government dealt with our prisons system?
Will he please outline what steps are being taken to reduce overcrowding in our prisons?
My hon.
Friend is completely right to say that prison overcrowding makes addressing these issues far more difficult.
That is why the Government have pledged to continue building the remaining 20,000 prison places, which the last Government failed to deliver.
In 10 months, this Government have already added more than 2,000 prison places.
The Conservative Government added 500 places in 14 years.
Surely as a minimum, any prisoner who assaults a prison officer should automatically forfeit any right to early release and all privileges.
Does the Minister agree?
If so, when will he introduce that change?
If not, why not?
The right hon.
Member is right to say that anything that happens should be dealt with immediately by the prison authorities, and that is exactly what is happening.
That is why these reviews are in place: to learn the lessons so that appropriate action can be taken and appropriate steps put in place for the future, taking into account the issues she raised, among others.
This Government inherited a violent, squalid prison estate, which makes the job of prison officers much more difficult and dangerous.