We have also seen a real increase in recent years in the numbers of younger people and those with mental health conditions, so it is right that we now have a review of the PIP assessment process.
This is a highly sensitive issue, and it will take time, but my right hon.
Friend the Minister for Social Security and Disability and I will be doing this in consultation with disabled people and the organisations that represent them, and we will begin inviting them in from this week.
I also very much hope that all Members of Parliament can feed into this process, including with the organisations in their own constituencies.
The Secretary of State will be aware of our concerns around the changes and the damages they could do to the most vulnerable.
She will also be aware of the implications for the Scottish Government who administer this.
Will she at least give me the assurance that the full details about how the changes will interact with devolved powers will come before a vote is brought to this Chamber?
My right hon.
Friend the Minister for Social Security and Disability is working closely with all the devolved Administrations to ensure that the changes work in every part of the country.
I also say to Opposition Members that we want to ensure that disabled people in Scotland have the same rights, chances and choices to get into work, stay in work and get on in their work, so I hope the hon.
Member will be keen to work with us on those issues, too.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
In my constituency, more than 3,000 people are set to lose the lifeline that is PIP.
When we look at other elements of the Green Paper, 3.2 million families across the country are set to lose out.
Often, those who benefit from PIP are from the most deprived communities in the United Kingdom, and those are set to be hit hardest.
Will the Secretary of State advise how the Government are considering the economic impact of the cuts on these communities with high levels of deprivation?
The hon.
Gentleman’s figures are the number of people right now who may have fewer than four points on PIP.
These changes are not coming in overnight—they would not be implemented until November next year—and many people’s health conditions change,  so it is not right to say that that is the exact number who would lose out.
We want to ensure that anyone who does lose out has their eligible care and health needs met, as well as having the employment support they need.
We know that many disabled people want to work.
They have too often been denied opportunities to get into work, and this Government want to change that.
What steps she is taking to support young people into employment, education or training in Makerfield constituency.
It is an unacceptable part of the Conservative legacy that almost 1 million young people are out of work or education and have little hope of a good start in life.
That is why, as part of the plan to get Britain working, we will create a guarantee for all young people aged 18 to 21 in England to ensure they have access to high-quality training or an apprenticeship, or have help to find work.
That plan will be vital to young people everywhere, including in Makerfield’s towns.
In the towns I represent, the largest type of private employment is the trades.
Bricklayers, plumbers, electricians—these are the people who build our nation’s future and on whom our future security and prosperity depend.
They are the working people the Labour party was created to represent.
What is the Minister doing to ensure that more young people get into the trades, in particular partnering with local technical colleges like ours in Wigan and Leigh?
I thank my hon.