What is the Minister doing to bring down levels of violence in our jails?
My hon.
Friend is right to point that out.
A violence reduction training module is available to all staff to help them better understand the drivers of violence and how to mitigate and manage those risks, including the use of a case management model for those at raised risk of being violent.
Measures to ease prison crowding are vital for improving prison safety, as we know that crowded conditions can fuel violence.
In recent years, prisons have expanded security measures, such as X-ray body scanners and airport-style enhanced gate security, to tackle the smuggling of drugs, mobile phones and other contraband that can drive violence in prisons.
We must always be alert and moving things forward because the situation is forever changing.
Does the Minister accept that the safety and security of our prison officers should always come before protecting the rights of convicted criminals?
Will he provide stab vests and Tasers for all officers who request them?
I agree wholeheartedly that the safety and security of our prison staff must always come first and foremost.
To address the other part of the hon.
Member’s question, I have already indicated that a review is going on.
That needs to be done properly and effectively, and we will come back and inform the House in due course.
Violence in prisons rose sharply as investment and staffing fell under the previous Government.
I spoke to a prison officer who got an award for his bravery in dealing with one of the many incidents at the prison.
He took his daughter to receive the award, and afterwards she begged him to stop doing the job.
He no longer was a prison officer after that.
What are the Government doing to halt the levels of violence and increase staffing levels?
I congratulate that prison officer for the award he got and the work he did.
The Assaults on Emergency Workers (Offences) Act 2018 requires courts to consider the fact that serious offences were committed against emergency workers.
The Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 doubled the maximum penalty to two years, so there are actions in place, but we need to be ever vigilant on this matter.
That is why  the right hon.
Member for Newark (Robert Jenrick)  was right to ask the urgent question: we need to be ever vigilant and work ever harder with the brilliant people who run and work in our prisons.
As co-chair of the justice unions parliamentary group, I know that unions have been raising the problem of safety and violence against staff in prisons for years under the previous Government, which underfunded them and let them down.
Will the Minister commit to meet unions at the launch in July of the newly updated “Safe Inside” prisons charter developed by the Joint Unions in Prisons Alliance, a coalition of nine unions representing workers in prisons, and that His Majesty’s Prison and Probation Service will accept the recommendations in the charter?
I am happy to meet those unions and the right hon.
Member on the charter.
Obviously, until we see the charter, it is difficult to know where things are going on that, but I am sure that HMPPS will be proactive in working with all the associations on getting the charter right.
Ministers will recall the horrific attack on prison staff at HMP Frankland in Durham last month.
While I was grateful for the Minister for Prisons’ reply to my correspondence, I noted the lack of commitment around the issuing of stab-proof vests on the high-security estate.
That is a key ask from the Prison Officers Association.