Ministers will recall the horrific attack on prison staff at HMP Frankland in Durham last month.
While I was grateful for the Minister for Prisons’ reply to my correspondence, I noted the lack of commitment around the issuing of stab-proof vests on the high-security estate.
That is a key ask from the Prison Officers Association.
While I welcome the Minister’s words today when he said that it will be looked into, I ask that it is done at pace because too many prison officers are worried about whether they will come out of work in their own vehicle or in the back of an ambulance.
Where an assessment is needed for stab-proof vests now, they can be deployed, but following the recent incident at HMP Frankland, HMPPS has commissioned a review to establish whether it is necessary for prison officers to wear protective body armour routinely.
The review will inform any decision on the use of protective body armour on the prison estate and will report in June.
June is next month, so it is happening pretty quickly, and rightly so because this is an urgent issue.
We all understand the need to strike the right operational atmosphere and balance in prisons, but in the interests of the retention and recruitment of prison officers, which is absolutely key if our prison estate is to work effectively, I hope that—irrespective of what the review might advise—the Minister and the Department will move speedily to a position whereby the wearing of anti-stab clothing and the carrying of Tasers and other equipment becomes de facto and routine, rather than merely happening in response to gleaned internal intelligence.
Otherwise, there will be a crisis in the retention and recruitment of officers.
It is crucial that prison officers are equipped with the right protective equipment to do their job safely and securely.
The purpose of these reviews is to ensure that we get that right.
Many of my constituents work at HMP Frankland, which is in the constituency of my hon.
Friend  the Member for City of Durham (Mary Kelly Foy) .
I met representatives of the  Prison Officers Association last week.
Two of the concerns they raised were about equipment.
They said that during the horrific terrorist attack by Hashem Abedi, they were unable to use batons because the space was too small to wield them, and he was so enraged that pepper spray had no effect on him.
They clearly need additional equipment, so what steps are being taken on that?
If, as the POA told me, activist lawyers and the courts are insisting that dangerous terrorist prisoners have access to kettles and the ability to use kitchens, will the Government consider changes to primary legislation to enable those privileges to be removed from that category of prisoner?
Let me say straightaway that access to kitchens has been immediately withdrawn.
A review of equipment is taking place.
The point that my hon.
Friend makes about the intelligence he has had from prison officers at HMP Frankland illustrates the complexity around that issue.
That is why we need to take our time to get this right while moving at pace and coming back to the House fairly quickly.
Thirty-two prison staff were killed in Northern Ireland by terrorists and their criminal associates.
What steps is the Minister taking to ensure that our prison officer staff are safe both inside and outside prisons, as we see an escalation in terrorist activity across this United Kingdom?
Will he raise that issue at the five nations forum on prisons?
I can certainly commit to ensuring that that is raised at the five nations forum.
The hon.
Gentleman raises a sensitive and serious issue that needs to be addressed in the right and proper way.
I thank him for his question.
I have met constituents who are prison officers.