I think we have just had the plug and the advertisement.
To ask the Leader of the House if she will give us the forthcoming business.
The business for the week commencing  25 March  will include:
Monday 25 March —Remaining stages of the Investigatory Powers (Amendment) Bill [Lords], followed by a motion relating to the appointment of an acting parliamentary and health service ombudsman.
Tuesday 26 March —Committee of the whole House and remaining stages of the Pedicabs (London) Bill [Lords], followed by a debate on a motion relating to the national policy statement for national networks.
The House will rise for the Easter recess at the conclusion of business on  Tuesday 26 March  and return on  Monday 15 April .
The provisional business for the week commencing  15 April  includes:
Monday 15 April —Consideration of a Lords message to the Safety of Rwanda (Asylum and Immigration) Bill, followed by debate on a motion on hospice funding.
The subject for this debate was determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Tuesday 16 April —Second Reading of the Tobacco and Vapes Bill.
Wednesday 17 April —If necessary, consideration of a Lords message to the Safety of Rwanda (Asylum and Immigration) Bill, followed by Second Reading of the Finance (No.
2) Bill.
Thursday 18 April —Debate on a motion on access to redress schemes, followed by debate on a motion on the covid-19 pandemic response and trends in excess deaths.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 19 April —Private Members’ Bills.
First, may I congratulate Vaughan Gething on his election as First Minister of Wales?
Vaughan has made history as the first black leader of any European country, which is something I am sure the whole House can be proud of—we certainly are.
Following my question last week, it is good to see that the Tobacco and Vapes Bill has now been timetabled, although it looks like the Government will be relying on our votes to pass their flagship Bill.
I also welcome the Football Governance Bill finally being published, but when will we get its Second Reading?
This could have been our last business questions before a general election in May, but the Prime Minister bottled it.
He may hope that going later increases his chances, but he has quickly found out that he has made things worse.
He is being buffeted by events rather  than being in control of them, with more division, more chatter and his authority ebbing away day after day.
The many resets are not working.
The public are just sick to death of Tory chaos.
No wonder we are rising early for Easter.
The House of Commons guide to procedure states that the Government should reply to the recommendations in a Select Committee report within two months, so where is the Leader of the House’s response to the Procedure Committee’s report on the accountability of Secretaries of State in the Lords?
It was published over two months ago, and she has repeatedly told us that she would reply to it.
When will she bring forward the motion?
Just this week, the Foreign Office had to be dragged to Parliament again to discuss the horrific situation in Gaza and Rafah.
It is not on.
She said she wanted the views of the Lords Procedure and Privileges Committee first.
However, I understand that she has still not contacted it.
Has she?
Let us address the elephant in the room.
There is an unusual level of interest in today’s business questions, following the swirling rumours and speculation.
Thousands of column inches have been written about the unfolding drama.
Will she, won’t she?
When will it come to a head?
Yet the Leader of the House has remained tight-lipped, ducking the question, but now we have the answer.
The Rwanda ping-pong will not take place until after Easter.