With great respect to the hon.
Lady, she knows full well that her council attempted to have an active travel scheme in Jesmond, and it so messed it up that it had to scrap the scheme.
The LTN was scrapped, and there were 23,000 objections and a considerable waste of money.
With due respect, active travel is doing a great job, and we support it, but councils have to take local communities with them.[Official Report,  25 March 2024 , Vol.
747, c. 14MC.] (
Correction)
What steps he is taking to improve rail services.
Officials and I are focusing on improving rail services in the short and long term.
This week, I brought together representatives from across the rail industry for a leaders in rail session to discuss how, collectively, we can make changes to deliver a better passenger experience.
Longer term, we remain committed to bringing track and train back together under Great British Railways, and to continuing to build on the £100 billion of investment since 2010.
Carshalton and Wallington is one of the poorer parts of London for connectivity.
It was promised that the ultra low emission zone would bring additional public transport investment, but instead the 455 bus has been scrapped, the Go Sutton bus has been scrapped, the 410 bus service is being reduced, and the Superloop is just an existing bus route that has been rebranded.
One thing that would improve connectivity is delivering on the Croydon area remodelling scheme that National Rail and Network Rail are working on to improve connectivity in London and the south-east.
What discussions is the Department having with Network Rail about moving this project forward?
I thank my hon.
Friend, who is an absolute champion of that project, and he makes his point clear.
Upgrades made in the Gatwick area are already delivering significant improvements to the Brighton main line, and the industry continually reviews how best to respond to changes in demand.
I understand that my hon.
Friend has been in discussions with the operator on the options for increasing capacity on busy weekend services between Carshalton and London Victoria, and  that Govia Thameslink Railway will shortly respond to him directly.
I will continue to work with him on the enhancement project that he champions.
The leader of Nottinghamshire County Council, who has a nice side hustle as  the hon.
Member for Mansfield (Ben Bradley) , once said:
“The full delivery of HS2’s Eastern Leg is what the East Midlands needs to support and create highly skilled jobs, link communities to opportunities and decarbonise our transport network.”
As he failed to persuade the Prime Minister, who cancelled that vital investment in our region’s rail services, can the Minister tell me how we will now deliver the transformative change to our connectivity, sustainability, job creation, productivity and social mobility that HS2 promised?
Filling a few potholes will not cut it.
I certainly look forward to the day when my hon.
Friend  the Member for Mansfield (Ben Bradley)  is also an excellent East Midlands Mayor, and we are devolving more powers to the east midlands to help him with that task.
The hon.
Member for Nottingham South (Lilian Greenwood)  references HS2 moneys, from which more than a £1 billion will be allocated to the Mayor of the East Midlands to spend on the transport projects that he and, indeed, the hon.
Lady may want.
That allows us to devolve more projects to the local area, and we have been absolutely clear that all the moneys that have been saved as a result of the HS2 cancellation will be reinvested primarily in the north and the midlands.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
The recent Budget contains welcome additional funding for east-west rail.
What are the Minister’s intentions for that additional funding?