I hope he will be pleased to know that we will make it clear to local councils that when they put their plans together, Members of Parliament should be involved in developing schemes so that he and other hon.
Members can represent their constituents and their local transport priorities.
I call the shadow Minister.
If the Secretary of State wants to improve connectivity between our great northern cities, he might want to start by repairing the roads.
The backlog of local road repairs has gone up by 16% this year alone to £16.3 billion.
The Network North announcement is spread over 11 years, and its average annual contribution accounts for only a third of the £2.3 billion annual increase in the backlog.
That is not all going to roads anyway, and it will go nowhere near addressing the damage done since 2016, when the Government slashed the road repair budget in half.
When will the Secretary of State apologise to road users for the damage that his Government have caused and admit that they have failed to repair the potholes?
What the hon.
Gentleman says is interesting.
We made a commitment to take the money from the cancellation of the second phase of High Speed 2 to make £8.3 billion available for local road maintenance—[Interruption.]
Yes, it is over 11 years, but we made the first tranche of money available this financial year, and again next financial year.
We will set out the allocations in due course.
That money is available only because we made the decision to cancel the second phase of HS2.
Labour cannot give a straight answer on that question, and it has not committed to spending that £8.3 billion at all.
Drivers know that they will only get that investment with a Conservative Government.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
We are getting on with delivering the plan for drivers, with new statutory guidance requiring local support for low-traffic neighbourhoods and strengthened guidance supporting 20 mph limits where they make sense—not in blanket measures, as in Wales.
If councils do not listen, they could see their future funding affected.
We are consulting on removing the profit motive from council traffic enforcement while speeding up traffic lights across the country.
As I just said, that follows our record funding increase for improving our roads, with £8.3 billion of reallocated HS2 funding—something that Opposition Members have refused to support.
There is nothing wrong with driving, and the plan for drivers, which was dismissed as nonsense by the shadow Secretary of State, shows that only the Government are on the side of drivers.
I thank the Minister for buses,  the hon.
Member for Hexham (Guy Opperman) , for sharing with me the list of actions he managed to elicit from  north-east bus operators following my debate on real-time bus information.
However, no dates were given.
This afternoon, our fantastic candidate for North East Mayor, Kim McGuinness, is launching her vision for transport in the north-east.
Can the Minister confirm that those actions will be fulfilled to enable her to deliver on her commitment to real-time bus information as soon as possible?
I am pleased to be able to tell the hon.
Lady that within a week of her debate in Westminster Hall, my hon.
Friend the Minister for buses made sure that those meetings took place, so the actions that are necessary are under way.
I am sure that my hon.
Friend will be able to update her on the specific timeline in due course.
The Rail Minister is well aware that Network Rail continues to let down disabled residents and visitors and families at Chalkwell station by repeatedly failing to install the much-needed disabled lift.
This is the seventh time I have raised this issue in this place.
Two years ago, I was promised that the lift would be installed this year.