I hope that the Committee will complete its report by July; the Government will have two months to respond to the recommendations, and if we have cross-party support for an integrated rail body that brings track and train together, I hope we will be able to bring in legislation to that effect, and improve rail services for everyone.
High Speed 2, with its out-of-control costs, is compounding local misery, because it is now set to close the vital artery of Old Oak Common Lane for four to five years.
We only know that because it leaked out, which shows the Government’s disregard for community and transparency.
What assurances can the Minister give about funding for the Euston leg, so that the world-class interchange that we were promised does not end up being the terminus, and so that my long-suffering residents do not pay the price of Government project mismanagement by being hemmed in until 2030 because they cannot get on their one access road to the outside?
An Old Oak Common terminus provides a great opportunity for regeneration in the area.
I have visited a number of times, and I am committed to working with the community to minimise impacts.
One of the ways that is being done is by ensuring that the spoil is removed by conveyor, rather than by lorry.
We do seek to minimise the impact; we recognise that when new rail stations are built, there is an impact.
Turning to the hon.
Lady’s concern about Euston, I have met our property developer partners Lendlease.
Our aim is to deliver not just a station, but the largest public sector land deal in London, which will completely regenerate the area.
It will deliver offices, jobs and homes, and will also provide the funding to deliver the station, not just for HS2 but for Network Rail.
We are committed to ensuring that Network North delivers that station.
I call the shadow Minister.
Earlier this month, the National Audit Office issued a damning report that made it clear that this Government’s refusal to bring forward long-delayed rail reforms is costing taxpayers dearly.
Avanti West Coast made the amount of waste in our rail system crystal clear when it bragged about getting “free money” from Government, despite the truly shocking service that it delivers, so it should come as no surprise that yesterday, northern Mayors and council leaders unanimously called for Avanti to lose its contract due to its appalling service.
The question for the Minister today is simple: will he strip Avanti of its contract—yes or no?
No, we will not.
The reason is that there are issues with the west coast main line that will remain, regardless of who the operator is.
It is essential to get underneath the bonnet, look at the issues and fix them, rather than looking just at what is on the side of the car.
To take just one four-week period from Christmas, 65% of the delays in that period were down not to the operator but Network Rail, and they involved weather-related issues as well as trespass and, sadly, suicides, which we need to minimise.
We also have issues with restrictive contracts, and I would like change there.
For example, Avanti is unique as an operator, in the sense that its drivers will not double-trip.
They will do one return journey, but will not go over the same leg of rail twice. [
Interruption.]
The hon.
Member for Sheffield, Heeley (Louise Haigh)  asks whose fault that is.
That contract was agreed in 1997, so maybe we know whose fault it was.
That sums up this ludicrous situation: we are talking about a contract from 1997 that was due to end in five years, in 2002, yet that contract between the union and any operator remains.
Until we can make progress on restrictive contracts, we will not be able to make changes.