The skies are darkening.
Brutal dictators with powerful weapons at their disposal are on the rise.
The democracies are on the backfoot rather than the front.
History tells us time and again, and indeed ad nauseam, that the appeasement of dictators—be they called Adolf Hitler or Vladimir Putin—does not work.
We should be increasing the defence budget to at least 3% of GDP—what my right hon.
Friend  the Member for New Forest East (Sir Julian Lewis)  used to call “at least three to keep us free”—not cutting it, as we now are, and pretending that we are not.
The first duty of Government, above all others, is the defence of the realm, and we forget that at our peril.
Si vis pacem, para bellum.
My hon.
Friend raised this issue with the Prime Minister only yesterday; she is a fantastic campaigner on issues relating to the Tamar bridge.
I accept entirely that the Tamar Bridge and Torpoint Ferry joint committee has recently looked at the situation.
An application is being considered by the Transport Secretary, and I am happy to meet her again to discuss it further.
The Vice-Chamberlain of the Household reported to the House, That His Majesty, having been attended with its Address of 7th November, was pleased to receive the same very graciously and give the following Answer:
I have received with great satisfaction the dutiful and loyal expression of your thanks for the speech with which I opened the present Session of Parliament.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What recent assessment he has made of the adequacy of bus service levels in England.
What recent assessment he has made of the adequacy of local bus services.
What steps he is taking to improve bus services in Leeds.
The Government continue to provide unprecedented investment into buses.
Since the pandemic, we have announced more than £4.5 billion of support for bus services in England outside London, including £1 billion recently reallocated from HS2 to improve services in the north and the midlands through Network North.
Bus passenger journeys in England increased by 19% to 3.4 billion in the year ending March 2023, and we are seeing patronage increase in some areas.
It has been three years since the Government published their national bus strategy, but we are still waiting for the promised guidance on what constitutes “socially and economically necessary” bus services for which local authorities can provide subsidies.
While we wait, people in Stapleton, in my constituency, are having to walk a mile to get to a bus stop to catch a  bus to the city centre, because First Bus says it is not commercially profitable to run a service through Stapleton and there is no money to subsidise it.
Last July, a Minister told me that guidance would be issued in this Parliament, which is clearly close to coming to an end.
When will we see that guidance?
We particularly want to try to assist the hon.
Lady and her local authority with the finances.
The West of England combined authority receives £1.1 million every year through the bus service operators grant to subsidise socially necessary bus services.
It has also been allocated in excess of £1.2 billion in city region sustainable transport settlements 1 and 2 to deliver transport infrastructure, which includes the bus infrastructure the hon.
Lady requires.
As a regular bus user myself, I recognise it when people in rural Devon tell me that some buses fail to appear, meaning they miss connections with trains as a result.
The services are well used by college students.
Unreliable bus services not only affect the productivity of the college students, but of their parents who are then called upon to help the students make the journey to college, curtailing their working day.
What can the Government do to encourage better co-ordination between rail and buses to get students to college on time?
That depends on funding, as the hon.