Friend knows, the Government are passionately committed to improving the A12.
Only recently it was the subject of litigation brought by one individual.
I will happily sit down with my hon.
Friend, who for many a year has been a doughty campaigner for Romford.
I entirely agree with him that this needs to be addressed.
Sadly, Marks & Spencer announced yesterday that it would be closing its store in Doncaster, but would be expanding its operation to a retail outlet where there is free parking.
Will the Secretary of State come to Doncaster to see how poor planning in connection with pedestrianisation, cycle lanes and expensive parking is driving customers out of Doncaster and turning my city into a ghost town?
Hopefully, with his help we can reverse this trend.
I was delighted to visit my hon.
Friend recently, engage with him and deal with the individual points that he raised, but I would be happy to sit down and talk to him again.
It seems to me that there is a way forward with buses and other forms of transport to help local residents to travel to the shopping centre that he has mentioned: surely the integrated, multimodal approach is the way ahead.
Following many conversations and much engagement, the Secretary of State and the Ministers are well aware that companies in the railway rolling stock supply chain, such as Hitachi Newton Aycliffe, face significant short-term challenges.
Next year we will celebrate the 200th anniversary of the first passenger railway in the world, which runs past a   Hitachi factory.
Can the Secretary of State update me on what he is doing to ensure that companies such as Hitachi have a long-term future in the UK to build the next generation of north-east trains?
My hon.
Friend has been a doughty campaigner for his constituents.
He has already raised this issue with me on a number of occasions, and I am glad that he has raised it again.
I have had frequent meetings with Hitachi’s management in both the UK and Japan, and we are working very hard to deal with the situation.
Hitachi’s HS2 order was confirmed on the original terms, and I am working with its representatives.
The Rail Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bexhill and Battle (Huw Merriman) , recently published the details of the future rolling stock that is in the pipeline, and Hitachi is very competitively placed to win orders for much of that.
I hope we will be able to reach a successful conclusion in the very near future.
Before we come to business questions, I have to inform the House that there is an error in the Future Business section of the Order Paper.
The Hunting Trophies (Import Prohibition) Bill, introduced by  the right hon.
Member for Warley (John Spellar) , should appear as the first item of business tomorrow.
It has been corrected in the online version, and will appear correctly on tomorrow’s Order Paper.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
May I thank you, and indeed the Clerks, for your speedy action in resolving this?
The test of an organisation is not whether mistakes happen—they do— but how quickly they are corrected.
I hope that your statement will also make clear to Members who were thinking of attending tomorrow that my Bill will be No.
1 on the Order Paper, and that they will be here to speed it on its way to the statute book.
I think we have just had the plug and the advertisement.
To ask the Leader of the House if she will give us the forthcoming business.
The business for the week commencing  25 March  will include:
Monday 25 March —Remaining stages of the Investigatory Powers (Amendment) Bill [Lords], followed by a motion relating to the appointment of an acting parliamentary and health service ombudsman.