Lady has said.
After all, we have seen inflation fall to 3.4% this week.
Real wages are rising, we have positive growth, household energy bills will fall by £250 a year in a couple of weeks’ time, average disposable incomes are growing and we have signed the accession treaty to the comprehensive and progressive agreement for trans-Pacific partnership, which will create a huge number of high-wage jobs.
It is confirmation that the plan is working when, on Thursdays, the Opposition focus not on these real-world facts but on the Westminster rumour vortex.
I will address the hon.
Lady’s points in turn.
First, I join her in congratulating Vaughan Gething.
I wish him well in his new post.
I am glad that the Opposition welcome the Tobacco and Vapes Bill and the Football Governance Bill, and I look forward to their support and involvement.
I am still in time to respond to the Procedure Committee’s report on the Foreign Secretary’s accountability to this House, on which their lordships will deliberate.
The hon.
Lady brought up Rwanda, and I wish to clarify that I have no wish to blame their lordships for the delay to that Bill.
I make it clear that I wish to blame Labour Lords for the delay.
For all Labour’s talk of being tough on borders, it has voted against our plans 111 times, and it has voted against our measures to stop the boats 98 times.
Despite its tough talk on crime, Labour has voted against our plans for tougher sentences and new police powers.
This week we have learned that, despite all the armed forces frottage coming from Labour Front Benchers, they are planning an EU defence pact at a time when all efforts should be with NATO, which has standards and clear and agreed principles about what it will do and under what circumstances, and it has been busy—Ukraine, Kosovo, Iraq, support for the African Union, Baltic air policing, Aegean maritime security, Operation Sea Guardian, a standing naval force and, of course, disaster relief.
In contrast, since its creation in 2007, the EU battle group, which has no such agreed threshold for deployment, has never got out the door.
There could be no greater metaphor to illustrate the differing approaches between our two parties: Labour is all talk, including 126 minutes on ferrets last week, whereas we offer practical action.
It is virtue signalling over there versus results over here.
It is unfunded policies over there versus costed proposals over here.
It is no plan versus a plan that is working.
To borrow from the  Opposition’s new-found heroine, Margaret Thatcher: if you want something saying, wait long enough and Labour will say it.
If you want something doing, vote Conservative.
Further business will be announced in the usual way.
I call the vice-Chair of the Backbench Business Committee.
As the House may be aware, the Chairman of the Backbench Business Committee is not able to be here because his daughter-in-law is seriously ill in hospital, and it is right that he is by her side at this time.
I am sure the whole House will wish her a speedy recovery. [
Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear.]
On behalf of the Committee, let me say that our debates in the Chamber are now full until  9 May , provided we are allocated the time by the Leader of the House.
Equally, we are full in Westminster Hall until  2 May —obviously, we will have control of that time.
So all those who wish to get applications in before the summer recess should do so quickly, as the Committee has been working overtime to process these applications.
The shocking rise in antisemitism and anti-Muslim hatred has been well publicised, but what has not been is the anti-Hindu hatred occurring on our campuses and across our country.