What steps is my hon.
Friend taking to ensure that vacancies are filled and operational training is prioritised?
That is a challenge.
The shortage of crew is largely down to sickness, the level of which is about 8.5%, which is too high.
We are working with the operator to ensure that it is working on that, and with the northern rail partnership, to ensure there is more resilience on that line.
The training backlog needs to be cleared, working in co-operation with the unions rather than them going on strike.
We should be able to ease that backlog and get a better service for my hon.
Friend and his constituents.
Last week, the Prime Minister failed to provide my constituents with any assurance about proposals for a train station in the Somerton and Langport area, but he did state that money was available to invest in local transport across the country.
Will my constituents see that money?
Once again, when will the Langport Transport Group hear back regarding its strategic business case, which it submitted almost two years ago?
I will happily write to the hon.
Lady and the Langport Transport Group so that they have a response, if they feel that that is outstanding.
The Prime Minister has committed to ensure that the Network  North money made available from the cancellation of High Speed 2 is spent where HS2 would have been delivered.
That mostly includes the north and the midlands, but there will be other projects in the rest of the country through the recycling of the funding from Euston.
The Secretary of State is well aware of the A12 widening scheme, and the concerns of my constituents about the route and design.
They are trying to engage with the Department and National Highways, but a one-person legal challenge is putting the entire project at risk, despite the Government’s financial investment.
Will the Secretary of State assure me that those communities will be consulted and engaged with despite the legal challenge, so that we can make progress?
I assure my right hon.
Friend that National Highways works closely with local communities when delivering major projects, and it will continue to do so on the A12 widening scheme.
My Department is committed to delivering the scheme, and granted consent for it on  12 January  but, as she said, it is subject to an application for judicial review.
I therefore cannot add anything further, but I will continue to work with her local residents.
If at any time she wants to raise issues with the scheme with me, I will be delighted to meet her.
I thank Ministers for facilitating discussions with the operators of the search and rescue helicopter service based in my constituency about the proposed response times.
They have been fairly productive so far, and we will see what the outcome is.
It is apparent already that the decisions are made solely on the basis of the number of calls and not the nature of the work undertaken.
If the contract conforms to that, can we ensure that future contracts do not leave us exposed in that way?
I know how important the helicopter search and rescue services are in Orkney and Shetland.
The right hon.
Gentleman has been a big campaigner for them, and has asked various questions and secured various debates on the matter.
A review is going on about the recent incident data which will report in the summer, and we expect to publish it by the end of the year.
That should include the answers to his questions.
We are investing more than £1 billion in the new search and rescue service.
The number of bases will go from 10 to 12 overall, and there will be no closure of bases and no change to services in Orkney and Shetland before October 2026.
As my hon.