The trial with LNER tries to give passengers greater flexibility.
They can now get on a train 70 minutes either side of the one that they booked, rather than just the one fixed train.
Only 11% of fares are impacted in that trial, and 55% are better value than before.
Working with our partners at LNER, we are trying to flatten out demand, rather than having crowded trains followed by quieter trains.
We hope to change the number of passengers on trains, which would make for a better service overall.
I will happily write to the hon.
Lady, because I believe that the trial has great merits.
We sometimes have to be bold and try fares and ticketing reform.
If we do not, we will never change the system that many criticise for being too complex.
Thanks to the support and determination of West Midlands Mayor Andy Street, we will see a train station and the return of passenger train services to Aldridge for the first time in 65 years, which is something many people thought would never happen.
The service will start at Walsall, but now that we have the west midlands rail hub, will my hon.
Friend agree to continue to work with me and others to secure a service to London?
Yes indeed.
Thanks to our great West Midlands Mayor Andy Street, we now have the midlands rail hub, which will better connect more than 50 stations across the midlands.
My right hon.
Friend has championed Aldridge station for many years, and it is now being delivered.
As she said, the service to Walsall will open, and it will have a car park as well as a platform service.
I am committed to working with her to extend that reach even further.
I congratulate her on delivering that station.
I call the shadow Secretary of State, Louise Haigh.
The Minister will have seen reports this week that 3,000 jobs are at risk at Alstom rail factory in Derby.
The Government told us that they were doing everything in their power to prevent those job losses, but they appear to be failing.
It gets worse: this morning, I received correspondence from Hitachi Rail, warning that despite years of representation to Ministers, no solution has been found that will keep its order books full and safeguard the future of 700 staff at its factory in Newton Aycliffe.
The Secretary of State has it in his power to vary contracts and commission the necessary orders.
When will he do that and protect those jobs?
The Secretary of State has led for the Department on the response to Hitachi and Alstom, and their understandable concerns about orders.
As I have said, we have a challenge, in that while fleet can last from 35 to 40 years, the average age of our fleet is under 17 years.
We have modernised 8,000 out of our 15,500 carriages, and as a result there is a lag with the order book.
We are doing everything we can to work with all four train manufacturers to bring more tenders through.
Those will be for the TransPennine Express, Northern, Southeastern and, as the Secretary of State mentioned, Chiltern Railways.
The work to find a resolution is done in partnership between train manufacturers, the Secretary of State and the Department, and we hope to find that resolution.
Whether he has made a recent assessment of the potential merits of dualling the North Cotswold Line between Oxford and Worcester.
I recognise my right hon.
Friend’s long-standing campaign on this scheme; she has worked alongside stakeholders including the North Cotswold Line Task Force.
We continue to work with local stakeholders on their aspirations for enhancements to the line.
I thank the team of Ministers for the £209 million that has been allocated to Worcestershire County Council from HS2 money, to help with local transport improvements.