The Rail Minister is well aware that Network Rail continues to let down disabled residents and visitors and families at Chalkwell station by repeatedly failing to install the much-needed disabled lift.
This is the seventh time I have raised this issue in this place.
Two years ago, I was promised that the lift would be installed this year.
I have now been told it will not even be started until next year.
This is a disgrace.
What can the Minister do to accelerate this project and address this poor performance?
There was a retendering at Chalkwell, and Network Rail found that the existing structures would not be suitable to deliver the project as it stood.
The design work is going on right now and building will happen next year.
My hon.
Friend is right that the delay is not acceptable.
I will meet her at Chalkwell station and bring the Network Rail team along so that we can talk her through the project and its challenges and, if we can, show how we will speed it up.
I call the shadow Minister.
If the Secretary of State is not spouting conspiracy theories, he is exuding incompetence.
Ashford authorities warned Parliament that 14 hours of queues were a “reasonable worst case” scenario with the implementation of the EU entry/exit system this autumn.
Why has he failed to adequately prepare for the queues at our ports and airports?
I just do not recognise the hon.
Gentleman’s characterisation.
We are working very hard with colleagues across Government.
I recently had a very good meeting with colleagues at the port of Dover, and we meet with other operators.
There are very good plans in place, work is proceeding at pace, and I am confident that the EES will go very smoothly when introduced.
The plans are in place and work is under way.
I call Mark Eastwood—not here.
I call Neale Hanvey.
I do not have a topical question.
I thank the Secretary of State and the Rail Minister for their support for my campaign to deliver a direct train service  between Cleethorpes and King’s Cross.
Will the Rail Minister give an update on when the service is likely to start?
I thank my hon.
Friend.
He has been a champion not only for Cleethorpes’ direct rail service, but for the east coast main line timetable change that was announced in the Budget.
We are now going through the stages with those who use the lines to ensure we do not have any timetabling issues like those that arose in May 2018.
I hope we will come to a position on this in some weeks and that I can give him more detail, but I very much hope to see those direct services to Cleethorpes.
This timetable change was designed to bring in great improvements such as the one he has championed.
Three years ago, levelling-up funding for the upgrade of the B714 in my constituency was announced.
So far no funds have been forthcoming.
If and when the funding is finally allocated, what support can the Secretary of State provide to help ensure that this funding is sufficient to fulfil the upgrade, given that the cost of labour and materials are now much higher than they were three years ago?
That is a matter for the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities.
I will take it up with the Department and make sure that it writes to the hon.
Lady.
Residents in Harrogate and Knaresborough often face train cancellations, sometimes at very short notice, causing much frustration and inconvenience.
A shortage of drivers and train crew is often the cause of the cancellations, and I have raised that with the train companies involved.
What steps is my hon.
Friend taking to ensure that vacancies are filled and operational training is prioritised?
That is a challenge.