We expect all operators to meet if not exceed those standards, and the UK continues to play a leading role internationally in driving up working conditions across the maritime sector.
We are pleased that, just this weekend, P&O Ferries has committed to signing the Seafarers’ Charter along with four other operators.
We will work with P&O Ferries to support it in its application for chartered status and assess its welfare standards against the charter’s requirements.
Two years on from P&O Ferries’ shocking attack on seafarer jobs, trade union rights and employment law, the legal loophole that it used to escape criminal sanctions has still not been closed.
The P&O seafarers were UK-based workers, but because P&O Ferries had flagged its ships out to Cyprus, Bermuda and the Bahamas, P&O and, crucially, the Government knew that criminal sanctions, including fines for the offences that it committed, would not apply.
Why have the Government not closed that loophole?
As I said, the Government have introduced a comprehensive package of measures to stop the abuse of seafarers.
In particular, we have introduced the Seafarers’ Wages Act 2023, which will come into force this summer and ensure the minimum wage for seafarers in the UK.
We have the minimum wage corridor that is opening up this summer with France, ensuring the minimum wage across the channel, and we have the seafarers’ charter, which raises standards far higher.
As I said, P&O and four other operators have applied  to join it.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Last Sunday marked the two-year anniversary of P&O Ferries illegally sacking 786 workers, but two years on nothing has changed.
This week an investigation by ITV and The Guardian revealed that P&O Ferries is not only paying many of its workers less than half the minimum wage but forcing staff to work 12-hour shifts seven days a week for up to 17 weeks at a time.
France’s maritime Minister has called that “dangerous” and “not moral”, and has changed the law to stop it happening.
The Seafarers’ Wages Act will not curb that treatment, nor will the Government’s voluntary charter, so when will the Government act to prevent those exploitative practices from happening in our waters?
The Government agree that seafarers should obviously not be working so hard that they are fatigued, that it is dangerous, and that operators have a duty to ensure that that is not the case.
The Seafarers’ Wages Act is obviously primarily focused on wages, and will ensure that seafarers get paid the minimum wage within UK waters.
One provision of the seafarers’ charter will ensure that the operators have rosters so that seafarers are not fatigued and overworked.
The Department will monitor compliance and work with the operators to ensure that seafarers are not fatigued.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
Further to the points made by the Labour Front Bencher, it is just over two years since nearly 800 P&O workers were summarily sacked and thrown off ferries.
We will finally debate the Government’s utterly supine and ineffective fire-and-rehire code of practice next week, but it is just over two months since the Government claimed that they were making substantial progress on implementing the nine-point plan for seafarer protections.
The Seafarers’ Wages Act still has not come into force, alongside a toothless and voluntary seafarers’ charter, which will not change how P&O operates, even if it signs up to it.
We all know that in this House, so is it not time that the Government took meaningful action and got behind our seafarers?
The Seafarers’ Wages Act will come into force this summer.
Unfortunately, it takes time to pass legislation, and we had to consult on it.
No one wants it to come into force quicker than I. The claim that the seafarers’ charter will have no impact is completely untrue.