We are investing more than £1 billion in the new search and rescue service.
The number of bases will go from 10 to 12 overall, and there will be no closure of bases and no change to services in Orkney and Shetland before October 2026.
As my hon.
Friend will know, I have serious reservations about the proposed lower Thames crossing and its ability to tackle congestion at the existing Dartford crossing.
Many of the arguments were rehearsed as part of the development consent order process, which completed on 20 December.
As I understand it, the Planning Inspectorate has three months from then to come up with a recommendation, which by my calculation was yesterday.
Can my hon.
Friend update the House on whether he has received a recommendation from the Planning Inspectorate and what the process  will be, so that I can ensure that the Department understands why many of my constituents and I do not believe that the proposed crossing is the answer to the problem?
My hon.
Friend is right in his estimation of the dates.
A decision will be made in a matter of months, and certainly by the summer.
I am very happy to sit down and have a discussion.
I will be visiting the site very shortly.
People across Chesterfield were delighted when the long-standing campaign for the Staveley regeneration route was given the thumbs up by the Government, but were then sent into despair when Derbyshire County Council said it did not have the funds to provide its small contribution towards it.
Will the Secretary of State update us on whether it will be delivered?
What concerns does he have about the fact that the poverty of local government sometimes gets in the way of money that his Department has allocated?
I have looked into this particular scheme and met other colleagues in the House about it.
I will write to the hon.
Gentleman in detail.
I am sure we can continue with the project.
My constituents and businesses face an additional tax to cross the River Tamar to our main city and beyond.
Taking over such key pieces of infrastructure and funding them through tax measures which they already pay would create a level economic playing field and help level up my part of the country.
Will the Minister at least give a contribution towards the maintenance of these facilities, so this tax does not go up again?
My hon.
Friend raised this issue with the Prime Minister only yesterday; she is a fantastic campaigner on issues relating to the Tamar bridge.
I accept entirely that the Tamar Bridge and Torpoint Ferry joint committee has recently looked at the situation.
An application is being considered by the Transport Secretary, and I am happy to meet her again to discuss it further.[Official Report,  26 March 2024 , Vol.
747, c. 16MC.] (
Correction)
Is the Secretary of State aware that the UK used to be one of the safest countries in the world, along with Sweden, in terms of road accidents?
He has campaigned with the Prime Minister to help the driver, but drivers are killing more vulnerable road users and passengers than for a very long time.
Is it not time that this Government took road safety and the health and welfare of pedestrians and vulnerable road users more seriously?
I will say two things.
First, on Monday we announced a further £35 million for our safer roads fund.
Secondly, the hon.
Gentleman’s general point simply is not right.
I think I am right in saying that out of 38 comparable countries, we are fifth best in the world.
We have a very good road safety record and, actually, that position is maintained.
We focus on road safety in everything we do, particularly for vulnerable road users.
That is at the heart of all our policymaking.