There are currently a significant number of links to Europe offering a variety  of freight and passenger routes from many locations, including five new routes since 2021.
Ferry routes are developed on a commercial basis by private sector operators to provide services that meet wider passenger or freight demands.
As such, the Department does not currently intend to undertake any such assessment.
The reinstatement of a direct ferry link from the Forth estuary into Europe addresses three key objectives: an environmental objective of reducing road congestion and carbon emissions from heavy goods vehicles; improving import-export resilience; and delivering economic opportunity to Scotland.
Industry agrees and ferry operators stand ready to deliver a route, but the Scottish Government lack the courage to support Project Brave.
What can be done to encourage the Scottish Government to invest a modest amount of pump-prime funding to realise the economic and environmental benefits that would be felt by all across the UK?
As I said in my initial answer, the UK Government see the ferry sector as a commercial market and do not subsidise it.
As the hon.
Gentleman points out, however, this is a devolved matter—in Scotland, ferries are the responsibility of the Scottish Government—so he should make his protestations about that route to the SNP Government, because it is up to them to decide what to do.
I totally understand that they are slightly worried; they have an undistinguished track record on ferries, with various fiascos—maybe it is because they try to get ferries that can hold motorhomes.
What estimate he has made of the cost to the public purse of delays to planned rail reforms.
What estimate he has made of the cost to the public purse of delays to planned rail reforms.
The recent National Audit Office report was clear that we expect to spend £400 million on rail reform up to the end of March 2024, compared with initial plans to spend £1.2 billion.
The report was also clear that we are forecasting £2 billion of total savings over the current spending review period, which is 77% of our original savings target.
It has been three years since we were told that Great British Railways would happen.
In my reading of the NAO report, it says that the £1.5 billion of savings will not be met in time.
The National Union of Rail, Maritime and Transport Workers says that another half billion could be achieved if we removed the profit motive from the railways, where a huge amount is wasted on shareholders.
When will the Government progress on GBR and when will we get a date for its implementation?
Is it not time for them to bite the bullet and renationalise our railways, as we have done successfully with several lines?
At the heart of rail reform is integrating track and train.
I am very pleased that the Transport Committee has taken on the role of being the pre-legislative  scrutiny Committee for the draft Rail Reform Bill, and is now scrutinising that legislation.
The cut-off date for evidence is next Wednesday, if the hon.
Gentleman would like to put his suggestions forward.
I hope that the Committee will complete its report by July; the Government will have two months to respond to the recommendations, and if we have cross-party support for an integrated rail body that brings track and train together, I hope we will be able to bring in legislation to that effect, and improve rail services for everyone.
High Speed 2, with its out-of-control costs, is compounding local misery, because it is now set to close the vital artery of Old Oak Common Lane for four to five years.
We only know that because it leaked out, which shows the Government’s disregard for community and transparency.