We have a very good road safety record and, actually, that position is maintained.
We focus on road safety in everything we do, particularly for vulnerable road users.
That is at the heart of all our policymaking.
The A338/A346, which runs north-south through Marlborough, is regularly choked nose to tail with heavy goods traffic.
The villages of the Ogbournes and the Collingbournes are particularly affected, including Collingbourne Ducis, where a little girl was killed three years ago by a heavy goods vehicle.
That traffic should really be on the A34 and the A36 to the east and the west.
We have been waiting many months now for the results of the north-south connectivity review.
Will the Minister tell us when that will happen, so that we can have a better system for managing heavy goods traffic through Wiltshire?
As my hon.
Friend knows, I grew up in Wexcombe and I know that particular area of Collingbourne very well.
I pass on my condolences to the individual family.
He knows that there are powers under the Road Traffic Regulation Act 1984.
I will write to him in detail with the powers that local authorities have to address that particular point.
On the specifics of the review, that will be contained in road investment strategy 3, which will be published very shortly.
I listened to the Minister’s response earlier, on why Avanti should continue to provide rail services.
It sounded like he was reading from one of its press releases.
The litany of excuses was very long, blaming everyone but itself.
When will he listen to the leaders of the north?
When will he listen to the people of the north and get rid of Avanti?
The point I was making is that if the operator changes, the contracts between operator and the unions will remain unless the unions are willing to release.
There cannot be a unilateral change.
The courts would not allow it.
As I say, that was put in place in 1997.
It was supposed to end in 2002, but continued.
It is now, effectively, a part of a term and condition.
A change of operator will not make any difference to that.
I do listen to those in the north and I am delighted that I will be listening to the leader of ASLEF, because he has agreed to sit down with me so we can discuss those terms.
I hope I can work with all Members of the House to make that happen.
My Highways Act 1980 (Amendment) Bill, which is due to have its Second Reading tomorrow, would make it easier for motorists to make claims against local authorities for damage caused to their cars by neglect of road maintenance and by potholes.
Why are the Government not supporting my Bill?
I shall be the duty Minister tomorrow, and I look forward to dealing with this matter.
The Government have been promising action on pavement parking for a decade, but despite a consultation in 2020, we are still no further forward.
Will the Minister finally listen to disabled people, parents, children and local councils who overwhelmingly support a ban, and act to curb this dangerous problem?
That particular issue is on my desk, and we are considering it at present.
I can assure the hon.
Lady that the results of the consultation will be published in the summer.
For nearly half a century the people of Romford, and those of wider Essex and east London, have been waiting for the Gallows Corner A12/A127 junction to be reconstructed.
Is it not time we had some investment for the people of Romford?
It seems to go everywhere else; let us have some in the London borough of Havering, please.
As my hon.
Friend knows, the Government are passionately committed to improving the A12.
Only recently it was the subject of litigation brought by one individual.
I will happily sit down with my hon.