When will it come to a head?
Yet the Leader of the House has remained tight-lipped, ducking the question, but now we have the answer.
The Rwanda ping-pong will not take place until after Easter.
If it is such an emergency, why has the Leader of the House yet again delayed programming this legislation?
She delayed Committee stage over Christmas because of disquiet among Conservative Members, and now she has pushed back further Lords amendments until after Easter.
I know the Leader of the House will want to blame the Lords, but it is her timetable and it keeps getting stretched.
Is it because the costs just keep going up and up, and the scheme is unworkable?
On top of the £500 million price tag for the 300 people the Home Office intends to send to Rwanda, the National Audit Office’s damning report, published yesterday, adds to the Department’s woes.
Not only is the Home Office spending £8 million a day on hotels; it has wasted tens of millions of pounds on new sites to house asylum seekers that will never be used.
The truth is that if the Government were ready to implement the scheme, we would see the Bill back here next week.
This is their timetable and their delay—no one else’s.
I know the Leader of the House will be quick to herald this week’s inflation figures as some kind of proof that the Government’s plan is working. [
Interruption.]
I knew that would get a cheer, but she might be less keen to highlight the ever rising housing costs that are not included in those figures.
Rents are up 9% in the last year, and mortgage rates are still crippling homeowners.
That is why, for the first time on record, living standards have fallen in this Parliament.
The Under-Secretary of State for Health and Social Care,  the right hon.
Member for South Northamptonshire (Dame Andrea Leadsom) , claimed this morning that the cost of living crisis is over.
The Government are so out of touch that it is embarrassing, so can I ask about their plans for the economy?
They say they want to scrap national insurance altogether, and the Chancellor floated another two-point cut yesterday, but who is going to pay for this £46 billion unfunded promise?
Will it be pensioners or the health service?
People deserve to know.
The last time the Conservatives embarked on such a huge unfunded tax cut, they crashed the economy and had to get rid of their Prime Minister.
I know that many Conservative Members are now actively discussing wielding  the sword and a coronation, both of which the Leader of the House is accustomed to, but I have previously heard her in these sessions pay rather fulsome, sometimes slightly over-the-top, personal tribute to the Prime Minister.
Given that so many are losing faith, I thought she might want to take this opportunity to give us another gushing homage.
Anything less might be misinterpreted.
Last time she described him as a “signpost” but, deep down, she knows that the only direction he points towards is crushing defeat.
I have briefly emerged from under the hairdryer and put down my Take a Break magazine, and not only found my way to the Chamber this morning but remembered on which side I am supposed to sit, to be present and correct for business questions, which is quite a feat if media reports are to be believed.
I am buoyed by what the hon.
Lady has said.
After all, we have seen inflation fall to 3.4% this week.
Real wages are rising, we have positive growth, household energy bills will fall by £250 a year in a couple of weeks’ time, average disposable incomes are growing and we have signed the accession treaty to the comprehensive and progressive agreement for trans-Pacific partnership, which will create a huge number of high-wage jobs.