Equally, we are full in Westminster Hall until  2 May —obviously, we will have control of that time.
So all those who wish to get applications in before the summer recess should do so quickly, as the Committee has been working overtime to process these applications.
The shocking rise in antisemitism and anti-Muslim hatred has been well publicised, but what has not been is the anti-Hindu hatred occurring on our campuses and across our country.
I have the honour of chairing the all-party group on British Hindus and it has recently published a report on that hatred, on which action is clearly required all round.
So will my right hon.
Friend allow time in the Chamber for a debate on hatred of British Hindus and enable us to celebrate the contribution they make to this country?
Given that it is Holi on Tuesday, will she also join me in wishing all Hindus “Holi hai!”?
First, may I, on behalf of all of us in this place, send our good wishes to  the hon.
Member for Gateshead (Ian Mearns)  and his family at this time?
I thank my hon.
Friend for stepping in for him and assisting Members with an advert for future business from the Backbench Business Committee.
On the all-party group’s report on anti-Hindu hatred, I will make sure that the relevant Secretary of State has heard what my hon.
Friend has said today.
I know that he has been campaigning on this matter for some time and that he will have listened to what the Minister for Equalities said about it at Women and Equalities questions yesterday.
I call the Scottish National party spokes- person.
May I associate myself with the remarks about the new Welsh First Minister and pass on my best wishes to former First Minister Mark Drakeford?
Of course, we are grateful to the Leader of the House for making time in her hectic schedule to pop along to the House of Commons today; all that leadership plotting and scheming does not just happen by itself—she has been a busy bee.
We can only pray that we are nearing the season finale of this endless Tory soap opera, but her leadership campaign has not stopped her coming here today so that she can ignore our questions in person.
Every Thursday, she displays some essential qualities to be the next Tory Prime Minister.
For a start, she regards questions as a bit of a nuisance, something  to be avoided at all costs.
They get in the way of her important work recording all those YouTube videos about Willy Wonka, escaped monkeys or whatever.
If Members do not take my word for it, they can check Hansard.
The Leader of the House was right to say last week that I had not sent her through details of my many unanswered questions—there are just so many to compile.
However, I am happy to offer a few reminders now.
We have had no answer on whether Baroness Michelle Mone is a paid-up member of the Tory party, as she herself claims; we have had no answer on the startling increase in child poverty in England—the Leader of the House is far too busy to deal with those distractions; and we still have no idea how much taxpayers’ money was wasted on her Government’s initial “State of the Union” report to the UK Cabinet, which was written at the height of the pandemic and was still kept firmly under wraps until we got some insights at the covid inquiry.
The report is still for strictly for Tory eyes only; even now, Scots are not allowed to know the costs or decisions taken to stifle our democracy.
But with the revelation that 80% of young Scots said that they want independence, it is no surprise that the Cabinet panicked and swung into fervent Union-Jackery action.