Unlike the hon.
Gentleman, I was at the launch of the said report and have read it.
He will be aware that, for example, one reason for the complications is that the number of people working from home has increased by 40%.
We have a plan to tackle that with the record investment that is being made to Mayors.
He talks about franchising, but it is also the case, without a shadow of a doubt, that he does not have a plan to finance it, particularly for rural local authorities.
What is the case is that, when Labour organisations are challenged on this, they struggle to find out how they will deal with the funding.
The truth is that there is no plan and they are not putting forward any funding.
Individual people who attended that event were genuinely in shock at the shadow Secretary of State’s suggestion that Labour was going to do this, but was unsure about how it would fund it.
With great respect to the hon.
Lady, she knows full well that her council attempted to have an active travel scheme in Jesmond, and it so messed it up that it had to scrap the scheme.
The LTN was scrapped, and there were 23,000 objections and a considerable waste of money.
With due respect, active travel is doing a great job, and we support it, but councils have to take local communities with them.
The Chair of the PAC is entirely right, although in the MOD context, if it is groundhog day, “groundhog” sounds like a vehicle that has slipped to the right.
More recently, after a detailed inquiry, the Defence Committee, on which I serve, published a damning report on  4 February 2024 , entitled simply “Ready for War?”.
I have served on the Committee since 2017 and this is one of the punchiest reports we have ever produced.
In answer to the question in the title, the all-party Committee, which includes six former MOD Ministers, concluded:
“Despite the United Kingdom spending approximately £50 billion a year on defence (plus more for Ukraine) the UK’s Armed Forces require sustained ongoing investment to be able to fight a sustained, high-intensity war, alongside our allies, against a peer adversary. ”
In plainer English, and as the subsequent detail in the report starkly points out, despite a considerable outlay of taxpayer’s cash, we could not fight a sustained war with Putin’s Russia for more than a couple of months before we ran out of ammunition and fighting equipment, not least as we have very few tanks, ships or combat aircraft in reserve.
The full report can be found online.
Given that it takes years to build a modern warship—a totally ridiculous 11 years in the case of the new Type 26 frigate—and four years to build a Typhoon fighter, if we had to fight what the strategists sometimes describe as a “come as you are war”, one with little further warning, we would have to rely on whatever equipment we had to hand or could rapidly remobilise.
We simply do not have enough war-winning kit to win as it is.
As the Public Accounts Committee’s report on the 10-year equipment plan illustrates starkly, the difference between what the MOD aspires to buy and the funding it is likely to have available is £17 billion.
However, it is worse because the three services account for the plan on a different basis.
Without going into all the technicalities, an apples and apples comparison across the three services shows that the gap is £29 billion.
Even beyond gaps in capability of our kit, our greatest weakness is now the lack of skilled personnel to operate and maintain the equipment that we do have.
Without them—and far too many of them are leaving, as the Chair of the Defence Committee said—even multi-billion dollar aircraft systems simply remain in the hangar.