We have been determined to ensure that we are very clear about the jurisdiction of the International Criminal Court and the International Court of Justice.
We have also removed that ban on UNWRA funding, and supported moves at the UN, through the Security Council, that have been specifically focused on trying to push forward the two-state solution that is so important.
I refer the hon.
Gentleman to my previous remarks about the Prime Minister himself underlining the importance of that right to return.
Yesterday, we welcomed the Prime Minister’s comments about how the Palestinians must be allowed home and must be allowed to rebuild.
We should be with them in that rebuild and on the way to a two-state solution, yet settler violence against Palestinians continues to increase.
Will the Minister confirm that this Government have no intention of lifting the sanctions that the UK has imposed on Israeli settlers and settler groups, and will the Government even consider expanding them?
My hon.
Friend will be aware that the UK has imposed—I believe it was in the autumn—sanctions against those who had engaged in and promoted violence as settlers.
We condemn that activity and believe that it reduces the prospect of a two-state solution.
Of course, for me to talk about future sanctions designations from the Dispatch Box would reduce their efficacy, and therefore I will not do that here.
I thank the Minister for the clarity of her answers today.
We are all aware that Iran played a major role through its antisemitic regime in funding Hamas and Hezbollah, with the stated aim of destroying the state of Israel.
If there is to be faith in the reconstruction of Gaza, people who want to do that will have to have faith that there is a secure situation.
The attitude of this White House towards Iran is different from the previous one.
What  action are the Government taking and how are they involved in ensuring that Iran is not able to re-establish itself to fund and arm the groups that specifically want to destroy the state of Israel?
I am grateful to the right hon.
Member for his comments.
The UK Government are clear that Iran has long destabilised the middle east.
That has obviously been done through military means, but it has also given financial and political support to its proxies and partners, including Iranian-aligned militia groups in Iraq and Syria, Hezbollah in Lebanon, which he mentioned, and the Houthis in Yemen.
We will continue to work with international partners to encourage de-escalation.
Long-term peace and security in the middle east cannot be achieved without addressing Iran’s destabilising activity—the UK Government are clear on that.
Trump has lifted the lid on Israel’s real plan: the ethnic cleansing—the forced displacement—of Palestinians.
Nobody can claim any longer that they did not know or do not know what is going on: a genocide.
All the warm words in the world about a two-state solution will not stop it; only sanctions will, as the world’s top court demands.
That means bans on Israeli settlement goods entering this country.
It means sanctions on trade and an arms embargo.
Without doing that, people in this House will never be able to say that we did everything we could to stop these crimes that will echo down the generations.
Will the Minister confirm that the Government will finally treat Israel as they have rightly treated Russia and impose widespread sanctions?
On my hon.
Friend’s question about forced displacement, I was very clear earlier about the fact that the UK Government are absolutely determined to ensure that there is not forced displacement.
That would be contrary to international law.
Gazans must be allowed home and, in the words of the Prime Minister himself,
“must be allowed to rebuild”.—[Official Report,  5 February 2025 ; Vol.
761, c. 745.]
My hon.
Friend asked about the situation in relation to arms exports.