The SFO does crucial work to tackle complex fraud, bribery and corruption.
I have met senior SFO staff on multiple occasions in the past two months, and I recently visited SFO HQ to understand more about the ways it is putting the latest technology to use in tackling economic crime and returning stolen funds to victims.
Under the new director of the SFO, the SFO has opened seven new overt investigations and charged 10 defendants in cases involving more than 800 victims.
My hon.
Friend will know that fraud does not stop at the border, and residents in my Livingston constituency are incredibly concerned by the increase in fraud and economic crime and the devastating effects they can have on people’s lives.
What are the UK Government doing to tackle fraud in Scotland?
My hon.
Friend is right that fraud does not acknowledge borders, particularly when it comes to the increasing harms associated with online fraud.
That is why it is so important that the SFO works closely with the Scottish law enforcement authorities.
In that respect, and in others, this Government are fully committed to strengthening the Union.
I thank the Solicitor General for that reply.
We in Northern Ireland understand that economic crime is used by paramilitaries to fund their organisations and criminal groups.
In America, Al Capone was put in jail not for the crimes he committed, but for tax evasion and financial issues.
Will the Attorney General target paramilitary groups for their efforts to raise money illegally?
The hon.
Member makes an important point.
This Government take economic crime incredibly seriously, including when it links to the serious type of activity to which he refers.
What steps she is taking to increase transparency in the Attorney General's Office.
What steps she is taking to manage conflicts of interest in the Attorney General’s Office.
What steps she is taking to manage conflicts of interest in the Attorney General’s Office.
The Attorney General’s Office has a rigorous process for identifying and dealing with conflicts and potential conflicts that arise from Law Officers’ former practice.
As part of that process, the AGO adopts a cautious and beyond reproach threshold to any conflicts or potential conflicts.
These arrangements are long-standing and part of a standard practice that has applied across successive Administrations.
Three former Law Officers have criticised the Attorney General for not declaring his earnings, labelling it as “irregular” and a break from “normal practice”.
Who is in the wrong: the three former Law Officers or the Attorney General?
The hon.
Member will know that the Attorney General ceased all private practice following his appointment.
The hon.
Member refers to fee agreements, and he will know that there are different arrangements and requirements for declarations for Members of the House of Lords and for Members of the House of Commons.
It does not matter which type of fee agreement is in place between a lawyer and their client, because the entirety of those agreements—whether a conditional fee agreement, a damages-based agreement, on a fully paid basis or when acting pro bono—will always be caught by the conflicts process.
The requirements for the purposes of the House of Lords are the same for all peers and they apply just as much to the shadow Attorney General as to the Attorney General.
Does the Solicitor General agree with the recent Policy Exchange research paper “Conflicts of Interest and the Law Officers’ Convention” authored by Dr Conor Casey, a senior lecturer at Surrey law school, and supported by three former Ministers who are all KCs, that invoking the Law Officers’ convention on questions about the potential conflict of interest relating to the work of the Attorney General would be an error, as such questions do not fall within the scope of the convention?
As I have said, the Attorney General’s Office has a rigorous process for identifying and dealing with conflicts and potential conflicts that arise from the Law Officers’ former practice.