We will ensure that the UK’s decision on recognition is a contribution to the process towards a two-state solution, which we desperately need to see.
Finally, the hon.
Lady asked about US aid.
I was grateful to her and other Members for coming to our briefing yesterday with the Minister for the middle east, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Lincoln (Mr Falconer) , in which we covered this matter.
The UK notes the US decision to pause foreign aid funding for three months, pending a review.
There has been a lot of commentary about that.
It is a fast-moving situation, and we are monitoring it very closely indeed, as the hon.
Lady would expect.
Of course, this is a matter for the United States.
The UK is very clear that we must continue to do what we can to support people in Gaza, must provide life-sustaining support, and must work with a whole range of partners on this, and we will continue to do so.
Vast swathes of infrastructure in Gaza have been destroyed.
What work are the Government undertaking on supporting the Palestinian people to rebuild their homes and communities, as is their right under international law?
This is a critical issue.
Of course, we need the ceasefire to be held to.
As I said, we have to move through phase 1 to phases 2 and 3, but we also need to ensure that there is day-after-next-phase planning in Gaza, so that we can see the building up of Gaza’s governance and security institutions and, of course, infrastructure, as my hon.
Friend rightly stated.
We are clear that Gaza’s recovery and reconstruction must be Palestinian-led.
We have supported the Palestinian Authority in particular on this.
I am very proud that UK expertise has been supporting that work, so that this important reconstruction can continue at the required pace and scale, but we need to see the ceasefire holding to enable that.
What practical support are the Government giving to Egypt now that the Rafah crossing has reopened for medical emergencies?
When that happened previously, it put enormous pressure on the Egyptian health service and caused some civil unrest in Egypt.
As the right hon.
Lady knows, Egypt is also under pressure on its southern border due to the conflict in Sudan.
Does she agree that support for Egypt at this critical time is very important?
I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman for underlining Egypt’s role in this incredibly difficult humanitarian situation, and particularly in relation to medical evacuees from Gaza.
He is also right to underline that Egypt is now housing many refugees from Sudan too.
I reassure the right hon.
Gentleman that the UK is seeking to work with Egypt.
We have supported the Egyptian Ministry of Health and Population with £1 million, delivered through WHO Egypt, to support medically evacuated Palestinians from Gaza.
We are exploring further support for the Egyptian system, which is gearing up to receive large numbers of medical evacuees.
The world is watching, so let us be clear in this House that the  UK’s reaction to this brazen attempt to further rip up international law will echo for generations.
With 61,000 Palestinians killed, the ceasefire hanging by a thread, and now a blueprint to ravage Gaza, ethnically cleanse Palestinians and resettle the land, where exactly have diplomacy and refusing to sanction Israel led us?
Palestinians are now facing mass expulsion, reoccupation and resettlement, all while the international rules-based order has been ripped to shreds.
I believe it has been incredibly important for the UK to engage diplomatically in relation to this conflict.
It is absolutely right that we have sought to work with partners on these issues, that we have supported statements within the UN Security Council, that we have worked with partners in the region, that we have sought to achieve change, and that we sought to ensure the ceasefire was agreed.