The US has played a critical role in negotiating the ceasefire agreement between Israel and Hamas, alongside Qatar and Egypt.
As hon.
Members may know, the Prime Minister reiterated that in his call with President Trump.
We must now work together to ensure the ceasefire is implemented in full and becomes permanent.
The UK is investing in the ceasefire by doing all it can to support the surge in aid that is needed.
Alongside our existing support, on  28 January  I announced a further £70 million in funding to ensure healthcare, food and shelter reaches tens of thousands of civilians, and to support vital infrastructure across the Occupied Palestinian Territories and neighbouring countries.
We are also concerned at the expansion of the Government of Israel’s war aims and operations in the west bank.
Stability is essential at this crucial time.
We recognise Israel’s right to defend itself and the continuing threat posed by armed groups, but it must show restraint and ensure the scale and conduct of its operations are commensurate to the threat posed.
Civilians must be protected and the destruction of civilian infrastructure minimised.
The UK remains opposed to illegal settlements, their expansion and settler violence.
In conclusion, our attention must now turn to how we secure a permanently better future for the Israeli and Palestinian peoples, grounded—to reiterate the point a final time—in a two-state solution.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for her statement.
The context in which we approach this question is following 16 months of bloodshed and the deaths of almost 50,000 Palestinians, and a welcome temporary ceasefire.
So the remarks of the US President, in conference with the Israeli Prime Minister, that the US will
“take over the Gaza Strip”
to create a
“Riviera of the Middle East”
and that
“1.8 million Palestinians living in Gaza”
should live in “other countries”, are reckless and dangerous.
That has emboldened the Israeli Defence Minister Katz overnight to further propose the displacement of Palestinians from Gaza.
The remarks are generating fear and tension in the Palestinian population, and across the middle east—as evidenced by the statements of Egypt, Jordan, Saudi Arabia and others—and will cause concern and more determined demonstrations in the UK.
The US President has also restored arms shipments, ended funding to the United Nations Relief and Works Agency, and withdrawn from the UN Human Rights Council.
Netanyahu says that Israel will redraw the map, and the Israeli Defence Forces have detonated whole streets in the Jenin refugee camp in the west bank.
In such dangerous circumstances we should be careful, calculated and accurate in our use of language.
Forced displacement of the type advocated, which has already occurred within the Gaza strip, is a breach of international humanitarian rights and a war crime.
Advocating the expulsion of a people is also justly described as ethnic cleansing, and can only be achieved through yet further appalling violence.
I acknowledge that the Government will wish to maintain their diplomatic relationship with the US, as a long-standing friend, but it is the role of friends to be honest with each other, and the UK must use its influence.
The Prime Minister’s remark yesterday that the Palestinians “must be allowed home” is most welcome, but the Government must go further.
Will the Minister say that the UK rejects the President’s remarks, and those of the Israeli Prime Minister and Defence Minister?
Will she confirm that recognition of the Palestinian state is an urgent necessity in resolving the conflict?
Will she confirm that the borders of that state are the 1967 borders set out in UN Security Council resolution 242?
Finally, when will the UK Government respond to the International Court of Justice advisory opinion on the Israeli occupation of the Occupied Palestinian Territories?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his many points.
Of course, he is right to underline the appalling suffering that so many Gazans have experienced over recent months.