New technology has the potential to bring transformative benefits to the criminal justice system, as it does to public services more broadly.
With regard to artificial intelligence, both the CPS and the SFO are keen to explore the efficiency opportunities that this new technology can bring, while being mindful of ethical considerations.
We have seen a sickening rise in predators using AI technology to generate child sexual abuse images.
I am glad that the Government recently announced measures to close the loopholes in this area, but will the Solicitor General assure us that the whole criminal justice system is using every new technology and AI, as well as tough sentences, to crack down on it and protect children and victims of this horrific abuse?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise this extremely important point.
That is exactly why I welcome the Home Secretary’s announcement that this Government will be the first in the world to make it illegal to possess, create or distribute AI tools designed to generate child sexual abuse material, punishable by up to five years in prison.
What steps she is taking to help ensure increased prosecution rates for rural crime.
The Government are committed to keeping everyone in this country safe, whether they live in a town, a city or a rural area.
That is why we are putting more police officers and police community support officers on the beat, and it is why we have bolstered the Crown Prosecution Service’s workforce.
With specific regard to rural crime, we are committed to implementing the Equipment Theft (Prevention) Act 2023, and to the continued funding of the national rural crime unit.
As I am sure the Solicitor General knows, fly-tipping is the most commonly reported rural crime.
In 2022-23, the last year for which there is full data, there were well over 13,000 significant multi-load incidents; I use the phrase specifically, as it is an internal description.
Those incidents cost more than £4 million to clear up, yet just 22 custodial sentences were handed out in that time.
What assurances can she give me and my constituents that the most egregious examples of fly-tipping, like those we saw in Lichfield two weeks ago, will result in jail time for the perpetrators?
Fly-tipping blights communities, and I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising the issue.
I know that he has also raised it with the Minister for Food Security and Rural Affairs, but I am happy to arrange a meeting with his local chief Crown prosecutor to discuss the matter further.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
The tragic hit-and-run case of Ryan Saltern in my rural North Cornwall constituency, as well as many other cases across the country, highlights a concerning problem in our legal system.
The driver failed to stop, render aid at the scene, or even call 999, leaving Ryan for dead.
The case was heard in a magistrates court, where the driver received a four-month suspended sentence.
Ryan’s parents, Helen and Mark, and sister Leanne have campaigned tirelessly on the issue.
Will the Solicitor General please look into the issue in conjunction with the CPS and the Department for Transport, and meet me to discuss her findings?
This is a profoundly tragic case, and I am grateful to the hon.
Member for raising it.
My heartfelt condolences go to Ryan’s family.
I know that they and others have been campaigning for changes to the law in this area, and supporting families who have been through similarly tragic circumstances.
I will discuss the case that the hon.
Member raises with my colleagues in the Ministry of Justice and ensure that he receives a full response.
What steps she is taking to help ensure the effective prosecution of people who commit hate crime.
Whether online or in person, stirring up hatred or inciting violence will not be tolerated.