CPS prosecutors perform vital work to serve the public and deliver justice for victims.
We have taken steps to strengthen the CPS workforce, including by boosting staff numbers in specialist rape and serious sexual assault units, as well as by being tough on crime, supporting victims and restoring confidence in the criminal justice system.
All these things are part of this Government’s mission to make our streets safe, and the CPS has a key role to play in that mission.
Will the Solicitor General join me in welcoming this Government’s increased funding of the Crown Prosecution Service for specialist sexual offence prosecution units?
Does she agree that we must continue to tackle violence against women and girls across our nation, and will she join me in paying tribute to the dedication of our prosecutors and police on the front line who are confronting these crimes?
Absolutely; I am delighted to join my hon.
Friend in paying tribute to police and prosecutors not only in his constituency, but right across the United Kingdom.
He is right to welcome the increased funding that we have secured for the CPS.
Our recently agreed settlement will ensure that the CPS can recruit more specialist prosecutors, delivering that vital work and putting those who commit these abhorrent crimes behind bars.
Given the backlog in Crown court appearances, and the increasing tide of knife crime as well as criminal activity against women and girls, what steps are the Department taking to ensure that the Crown Prosecution Service is adequately provided for so that justice is seen to be done in the wider community?
The hon.
Member makes an important point; this Government are working very hard to do that.
The settlement for the CPS that I referred to was an extra £49 million, and it is spending some of that on increasing the number of prosecutors who are able to do the important work to which he refers.
What steps she is taking to help increase prosecution rates for cases involving violence against women and girls.
What steps she is taking to help increase prosecution rates for cases involving violence against women and girls.
The scale of violence against women and girls in this country is intolerable, and the Government are treating it as the national emergency that it is.
The CPS has begun securing convictions of offenders who breach domestic abuse protection orders—a scheme that the Government introduced in November 2024 in order better to protect victims of domestic abuse.
Although there is much more to be done, that is  just one example of the clear action that the Government are taking to meet our mission to halve violence against women and girls in a decade.
The national conviction rate for domestic abuse cases is woefully low, standing at 4.5%, but the picture is even worse in rural constituencies such as Ribble Valley, where the overall conviction rate is only 3%.
What does the Solicitor General regard as the unique challenges in rural areas, and what steps is she taking to tackle them specifically?
My hon.
Friend raises an important issue.
She is right to highlight the unique risks faced by women in rural areas, including her constituency; increased isolation can bring with it more risk.
To tackle violence against women we need to address the overall number of prosecutions, which unfortunately is still far too low.
That is why, working with the CPS and the police, we have brought in the domestic abuse joint justice plan—which I am pleased to say is already leading to a modest increase in referrals of domestic abuse cases—to improve the investigation, prosecution, and handling of domestic abuse cases.
In June 2024, 60% of rape investigations were closed because the victim dropped out.
On top of that I have heard harrowing stories from my constituents who went to court over their sexual assault, and who felt humiliated and were further traumatised by that process.