I thank the hon.
Lady for her important question.
The Government are developing a series of interventions to reduce emissions, so that everybody’s exposure to air pollution is reduced.
We are also conducting a comprehensive review of how we communicate air quality information, to ensure that members of the public and vulnerable groups have the information they need to protect themselves and understand the impact on air quality.
Of course, no further decisions have been made regarding other developments.
Too many communities, including in Huddersfield, are forced to deal with persistent fly-tipping and littering in their streets and neighbourhoods, and residents are understandably fed up with it.
What support are the Government providing to local areas to ensure that they have the resources they need to prevent and tackle persistent fly-tipping?
I visited a fly-tipping site in Lichfield where people have been trapped in their homes.
Fly-tipping blights communities, harms wildlife and places huge costs on taxpayers and businesses.
Councils dealt with over a million incidents in 2022-23, up 10% on three years ago.
I do not believe that the waste carriers, brokers and   dealers regime is fit for purpose, so I have asked officials to look at how we strengthen that regime to crack down on waste criminals.
I refer the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
Thoroughbred horses are high-health, high-welfare animals, and they should be treated as such to allow cross-border travel without physical border checks.
Can the Minister commit today to recognise their high-health status, put welfare first and reduce this barrier to trade?
My near neighbour raises an important point—this is a very high-value sector.
A commitment was made to designate thoroughbred horses as high-health animals as part of the border target operating model, and we will provide an update on the timeline for implementation by the end of the summer.
Meur ras ha myttin da, Mr Speaker.
Many of my constituents in Hayle have become increasingly concerned about the dredging of sand around Hayle harbour and the potential environmental damage.
We desperately need a solution that works for residents and the environment and maintains our vitally important harbour.
Will the Minister meet me as a matter of urgency to discuss how the Government and the Environment Agency will support all local stakeholders to establish a long-term sand management and erosion plan in Hayle?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this important issue and for the work he is doing in championing what is obviously a crucial issue for his residents.
I would of course be happy to meet him.
Constituents in Witney were extremely distressed to receive letters this week from Thames Water saying that their bills are going up by £19 a month from April, putting more pressure on household bills.
Does the Minister think that is acceptable, given that the restructuring plan in the High Court is putting £800 million to £900 million of interest expenses on to this company—
Order.
This is sub judice, and the hon.
Member should not go into the actual detail of the application before the Court at the moment.
Can the Minister say anything?
If not, we will have to move on.
Over a decade ago, planning permission was given to build an incinerator on the outskirts of Corby.
That location now has thousands of houses, a school and a nursery.
Frankly, it is now in the heart of the community and no longer on the outskirts.
Given that the incinerator is yet to be built, does the Minister agree with me that, in the light of the crackdown on waste incinerators, the planning application should be looked at again and the incinerator moved?