How will the Minister work to support farmers, build flood resilience and protect food security?
The hon.
Lady is right to point out how angry farmers are and how they feel they have been let down by the previous Government on flood defences.
The previous formula allocated funding only based on numbers of properties protected and paid little regard to rural areas.
She also mentioned one of my favourite themes: natural flood management.
We recently held a roundtable on that, with representatives from the NFU and the Country Land and Business Association, to talk about how we can better protect our rural areas in a more nature-friendly way.
Whether he plans to regulate the breeding of cats.
Under the Animal Welfare (Licensing of Activities Involving Animals) (England) Regulations 2018, anyone in the business of breeding and selling cats as pets needs to have a valid licence issued by their local authority, and licensees must meet strict statutory minimum welfare standards, which are enforced by local authorities.
As a proud cat dad to two cats, one of which was beaten to the title of Purr Minister by Attlee, Mr Speaker’s cat, it has amazed me to find out that the 2018 regulations on animal breeding focus merely on dogs and not cat breeding.
Can the Minister therefore assure me that he will look at updating the regulations to include cats?
I thank the hon.
Member for his question and for his references.
The Animal Welfare Committee has provided its opinion on the welfare implications of current and emergent feline breeding practices, and we will be looking at those and coming back with measures in future.
In passing, may I pay tribute to organisations such as Cats Protection, which does such wonderful work?
I am told that it recently  pointed the Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston upon Hull West and Haltemprice (Emma Hardy) , to her new kittens, Lily and Meglatron.
There are 12.5 million cat owners in the UK, and hundreds of thousands of cats are killed on the roads every year.
The previous Government agreed that it would be right to include cats in the Road Safety Act 2006, but they simply did not do it.
This means that cats are regularly hit and, because there is no legal duty to report it, are just scooped to the side of the road.
Does the Minister agree that this is something that we should do to bring parity to cats and dogs when it comes to safety on the road?
This is an issue that has been widely discussed.
Our advice is that it would be difficult to enforce in practice, but I fully recognise the distress and concern that it causes.
What steps his Department is taking to help support growth in the agriculture sector.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question.
The Secretary of State set out our vision to boost farmers’ profitability and sustainability in our plan for change when he spoke to the 2025 Oxford farming conference.
That includes a cast-iron commitment to food security, a £5 billion agricultural budget over the next two years, a boost to profitability by making the supply chain fairer and protecting farmers in trade deals.
Farmers in West Dorset are struggling with rising costs, the regulatory burden, market instability and supermarkets paying unsustainably low prices for what they produce.
This forces many farmers to diversify away from food production in order to survive.
Given the vital role that farming plays in both our rural economy and in food security, what specific measures will the Government introduce to stop the need for diversification and ensure that farming remains a financially viable and attractive industry for the next generation of West Dorset farmers?
The hon.
Gentleman makes an important set of points, but I point him to the speech that my right hon.