The UK has been acting to ensure that we are doing our part to support children in Gaza, and we will continue to do so.
We are having urgent discussions with our partners on this, and those discussions extend to the concerning issues around psychosocial trauma that has been experienced by children and ensuring that those vulnerable children receive the support that they need in the future.
It is welcome news that some hostages have been released, but the shocking scenes that we have seen of brave young women surrounded by terrorists demonstrate that Hamas are still in charge in Gaza.
The question now turns to how we ensure that the Palestinian people can return to safe and secure homes, that the terror tunnels are destroyed and that Hamas play no part in the governance of Gaza.
Given that Hamas are in charge, and that President Trump has made an announcement about how all this could be done, what will the British Government do to come up with a counter proposal that is both reasonable and achievable?
I share the hon.
Member’s concern about those scenes, and I am sure that other Members in the House do so as well.
The UK Government have been very clear: Hamas must not play a part in those future governance arrangements.
We have been seeking to work in a practical manner with the Palestinian Authority, especially making sure that they have the expertise that they need for their reform programme and working towards the reconstruction and recovery that is so important in Gaza.
The Minister is right to say that the past 14 months in Gaza have been a living nightmare and that we need a safe and secure Palestine alongside a safe and secure Israel.
I agree absolutely that there must be no forced displacement of Gazans.
Will the Minister say more about how we are focusing on the key issue here, which is how the UK is supporting a ceasefire and the rebuilding of Gaza?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for her important question.
The UK has sought to invest in the ceasefire.
That was the reason why, just last week, we announced additional humanitarian support and  support in relation to much-needed services in Gaza, so that we could ensure that that surge in aid, which is so necessary, is not just there now, but sustained.
That is important, so that we can progress from phase 1 of the ceasefire to phase 2, then phase 3, and ultimately towards a two-state solution.
No amount of rowing back by the US State Department can change the fact that what the United States President intimated earlier this week amounts to ethnic cleansing.
Are the UK Government of the same view that, if prosecuted, his plan would amount to ethnic cleansing?
If not, what do the UK Government understand ethnic cleansing to be?
I have heard an awful lot of warm words from the Government and ambition about what we believe in, what we stand for and what we have delivered around the immediate humanitarian crisis, but let us not forget that the horrors that have happened over the past 18 months are due to the vacuum created by international inaction over the plight of the Palestinians for the last 50 years.
What will this Government do to change that drastic situation?
A few moments ago, I listed the decisions that the UK Government have taken that were different from those of the previous Government.
We have been determined to ensure that we are very clear about the jurisdiction of the International Criminal Court and the International Court of Justice.
We have also removed that ban on UNWRA funding, and supported moves at the UN, through the Security Council, that have been specifically focused on trying to push forward the two-state solution that is so important.
I refer the hon.