It operates regardless of circumstance or which population and individuals we are talking about.
On the right hon.
Member’s last point, we have been very clear about the right to return.
The television footage of many thousands of Palestinian men, women and children walking back to northern Gaza was a powerful reminder not just of the forceable displacement they have already suffered, but of the extraordinary resilience of that people.
That is why there is real anger among Palestinians today that, yet again, the very existence of their homeland is being subject to the whims of another colonial power.
I am pleased that the Minister has confirmed that the UK has an unshakable policy on the right of return of those Palestinians, to rebuild their homes and their lives, but would she agree with the UN Secretary-General, who said today that staying true to international law is
“essential to avoid any form of ethnic cleansing.”?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for again raising the images that so many of us have seen on our television screens of Palestinians returning to their homes in Gaza.
As the Prime Minister explained, in many cases they have no choice but to walk back to their homes because of the destruction of roads and other infrastructure, but many of those homes have been destroyed.
My hon.
Friend is right that the experience of displacement has been felt by very significant numbers of Gazans: up to 90% of Gazans have been displaced at least once and some up to nine times.
To underline yet another time, the UK’s commitment to international law is very clear.
The Prime Minister and the Foreign Secretary have restated that, and I restate it again today.
I am grateful to the Minister for her response to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Esher and Walton (Monica Harding)  on USAID, and grateful to know that the impact assessment of the US Government’s decision about USAID is ongoing, particularly in relation to the humanitarian situation in Gaza.
As part of that assessment, should the Government consider a return to 0.7% of gross national income for overseas development assistance?
If the US is no longer a reliable global partner, then surely the UK should be.
On a return to 0.7% of GNI being spent on overseas development, the hon.
Lady will be aware that my party’s position—the position of the Government—is that we are determined to return to  that level of spending as fiscal circumstances allow.
We are clear that we must play a part in humanitarian questions and, more broadly on development, we must seek to work in partnership with other countries.
We are doing that and have ensured that has fed into our decisions for next year’s one-year spending review, and that will be the case for the longer-term spending review as well.
The Prime Minister was quite clear when he said at that Dispatch Box that the right of Gazans to return and remain on their land is absolute.
As they return, there are many hundreds of thousands of psychologically and physically damaged children, which is unprecedented in recent memory.
What can we, the British state, do to help them?
I know that my hon.
Friend will be concerned about this issue given his considerable medical expertise.
The UK has been acting to ensure that we are doing our part to support children in Gaza, and we will continue to do so.
We are having urgent discussions with our partners on this, and those discussions extend to the concerning issues around psychosocial trauma that has been experienced by children and ensuring that those vulnerable children receive the support that they need in the future.
It is welcome news that some hostages have been released, but the shocking scenes that we have seen of brave young women surrounded by terrorists demonstrate that Hamas are still in charge in Gaza.