I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his many points.
Of course, he is right to underline the appalling suffering that so many Gazans have experienced over recent months.
We also recognise the suffering of the hostages and their families.
This has been a truly horrendous time for Gazans, Palestinians and Israelis.
The ceasefire must be held to, not just in phase 1, but in phases 2 and 3, and ultimately we must see a two-state solution.
My hon.
Friend talks about the role of Egypt, Jordan and Saudi Arabia.
I reassure him that the UK continues to work with all partners in the region towards peace, which is so important.
He mentioned UNRWA.
I am  sure he is aware of the UK Government’s position: we believe that UNRWA must continue to operate, not just in Gaza but on the west bank and, in relation to Palestinian refugees, in the region more broadly.
He also mentioned the situation in Jenin.
We have been very clear: there must be de-escalation.
We are deeply concerned about the potential for further instability because of recent developments.
In my hon.
Friend’s primary question around displacement, he referred to the Prime Minister’s statement yesterday.
The Prime Minister could not have been clearer in what he said; like so many of us, was moved by
“the image of thousands of Palestinians literally walking through the rubble to try to find their homes and their communities in Gaza.
They must be allowed home.
They must be allowed to rebuild, and we should be with them in that rebuild on the way to a two-state solution.
”—[Official Report,  5 February 2025 ; Vol.
761, c. 745.]
The UK’s position has been crystal clear.
I do not believe that there is any confusion around it, and I appreciate that my hon.
Friend was not suggesting that there was.
My hon.
Friend asked about the UK’s position on recognition.
He will be aware that we have stated that position a number of times in the House, including at length in the statement by the Foreign Secretary on the ceasefire deal when that was agreed.
We are very clear: the Palestinians have the right, just as the Israelis do, to their own sovereign state where they can live in security.
We are determined to ensure that recognition at the time when that is most conducive to achieving a two-state solution, which is the right of both those peoples.
Finally, on the subject of the ICJ, my hon.
Friend will be aware that the Court’s determination is a very detailed judgment, which it took many months to come to.
As behoves such a judgment, it is important that the Government consider it in detail.
That is exactly what we are doing, and we will update colleagues as soon as we have come to a determination on that.
I call the shadow Minister.
The ceasefire remains fragile.
There continues to be a long road ahead.
We want the agreement to hold, and that means that each and every hostage must be released, in accordance with the terms of phase 1 of the agreement, and the subsequent phases.
The videos we have all watched of the released hostages being reunited with their families are immensely moving.
We cannot even begin to imagine the pain that they have suffered since  7 October 2023 .
We also hold firmly in our thoughts the hostages who remain in cruel captivity at the hands of Hamas, and the families who continue to anxiously await news of their loved ones.
The awful news that eight hostages will not make it home alive must be unbearable for the families.
We reiterate our call for the Government to do everything in their power, with partners, to push for humanitarian access to those who are still being held hostage.
The UK should offer whatever practical support it can to facilitate the smooth release of hostages.