I welcome the Prime Minister’s recent comments about supporting and enabling the expansion of nuclear power stations in the UK through small modular reactors.
The science and technology is well proven but other aspects must be developed alongside, including the provision of appropriate grade nuclear fuel and a permanent solution for nuclear waste.
In recent days, I have met representatives of Urenco, a specialist provider of uranium enrichment and fuel and nuclear waste services, which is developing plans for the UK’s first geological disposal facility.
Will the Leader of the House make time for a debate on all aspects of the nuclear jigsaw, to ensure a joined-up and sustainable energy future?
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps he is taking to promote biodiversity recovery.
This Government are determined to halt and reverse the trend of nature loss in our country and end the cycle of destroy, regret and restore.
We are investing £400 million in tree planting and peatland restoration.
We have announced a new nature restoration fund and set out plans to end the use of neonicotinoid pesticides that harm our precious pollinators.
I am grateful to the Minister for her reply.
The UK is one of the most nature-depleted nations on this planet.
The “State of Nature Report 2023” indicated that up to one in six UK species faces the risk of extinction.
The Minister’s reply is very encouraging, but just last week the Chancellor, promoting the Government’s growth agenda, urged us to
“stop worrying about bats and newts.”
If it really does come to that, who speaks for the Government, and whose side is the Minister on—the Chancellor or threatened wildlife?
We have to end the false dichotomy between creating places for people and creating places for nature.
The previous Government introduced biodiversity net gain, which means that when a developer builds somewhere, they must deliver a 10% BNG for nature.
That is in its early stages, after just a year, but we are looking to see how it might be extended.
With the nature restoration fund, we have established a more efficient and effective way to allow obligations related to our most important sites and species to be discharged at scale, which has the greatest environmental benefit and is a win-win for nature and people.
I congratulate the Minister on announcing our plan to ban bee-killing pesticides.
That is welcomed across Monmouthshire,  particularly by our fantastic charity based in Monmouth, Bees for Development.
Does she agree that where the Conservatives failed, this Government will restore nature and biodiversity for future generations?
I do agree, and I pay tribute to the people who are speaking for the bees in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
We will deliver 30 by 30 on land in England.
That means that we will protect and preserve 30% of our land for nature and long-term conservation and management as part of our contribution to international targets.
I call the shadow Minister.
When we thought it could not get any worse, the Government roll out their latest attack on our farming community and UK food production, setting the direction that they want to replace food production, with around 20% of farmland being dedicated to solar farms, tree planting, biodiversity offsetting and wildlife habitats, all to meet green targets.
The figures are astonishing, with the Government proposing to take well over 1 million hectares out of food production.
The economic analysis already predicts that well over 12,000 farms will be lost within a generation as a result of this Government’s policies.
Will the Minister acknowledge that hard-working farmers are being caught in the crossfire in this Government’s dash towards green targets, and does she recognise the fear among our farmers that their policies amount not to food security but food lunacy?
That is a lot of sound and fury, but this is something the Conservatives were working on in government.
This has shades of the deposit return scheme, which was essentially the hon.