Member raises with my colleagues in the Ministry of Justice and ensure that he receives a full response.
What steps she is taking to help ensure the effective prosecution of people who commit hate crime.
Whether online or in person, stirring up hatred or inciting violence will not be tolerated.
The Government are determined to take swift and robust action to stamp out hate crime, and perpetrators will face the full force of the law.
February marks LGBT History Month, and last night, many people came together in Speaker’s House to hear about the progress that has been made in tackling hate crime against the LGBT community.
Will the Solicitor General outline what steps have been taken to ensure that trans people in particular feel safe, and that perpetrators of hate crimes towards trans people are brought to justice?
The CPS prosecutes all cases that are referred to it, provided that they meet the full code test for Crown prosecutors.
I think we would all admit that there is more to do regarding the incidents to which the hon.
Member refers.
The CPS and police national hate crime leads are committed to joint working to increase the number of police referrals to the CPS for hate crime offences.
I call the Chair of the Justice Committee.
The criminal legal aid advisory board has asked the Government to raise fees in rape and serious sexual offences cases to address the shortage of advocates.
Prosecutors often earn 30% to 40% less than defence barristers in the same case.
Does the Solicitor General think that she should have a look at fees to ensure that there is not a shortage of advocates, particularly in these serious cases?
My hon.
Friend is right to identify this as a problem.
I know from discussions with RASSO charities in my constituency that the shortage of counsel is a direct contributor to cases being adjourned or delayed.
It contributes to the unfortunate slow pace   of justice, and to victim attrition.
Ministers in the Ministry of Justice have committed to work with the Bar leadership via the criminal legal aid advisory board, and to look at longer-term reform of legal aid.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Foreign Secretary to make a statement on the situation in Israel and the Occupied Palestinian Territories.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising this important matter, and for the urgent question being granted.
The whole House will be well aware that for the people of Gaza, so many of whom have lost lives, homes or loved ones, the last 14 months of conflict have been a living nightmare.
The UK is clear that we must see a negotiated two-state solution, with a sovereign Palestinian state which includes the west bank and Gaza, alongside a safe and secure Israel, with Jerusalem as the shared capital.
That has been the framework for peace for decades.
Our priority remains ensuring the fragile ceasefire continues, that all the hostages are released, that much-needed aid gets into Gaza and that we can rebuild that pathway to sustainable peace.
Palestinians must determine the future of Gaza, with support from regional states and the wider international community.
We would oppose any effort to move Palestinians in Gaza to neighbouring Arab states against their will.
There must be no forced displacement of Palestinians, nor any reduction in the territory of the Gaza strip.
Palestinian civilians should be able to return to and rebuild their homes and their lives.
That is a right guaranteed under international law.
Gaza is home to 2 million Palestinians and remains an integral part of what must become a future Palestinian state, with Palestinians living next to Israelis in peace and security.
The US has played a critical role in negotiating the ceasefire agreement between Israel and Hamas, alongside Qatar and Egypt.
As hon.
Members may know, the Prime Minister reiterated that in his call with President Trump.