I think I will be getting a lot of questions like this today, Mr Speaker.
We will announce where the 31 projects will be by the end of March.
We will also be looking at where we have had to put money into maintenance and upgrading defences.
We were left with flood defences in their worst state on record because of a complete dereliction of duty by the previous Government, so we have had to prioritise maintenance as well as building new defences, but I am hoping that the hon.
Gentleman will not have to wait too long.
I call the Chair of the Environmental Audit Committee.
My hon.
Friend the Minister and my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State deserve great credit for attracting the large investment that they have secured, but once they have finished the lap of honour, they will be aware that this is the first step up the mountain.
The Minister is right that the Government have inherited flood defences that are in an appalling state, and the latest estimate shows that as many as 6 million houses are at risk of flooding.
I call on her to get on with the flood improvements that we demand in Chesterfield.
First, will she tell us more about how she will ensure the money will be spent wisely?
Secondly, how will she ensure that the Treasury understands that this is not a one-year commitment, but something that we will need for the rest of this term in office?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question, and may I congratulate him on his recent engagement?
He is right to point out the importance of money being spent wisely now to save money in the future.
There are a couple of interesting factors: every £1 we spend on maintenance of flood defences saves £13 in damage prevention, and every £1 we spend on new defences saves £5 in damage prevention.
Those are important statistics that I use frequently in negotiations about future spending reviews with Treasury officials.
In the north of my constituency, between the Scottish border and Hadrian’s wall, lie the debatable lands, but in the centre of Carlisle lies a forgotten land along the River Caldew.
It is forgotten because of the incompetence of the Conservatives, who failed to deliver the flood defences along the Caldew that were promised after Carlisle was devastated in 2015.
Will the Minister remember the forgotten lands of Carlisle?
My hon.
Friend makes a persuasive case, as she has done at every oral question time we have had so far.
She is right to highlight the fact that not only did the previous Government leave our defences in the worst state on record, but they failed to spend some of  the money that had been allocated.
This Government are having to deal with that, along with the many other issues we are cleaning up.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Yet another wet winter across Somerset highlights the need for the Government to urgently deliver solutions to mitigate the impact of flooding on farmland and protect domestic food production.
The Brue headwaters multi-benefit project, facilitated by the Farming and Wildlife Advisory Group South West, is working with farmers and landowners in Bruton, Charlton Musgrove and Wincanton to address flooding issues and to hold workshops that focus on natural flood management, to slow the flow of water across the upper Brue, thus reducing flooding, sediment run-off and the associated pollution of water- courses.
Despite those efforts, many farmers in the catchment, and indeed the county and the country, are angry at the level of inundation of land that could be prevented by better flood management.
How will the Minister work to support farmers, build flood resilience and protect food security?
The hon.
Lady is right to point out how angry farmers are and how they feel they have been let down by the previous Government on flood defences.