Lastly, the right hon.
Lady asked whether there had been a change in types of aid.
We need access for tents in particular, as well as other forms of shelter and medical supplies.
When I was in Jordan, I saw medical supplies that it had not been possible to deliver to Gaza, and we need access for those.
We have seen improvements in some areas, but given the scale of the challenge, we  need to see further improvements, especially in relation to water and sanitation where there has been a great deal of destruction.
Urgent action is needed to improve the position.
rose—
To those Members who were seven minutes late, please do not embarrass each other by standing.
We have seen a really worrying escalation of violence on the west bank, just at the time when this fragile peace has been found in Gaza.
Large parts of Jenin refugee camp have been completely destroyed by Israeli security forces, and thousands have been forcibly displaced.
UNRWA services have been interrupted.
What measures is the Minister taking to ensure that Palestinians can live safely and securely in their homes on the west bank?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising this issue.
She has considerable expertise in the area of humanitarian support, as do many other Members in the Chamber.
As I said in my previous response, the UK is very concerned about the situation in Jenin, which we continue to monitor very carefully.
We are clear that peace and stability on the west bank is in everyone’s interests—it is in the state of Israel’s interests, and in the interests of Palestinians.
On  18 December , in a statement at the UN Security Council meeting on the Occupied Palestinian Territories, the UK called on Israel to stop illegal settlement expansion on Palestinian land, and we are considering all options for taking further action.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
President Trump’s proposals for the forced displacement of Gaza’s 2.2 million inhabitants would constitute a grave violation of international law, and threaten the fragile ceasefire and the return of the hostages.
Will the Minister condemn them?
The Palestinian people have a right to self-determination and to a state of their own, as has been British policy for decades, so will the Government finally commit to an immediate recognition of a Palestinian state along the 1967 borders?
The welcome ceasefire has given us the opportunity to flood Gaza with aid, but the freeze to US aid funding is reportedly impacting the humanitarian response; non-governmental organisations are being forced to lay off aid workers.
What has the impact been on the humanitarian response in Gaza, including on British-funded programmes, and what conversations are the Government having with our American partners to persuade them that abolishing US aid would be a dire mistake?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for the important points she raised.
The UK’s position on the right to return could not be clearer.
I quoted the Prime Minister’s remarks, which were most definitely that Palestinians must be allowed to go back to their homes and communities in Gaza, and must be allowed to rebuild.
That is in line with international law.
There is no doubt whatsoever about the UK’s position on this.
The hon.
Lady asked about the position on recognition.
I responded to that when answering my hon.
Friend  the Member for Middlesbrough and Thornaby East (Andy  McDonald) .
The UK has been clear that we believe it is important that both Palestinians and Israelis have the sovereignty that is required for them, and the security that is necessary in order to live in peace.
We will ensure that the UK’s decision on recognition is a contribution to the process towards a two-state solution, which we desperately need to see.
Finally, the hon.
Lady asked about US aid.