Will the Minister acknowledge that hard-working farmers are being caught in the crossfire in this Government’s dash towards green targets, and does she recognise the fear among our farmers that their policies amount not to food security but food lunacy?
That is a lot of sound and fury, but this is something the Conservatives were working on in government.
This has shades of the deposit return scheme, which was essentially the hon.
Gentleman’s legislation, but those on the shadow Front Bench were absent without leave when it came to the vote.
We have published a consultation on the land use framework.
It has been welcomed by the National Farmers Union and by farmers for giving certainty and security—something that was sadly lacking from the previous Government.
What steps he is taking to increase the accountability of water company executives for service failures.
I thank my hon.
Friend for his service on the Water (Special Measures) Bill Committee.
He will know that the Bill creates new powers for the regulator, including banning the payment of unjustified bonuses for water bosses whose companies fail to meet environmental standards and ensuring that imprisonment is a sentencing option where environmental regulators are obstructed.
That will hold water companies and their executives to account.
In addition, we are doubling compensation for poor service to hold water companies to account for failure in their service delivery.
I thank the Secretary of State for his answer.
Many of my constituents in Southampton Itchen have written to me, outraged at the 53% bill increase that Southern Water is proposing at a time when it and  others continue to pollute our rivers at an alarming rate.
This is simply becoming a national scandal.
As part of the work of the coming independent water review, will the Secretary of State ensure that water companies get back to delivering reliable services for customers, rather than lining the pockets of executives and shareholders?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
Bills, of course, are going up because the previous Government did nothing as our sewerage infrastructure crumbled and millions of pounds were allowed to be diverted to pay for bonuses and dividends instead of investment.
This Government have ringfenced the money earmarked for infrastructure so that this scandal can never happen again.
Essex and Suffolk Water has issued a moratorium on commercial businesses pulling water out of the ground, which it says is due to the Environment Agency.
The problem is that water-intensive businesses need water to grow.
Aspall in my constituency has £10 million of investment ready to go to grow its cidery.
Without access to water, it cannot make that investment.
If this Government are serious about going for growth, will the Minister meet me to find a solution to the moratorium so that we can move forward?
I am more than happy to ask the Minister for water, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston upon Hull West and Haltemprice (Emma Hardy) , to meet the hon.
Gentleman, who raises an important point.
I have asked Sir Jon Cunliffe to look at how we can better manage this as part of the work he is leading.
What steps he is taking to help reduce sewage in rivers.
What steps he is taking to help improve the health of rivers.
The previous Government did nothing as water companies discharged record levels of sewage into our waterways.
The Water (Special Measures) Bill will create new powers, including banning water companies that pollute from paying bonuses, and bringing criminal charges against persistent lawbreakers.
Ofwat has confirmed a record £104 billion investment to fix our broken water infrastructure and end the Tory sewage scandal once and for all.
In Harrogate and Knaresborough, the River Nidd regularly overflows with sewage.
When I visited the Killinghall sewage treatment works last year, a key thing that came to light was that water companies are putting in infrastructure to manage the current sewage issue, rather than future-proofing.