In early December I wrote to the Secretary of State to invite him to meet Devon’s farming community, at an event to be organised in conjunction with the NFU in Devon, to provide clarity on the policies’ objectives and to address their concerns.
I am yet to receive a response.
I ask him directly now: will he come to Devon, meet local farmers, and explain how these policies will not undermine their livelihoods and the future of British farming?
I thank the hon.
Member for his question, which is one that I have been asked at the Dispatch Box many times over the past few weeks.
I have been to meet farmers in Cumbria, and last week I met farmers in south Cambridgeshire.
I would love to meet farmers in Devon, so I am happy to add him to the list for my grand tour across the country to reassure people that there is a strong plan to ensure that farmers have a viable future, which they did not have under the last Government.
On that point, when Ministers make such tours, I hope that they will ensure that local MPs are made aware of the fact, because that did not happen in my case.
What steps he is taking to improve the regulation of metal recycling businesses.
Metal recyclers are regulated by local authorities and the Environment Agency and must meet specific treatment standards.
We are ensuring that online marketplaces and vape producers contribute fairly towards the cost of recycling waste electricals, including metal components, and the sale of disposable vapes will be banned from  1 June .
Six times in the past 12 months, Hitchin has had to endure repeated fires in industrial estates often triggered by lithium-ion batteries.
It is clear that we need much tougher regulations to ensure the safety of those sites and, given the inherent risk that their businesses now pose, consideration of whether a time-limited licensing scheme would better enable local authorities to ensure that their location remains appropriate with evolving land use.
Will the Minister meet me to ensure that we can make progress on this important issue?
I am always happy to meet my hon.
Friend.
Battery-related fires risk lives, livelihoods and the environment.
The Environment Agency is currently reviewing approximately 2,000 metal recycling permits.
The Hitchin shredder site is midway through its review, and a revised permit will be issued shortly.
The Environment Agency has also produced new regulatory guidance on metal shredding and will consult on guidance for waste batteries in the spring.
In Northern Ireland we are fortunate to have fairly good regulation of metal recycling businesses.
Ards and North Down borough council, for example, do that exceptionally well.
Other businesses across my borough, and indeed in Belfast and further afield in Northern Ireland, do the same.
I know that the Minister loves going to Northern Ireland.
Has she had an opportunity to speak to the relevant Minister in the Northern Ireland Executive to discuss what we are doing to help here?
The hon.
Gentleman knows my affection and my origins in County Fermanagh, the lakeland county.
I would be happy to talk to Minister Muir about what we can learn in England from the good practice that seems to be happening in Northern Ireland.
What steps he is taking to encourage public bodies to purchase British produce.
Over recent weeks we have announced a series of reforms delivering on the Government’s new deal for farmers, ensuring that, in line with World Trade Organisation rules and domestic procurement rules, we can ensure that procurement is used to back British farmers.
Farmers and growers in my constituency want to sell to hospitals and schools, but over the past few years they have found that increasingly difficult, not least because of the procurement chapters in the trade agreements that were concluded by the Conservative Government.
Will my hon.