That location now has thousands of houses, a school and a nursery.
Frankly, it is now in the heart of the community and no longer on the outskirts.
Given that the incinerator is yet to be built, does the Minister agree with me that, in the light of the crackdown on waste incinerators, the planning application should be looked at again and the incinerator moved?
It is not appropriate for me to comment on a specific planning permission case, but I do encourage those developing energy-from-waste facilities, including those that already have permission, to consider the evidence that DEFRA published over the recess, the new  standards that we have introduced and the Government’s circular economy opportunities when determining whether their facility is still required.
I call the Chair of the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Committee.
May I take the Secretary of State back to the subject of illegal meat imports?
On Tuesday the Select Committee was told that at Dover this work, which covers only 20% of arrivals, is being done in live lanes, despite the fact that there is a border control post at Dover that is sitting unused, and the funding for Dover Port Health Authority is due to expire at the end of March.
Can we at the very least sort out the financing of this for the next financial year?
I thank the Chair of the Select Committee for his question.
The issues at Dover are significant and long-running.
The funding was not resolved ahead of the general election, and there is an ongoing discussion.
We are very aware of the challenges, but we are on it, and we will make sure that we are talking to those at Dover Port Health Authority.
Rural communities such as Marchington, Draycot and Rolleston have been suffering with flooding for many years, with funding often going to areas with larger populations.
Can the Minister set out what steps she has taken to ensure that rural communities are not left out of flood protection funding?
I thank my hon.
Friend, who is right to highlight how the previous flooding formula discriminated against rural communities because it was based purely on the number of properties protected, not on creating the right solution in the right area.
That is exactly why we wish to reform the formula, and we will be announcing a consultation very shortly.
Given that the Office for Budget Responsibility refused to endorse the £22 billion black hole figure—in fact, it refused to say that there was any black hole at all—will the Secretary of State tell the House what possible justification there can be for the removal of agricultural property relief, which will do untold damage to the growth prospects of family farms in my constituency and across the country?
The right hon.
Member is fully aware of the appalling state the public finances were left in at the end of his Government.
This Government have had to take very difficult decisions to balance the finances so we can get growth that will benefit the entire economy, including the farming sector, which was on its knees after 14 years of Conservative rule.
The Solicitor General was asked—
What steps she is taking to ensure adequate numbers of Crown Prosecution Service prosecutors.
I would like to start by congratulating US Attorney General Pam Bondi on her confirmation yesterday.
The Attorney General and I look forward to working closely with her on our long list of shared priorities.
CPS prosecutors perform vital work to serve the public and deliver justice for victims.
We have taken steps to strengthen the CPS workforce, including by boosting staff numbers in specialist rape and serious sexual assault units, as well as by being tough on crime, supporting victims and restoring confidence in the criminal justice system.
All these things are part of this Government’s mission to make our streets safe, and the CPS has a key role to play in that mission.