Given the vital role that farming plays in both our rural economy and in food security, what specific measures will the Government introduce to stop the need for diversification and ensure that farming remains a financially viable and attractive industry for the next generation of West Dorset farmers?
The hon.
Gentleman makes an important set of points, but I point him to the speech that my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State made at Oxford, because he made the very strong point that farming needs to get a better return for the hard work that farmers do.
Alongside that, diversification is important to allow people to get through the difficult times, which inevitably come up in a cyclical business such as farming.
The increasing demand for biofuel feedstocks offers a huge opportunity for agriculture, particularly in feedstocks for sustainable aviation fuel.
With the welcome SAF mandate and revenue certainty mechanism, there is a real chance for growth in this area, especially if we support rapid conversion at Grangemouth.
What steps is the Minister taking to secure a scalable supply of feedstocks, and how he will remove barriers to their use in the production of SAF?
My hon.
Friend makes a very important point, but we need to make sure that we get the right balance between producing food and using our land for other purposes.
That is why it is so important that a land use framework was brought forward.
We have a consultation going on for the next 12 weeks, and I am sure that he and others will contribute to it.
I call the shadow Minister.
To have growth in agriculture we need healthy animals, and for that, farms need biosecurity.
Crucial to that is the Animal and Plant Health Agency, which deserves our thanks in these challenging times.
With the alarming recent foot and mouth outbreak in Germany, avian influenza again surging, bluetongue still with us and African swine fever at our doorstep, we must act urgently.
Please can the Government release the further necessary £1.4 billion to redevelop the APHA headquarters in Weybridge?
The programme was started under the Conservatives, with £1.2 billion committed in 2020.
For the sake of agriculture, animal health, rural mental health, biosecurity and national security, please will the Minister act now?
The hon.
Gentleman makes an important set of points about the biosecurity needed to protect our country.
Over the past few weeks we have had a series of questions across the Dispatch Box about the foot and mouth outbreak in Germany and avian influenza.
We have had this discussion about the investment in Weybridge, and I am delighted that this Government have brought forward a £280 million investment there.
Of course, we need to do more in future, but what on earth were the previous Government doing over the past 14 years?
What assessment his Department has made of the potential impact of the autumn Budget 2024 on business confidence among farmers.
The truth is that confidence among farmers has been far too low for far too long.
That is why this Government are setting out the sustainable long-term plan for farming.
Again, I point people to the Secretary of State’s address at the Oxford farming conference.
We will continue to progress our priorities over the coming weeks.
Farmers across Devon are rightly concerned about Labour’s planned changes to agricultural property relief and business property relief, particularly the serious impact on family farms and on the sustainability of rural communities.
In early December I wrote to the Secretary of State to invite him to meet Devon’s farming community, at an event to be organised in conjunction with the NFU in Devon, to provide clarity on the policies’ objectives and to address their concerns.
I am yet to receive a response.
I ask him directly now: will he come to Devon, meet local farmers, and explain how these policies will not undermine their livelihoods and the future of British farming?