Over recent weeks we have announced a series of reforms delivering on the Government’s new deal for farmers, ensuring that, in line with World Trade Organisation rules and domestic procurement rules, we can ensure that procurement is used to back British farmers.
Farmers and growers in my constituency want to sell to hospitals and schools, but over the past few years they have found that increasingly difficult, not least because of the procurement chapters in the trade agreements that were concluded by the Conservative Government.
Will my hon.
Friend confirm that, under this Government, growers and farmers will be able to sell to public bodies and play their part in keeping Britain fed?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right; there is a real opportunity here, with £5 billion of purchasing power in the public sector, so we are looking at ways of ensuring that happens.
It was a real surprise for us to find that the previous Government had not even measured the amount that was being bought—that is the starting point.
We will start to make that happen, and we will get that huge opportunity for British farmers.
I welcome the Government’s focus in this area.
One of the barriers that small agricultural businesses in my constituency face in supplying the public sector is the complexity of the contracting process.
The Crown Commercial Service made significant improvements to its portal last year, but I urge the ministerial team to build on that progress to make it easier, particularly for small companies, to provide food to the public sector.
Ultimately, we all want to see more of that.
I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman not only for his question, but for his interest in and attendance at DEFRA questions—we are honoured to have him here.
I am very happy to look at what he suggests and to work towards making those proposals work.
We know that it is complicated within World Trade Organisation rules, but there is a real prize to be had here.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
The first role of any Government is to protect their citizens.
Yesterday we announced that we are committing a record £2.65 billion to build and maintain around 1,000 flood defences, to protect lives, homes and businesses—a 26% uplift per annum on what the previous Government were spending.
We are immediately using £140 million to unblock over 30 projects that are ready for delivery but stalled under the previous Government.
We are launching a consultation to update the funding formula so that we can speed up new schemes and ensure that rural and coastal communities are properly included.
The previous Government left our flood defences in the worst condition ever recorded.
This Government will put them right.
Levels of E. coli and faecal matter in the River Itchen remain disgustingly high.
I commend the Friends of the Itchen Estuary group for their work to highlight the issue.
Like me, they want designated bathing water status in order to protect the river, so will the Secretary of State update us on when that application process will open again and on what changes we can expect?
I pay tribute to the Friends of the Itchen Estuary for their advocacy on this important issue.
The Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs ran a consultation on reforms to the Bathing Water Regulations 2013, which closed on  23 December 2024 .
We are currently analysing the responses and considering how any proposed changes may impact the application and designation process, and we will of course respond fully in due course.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
The head of the Dover Port Health Authority warned the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Committee this week that if funding is not secured with seven weeks, food security checks at the border will be stopped.