Ofwat has confirmed a record £104 billion investment to fix our broken water infrastructure and end the Tory sewage scandal once and for all.
In Harrogate and Knaresborough, the River Nidd regularly overflows with sewage.
When I visited the Killinghall sewage treatment works last year, a key thing that came to light was that water companies are putting in infrastructure to manage the current sewage issue, rather than future-proofing.
What steps will the Minister take to ensure we build sewage works that meet both current and future demand?
The money announced in Ofwat’s final determination before Christmas will create record levels of investment in our water system to do precisely what  the hon.
Gentleman says, dealing with the current sewage problems while also putting in place the infrastructure to manage and meet future demand.
As the Secretary of State knows, North Herefordshire is badly affected by water pollution, with devastating effects for the local economy.
He also knows that agricultural pollution, not sewage, is the main problem in my constituency.
He did not mention that in his answer, so I respectfully remind him yet again that the Government need to tackle agricultural pollution and sewage pollution in a joined-up way.
We know the solutions—
Order.
I apologise, Mr Speaker.
I will get to my point.
As the Minister did not answer the first part of the question, I had to raise it.
In North Herefordshire, we know that the solutions require farmers, regulators and environmental organisations to take action together.
Will the Secretary of State now commit the funding needed to take forward the Wye catchment plan, and will he visit North Herefordshire with me?
Order.
I think the Minister has heard the question.
The hon.
Lady makes an important point.
Our farming road map will look at how we can reduce run-off from agriculture, which is a major source of pollution in our waterways.
We are looking at how we can move to catchment-based models, including for the Wye, where a great deal of important work has already been done, so that we can more effectively tackle all the sources of pollution that are causing such trouble for our waterways.
What steps his Department is taking to support flood preparedness projects.
What steps he is taking to support flood preparedness projects.
The first duty of any Government is to protect our citizens, so we are investing a record £2.65 billion over two years in building, maintaining and upgrading flood defences, which will protect 66,500 properties across England.
Across my constituency of Guildford, the local flood forums work tirelessly, bringing together agencies and residents to address the growing concerns they have about flooding.
Will the Minister provide detail on how the Government will ensure that constituencies like mine, which often miss out because they are semi-rural and urban, get the funding they need to address current flooding issues?
How can we mitigate the growing flooding issues across Guildford in a holistic and sustainable way?
The hon.
Lady is right to highlight that under the previous funding formula, rural communities often missed out on the defences they desperately need.
We have set out plans to consult on a new formula that is going to be announced fairly shortly, and she will be very welcome to contribute to that.
Will the Minister confirm what portion of the £2.6 billion allocated to flood preparedness will be used in my constituency of Maidenhead, specifically to protect the villages of Hurley and Cookham?
I think I will be getting a lot of questions like this today, Mr Speaker.
We will announce where the 31 projects will be by the end of March.
We will also be looking at where we have had to put money into maintenance and upgrading defences.