That is why, working with the CPS and the police, we have brought in the domestic abuse joint justice plan—which I am pleased to say is already leading to a modest increase in referrals of domestic abuse cases—to improve the investigation, prosecution, and handling of domestic abuse cases.
In June 2024, 60% of rape investigations were closed because the victim dropped out.
On top of that I have heard harrowing stories from my constituents who went to court over their sexual assault, and who felt humiliated and were further traumatised by that process.
What work is being done to ensure that victims of sexual violence are treated with empathy and respect during the court process?
My hon.
Friend asks a pertinent question, and I am sure the whole House will be sorry to hear of the examples that she raised.
She is right to say that all victims ought to be treated with empathy and respect, because victims’ loss of confidence in the criminal justice undermines the entire process of justice.
I am working with the CPS to ensure better support for victims in rape and serious sexual offence cases, including by hiring victim liaison officers in teams prosecuting such cases.
I had the pleasure of meeting some of those victim liaison officers while visiting the CPS in Cardiff, and I was able to hear first hand about the vital work they are doing to support victims.
My constituency is blighted by the shocking crime of child sexual exploitation, and rebuilding trust among victims in our criminal justice system is vital if victims are to come forward.
Recently, eight men from my constituency were sentenced for the horrendous gang rape of two children and received shockingly short sentences; one was as low as three years.
I have written to the Attorney General on this issue.
Does the Solicitor General agree that these weak sentences are hugely damaging trust in our justice system?
Will she commit, via the Attorney General, to reviewing them?
The example that the hon.
Member refers to is indeed heinous.
The conduct of those who have been involved in such crimes has rightly shocked and appalled people right across the country.
He refers to a referral to the Attorney General’s Office, and it is therefore not appropriate for me to comment on that specific case further.
I have had many victims of domestic abuse write to me, following lengthy periods of inaction from the police, the Crown Prosecution Service and other organisations, which have left victims at risk and feeling horribly anxious.
How will the Minister ensure that prosecution rates improve and victims have confidence in the criminal justice system?
The hon.
Member makes an important point.
I am sorry to hear of the examples that she raises.
This Government have a historic mission to halve violence against women and girls in a decade, and we are taking a series of important steps to work towards the increased number of prosecutions that she refers to.
For example, we are introducing specialist rape and sexual offences teams in every police force; working to increase referrals with the recently launched domestic abuse joint justice plan; fast-tracking rape cases; and introducing free independent legal advisers for victims of adult rape.
I referred earlier to domestic abuse protection orders, and the first convictions for breach of them are already being seen.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of the Serious Fraud Office’s progress on tackling economic crime.
The SFO does crucial work to tackle complex fraud, bribery and corruption.
I have met senior SFO staff on multiple occasions in the past two months, and I recently visited SFO HQ to understand more about the ways it is putting the latest technology to use in tackling economic crime and returning stolen funds to victims.
Under the new director of the SFO, the SFO has opened seven new overt investigations and charged 10 defendants in cases involving more than 800 victims.