Palestinians are now facing mass expulsion, reoccupation and resettlement, all while the international rules-based order has been ripped to shreds.
I believe it has been incredibly important for the UK to engage diplomatically in relation to this conflict.
It is absolutely right that we have sought to work with partners on these issues, that we have supported statements within the UN Security Council, that we have worked with partners in the region, that we have sought to achieve change, and that we sought to ensure the ceasefire was agreed.
We need to see more hostages released, we need a surge of aid into Gaza and, ultimately, we need to work with other countries towards the two-state solution that is so necessary.
I believe our work has been important, and I believe that Members would not have forgiven the UK Government if we had not engaged determinedly with those actions.
My hon.
Friend asks about the UK’s position, particularly on the right to return.
We have stated very clearly, including at the highest level with the Prime Minister’s statement yesterday, that those who are walking through the rubble to get back to their homes and communities in Gaza must be allowed home.
Of course, in saying that, the Prime Minister is restating international law.
Does the Minister accept that we got here after 16 months of weakness and vacillation by both this Government and the previous Government?
As we contemplate the hundreds of thousands of people who are returning to their homes to dig out their relatives from under the rubble, the welcome return of the hostages, and the 40,000-odd orphans—and even more amputees—does she recognise that the hot air we have heard from both Governments, frankly, got us to a situation in which the Israelis are demolishing buildings in Jenin with people still inside and in which the President of the United States is openly contemplating the forcible transfer of Palestinians?
If the right hon.
Lady accepts that vacillation, will she confirm a couple of things for the avoidance of doubt?
First, are Arabs, and Palestinians in particular, entitled to the same protections under international law as everybody else?
Secondly, do we still affirm our support for UN Security Council resolution 3236, which guarantees the Palestinians’ safety, security and sovereignty in their own land?
If so, when will she stop just talking about it and actually take action to enforce these matters in law?
As the right hon.
Member is aware and as we have discussed previously, this UK Government have taken a different approach from the previous Government on matters of accountability.
We were very clear that the UK’s arms export regime had to be held to and operated in line with international humanitarian law.
That underwrote the decisions we took in the autumn:  we said we would examine that regime and deliver on it, and we examined that regime and suspended a number of licences.
He is also aware about the new UK Government’s different position on the legitimacy of the International Criminal Court, the International Court of Justice and UNRWA, and he is aware that we resumed funding for UNRWA.
I do not want to labour the point because so many hon.
Members want to ask questions, but it is important that the UK has engaged in diplomacy and sought to work with our partners.
I believe hon.
Members would expect the UK Government to do that and to engage with the UN on these matters, rather than to walk away.
I would underline that international law is universal: it must be—that is its founding principle.
It operates regardless of circumstance or which population and individuals we are talking about.
On the right hon.
Member’s last point, we have been very clear about the right to return.