I am grateful for the warm welcome.
How does the Minister expect businesses in Northern Ireland to grow and invest in their communities, given that they have to pay the enormous tax increases imposed by the Chancellor?
Even after accounting for employer national insurance contribution impacts, the Office for Budget Responsibility expects real wages to rise by 3%.
Raising the revenue to fill the £22 billion black hole required us to take difficult decisions, but they will result in improved public services, which is good for all people in Northern Ireland.
What progress his Department has made on securing the future of Harland and Wolff in Northern Ireland.
I welcome the industry-led deal that will see Navantia UK purchase Harland and Wolff’s four shipyards in the UK, including that in Belfast.
The Government have worked closely with Navantia UK to secure the future of the yards, the fleet solid support ship programme, and around 1,000 jobs across the UK.
Does my right hon.
Friend share my optimism that now that the future of the Harland and Wolff yard has been secured, the yard will be able to secure future orders?
I certainly do.
That is one of the great benefits of the commercial agreement that has been reached with Navantia on buying Harland and Wolff, and the adjustments made to the contract to ensure that the fleet solid support ships could go ahead.
This is a great facility, and it is open for business, including for other orders.
A company in my constituency of Strangford is among those that will suffer because of Harland and Wolff being in administration.
This small family firm—I will not put its name in Hansard—will lose half a million pounds.
The impact on that company and others is quite catastrophic.
What can be done to help those companies that, through Harland and Wolff being in administration, will either not be able to trade, or risk losing out entirely?
I recognise the hon.
Gentleman’s concerns.
This is a product of the failure of the old Harland and Wolff.
It now falls to Navantia to decide which of the invoices it wishes to pay, but it will want to secure a relationship with suppliers contributing to the fleet solid support ship programme.
Before we come to Prime Minister’s questions, may I welcome the Speaker of the Assembly of the Republic of Albania, Elisa Spiropali, who is in the Public Gallery?
The Prime Minister was asked—
If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 15 January.
I know that Members across the House will want to extend our thanks to President Biden for his steadfast leadership, and to warmly congratulate President-elect Trump ahead of his inauguration.
In my conversation with President-elect Trump, we have underlined our shared commitment to the special relationship in the years to come.
This week, we launched our AI opportunities action plan, which, as part of our plan for change, will ensure that we seize the opportunities of AI to benefit working people.
This will boost productivity, transform public services and deliver £39 billion of investment and more than 13,000 jobs.
This morning, I had meetings with ministerial colleagues.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
With almost 4.5 million entries and exits over the past year, Maidenhead train station is a busy transport hub, but with crowded gatelines, flooded underpasses and a drop-off facility that is not fit for purpose, the station needs major upgrades to give Maidenhead commuters what they deserve.
Does the Prime Minister understand what Maidenhead residents face at the station, and will he commit his Government to fixing these issues in this Parliament?
I thank the hon.
Member for his question.
I am pleased that his constituents are benefiting from upgrades at the station, including, I think, new lifts to make the station fully accessible.
The issues that he raises are faced by passengers right across the country.