Turning to the economy, though, I have an idea for the Chancellor to grow the economy.
As President-elect Trump prepares to take office next week, there are reports that a number of wealthy, high-skilled Americans are looking to come to the UK for fear of what he will do to their country.
However, because the Conservatives so broke the immigration system, many of them are finding that there is no visa they can apply for.
I know that the Prime Minister is rightly seeking to reduce immigration from the record highs of the Conservatives, but does he agree that if people like this want to come to  our country—to bring their money and their skills, so that we can grow our economy and pay for our public services—they should be able to?
We welcome all investment into the United Kingdom.
I am very pleased to have had record investment in the time we have been in office, and continue to welcome investors and investment to this country.
The right hon.
Member is absolutely right that the last Government lost control of immigration, as they lost control of health, the economy, the borders and everything else.
Of course, it was the Leader of the Opposition who was championing the driving up of the numbers.
We will bring those numbers down, get immigration back under control and encourage investment.
Dental deserts mean that routine dental check-ups and treatment are often unavailable in local communities.
In my constituency, we have had a dedicated space for a dental practice in the Blackburn partnership centre since 2018, but NHS Lothian has been unable to secure a dental practice.
What steps will the Prime Minister take to work with devolved Governments to improve access to local NHS dentists across the UK?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that issue, which shows the state of public services under the SNP.
If you can believe it, Mr Speaker, a third of Scots struggle to access dentistry, and a quarter of Scottish children start primary school with tooth decay—that is really shocking.
Clearly, there is much more that the SNP should be doing. [
Interruption.]
The SNP should be ashamed.
When a quarter of children are starting school with tooth decay, that is nothing to crow about; it is something to be ashamed of.
Here, we are delivering an additional 700,000 appointments and reforming the contract, and of course we will work with the Scottish Government to improve the health of children in Scotland.
Given President Trump’s antipathy to the EU, how does the Prime Minister hope to obtain a trade deal for the whole United Kingdom in circumstances where the trade laws affecting part of the United Kingdom—namely Northern Ireland—are the EU’s trade laws, and where the laws governing goods and standards for what can be imported are EU laws?
In those circumstances, how can a deal be obtained for the whole United Kingdom, or is the Prime Minister only interested in a deal that would apply to GB, thereby further ostracising Northern Ireland from the Union?
The hon.
and learned Member knows that controls apply only to EU goods moving into Great Britain.
The overwhelming majority of goods moving between Northern Ireland and Great Britain will continue to enjoy unfettered access to Great Britain indefinitely.
The hon.
and learned Member has made much of mutual enforcement; the reality is that this is mutual agreement.
I know that he has his proposal, but I think his proposal would lead in the end to a hard border—something that has been rejected across this House on many, many occasions, and for good reason.
In the general election campaign, Labour leadership promised that if we won, we would step in and save the Grangemouth refinery, retain those jobs and invest in the refinery’s future.
Six months later, that has not happened yet.
If the refinery closes, thousands of jobs will be lost and Scotland’s national security will become massively weaker.