Age UK Leicestershire has done a sterling job over the last few months in supporting pensioners who have lost the winter fuel payment as a result of the Government’s Budget.
It now faces a staggering £400,000 increase in its costs as a result of the increase in national insurance.
What advice can the Prime Minister give to charities such as Age UK that now have to decide whether to cut jobs or slash services to some of the most vulnerable in society?
The advantage, I suppose, of the Leader of the Opposition having no policies is that Opposition Members can say completely contradictory things without breaching their policy.
They want the benefits of the Budget, but none of the tough measures to support the Budget.
We have taken the decision in relation to pension credit and pension allowances, but because of our commitment to the triple lock, there will be an upgrade in April of this year of £460 for everyone.
What I notice is that before Christmas, the shadow Chancellor said that the triple lock is “unsustainable”—unsustainable—so that is their position.
Pensions are going up under this Government because we are committing to the triple lock; the triple lock being unsustainable is their argument.
Later this month, my constituency will mark the anniversary of the tragic murder of Holly Newton.
Will the Prime Minister and the Home Secretary look urgently at the calls from Holly’s mother Micala Trussler to lower the age at which a person can be recognised as a victim of domestic abuse?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that tragic case; it is a really important issue.
We have seen an increase in violence in teenage relationships in the last decade, and I have been continually shocked by research that shows there is abuse in relationships at a younger and younger age.
We do need to look at the earliest opportunity at how we properly protect girls.
Since becoming the Labour leader, has the Prime Minister ever discussed or communicated with Philippe Sands KC about the Chagos islands?
No.
York is an incredible city, but demands on tourist destinations such as York, which receives over 9 million visitors and 1.7 million overnight stays, place significant pressure on local public services and housing used as short-term holiday lets.
What steps will the Prime Minister take to equip local authorities to better balance the benefits of tourism against the additional costs to our communities?
Tourism is vital to our economy, particularly in cities like York.
Places can already choose to introduce a voluntary levy on overnight stays.
Our focus is on supporting industry, including by providing a 40% relief for retail, hospitality and leisure properties and permanently lowering their rates from next April.
Margaret from Stockton is furious.
Stockton’s Labour council is axing her weekly bin collections, scrapping free high-street parking and closing her local recycling centre, all the while employing a ridiculous number of people on £100,000 salaries.
But she is even more furious because it is taking on another one: behind closed doors—probably in a darkened room—it has created a new interim role for the managing director’s best mate on 900 quid a day.
It has never been approved by the council and it has never been advertised as a job.
Margaret is right to be angry, isn’t she?
I am sure that Margaret would be pleased to see the incredible investment going into the area and the 4,000 jobs that are growing the economy.
The state of our local councils was left completely damaged by the last Government.
She knows that, and everybody knows that.
I call Grahame Morris.
You can never have too many Morrises, Mr Speaker.
To their credit, in their first Budget the Labour Government transferred the mineworkers’ pension scheme investment reserve fund, benefiting nearly 4,000 former miners and miners’ widows in my constituency.
However, almost 700 British Coal staff superannuation scheme pensioners in my constituency were excluded.