Upholding high biosecurity standards is paramount for protecting and promoting food production and food safety, both animal and human, and supporting our economy and trade.
That is why we have invested a further £200 million in the UK’s main research laboratory testing facilities at Weybridge to bolster protection against animal disease.
While we stand ready to protect our livestock from the threat of foot and mouth and other exotic diseases, we also offer our support to our European neighbours  as they face this threat to their livestock, farming and rural communities.
I can assure the House that the Government will be decisive and take the necessary action to protect our farmers from foot and mouth disease.
Thank you for granting this urgent question, Mr Speaker.
I declare a strong personal and professional interest.
As a veterinary surgeon I supervised some of the animal culls in the 2001 outbreak, witnessing sights I never want to see again.
The confirmation on  10 January  of foot and mouth disease in Germany, with subsequent slaughter and movement restrictions, is sending shockwaves around Europe and the UK.
We have requested this urgent question as no statement was provided to the House on Monday or Tuesday.
The shadow DEFRA Secretary, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Louth and Horncastle (Victoria Atkins) , is unable to be with us today as she is at the LAMMA show in Birmingham speaking to agricultural manufacturers and farmers.
In 2001, the foot and mouth outbreak resulted in more than 6 million animals being culled and cost £12.8 billion in today’s prices.
It devastated the farming community, and farmers want reassurance that action is been taken to protect our borders, their livestock and their livelihoods.
The mental health impacts of foot and mouth cannot be overstated.
Can the Minister reassure us that the announced movement restrictions are fully in place for animals and products coming to the UK from the affected area?
Will the Government think about extending the ban to personal imports of meat and milk products unless accompanied by veterinary documentation?
Can the Minister update us on the work tracing possible movements of products from Germany?
What advice is there about movements of people and vehicles from the area in terms of fomite transmission of the virus?
And, heaven forbid, if foot and mouth ever enters the United Kingdom, what is the situation regarding vaccine supply and potential deployment?
Finally, I pay tribute to the chief vets and the veterinary and animal officers and scientists and officials at the Animal and Plant Health Agency, who do so much to keep our country biosecure.
This foot and mouth disease wake-up call is yet more evidence that the Government must now commit to fully fund the redevelopment of the APHA HQ in Weybridge.
I urge the Government from the bottom of my heart to fully fund that redevelopment, to make sure that the burning pyres of slaughtered animals, as well as the economic and mental health devastation of foot and mouth disease, remain resolutely confined to the history books.
I fully appreciate the expertise and passion the hon.
Gentleman brings to this subject; he knows of what he speaks.
I hope I made it clear in my initial reply just how seriously the Government take these issues.
I spoke to him earlier this morning ahead of a Delegated Legislation Committee to make it clear that we would work on a cross-party basis to tackle this, should it come to our shores.
I will try to address the hon.
Member’s questions, particularly those around vaccination, because that is always raised and is always of concern.
We are absolutely ready in case that is a control that we need to implement.