In the general election campaign, Labour leadership promised that if we won, we would step in and save the Grangemouth refinery, retain those jobs and invest in the refinery’s future.
Six months later, that has not happened yet.
If the refinery closes, thousands of jobs will be lost and Scotland’s national security will become massively weaker.
Now that we are in power, I know that the Government should use that power to intervene and save the refinery jobs, protect Scotland and deliver on the promise to build Grangemouth for the future.
Will the Prime Minister do that?
This is a really important point, because before July there was no plan at all to support the workers at Grangemouth.
Within weeks, and importantly, we announced £100 million for a growth deal, and we are jointly funding Project Willow to find a viable long-term future.
It is a really serious point, I take it very seriously and we will do everything we can to make sure that viable long-term future is there for the workers, their communities and all who rely on it.
The Russian invasion of Ukraine has led to the emergence of bacteria that are severely resistant to multiple antibiotics, and this is now seriously delaying the return of injured soldiers to the frontline.
We know that, just like Mr Putin, these superbugs do not respect national borders.
It is only a matter of time until we start to detect them in our NHS hospitals, and we know that antimicrobial resistance is a huge challenge facing us at the moment.
Will the Prime Minister consider supporting the Ukrainian war effort by providing rapid diagnostic tests that can be used in the field and in civilian hospitals, which would not only enable us to diagnose and treat these resistant infections more quickly, returning soldiers back to the frontline more quickly, but provide valuable surveillance data to help global public health and protect our NHS from these dangerous bacteria?
I thank the hon.
Member for raising this, and he knows our support for Ukraine is ironclad.
We are funding NHS doctors and nurses to work closely with their Ukrainian counterparts to share best practice, including how to prevent the spread of infections and AMR.
Through the World Health Organisation, we are also strengthening Ukraine’s health system to provide better care, and we will continue to do so.
The Employment Rights Bill is urgently needed, especially given the exploitation of gig workers such as retail assistants employed through apps, with vital rights denied and staff being charged a premium should they want to be paid on time.
Insecure work denies workers their rights, but the TUC has said it also costs the economy around £10 billion a year.
So will the Prime Minister agree with me that having a single status of worker will help end such abusive practices, give workers security and significantly benefit the economy?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this.
I believe everyone is entitled to fair, flexible and secure working.
That is why we introduced our Employment Rights Bill, which is the biggest upgrade  to workers’ rights in a generation.
It includes measures that will end the scandal of fire and rehire, prevent exploitative zero-hour contracts and introduce basic rights for more workers from day one—secure wages, secure jobs and ensuring workers have the rights that they deserve at work.
Age UK Leicestershire has done a sterling job over the last few months in supporting pensioners who have lost the winter fuel payment as a result of the Government’s Budget.
It now faces a staggering £400,000 increase in its costs as a result of the increase in national insurance.
What advice can the Prime Minister give to charities such as Age UK that now have to decide whether to cut jobs or slash services to some of the most vulnerable in society?