Talking of visits—this is a genuine point—I wonder whether the Minister, and indeed the Secretary of State, would consider visiting Harper Adams University in my constituency, which, as he will also know, is the top agricultural university in Europe.
I mention that because it has veterinary experts with specific expertise in this disease and others.
As we heard from the shadow Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Epping Forest (Dr Hudson) , more than 6 million pigs, cattle and sheep were lost in 2001 and 2007.
The Minister mentioned biodiversity.
Can he update the House on illegal meat imports and checks at the border, and the implementation of the border target operating model?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his invitation; I shall add him to my list.
The border checks involve a complicated set of issues, but one of the Brexit  benefits, if you like, is the existence of those checks, and I am satisfied that they are providing a level of security that should give people confidence.
As I said in an earlier answer, we have strengthened the controls on personal imports.
It is always a challenge to protect any area, but we are in a better position than colleagues in mainland Europe.
It is good to see cross-party support for increased investment in Weybridge, which has long been needed, but my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Orkney and Shetland (Mr Carmichael)  mentioned biosecurity, and we know that a great deal of illegally imported meat is coming through our ports.
That is a huge biosecurity risk, and an even greater risk if there is foot and mouth on the continent.
As well as investing in Weybridge and improving those facilities, can we look at how we can resource the port authorities properly to catch all this illegally imported meat?
That is an important point.
We will try to do all that we can to ensure that illegal imports are intercepted and stopped.
I am delighted to observe the outbreak of cross-party consensus on the need for more investment, and I hope there will also be an outbreak of consensus on how to fund it.
My constituency was one of the most significantly impacted by the 2001 outbreak.
Virtually every hoofed animal in Dumfriesshire was slaughtered, and the smoke from the pyre hung over the Annan valley in particular for days.
A large part of the market in livestock in my constituency comes from Longtown market, in the constituency of  the hon.
Member for Carlisle (Ms Minns) , which was a source of the previous outbreak.
Will the Minister ensure that we work closely with the Scottish Government, given that there is a significant amount of cross-border movement of animals that needs to be properly identified and regulated?
The right hon.
Gentleman speaks with passion and paints a vivid picture of that dismal period, which, sadly, I remember well.
I can give him an absolute assurance that—as he will know from his time in government—the veterinary officers work very closely together, particularly on an official level.
This is an entirely shared endeavour, and we will do everything we can to ensure that that there is the close co-operation that is needed.
I am a dairy farmer, and the devastating outbreak of foot and mouth more than 20 years ago was on my doorstep.
We were lucky, as a family farm, but sadly others within my farming community in Wales were not.
The outbreak was also a food security issue, as it was understood to have derived from food waste fed to pigs.
What lessons have the UK Government learnt from that outbreak to enable them to secure our food chains better and keep our livestock and food supplies safe?
I recognise the hurt that the hon.
Lady recollects from that dreadful time.
A great deal of work was done in the light of those events, and lessons have been learnt; for instance, technology has changed  and improved.