Member for Hampstead and Highgate (Tulip Siddiq) .
What does it tell us about his judgment that yesterday he said he was saddened that his close friend had resigned?
This was an anti-corruption Minister under criminal investigation for corruption.
Muhammad Yunus, the Nobel prize winner advising Bangladesh, said that London properties gifted to the former City Minister may be the proceeds of robbery.
Will the Prime Minister offer Bangladesh the full support of our National Crime Agency in ensuring that any properties bought with stolen funds are properly investigated?
The former City Minister referred herself to the independent adviser.
He found, as the Leader of the Opposition well knows, that there was no breach of the code.
She knows that he found there was no wrongdoing, and the former Minister fully co-operated.
She referred herself a week ago on Monday; I got the report yesterday; and she resigned yesterday afternoon.
Compare that with the shadow Foreign Secretary,  the right hon.
Member for Witham (Priti Patel) , who breached the ministerial code.
The Leader of the Opposition’s predecessor but two ignored it.
It was the adviser who  then had to resign because he was not taken seriously, and the right hon.
Member is now serving the Leader of the Opposition.
What a contrast.
Thank God the British public chucked them out.
The Prime Minister did not answer the question about the National Crime Agency—no answer on investigating dodgy Labour Ministers, just as last week he did not want an inquiry that might expose dodgy Labour councils.
He knowingly appointed a convicted fraudster as his Transport Secretary.
The anti-corruption Minister who he had full confidence in only days ago resigned yesterday in disgrace.
He is negotiating a secret deal to surrender British territory, and taxpayers in this country will pay for the humiliation.
Now it turns out that his Government may write a cheque to compensate Gerry Adams.
That is shameful.
We left the Prime Minister the fastest growing economy in the G7.
In just six months under his leadership, it has been taxes up, borrowing up, and mortgage rates up—and that is not all: business confidence is down, jobs are down, and growth is down.
Can the country afford four more years of his terrible judgment?
Among that barrage of complete nonsense, there is one point that I need to address: the Northern Ireland Troubles (Legacy and Reconciliation) Act 2023, which will have been of real interest across the House.
That Act was unfit, not least because it gave immunity to hundreds of terrorists and was not supported by victims in Northern Ireland—nor, I believe, by any of the political parties in Northern Ireland.
The Court found it unlawful.
We will put in place—[Interruption.]
This is a serious point.
We will put in place a better framework.
We are working on a draft remedial order and replacement legislation, and we will look at every conceivable way to prevent these types of cases from claiming damages—it is important that I say that on the record.
As for the Leader of the Opposition’s claim and her nonsense, the Conservatives crashed the economy.
I got a letter this week from a Tory voter in a Labour seat.
I hope that they do not mind me saying who it was—it was Liz Truss.
It was not written in green ink, but it might as well have been.
She was complaining that saying she had crashed the economy was damaging her reputation.
It was actually crashing the economy that damaged her reputation.
What have we heard?
All the Tories have is complaining.
They have no defence for their sorry record—they do not even acknowledge it.
They have no ideas, no policies.
They are like a blank piece of paper, blowing hopelessly in the wind.
No wonder the country put them in the bin.
Patients in Kent are experiencing a winter crisis as a result of years of under-investment in our NHS.