The Prime Minister refused to repeat his Chancellor’s promise that she would not “come back for more”.
Will he now rule out any new tax rises this year?
We took the right and difficult decisions in the Budget—decisions that the Conservatives did not have the courage to take, which left us in the mess in the first place.
When it comes to tax, the Leader of the Opposition knows very well the limits of what I can say from this Dispatch Box, but we have an iron-clad commitment to our fiscal rules.
We cannot just tax our way out of the problems that they left us, which is why we have put in place tough—[Interruption.]
They were howling at the spending decisions.
They would not take them, but we will stick to those spending decisions.
Our focus is absolutely on growth, but their record—[Interruption.]
They flatlined the economy.
Their record is a mini-Budget that crashed the economy, the worst cost of living crisis in living memory, and leaving a £22 billion black hole.
I am not taking lessons from them on the economy.
The Prime Minister knows very well that the Office for Budget Responsibility found no such black hole.
He talks about a mini-Budget three years ago.
Borrowing costs last week were at a 27-year high for 30-year gilts.
The Chancellor is apparently promising to be ruthless in reducing spending.
Let me suggest something that he should cut.
There is no way that we should be giving up British territory in Chagos.
He is rushing a deal that will be disastrous and that will land taxpayers with a multibillion-pound bill.
Why does the Prime Minister think that British people should pay to surrender something that is already ours?
We inherited a situation where the long-term operation of a vital military base was under threat because of legal challenges.
The negotiations were started under the last Government.
The then Foreign Secretary came to this House to say why he was starting negotiations and what he wanted to achieve.
He said that the aim was to
“ensure the continued effective operation”—[Official Report,  13 December 2022 ; Vol.
724, c. 865.]
of the base.
That is precisely what this deal has delivered.
There is no one the Prime Minister can blame for this dud deal except himself.
At the Budget, Labour was congratulating itself for having the first female Chancellor, instead of ensuring that the country had someone actually qualified to do the job. [
Interruption.]
Order.
I want to hear the Leader of the Opposition.
The Prime Minister claims he has full confidence in the Chancellor, but the markets clearly do not.
Yesterday, the Chancellor repeated her promise to have “just one Budget per year” to provide businesses with certainty.
The talk in the City is that she cannot meet her fiscal rules, and that there will need to be an emergency Budget.
Does the Prime Minister stand by the Chancellor’s commitment that there will be only one Budget this year?
The Leader of the Opposition will be pleased to know that the Chancellor will be in place for many, many years to come.
She will outstrip them.
If we all thought that politics was about cheap points, I could criticise their Chancellors, but I do not have enough time to go through all the Chancellors they had.
We have one Budget; that is what we are committed to.
We have strong fiscal rules, and we will stick to them, unlike the Conservatives.
At a time of turmoil in the markets, the Prime Minister was distracted by the crisis around the former City Minister,  the hon.
Member for Hampstead and Highgate (Tulip Siddiq) .
What does it tell us about his judgment that yesterday he said he was saddened that his close friend had resigned?
This was an anti-corruption Minister under criminal investigation for corruption.