As someone who was an academic until about 5 am on  5 July  last year, I thank the Secretary of State for her statement and for the leadership she has shown on this issue.
I will ask a question in the context of my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
I am proud of all the universities in Edinburgh and how they attract students from all over the world, but last year when I visited the Edinburgh Hebrew Congregation, which is the main synagogue in Edinburgh, I was ashamed to hear of the intimidation that Jewish students were facing in university.
I was pleased to hear that universities are taking that seriously and I know that the Edinburgh faith forum is too.
Freedom of speech is an important right, but that should never extend to bigotry and hate.
Does the Secretary of State agree that students should be free to practise their faith, always, and able to display their faith publicly, no matter what it is, without fear of intimidation?
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps he is taking to support the aerospace sector in Northern Ireland.
What progress his Department has made on securing the future of Spirit AeroSystems in Northern Ireland.
The Government are working with the Northern Ireland Executive to help to ensure the best outcome for Spirit’s aerospace production and its skilled and hard-working staff in the current commercial negotiations.
It is welcome that the Secretary of State has visited the Spirit AeroSystems site a number of times.
He will know of its importance to advanced manufacturing, and of its aeronautical history in Northern Ireland—it originated in 1908 as Short Brothers—and he will also know that at this stage there is a purchaser for about a third of the facility and a third of the staff.
The current plan fails to recognise not only the integration of the units within Spirit AeroSystems, but its importance to the Northern Ireland supply chain.
Will the Secretary of State join Unite and GMB in their call for the Government to support a one-sale solution, so that the integration of staff, work flows and supply chains continues to benefit for decades to come?
I agree with everything the right hon.
Gentleman has said about the importance of the site and its history, but in the end there will be a commercial outcome.
Airbus wants to buy the bit that makes the A220 wings, because it wants the site to produce more of them, and Boeing is seeking a buyer for the rest of the production.
The right hon.
Gentleman will be well aware of what else is produced on site.
I continue to engage with all those involved, but, as I have said, in the end this will be a commercial decision.
We do, of course, want to see the production and the jobs remain.
The Secretary of State will know that the facility would not be there had it not been for Government investment and support.
Guarantees were given not just to the people of Belfast, but to the staff   directly employed at Spirit AeroSystems.
The Government have also engaged in discussions about Harland and Wolff and Navantia, and the fleet solid support ships.
The Secretary of State will share the concern that I felt yesterday about the news that the four Harland and Woolf shipyards across the United Kingdom would be going into administration, and he will know of the countless businesses throughout the UK that are owed tens of millions of pounds in respect of the work on those fleet solid support ships.
We want their viability to continue, and we know of individual businesses that have been family-owned for generations and have succeeded.
Can the Secretary of State indicate his endeavour to ensure that that viability will be at the forefront of his mind, so that we can deliver the fleet solid support ships in Belfast and Devon?