Is this the point where, across the House, we can all agree on the importance of biosecurity and the importance of funding it?
I thank the Chair of the Select Committee for his point.
I think we all know how important biosecurity is, and that is why the Government committed a further £200 million for that very important facility in Weybridge.
Will the Minister confirm what mitigation funding has been made available for farms that may be affected?
Will he commit to look urgently at the provision of an abattoir on the Isle of Wight, because we do not currently have one?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question—good try.
At the moment, we are talking about an outbreak in Germany.
Should there be—obviously, we are doing everything we can to prevent it—an outbreak in the UK, we will come back with further proposals, but at the moment we are working hard to make sure that that does not happen.
Could the Minister confirm, given the seriousness of the issues, that when in doubt the precautionary principle will come to the fore, there will be urgency and the proper decisions will be taken?
He mentioned working with the devolved Administrations.
Given the shared land border on the island of Ireland and the trade there, can he confirm what conversations he has had or may be planning to have with the Government in Dublin?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right.
We will, of course, take every precaution and apply the precautionary principle.
We treat Northern Ireland in the same way as the other devolved Administrations.
The Under-Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Coventry East (Mary Creagh)  will be having conversations later today.
I welcome the urgent question, as the news is a worry to farmers in my constituency.
Is the Minister able to share with the House more details about the funding available from his Department to help prevent new animal diseases?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her point and her concern.
We have an extensive set of facilities and agencies who are tasked with protecting our country on these issues.
I have every confidence in the chief veterinary officer and her officials in the APHA, subject to the issues that have been raised around long-term funding.
We have good protections in place and people should have confidence in them.
Yet again, we rely on the fantastic people at the Animal and Plant Health Agency, which is based in New Haw in my constituency, despite its slightly confusing name.
Will the Minister join me in thanking the people who work there, and does he agree that it urgently needs investment to improve the facilities?
I do not think he has visited the APHA.
Will he join me on a tour as soon as we can arrange it to see for himself the state it is in and what improvements are urgently needed?
I am always grateful for invitations from hon.
Members and feel that I am permanently on tour, but the hon.
Gentleman is right that I have not yet had the opportunity to visit, although the Secretary of State has.
Last week, when I was at a conference in York, very senior officials from the APHA gave me a very detailed briefing on the work they do.
I share in the thanks to those people who play a huge role in keeping our country safe.
As a child, I distinctly remember the creeping fear on my family’s farms as foot and mouth moved ever closer.
I realised that even as a child, and I feel sick just thinking that we could ever go back there.
Many farmers in my constituency have repeatedly raised their concerns over infectious diseases entering the UK.
Please can the Minister assure me, and them, that we are doing everything to take this very seriously, and that we have contingency plans in place?