We will do everything to try to make sure that we get those hostages home.
My constituent Richard Lee has waited over 43 years for answers about the disappearance of his daughter Katrice from a military base in Germany in 1981.
She was just two years old.
The Royal Military Police, the Ministry of Defence and successive Governments have failed to get the answers that he deserves, throwing up barrier after barrier to justice.
Will the Prime Minister meet Richard and me to finally give this Hartlepool veteran a way forward to uncover the truth about the disappearance of his daughter?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this deeply distressing case.
Our thoughts and sympathies are with Richard Lee and his family.
The Defence Serious Crime Unit continues to appeal for new evidence in this case, and I will make sure that he has a meeting with the appropriate Minister to discuss progress.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs if he will make a statement on the Government’s emergency contingency response to the recent confirmation of foot and mouth disease in Germany?
The whole House will be aware of the concern across rural communities about the potential threat of foot and mouth disease.
It is a severe, highly contagious viral disease of livestock that can have a significant economic impact, and a truly devastating effect on farming and rural communities when outbreaks occur, as we know from history.
I assure the House that the UK is currently free of foot and mouth disease, and has been since 2007.
But following confirmation on  10 January , foot and mouth disease in the German state of Brandenburg, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs has taken rapid action to protect the UK, including suspending the commercial import of susceptible animals from Germany and restricting personal imports of animal products from across the European Union.
I assure the House that the Government will do whatever it takes to protect our nation’s farmers from the risk posed by foot and mouth.
We have increased risk levels in the UK to medium.
Last night, the chief veterinary officer and I spoke directly with the German Federal Minister and his officials.
The Government have taken decisive and immediate action.
The import of cattle, pigs and sheep from Germany has been stopped to protect farmers and their livelihoods.
We will not hesitate to add additional countries to the list if the disease spreads.
I can inform the House that this morning the chief veterinary officer has confirmed that while Germany’s surveillance continues to be ongoing, it has not as yet detected any further cases.
Foot and mouth disease guidance is available on gov.uk and livestock farmers are urged to be extra-vigilant and report any suspect disease to the Animal and Plant Health Agency immediately.
The UK chief veterinary officer is also urging livestock keepers to remain vigilant to the clinical signs of FMD.
I reiterate that there are no cases in the UK currently.
I also reassure the House that FMD poses no risk to human or food safety but it is a highly contagious viral disease in cattle, sheep, pigs and other cloven-hoofed animals.
Livestock keepers should therefore be absolutely rigorous about their biosecurity.
The Government are absolutely focused on responding to the animal disease threats we face, protecting animal health and welfare.
Upholding high biosecurity standards is paramount for protecting and promoting food production and food safety, both animal and human, and supporting our economy and trade.
That is why we have invested a further £200 million in the UK’s main research laboratory testing facilities at Weybridge to bolster protection against animal disease.
While we stand ready to protect our livestock from the threat of foot and mouth and other exotic diseases, we also offer our support to our European neighbours  as they face this threat to their livestock, farming and rural communities.