What steps his Department is taking to help grow the economy in Northern Ireland.
What steps his Department is taking to help grow the economy in Northern Ireland.
The Government’s mission is to encourage growth in Northern Ireland through increased investment, job creation and higher living standards.
The Government are working closely with the Northern Ireland Executive to develop Invest 2035, the UK’s modern industrial strategy.
Northern Ireland’s economy has strong and dynamic sectors, from agrifood to aerospace, and from shipbuilding to cyber-security.
Does the Secretary of State agree that Northern Ireland has a vital part to play in the industrial strategy?
It certainly does.
My hon.
Friend alludes to a number of the great strengths of the Northern Ireland economy.
The deal with Harland and Wolff, which I mentioned earlier, is another sign of the Government’s commitment.
Of course, the Northern Ireland economy has access to both the EU and the UK markets.
Does the Secretary of State share my optimism that UK Government funding for all four of Northern Ireland’s city and growth deals, confirmed in the autumn, provides a great basis for all of Northern Ireland to generate growth and opportunity?
I certainly do, and I have been greatly impressed by the commitment of those involved in developing the growth deals to investing in boosting economic growth in their areas.
Could the Secretary of State update the House on what recent discussions he has had with the Executive about steps to increase revenue, in order to help to deliver longer-term financial sustainability and grow the economy in Northern Ireland?
I have had a number of discussions with the Executive on that subject, and I am pleased to see that the draft budget for next year contains a plan to raise further revenue to meet the £113 million requirement that was part of the budget restoration agreement.
It is really important that the Executive raise additional funds to meet the challenges of improving public services.
There are many dynamic tech and digital companies at the vanguard of the mission for economic growth in Northern Ireland.
Does the Secretary of State agree that these industries are critical to Northern Ireland’s economic future?
What steps are the Government taking to support these industries in growing to their full potential?
There have already been discussions with businesses in Northern Ireland about the part they can play in the industrial strategy.
Cyber-security is a really good example of the huge strength of the Northern  Ireland economy; many companies, including from the United States of America, are investing in Northern Ireland because of the skill and expertise to be found.
I thank the Secretary of State and the Minister for their responses so far.
One response highlighted Northern Ireland as having dual market access.
On that basis, do they agree that initiatives such as the Dublin-Belfast economic corridor in my constituency need support so that we can make the most of our economic opportunities?
I do indeed think that the Belfast economic corridor is a really good thing.
We support it, and I look forward to seeing it develop and succeed.
Agriculture is really important to the economy of Northern Ireland.
In Scotland, we breed excellent bulls, but it is very hard to sell them and get them into Northern Ireland because of the regulations and red tape, and vice versa for Irish bulls coming to Scotland.
Will the Secretary of State see if we can make it easier for farmers on both sides?
I will look into the matter that the hon.
Gentleman raises and I will come back to him.
This week, the Prime Minister has spoken of the unbridled economic opportunities from developing artificial intelligence.
It is not an unbridled opportunity for Northern Ireland, because instead of living under British regulations on AI, we live under much more restrictive EU regulations.