We must do everything to avoid a repeat.
Can the Minister explain why this outbreak was notified on Friday, yet DEFRA issued instructions to prevent imports from the affected areas only yesterday, when countries such as Mexico and South Korea were able to act over the weekend?
Does he now acknowledge the urgent need to invest in the APHA and the new laboratory, and undo the delay of the previous Government?
Does he accept that the failure of the previous Government—and, so far, of his Government—to sign a veterinary and phytosanitary agreement with the EU increases the risks to biosecurity and to British farmers, and will he act swiftly to put that right?
Finally, will he meet urgently the noble Lord Curry, who headed the inquiry after the 2001 outbreak, so that we are ready and have learned all the lessons of previous failures, and so that our farms, rural communities and animal welfare are protected at all costs?
Order.
This matter is very important.
My area had the first case of foot and mouth detected in that year, so I know all about it.
However, we must stick to the times that have been allocated.
I am always happy to speak to Lord Curry, who brings huge expertise and knowledge.
I will just say to the hon.
Gentleman that there was no delay—essentially, as soon as we were informed, we put the appropriate processes in place, and staff at border control points were issued instructions to hold goods at the border.
Everything was done as quickly as possible.
I hear the hon.
Gentleman’s point about our relationship with the German Government.
I know the German Minister personally, and I spoke to him yesterday.
I can assure the hon.
Gentleman that we are getting every co-operation needed from the German Government.
In 2001, I lived in north Cumbria and I will never, ever forget the sight of burning livestock in my friends’ fields.
Can the Minister assure me that my farmers in Morecambe and Lunesdale, who by and large are livestock farmers, will never have to face that terrible scene again and that we will do everything we possibly can to ensure that foot and mouth does not spread to our country?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for her comments and for her account of the effect the disease had on her constituents.
The purpose of my response to the question today is to give reassurance to people that we have very, very high quality officials working very, very hard to make sure we do everything we can to prevent such an outbreak happening again.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
As well as noting my own entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests, I should tell the House that my wife is a practising veterinary surgeon who is occasionally contracted to provide local veterinary official services to the APHA.
I, too, remember the events of 2001 and I remember, having just been elected, the debates we had in this House.
We said that we must always learn the lessons and never forget, but in truth, frankly, we have.
The  extent to which we are exposed today is something for which responsibility is shared across the parties.
The state of the APHA headquarters in Weybridge is a disgrace and it is now an urgent disgrace.
Hopefully, this is a bullet that we will dodge, but if we do, we know there is also the risk of African swine fever, bluetongue and avian influenza all coming.
Is this the point where, across the House, we can all agree on the importance of biosecurity and the importance of funding it?
I thank the Chair of the Select Committee for his point.
I think we all know how important biosecurity is, and that is why the Government committed a further £200 million for that very important facility in Weybridge.