Member for his question.
I am pleased that his constituents are benefiting from upgrades at the station, including, I think, new lifts to make the station fully accessible.
The issues that he raises are faced by passengers right across the country.
That is why we are bringing rail services back into public ownership, setting up Great British Railways, and making ticketing simpler and fairer to ensure a better service for all passengers, including those in his constituency.
I recently visited MidKent college, which serves my constituency of Gillingham and Rainham.
It teaches valuable construction skills to young people, but I have been informed that it faces significant challenges in recruiting teachers to deliver those courses.
Does the Prime Minister agree that proper skills training and having the teachers necessary to deliver it is absolutely vital to growing our economy and building the homes that we need for the future?
Will he agree to set up a meeting with the relevant Minister to discuss the recruitment challenges that some colleges face?
Skilling up the next generation is vital to kick-start economic growth.
Our plan for change will rebuild Britain by delivering 1.5 million new homes.
That is why we have established Skills England, and are reforming our planning system and training the workforce.
I will ensure that my hon.
Friend gets the meeting that she wants with the relevant Minister.
I call the Leader of the Opposition.
On Friday, while borrowing costs hit levels not seen since Labour was last in government, I met business owners and their employees in Chesterfield.
One of them told me that his business will not exist in four years’ time because of this Government’s policies.
It might not even exist next year.
The Prime Minister may try to blame his inheritance, or blame global factors, but why should anyone trust a word he says over what businesses are saying again and again—that his Budget means fewer jobs, lower growth and higher borrowing costs?
As the Leader of the Opposition knows, the global economy is experiencing volatility and higher borrowing costs.
That is why it was vital that we took the tough and right decisions in the Budget to get our finances back in order.
We had to deal with the £22 billion black hole that the Conservatives left.
We made difficult cuts and raised taxes to invest in health, public services and housing—vital to stability, and vital to growth.
We have an iron-clad commitment to our fiscal rules, and she will no doubt welcome the inflation figures this morning.
Contrast that with the Conservatives.
They were not brave enough in government to take those difficult decisions.
They have opposed all our measures to stabilise the economy and promote growth.
They are back to the magic money tree.
The Leader of the Opposition wants all the benefits of the Budget but cannot say how she would pay for them.
They have not changed; they are still economic vandals and fantasists.
Imagine where we would be if they were still in charge.
Just today, the British Retail Consortium has said that two thirds of businesses will have to raise prices to cope with the Prime Minister’s tax hike.
His Chancellor ignored all the warnings and ploughed ahead with an unprecedented borrowing spree, leaving all of us more vulnerable.
Now we have businesses saying that they will raise prices to cover his jobs tax.
We have an energy policy that will drive up bills, and all the while we are spending more day to day on debt interest than we do on schools and universities.
The Prime Minister refused to repeat his Chancellor’s promise that she would not “come back for more”.
Will he now rule out any new tax rises this year?
We took the right and difficult decisions in the Budget—decisions that the Conservatives did not have the courage to take, which left us in the mess in the first place.