You can never have too many Morrises, Mr Speaker.
To their credit, in their first Budget the Labour Government transferred the mineworkers’ pension scheme investment reserve fund, benefiting nearly 4,000 former miners and miners’ widows in my constituency.
However, almost 700 British Coal staff superannuation scheme pensioners in my constituency were excluded.
Will the Prime Minister correct that injustice and ensure that BCSSS beneficiaries—many of them are now elderly and in very poor health—are treated equally to their co-workers in the MPS?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his dedicated campaigning on this issue.
I am proud that the Government have overturned a historic injustice, boosting the pensions of over 100,000 former mineworkers.
We are working closely with the coal staff scheme trustees to consider the proposal, and I will ensure that the Industry Minister keeps him fully updated.
My constituents on the Isle of Wight are entirely reliant on foreign-owned, debt-laden, unregulated ferry companies for essential travel, but public transport in the United Kingdom, such as buses trains and Scottish ferries, is regulated and subsidised.
Does the Prime Minister agree that the Isle of Wight anomaly must come to an end?
Will the Government intervene to protect passengers from excessive ferry prices and bad services?
The hon.
Member is right that the ferry services for his constituents have simply not been good enough.
I know that both he and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Isle of Wight West (Mr Quigley)   share a commitment to ensuring that their constituents receive a better service.
The Maritime Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wythenshawe and Sale East (Mike Kane) , has met the ferry and hovercraft operators, the leader of the council and other stakeholders.
There will be further meetings, and I will ensure that the hon.
Member is fully informed by the Minister on progress on this issue for his constituents.
This year marks the 850th anniversary of my home city of Glasgow.
One of the key aims of the celebration is to speed up ambitions around the city council’s grand challenge of tackling poverty and inequality and increasing prosperity and opportunity—themes that chime clearly with this Government’s agenda.
Will the Prime Minister join me in congratulating Glasgow on this milestone, and does he agree that people make Glasgow?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this issue.
Glasgow is a great city, and I am very happy to join her in congratulating the people of Glasgow on the 850th anniversary.
They have made, and will continue to make, a huge contribution to this country.
Today  marks 467 days in captivity for Avinatan Or, just one of the more than 100 hostages that Hamas still cruelly hold.
Avinatan is my age and has his whole life ahead of him.
I felt the raw pain of his family when his mum Ditza, a British citizen, shared her story with me as part of the “twin with a hostage” campaign.
Will the Prime Minister assure me that he is doing everything in his power to ensure that all the hostages are returned, so that Avinatan can be at home where he belongs with Ditza and his girlfriend Noa?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for raising this case.
It is appalling that Hamas continue to detain Avinatan and other hostages, including Emily Damari.
I know that the hon.
Gentleman has spent time with the families—it is nothing short of torture what they are going through.
We will do absolutely everything in our power to ensure that we make progress to bring these hostages home—I am sure that I speak for everybody in the House.
We will do everything to try to make sure that we get those hostages home.
My constituent Richard Lee has waited over 43 years for answers about the disappearance of his daughter Katrice from a military base in Germany in 1981.
She was just two years old.