I will try to address the hon.
Member’s questions, particularly those around vaccination, because that is always raised and is always of concern.
We are absolutely ready in case that is a control that we need to implement.
According to the general advice with regard to control measures, if an outbreak were to occur in the UK, vaccination is a control option that would be considered by DEFRA and devolved Administrations at the outset, in addition to culling and immediate movement controls.
I can assure the shadow Minister that the UK vaccine bank holds vaccines for a range of foot and mouth disease serotypes.
I can also assure him that there is good, close working with the devolved Administrations on this matter and that we are working in harmony.
On the movement of personally carried goods, I remind the shadow Minister that this Government strengthened those controls at the borders.
I am confident that we are doing everything possible at the moment to ensure that we are following the right procedures, given the risk assessments that have been carried out.
Our sincere hope is obviously that this does not extend beyond the Brandenburg area, but we are absolutely ready to deal with those issues.
On the investment at Weybridge, as I have said, we have committed an initial £200 million.
This is a debate we have been having for some time, and I am afraid that we are working with the resources we have now.
However, I am confident that we have a very good set of procedures in place to tackle any potential incursion.
I thank  the hon.
Member for Epping Forest (Dr Hudson)  for his concern and passion on this subject.
Like him, I know only too well the devastation that was caused in 2001.
Of course, he previously had the privilege of representing a large part of what is now the Carlisle constituency.
Cumbria was the worst affected part of the country in 2001, with 30% of the culled cattle being from Cumbrian farms.
Will the Minister elaborate on the steps that are being taken to ensure that our farmers and their livestock are protected ahead—God forbid—of any potential outbreak?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question and for the concern she has rightly shown.
As I said at the outset, we are well aware of the concern that people feel.
However, they should be reassured that we have very good tracing facilities these days; the technologies have improved.
What is particularly important is that we are in close contact with our German colleagues, who are sharing advice regularly.
Everything that can be done is being done, but I absolutely recognise people’s concerns.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I confess that all of us in Westmorland and across rural Britain feel a sense of terror at this news, as we recall the devastation and horror of the 2001 outbreak.
I will never forget the looming sense of dread and threat as the disease got closer to our farms, or the dread when the disease was diagnosed and whole herds and flocks were slaughtered by those who had cared for them; nor will I forget the burning fires on the hillsides of the bodies of slaughtered animals, or the deep trauma that affected all our communities, but especially our children.
We must do everything to avoid a repeat.
Can the Minister explain why this outbreak was notified on Friday, yet DEFRA issued instructions to prevent imports from the affected areas only yesterday, when countries such as Mexico and South Korea were able to act over the weekend?
Does he now acknowledge the urgent need to invest in the APHA and the new laboratory, and undo the delay of the previous Government?