However, any political decisions that need to be made will be made by Ministers, and I have a very close relationship with Minister Irranca-Davies.
If further action is needed, we will work together to stop any further incursions.
In Shropshire, dairy and other livestock farmers have been having a torrid time recently, and they will have read this news with a sense of dread.
I am also an officer of the all-party parliamentary group on food security, and we recently heard some eye-watering evidence from the border authorities at Dover about illegal meat imports and the threat that they pose to UK biosecurity.
Can the Minister explain to the House what assessment he has made of the problems with that process, and what he intends to do to ensure that diseases such as foot and mouth do not arrive in the UK?
I thank the hon.
Lady for expressing her concern.
I reiterate the point I made earlier about the border controls that we have in place.
I am afraid this has been a long-running issue, but we have much stronger border controls in place than we would have done in previous times.
We are working hard with the port health authorities to make sure that we crack down on illegal imports of meat.
I declare an interest as a member of the Ulster Farmers Union.
Indeed, I live on a farm on the Ards peninsula, where dairy farming and sheepmen surround me, and the impact on them would be great.
For that reason, I want to ask the Minister a question.
I can well remember the piles of dead animals and the traumatised farmers, who were all concerned, as they always are, about their animals—that was over 20 years ago, in 2001.
The lessons were hard and well learned.
Three other Northern Ireland MPs have asked similar questions, and I am the fourth.
We need to clarify for farmers, my neighbours in Northern Ireland and all those who farm that there will be zero tolerance of products from Germany.
Will the Minister confirm that a full, UK-wide report, including on Northern Ireland, will come to this House before any ban is lifted?
The hon.
Gentleman speaks with passion on these issues.
I can absolutely assure him that the measures in place to protect farmers in Northern Ireland are strong and will be good enough to make sure that we can protect people properly.
Clearly, there is a slightly different set of arrangements in Northern Ireland, as he will be well aware.
We have to respect  that, but we are getting absolute and total co-operation from our German colleagues.
There will be no meat coming from affected parts of Germany to Northern Ireland.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Minister to make a statement on plans for local government reorganisation.
The English devolution White Paper sets out how this Government plan to deliver on our manifesto pledge to transfer power out of Westminster through devolution and to fix the foundations of local government.
This Government’s long-term vision is for simpler structures, making it clearer for residents who they should look to on local issues, with more strategic decisions to unlock growth and to deliver better services for local communities.
On  16 December 2024 , I wrote to all councils in the remaining two-tier areas and neighbouring small unitaries to set out plans for a joint programme of devolution coupled with local government reorganisation.
We acknowledge that for some areas the timing of elections affects their planning for devolution, particularly alongside reorganisation.
To help to manage these demands, we will consider requests to postpone local elections, as has been the case in previous rounds.
Where local elections are postponed, we will work with local areas to move elections to a new shadow unitary council as soon as possible.
This is a very high bar, and rightly so.
The deadline for such requests was  Friday 10 January .