I recognise the hurt that the hon.
Lady recollects from that dreadful time.
A great deal of work was done in the light of those events, and lessons have been learnt; for instance, technology has changed  and improved.
I will not go into all those lessons, which are probably worthy of a longer debate, but it is important for us to act on them, because we do not want a repeat of what happened in 2001.
Like many other Members, I clearly remember the events of 2001, not least because all the cattle and sheep on our family farm—my father’s farm in Berwickshire—were slaughtered.
The emotional trauma will stay with farming communities for many years to come.
I am reassured that this Government are engaging with the Scottish Government, but is the Minister also speaking to NFU Scotland and to local authorities, to ensure that they are able to support farming communities in the best way possible?
The hon.
Gentleman has spoken with passion and conviction about that dreadful time, and I fully respect that.
We were notified of the outbreak on Friday; today is Wednesday.
Of course we are ready to move to the next stage should it be necessary, but at this point the key priority must be ensuring that we keep the disease out of our country, and that is where the attention is currently focused.
In the dismal eventuality that we have to move to measures within our country, we will of course work very closely with everyone who needs to be involved.
I am sure that my farmers, like me, will be hugely grateful to know that the ban will operate with cross-party support; our farmers are more important than party politics.
Back in 2001, I was the Liberal Democrat candidate for the Totnes constituency.
The amount of communication with farmers before the outbreak was the only thing that made it easier for them to understand what was going on, because one could not go on a farm once it had started.
May I encourage the Minister to communicate with farmers as much as he can during this very difficult time?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for her recollections of that time.
I reiterate that we are trying to ensure that foot and mouth disease does not arrive on our shores.
Should that happen, we will move to another phase.
We are not at that point yet, and it is important to reassure people that we have excellent measures and excellent people in place.
They are working very hard to ensure that we do not get to that point.
I welcome the Government’s efforts in bringing us up to speed today, but also in imposing the import ban.
I recognise that the ban applies to products from Germany, but does it capture products that may originate there but for which the point of import is outside Germany?
What steps are the Government taking to proactively increase spot testing or screening across the country, so that we can get ahead of any possible outbreak?
We are applying all the rules that we can to ensure that we exclude German products at the moment, but there is quite a complex set of supply chains within the European Union.
The key priority is live animals.
There is nothing fortuitous about bluetongue, but there have been restrictions on movements for some  time, so we are probably better protected than we might have been.
We cannot say for sure that nothing will move across the continent and come into the country, which is why it is very important that people are vigilant.
Should foot and mouth disease cross the channel, speed will be of the essence to ensure that we shut it down.
However, from talking to the chief vet and her officials and my conversations with German colleagues, I am confident that everything that can be done is being done.
I hope that reassures the hon.
Lady.