Of course we will continue, as the previous Government did, to see whether we can find a lawful way of dealing with the issue that the right hon.
Gentleman has identified.
That work will continue.
Does the Secretary of State agree that the job of the commission in helping people to deal with the past is made much more difficult when we have reprehensible incidents such as Sinn Féin First Minister Michelle O’Neill attending and speaking at a commemoration of three IRA terrorists who died when the bomb they were transporting through County Londonderry in 1971 exploded prematurely, killing them rather than the innocent people they intended to murder, and when we now have the possibility that the former Sinn Féin leader and terrorist Gerry Adams may be about to receive compensation?
As I said a moment ago, the process of reconciliation and coming to terms with the past is a difficult and itself a troubled process.
Lots of people have been on a journey and we need to continue to see that journey followed.
People will express their views about the stance that different people have taken, but since the hon.
Gentleman has mentioned the First Minister, I welcome the fact that, for the first time, she attended the Remembrance Sunday commemorations.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
I would like to return to the question that has just been raised by the former Secretary of State for Northern Ireland, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Skipton and Ripon (Sir Julian Smith) .
When the previous Government passed their legislation, the Labour party was in favour of the amendments made in another place that ruled out compensation to people such as Gerry Adams and others similarly detained in the 1970s.
Why have the Government now changed their position?
The courts have found those clauses to be unlawful.
The last Government passed legislation to enable terrorists to get immunity.
The last Government passed legislation to deny people in Northern Ireland the right to bring civil claims, including against terrorists.
The Conservative party has never apologised for doing both of those things.
It is about time that it did.
Let us return to the matter of Gerry Adams.
I am sorry to say that I must correct the Secretary of State.
The High Court found that those provisions of the legacy Act were unlawful, but it is well within the Secretary of State’s power to appeal that judgment.
He has dropped that appeal.
I do not wish to teach the Secretary of State to suck constitutional eggs, but he will know full well that it is also within the sovereign power of this Parliament to give legal basis to the Carltona doctrine, which has been in place since the 1940s.
Or would he rather pay compensation to Gerry Adams and people like him?
Nobody wants to see that.
The Supreme Court judgment that ruled that the interim custody orders following internment were not lawfully put in place, in which the Carltona principle was much discussed, was in 2020.
The last Government did nothing about that for three years, until they belatedly accepted an amendment in the House of Lords that has now been found to be unlawful.
It is a complex and difficult question—the last Government found it difficult—but we will continue to follow the same path to see whether it is possible to discover a legal means of dealing with the problem that the hon.
Gentleman has identified.
What steps his Department is taking to help grow the economy in Northern Ireland.
What steps his Department is taking to help grow the economy in Northern Ireland.
What steps his Department is taking to help grow the economy in Northern Ireland.
What steps his Department is taking to help grow the economy in Northern Ireland.
The Government’s mission is to encourage growth in Northern Ireland through increased investment, job creation and higher living standards.