Will he say more about how he will work with the Welsh Government in particular to address this issue?
I can assure my hon.
Friend that we have an extremely close relationship with the Welsh Government.
The Rural Affairs Minister, Huw Irranca-Davies, and I speak frequently—indeed, we spoke to each other only a few days ago, at the Oxford farming conference—and we are in regular contact to discuss issues such as these.
In anything that we do, we will be working together on an “entire United Kingdom” basis.
With some of the most productive grassland in the UK, Dumfries and Galloway is not worried but terrified by this outbreak.
I am reassured to know that we are doing what we can, but it is a very difficult problem to solve.
Can the Minister reassure me that the Republic of Ireland will not be the unlocked back door through which this dread disease returns to this country?
I welcome the hon.
Gentleman’s appreciation of the complexities that we face, but it is in everyone’s interests to ensure that we stop this, and we are all co-operating closely.
The veterinary officials have a very good network, and they are working closely together.
No one wants this to extend further.
As the son of a farmer, I remember only too well waking up in the early morning and going downstairs to listen to Radio 4 in silence with my family as we heard about more and more animals being culled during the crisis in the early  2000s.
What steps are being taken to engage the National Farmers Union and other trade bodies to prepare for any outbreak here in the UK?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his concern and his recollections.
Yesterday we held a roundtable to discuss the threat posed by bluetongue, and we are in constant dialogue with all those who have direct interests and expertise.
We will be working in lockstep.
In his initial answer, the Minister talked about protecting the UK and spoke about our nation’s farmers.
He also advised farmers to consult gov.uk, which gives advice to Scottish, English and Welsh farmers but not to Northern Ireland farmers.
May I ask him why he has abandoned them, given that the last outbreak, in 2001, cost the Northern Ireland economy £24.2 million?
One small region in Germany cannot export to Northern Ireland.
Does the Minister not agree that there should be a complete ban on the import of German products to Northern Ireland as well as the rest of the United Kingdom?
We stand with farmers throughout the United Kingdom.
The circumstances are slightly different, for reasons that the hon.
Gentleman will understand, which is why we have to provide appropriate advice, but we are working in tandem and lockstep with colleagues across Europe to beat this horrible disease.
It is the critical work of the Animal and Plant Health Agency in Weybridge, which I visited recently, that will prevent foot and mouth from reaching our shores.
The £200 million for the agency that the Government have announced is welcome, but will my hon.
Friend commit himself to reviewing its funding, particularly in the event of multiple concurrent diseases?
We constantly keep under review the resources that are available to enable us to tackle all these issues.
On the basis of a number of questions today, I shall be happy to visit Weybridge at the earliest opportunity.
Unfortunately, as the Minister will know, foot and mouth disease looms large in the memories of many Shropshire farmers.
Talking of visits—this is a genuine point—I wonder whether the Minister, and indeed the Secretary of State, would consider visiting Harper Adams University in my constituency, which, as he will also know, is the top agricultural university in Europe.
I mention that because it has veterinary experts with specific expertise in this disease and others.
As we heard from the shadow Minister, my hon.