The Secretary of State will share the concern that I felt yesterday about the news that the four Harland and Woolf shipyards across the United Kingdom would be going into administration, and he will know of the countless businesses throughout the UK that are owed tens of millions of pounds in respect of the work on those fleet solid support ships.
We want their viability to continue, and we know of individual businesses that have been family-owned for generations and have succeeded.
Can the Secretary of State indicate his endeavour to ensure that that viability will be at the forefront of his mind, so that we can deliver the fleet solid support ships in Belfast and Devon?
The administration announcement, which involves the other side of the runway, is part of a process to ensure that the takeover by Navantia goes ahead, because it is very good news.
The right hon.
Gentleman and I were present to celebrate that announcement, which provides security for the future.
Ultimately the question of how to relate to those suppliers is a commercial matter for Navantia, but I am sure that it wants to build a good relationship with firms that will help Harland and Wolff to build the three fleet solid support ships.
While the contract with Airbus is welcome, there is concern about the split of the Spirit plant in Belfast.
Can the Secretary of State reassure me that wider defence and aerospace contracts with companies such as Skyrora in my constituency that are held in Belfast by the non-Airbus part of Spirit will not be put at risk because of that?
I understand my hon.
Friend’s concern.
We will know the answers to these questions when the commercial negotiations are concluded, but I will draw the attention of my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Scotland to the specific issue that she has raised in relation to her constituency.
I call the Chair of the Northern Ireland Affairs Committee.
The Government have a visibly strong relationship with Airbus in respect of its presence in north Wales.
What representations is the Secretary of State making to ensure that there is equivalent investment for the Spirit AeroSystems workers in Belfast?
The fact that Airbus wants to acquire the A220 wing production and wants more A220 wings to be built in Belfast is, I think, a sign of its willingness to invest and to see that production grow and prosper.
What recent discussions he has had with the Northern Ireland Executive on improving public services.
Public services in Northern Ireland continue to fall behind, and the people of Northern Ireland deserve better.
I raise this regularly  with Northern Ireland Ministers including the Education and Health Ministers, and the Government are fully committed to helping the Executive to make the urgent reforms that are needed.
Integrated education is an essential part of reconciliation, so does the Minister share my disappointment at the Northern Ireland Education Minister’s decision last week to reject the bids by Bangor academy and Rathmore primary to become integrated schools, which had the support of a majority of parents at both schools?
Yes, I do.
Integrated education is a devolved matter for the Executive, but this Government are unapologetically supportive of integrated education.
I have spoken to the headteachers of Bangor academy and Rathmore primary school this week, and they, as well as parents and pupils at the schools, are shocked by the decision.
I hope that the Education Minister will work with them to resolve his concerns and listen to parents, who overwhelmingly want their children to benefit from integrated education.
The Minister talks of transformation.
When the Executive were restored at this time last year, the Government put a pot of £235 million into transformation.
A senior Northern Ireland Office official sits on the board.
To date, not one penny has been spent on supporting the transformation of either the health service or the education service.