the United States Patent and Trademark Office. The impact of the inventor and his or her invention should be significant to society, and the invention should have been commercialized, utilized, or led to important innovations. The 2023 Inductees constitute the ninth class to be inducted into the Florida Inventors Hall of Fame. Their groundbreaking discoveries have transformed medicine and health care, computer technology and semiconductors, optics and photonics, communications, nuclear energy, and modern color technology. They collectively hold more than 1,100 U.S. patents and come from across industry, academia, and government. Since its founding, the Florida Inventors Hall of Fame has inducted 68 inventors, who collectively hold over 5,100 U.S. patents. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of my neighbors in Tampa Bay and the residents of Florida, I am proud to honor the 2023 Inductees to the Florida Inventors Hall of Fame on this outstanding achievement. We are incredibly grateful to these innovators for their contributions to society and its constant revolutionization through their inventions. As the following ten inventors are inducted into the Florida Inventors Hall of Fame's growing community, I hope this may encourage future generations to strive toward this achievement and to continue the spirit of discovery and innovation. The 2023 Inductees of the Florida Inventors Hall of Fame are: James L. Cairns: Founder and Executive Director of the Cairns Foundation, and CEO of Abyssal Systems, Inc., who is recognized for pioneering underwater electrical, fiber-optic connector technologies that allowed circuits to be successfully and seamlessly mated and de- mated reliably within the harsh environment of the deep ocean thereby revolutionizing subsea surveillance, anti-submarine warfare, and ocean energy production. Jason Eichenholz: Co-Founder and Chief Technology Officer of Luminar Technologies, who is recognized for trailblazing innovations in laser and optics-enabled technologies, especially in lidar (light detection and ranging) applications advancing the self-driving vehicle industry; as well as fundamental product development and commercialization for early