Let us all pray that the remaining hostages on both sides are released as soon as possible.
Since the ceasefire in Gaza came into effect, Israeli forces have placed the whole of the west bank under strict military inspection as part of the Iron Wall operation.
The Israel Defence Forces have launched a large-scale offensive operation in the city of Jenin, with numerous drone strikes on the infrastructure and a military raid by IDF troops and special forces in the occupied west bank.
At least nine people have been killed by Israeli forces and 40 have been injured, including several healthcare workers.
What urgent steps are the Government taking to protect Palestinians—including healthcare workers—and to prevent atrocities in the west bank, and will the Prime Minister outline the UK’s response to the International Court of Justice’s advisory opinion on Israel’s unlawful occupation?
I am deeply concerned by what is happening in the west bank.
We have raised it a number of times in the various exchanges that we have had, but I am deeply concerned about it, and we are doing everything we can to alleviate the situation.
Tamworth castle, which boasts 1,000 years of history, was recently added to the “Heritage at Risk” register following my campaign about its future.
Despite needing repairs, it provides a unique and valuable learning environment, welcoming both the public and schools to learn about Tamworth’s rich history.
Will the Prime Minister visit Tamworth to see how an 11th-century castle is providing 21st-century learning opportunities while promoting local heritage?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her kind invitation.
I particularly enjoyed Tamworth’s recent FA Cup heroics against Tottenham, although they did not quite win.
We are committed to protecting our most vulnerable heritage, and I know that Historic England is working closely with Tamworth borough council to preserve this local treasure for future generations.
It is particularly important to continue school visit programmes, supporting our mission to give every child the best opportunities in life.
Across England, 95,000 students attend non-academised sixth-form colleges.
Of those colleges, 32 are currently on strike because the Government did not settle the funding for them last summer.
Can the Prime Minister tell me whether he intended to create a two-tier education system for sixth-form students who are victims of the covid crisis?
We have put more money into colleges and, as the hon.
Lady knows, it is for them to deal with these disputes.
From Stafford to Eccleshall and Loggerheads, my constituents are sick and tired of having their properties and businesses devastated  by flooding.
The last Conservative Government did not invest enough in flood prevention measures to stop this happening.
Can the Prime Minister assure me and my constituents that he will prioritise flood prevention investment before the homes and businesses on Sandon Road in Stafford disappear completely into Sandyford brook?
My sympathies go to my hon.
Friend’s constituents; far too many are experiencing terrible flooding.
I visited Stafford last year, and they talked me through the misery of their experience.
We inherited flood defences in their worst condition on record.
We are now investing £2.4 million in flood defences to better protect communities, and we have committed £60 million to support farmers impacted by extreme weather.
Two-year mortgages have hit 5%, borrowing is billions of pounds above forecast and retail sales have slumped.
Does the Prime Minister still believe that the Chancellor is doing a good job?
I thought the hon.
Lady was just reading out the last Government’s record.
Before the last election, the Conservatives baselessly promised a fully funded scheme to deliver a new Watford hospital—something they failed to achieve in 14 years.
Does the Prime Minister share my frustration, and that of my constituents, that the Conservatives unforgivably failed to budget for its construction?
Watford will only get its new hospital built and paid for thanks to the properly planned approach of this Labour Government.
I am not surprised that my hon.