So can the Prime Minister please outline what steps his Government are taking to enhance mental health support for our children nationwide?
I thank the hon.
Member for raising an issue of huge concern in his constituency and in all constituencies.
Far too many young people are not receiving the care that they need, so we will provide access to specialist mental health professionals in every school, recruit an additional 8,500 staff to deal with children’s and adult mental health services, and roll out our Young Futures hubs in every community.
My right hon.
and learned Friend will understand the importance of farming to the economy of my constituency of Penrith and Solway, and to Cumbria as a whole.
With recent reports of foot and mouth outbreaks in Germany, and concerns being expressed over transmission to the United Kingdom, will the Prime Minister assure the House that all Departments are on high alert and vigilant in monitoring the situation, particularly at places of entry, including airports where meat import controls can be lax?
We must avoid the disaster that this would bring to UK farming.
We will do whatever it takes to protect farmers from the risk posed by foot and mouth.
That is why we acted swiftly to ban imports of cattle, pigs and sheep and their products from Germany, to protect farmers.
We will not hesitate to restrict imports from additional countries if the disease spreads, and we will keep the situation under close and careful review.
I call the Leader of the Opposition.
May I take this opportunity to welcome the release of hostages, including Emily Damari, from barbaric captivity?
I also know that the thoughts of many will be with the victims of the Southport killings.
There are important questions to answer, and I will return to those after the case is concluded.
Between 2009 and 2022 the OECD found that children in England rose up global league tables in maths, reading and science.
Conservative Government action means that English schools now top the western world at maths and reading, but the Prime Minister’s Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill, which will be voted on in Committee this week, reverses the improvements that made that happen.
The Bill is an act of vandalism.
It is wrecking a cross-party consensus that lasted for decades.
Why does the Prime Minister think that so many school leaders are criticising the Bill?
It was Labour that introduced academies in the first place to drive up standards.
Academies are here to stay, and will continue to drive up standards.
That is what the Bill is about.
Also in that Bill are important provisions for protecting children, including a provision to stop abusers taking children  out of school, and a unique identifier to ensure that the whereabouts of all children are known.
What did the Leader of the Opposition do?
She instructed Conservative Members to vote against those measures.
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman did not even bother voting on that Bill.
He talks about safeguarding measures, but that is not what the issue is—this is about the reforms that he is changing.
We have an example of where those reforms were not introduced—Wales, which has been under Labour control for two decades.
Welsh educational outcomes have tumbled down international league tables, and poor children in England now do better than wealthier children in Wales.
The Bill denies children the guarantee that their failing schools will be turned into a better academy.
It is an attack on excellence, it is an attack on higher standards, and it is an attack on aspiration.
The Bill is the worst of socialism.
Is it not deprived children in England who will pay the price?
As I said, we introduced academies, we are committed to them, and we are driving standards up.
The Bill is important because it also sets up breakfast clubs for the very children that the right hon.
Lady claims to champion.