The new interim chair’s experience will be really important in helping us to understand how the tech companies will move forward, and his chairmanship of the Alan Turing Institute gives him valuable experience to bring to the table in delivering on that.
I should declare an interest, having worked for a competition regulator for a number of years before entering Parliament.
I suggest that the Minister does not take any competition policy lessons from the Conservatives, who oversaw the re-monopolisation of the broadband network, the consolidation of power within tech networks on an unprecedented scale, and the rise of crony capitalism on a scale not seen before.
Some rumours around this appointment have suggested that it is a signal of a flight away from competition regulation.
Can I urge him to quash those rumours and confirm that this Government believe that competition drives investment, innovation and growth, and that this country is open for investment and new market entry by as many companies as possible?
We absolutely agree that competition is vital for driving investment and growth.
The CMA will remain operationally independent, as it always has been.
The Government seem fascinated by the price of Oasis tickets.
Meanwhile, debt and the cost of debt are soaring.
Should the Government—definitely, not maybe—come up with some ideas of their own for growth, rather than trying to copy the homework of regulators?
We have our own ideas for growth.
We have important planning reforms coming forward, and the industrial strategy, which drives forward the strengths of the UK economy.
As for the hon.
Gentleman’s Oasis pun, I think he needs to work a bit harder on that one.
Having spent 15 years dealing with the CMA in my campaign to end the abuse of the secondary ticketing market, I have long felt that the CMA is in desperate need of much stronger and clearer ministerial oversight.
Can the Minister confirm today which Minister will have oversight of the CMA, and that it will be an active role, not a role in name only?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her work on secondary ticketing, a subject on which there is currently a consultation.
I am the Minister responsible for the CMA.
A new strategic steer for the CMA will be issued later this year, and of course it will remain independent from Government.
The clear issue here is why the previous chair resigned, and what remit the Minister has given the interim chair to change the policy and direction of the CMA.
Can the Minister outline that remit for the House?
He says he will do it later this year, but he has manoeuvred a position in which the previous chair has resigned.
We need to know what the CMA will be doing now to regulate the market.
The CMA’s operational independence will remain intact.
We have clearly set out that there will be a new strategic steer, which will be about boosting growth.
After conversations, we have decided that new leadership is needed to deliver on that.
I should declare that before entering the House, I advised, as a competition lawyer, on various CMA matters, including investigations and panels.
Some of the criticisms from Conservative Members seem half a world away, to channel Oasis, from both the topic in question and economic reality.
Will the Minister confirm that yesterday’s announcement does not change the independence of the individual CMA panels that deal with matters before the CMA?
I can confirm that the CMA’s operational independence remains intact.
The power vested in large corporations is greater than ever.
Tech giants are exerting monopolistic power over the market, so I am becoming exasperated with the Government’s Thatcherite-like attitude towards deregulation.
Do the Government understand the risks involved in going for short-term boosts to growth over long-term stability of the economic market?
I would not accept the hon.
Gentleman’s characterisation at all, and I am sure that Conservative Members would not, either.