Do the Government understand the risks involved in going for short-term boosts to growth over long-term stability of the economic market?
I would not accept the hon.
Gentleman’s characterisation at all, and I am sure that Conservative Members would not, either.
We announced only this morning that we will take action against Amazon on knife sales, so I do not think the characterisation that we are in the pocket of big tech is at all accurate.
The CMA took far too long to reach a decision on the Vodafone and Three merger.
This slowed down the roll-out of 5G across all our constituencies and was a drag on growth.
How can regulators be pushed to ensure that their decisions lead to growth?
My hon.
Friend is right that we need to give the business community confidence that decisions will be made quickly to provide certainty, so that it can move forward with investments for the benefit of the whole economy.
What will be the impact on growth of a record number of millionaires having left the UK since the Budget?
That is a very interesting question.
I am not sure that the CMA’s role is to monitor the number of millionaires leaving the country.
In 2023, after the CMA blocked a particular merger, the last Conservative Chancellor,  the right hon.
Member for Godalming and Ash (Jeremy Hunt) , said that it must “understand their wider responsibilities”.
He also said:
“I do think it’s important all our regulators understand their wider responsibilities for economic growth.”
He was right, was he not?
Yes, he was right.
That is the message that the Prime Minister sent out to the regulators at the investment summit, and it is why they have been invited   in to give their ideas on growth.
We do not think that asking regulators how they are going to stimulate growth is a problem—that is the No.
1 mission of this Government, and everyone should be signed up to delivering on it.
I call Llinos Medi.
Diolch, Llefarydd.
The Government say that the CMA’s chair had failed to convince them that he was sufficiently focused on growth, but at the same time, reports suggest that the Government plan to freeze all rail spending except for on three projects in England.
A lack of transport funding is stifling growth in the Welsh economy.
To prove his commitment to growth, will the Minister outline the transport funding that his Government have committed to Wales?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her question.
Unfortunately, transport funding—particularly in Wales—is well outside the CMA’s remit.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that the UK’s economic regulators have a responsibility to ensure supersonic growth in our economy with a pro-business approach, and that this is part of what I would term a responsibility agenda?
We all have a responsibility to ensure the best for our economy, and those regulators do as well.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
We all need to be signed up to this agenda, which is absolutely critical for delivering on our aims of getting a better-growing economy, getting more money into people’s pockets, delivering on the promises we have made, and changing the tune after the last 14 years of decline.
Changing personnel is one thing, but when we speak to business, we hear that resolving disputes and the way in which the CMA does so is key.
Could I urge the Minister to look at how disputes are resolved, and whether litigation and an antagonistic approach to business is the best way for the CMA to proceed?
That is a very fair comment.
We need to give businesses certainty and clarity that things will be resolved quickly, so that they have the confidence to make investment decisions.
How does the Department plan to appoint the permanent chair?
The appointment of the permanent chair will take place in the normal manner, as all other appointments do.