Let us hope that all the hostages are released as soon as possible, and that the ceasefire turns into a lasting peace.
Last week, I urged the Prime Minister to speed up the social care commission, to implement the changes that people need this year.
The very next day, it was announced that the chair of the social care commission was also going to chair another important inquiry, into grooming gangs.
The Prime Minister said that the job of chairing the commission is so enormous that it cannot be completed within three years, yet he also said the chair of that commission, Baroness Casey, has enough free time over the next few months to chair another inquiry.
How can both those things be true?
Baroness Casey is well placed  to conduct the audit into grooming gangs, given her hard-hitting report on exploitation in Rotherham.
That does not affect her work on the independent commission on adult social care, which begins in April.
As the right hon.
Gentleman knows, the first part of that commission will report next year, so that we can deliver recommendations as we receive them.
Already we are introducing fair pay agreements, providing more money for social care funding and putting up the allowance.
We are already taking steps.
There will be a two-part report and we will act on the recommendations as they arrive, but this needs to be done properly.
I still do not think the Prime Minister is giving social care reform the priority that it needs.
It is urgent, so I will keep coming back to that to hold him to account.
Turning to the United States, can the Prime Minister guarantee that he will not sell out Britain’s fantastic farmers to Donald Trump in a trade deal that undermines our high food and animal welfare standards, in the way that the Conservatives sold them out in the Australia and New Zealand deals?
We will work with the US and with other countries, but we will never lower our standards.
Thousands of my constituents have had to put up with years of misery because of unsafe fire protection in their homes, developers dragging their feet and leaseholders having to foot the bill for mistakes that they did not make.
Does the Prime Minister agree that enough is enough, and it is time for developers to make all homes safe?
Will he reassure leaseholders, who bought their homes in good faith, that this Government have their back?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this important issue.
Too many buildings are still unsafe, and the speed of delivery has been far too slow.
Our action plan sets out measures to identify buildings at risk and fix them faster.
My message is clear: the funding is there to fix this, and there is no excuse not to deliver for residents.
Expanding London’s airports and building a third runway at Heathrow would be incredibly irresponsible in the midst of a climate emergency, flying in the face of the Climate Change Committee’s advice.
The Prime Minister clearly knows that, because he and seven Cabinet colleagues voted against a third runway at Heathrow in 2018.
Will he confirm his position?
I am not going to comment on speculation.
The hon.
Gentleman knows that this Government are committed to growth, to the aviation sector and to our climate obligations.
I am not going to take lectures from those who talk about climate change, but oppose vital renewable infrastructure in their own constituencies.
In Swindon North, we have the Panattoni Park development, which is one of the largest employment developments in Europe and has massive potential for growth.
Will the Prime Minister join me in acknowledging the site for boosting economic growth in not only my region but the country, and will he visit it with me?