We have reset the relationship with the Scottish Government.
I think I spend more time with the Deputy First Minister than the hon.
Gentleman does.
I suspect he should spend more time with those on his own side discussing issues of interest to the Scottish people.
We are determined to deliver, and we will do that in partnership.
That is what resetting the relationship is all about.
I call the Chair of the Scottish Affairs Committee.
May I thank my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for helping to secure £14 million of levelling up funds for the area of Drumchapel in my constituency of Glasgow West?
Does he agree that given the record settlement that the Scottish Government have received from the UK Government, it is about time that they went ahead and sorted out the problems of under-provision and overcrowding in Drumchapel health centre?
My hon.
Friend has been a doughty champion for Drumchapel and was key, at the heart of this Labour Government, to getting that funding across the line.
The health service in Scotland is in crisis, which is only made clearer by the First Minister taking personal control of it.
One in six of our fellow Scots are on NHS waiting lists.
The record settlement of £4.9 billion to end austerity in Scotland needs to be spent on the frontline in places such as Drumchapel health centre.
The Secretary of State has spoken eloquently about his efforts to strengthen the Union between our nations.
What, then, is he doing to fix the problems that the Windsor framework and the protocol are causing with importing seed and ware potatoes from Scotland into Northern Ireland?
That is not strengthening our Union.
This Government are fixing the foundations of our economy and resetting our relationships, not just with the devolved Administrations but with our partners across the European Union.
I would hope that all parties would want to come together to make sure that happens.
What recent discussions he has had with the Scottish Government on support for the farming industry in Scotland.
The Secretary of State meets the Deputy First Minister on a regular basis and the inter-ministerial group for environment, food and rural affairs convenes regularly to discuss important issues, including  agriculture.
I am personally looking forward to speaking at the National Farmers Union Scotland conference in February alongside Scottish Government Ministers.
We have been working hard to positively reset relations with the Scottish Government.
The recent Budget saw Scotland receive an above-population share for agriculture, and ringfencing of the budget was removed to respect the devolution settlement.
I look forward to hearing the Minister at the NUFS dinner.
What conversations has she had with the Scottish Government and the Treasury on the agricultural property relief reforms and their impact on tenant farmers?
My understanding from answers to the questions I have asked is that they do not have the same opportunities to ameliorate the APR changes as others do, and it feels like that cohort has been completely forgotten by the Government.
Can we urgently review that, if that is indeed the case?
These reforms still provide a very significant level of tax relief, with the first £1 million of combined business and agriculture assets continuing to receive 100% relief in most cases.
Additional assets will still receive relief at a rate of 50%.
The Budget was designed to protect the payslips of working people while raising record funding for public services in Scotland.
The hon.
Lady should outline where she thinks that money should come from if she thinks that the wealthiest landowners should not be paying more tax.
Inheritance tax is a necessary tax.
That view is tacitly shared by Conservative Members given that they did not lift a finger to abolish it when they were in power.