I am not going to take lectures from those who talk about climate change, but oppose vital renewable infrastructure in their own constituencies.
In Swindon North, we have the Panattoni Park development, which is one of the largest employment developments in Europe and has massive potential for growth.
Will the Prime Minister join me in acknowledging the site for boosting economic growth in not only my region but the country, and will he visit it with me?
Growth is at the heart of our plan for change, which will fund our public services, create good jobs and raise living standards across the country.
My hon.
Friend is right to champion one of the largest brownfield sites in the UK, which could create more than 11,000 jobs on site and add £1.2 billion to the economy.
It underlines the importance of this Government bringing economic stability, creating the national wealth fund and driving up growth.
The Prime Minister recently visited Epsom hospital, where he committed to not just papering over the cracks in the NHS after years of Conservative lies.
However, on Monday, his Government confirmed that St Helier  hospital will be allowed to develop further wounds, and that the hospital will crumble.
St Helier will not survive the delay the Government have announced; people will die, and NHS staff will break.
Will the Prime Minister apologise to my constituents, as they wait years for a new hospital building, and will he visit St Helier with me to witness at first hand the dire situation our residents face?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to raise the concerns of his constituents; I am not surprised they are frustrated and even angry at the lack of delivery under the previous Government.
There was no credible plan—[Interruption.]
Let me read the Infrastructure and Projects Authority’s verdict on what we inherited—
That was your decision!
Order.
I expect better from those on the Front Bench, Mr Philp, and I am sure you are going to show better.
He was Liz Truss’s right-hand man, so we wouldn’t expect anything else.
The IPA’s verdict on the previous Government’s plan was that there were “major issues”—[Interruption.]
This is the Conservatives’ record; they should not be chuckling.
The verdict was that there were “major issues” with the definition, schedule, budget, quality and delivery.
It was a fiction—always was.
Alongside other Greater Manchester MPs, I recently met constituents who shared distressing accounts of a spinal surgeon’s malpractice affecting many across the region.
They have formed an injured staff and patient group, but despite a review, they feel that justice has not been served, and the hospital trust is yet to conduct a full patient recall.
Will the Prime Minister arrange a meeting with the group and the relevant Minister to help them to get the justice they deserve?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this awful case—the stories and accounts are heartbreaking and deeply concerning.
I will make sure that she and the group receive a meeting with the relevant Health Minister at the earliest opportunity.
The Prime Minister’s Budget raised taxes, borrowing and public spending as a strategy for economic growth.
When will he accept the words of one Labour Prime Minister in the 1970s, who explained to a Labour conference that
“in all candour…that option no longer exists”,
and that the only way to obtain sustained economic growth is by cutting taxes and regulation?
The hon.
Gentleman must have missed recent reports.
The Office for National Statistics has just said that we have the highest investment in 19 years; PwC has just said that this is the second-best place to invest in the world; and the International Monetary Fund has just upgraded growth, now saying we are predicted to be the fastest growing major European economy.
Wages are up and inflation is down—that is after just six months.