That is the underlying reason for the decision I have taken to make this statement today.
The shadow Secretary of State argues that our response provides the UK with an opportunity to demonstrate leadership within NATO.
I think we have already done that, not by asserting our argument but by our actions: launching and leading through the JEF 10 nations the Nordic Warden response to the attack on EstLink 2 and now by confirming that we will play a leading role in the new NATO deployment in the Baltic, which is linked to the work that we are doing through Nordic Warden.
The shadow Secretary of State asks about the priority for our undersea cables for our homeland infrastructure.
These cables are not simply a technical network.
They are the infrastructure for the things on which we depend for our daily lives: the operation of the internet; the supply of energy; and communications with other parts of the world.
He will therefore have seen and noted in the terms of reference of the strategic defence review, launched by the Prime Minister within two weeks of the Government being elected in July, that defending and reinforcing the homeland defence of Britain is foremost in those terms of reference.
We will, as I have said, report on the strategic defence review in the spring.
rose—
Members are bobbing who were not in the Chamber at the start of the debate.
We have made a note of all their names and the time that they arrived and they will not be called to speak.
If they do not know whether that means them, they should speak to their Whip.
I call the Chair of the Defence Committee.
I thank my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for advance sight of his statement.
It is very apt that he should be making this statement, because during our Defence Committee visit to RAF Lossiemouth in Scotland last week, we discussed this very issue.
Clearly, there is greater need for wider availability and capacity for Royal Navy and other maritime capability to meet the rising Russian activity in waters surrounding the UK.
I refer, for example, to the threats to critical undersea infrastructure.
I have two questions for the Secretary of State.
First, what lessons have the Government learned from the Finnish investigation into Eagle S, which was accused  of damaging the undersea infrastructure between Finland and Estonia?
Secondly, what measures are available to the Government to stop vessels from traversing UK waters, to build on the recent insurance checks that were put in place in October?
Is sanctioning vessels our only option?
I thank the Chair and the members of the Defence Committee not just for the work that they are doing, but for the work that they are willing to do outside this House.
I thank them for the visit that they paid to Lossiemouth to see for themselves some of the essential work that our forces personnel and civilians are doing in defending this country.
He asks about the Finnish investigation into the EstLink 2 cable damage.
That is for the Finns to complete and to confirm the findings of their investigation.
It will be at that point that we can draw out and discuss any lessons that there might be for the UK.
We defend more fiercely than perhaps any other nation in the world the freedom of navigation in our seas.
Ships of all states may navigate through our territorial waters.
They are subject to the right of innocent passage, and so some of the steps that the Chair of the Defence Committee might urge the Government to take are simply not available to us under the United Nations law of the open seas.