Does the Secretary of State agree that while Labour ploughs ahead with delivering GB Energy, owned by the British people and headquartered in Scotland, it is the SNP who are breaking their promises and letting down Scotland, our Union and the protection of our planet?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on  being the new mission champion for clean energy.
He  is absolutely right.
While the SNP makes promises it breaks, this Labour Government are determined to deliver for Scotland.
Maybe that is why SNP MPs in this House voted against GB Energy.
We are delivering for Scotland.
We promised GB Energy; that has been delivered.
We promised to end austerity; that has been delivered.
We promised to make work pay; that has been delivered.
While the SNP only delivers managed decline for Scotland, we are getting on with improving the economy.
There are no clear plans for Great British Energy, but there are very clear plans to end new licences for oil and gas in the North sea.
Gary Smith of the GMB has said that stopping new licences is “the employment equivalent of a Grangemouth refinery closing nearly every week from 2025 to 2030.”
When will the Secretary of State stand up for Scotland, oppose the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, protect jobs and ensure that we do not have more imports with higher emissions?
GB Energy is there, with the national wealth fund, to deliver that just transition in clean power by 2030.
Oil and gas in the North sea will be here for decades to come, and I ask the right hon.
Gentleman to work with us to deliver that just transition, rather than scaremongering the workers of the north-east.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Despite mighty work by Conservative Members of the other place, sadly the Great British Energy Bill continues to make progress through the House of Lords.
To remind you, Mr Speaker, the chairman of Great British Energy is based in Manchester but leading a company headquartered in Aberdeen.
In Committee in October it was claimed that GB Energy would directly  employ 1,000 people; by November, that had fallen to 300 people.
What is the figure, what are those jobs, where will they be based and what on earth will GB Energy actually do?
I am surprised that the shadow Secretary of State is championing the lines of the SNP.
GB Energy is headquartered in Scotland.
In fact, it is headquartered in the region that he represents in Scotland, it is capitalised with £125 million and it will bring valuable jobs to his constituency.
I suspect he might want to go back to  his constituents this weekend and explain why he does not want those new jobs and industries of the future in his constituency.
What recent discussions he has had with the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions on the adequacy of Government support for women pensioners in Scotland.
What recent discussions he has had with the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions on the adequacy of Government support for women pensioners in Scotland.
The Labour Government’s choice to protect the pension triple lock means that millions of women pensioners will see their yearly pensions rise by up to £470 in April, and by up to £1,900 over this Parliament.
That stands in stark contrast to the Conservative party, who cut the state pension of over 1 million Scots.
The Conservatives are still in chaos, announcing policies on the hoof that would mean a raid on pension pots.
Meanwhile, this Labour Government are taking tough decisions and action to clean up the Tories’ economic mess.
Do the Minister and the Secretary of State agree with Labour MSPs that WASPI women deserve compensation?
I appreciate that campaigners are disappointed, but the hon.