We need to give businesses certainty and clarity that things will be resolved quickly, so that they have the confidence to make investment decisions.
How does the Department plan to appoint the permanent chair?
The appointment of the permanent chair will take place in the normal manner, as all other appointments do.
An active regulator is essential to securing fair prices for consumers.
Residents of areas such as mine are often at the forefront of rises in petrol prices, and residents of Pontardawe are regularly left wondering why they have to pay 8p more per litre than people in  nearby towns.
Will the Government commit to launching the Pumpwatch petrol price comparison platform, as recommended by the Competition and Markets Authority?
That is a very important point.
Consumers see the petrol prices every time they leave their home in their motor vehicle.
There is a disparity there that sometimes needs explanation, and certainly needs transparency, so I will take that issue up on the hon.
Gentleman’s behalf, and will come back to him on it.
My constituents, particularly those living in Crookfur, have terrible mobile phone signal.
How can the CMA progress the merger between Three and Vodafone, so that we  get the investment in transmitters that we need to improve the mobile phone signal in Crookfur and around the country?
That is certainly something that the CMA has been dealing with, and I am sure that we will be able to provide my hon.
Friend with an update shortly.
Will the Minister ask the Competition and Markets Authority to investigate why we have the highest energy prices in the world, particularly for electricity?
I will certainly pass that request on.
That might be something that Ofgem would also have an interest in.
I thank the Minister for his responses so far.
Does he agree that the first duty of the Competition and Markets Authority is to ensure that regulations are followed, and to break up monopolies at a time when our small businesses are suffering?
The national insurance increase has not helped.
If the CMA takes decisions that just so happen to have the by-product of stimulating economic growth, that is well, but the narrative that taking away regulation will promote growth is wrong.
It might be worth the hon.
Member putting in for an Adjournment debate.
I thank the hon.
Member for her question.
It is important that consumers and small businesses operate on a level playing field; it is also correct that we are very keen to see more growth delivered.
We think that will benefit everyone in the economy, but I take the point that a balance has to be struck.
rose—
Mr Grady, I think you have asked a question. [
Interruption.]
I think the Whips need to be advising you a bit more.
I thank the Minister for his answers.
The role of the CMA chair is essential in the current economic climate, as we watch how our allies in the USA approach their trading and their deals.
We need a message of strength; we need to relay the fact that we are ready and open for international business.
Does the Minister believe that this interim measure sends that message, and how quickly can we get the right person in place to promote our business standing?
We are really serious about growth.
This is about sending the message that we want to make sure that Britain is open for investment, and that we will work with partners across the world to encourage investment and get the growth that we want, for the benefit of the entire economy.
This is just one part of the plan.
With permission, I wish to make a statement on the UK’s response to recent Russian maritime activity. [
Interruption.]
I am glad that the House waited for this statement.
A foreign vessel, Yantar, is in the North sea, having passed through British waters.