Canny Scots will, I am sure, make choices in the interest of their families and say that it is time to replace a failing SNP Government.
rose—
Hurray!
I welcome that welcome from the Labour Benches.
The Minister campaigned on compensation for WASPI women, as the Secretary of State for Scotland did, so will she tell me, if she will not listen to the women and if she will not listen to the ombudsman, will she listen to Scottish Labour MSPs who called for compensation?
There is a third Member in a dreadful fankle.
We said at the election that we would wait for the ombudsman’s report, we would examine it and we would take a view.
We have a taken view: we have taken a view that up to £10 billion of public money should not be spent providing compensation on a decision that was legal and of which it has been concluded that the vast majority of 1950s-born women were aware.
The Secretary of State recently reacted to Labour’s dip in the polls in Scotland by saying that the voters “don’t like honesty”.
I wonder if it was more to do with Labour not keeping its commitment to women pensioners, or saying that it would decrease fuel bills—and they went up—or saying that it would tackle child poverty and then taking on some of the most regressive Tory policies on the two-child cap?
As we approach Burns night, I wonder if the bard was right when he said:
“Dare to be honest and fear no labour.”
Nowadays, would he say, “Dare to be honest and fear the voters”?
Polls come, polls go.
The fact remains that this Labour Government have provided record investment for Scottish public services.
I suggest the hon.
Member invests in a notepad so that he can keep track.
The Prime Minister was asked—
If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 22 January.
The senseless, barbaric murder of three young girls in Southport was devastating.
A measure of justice has been done, but for the victims, the injured and the affected, we must see a fundamental change in how Britain protects its citizens and its children.
As part of the public inquiry, we will not let any institution deflect from its failures.
Next Monday marks Holocaust Memorial Day.
Visiting Auschwitz last week only strengthened my resolve to build a national Holocaust memorial and learning centre beside this Parliament.
The whole House will welcome the release of Emily Damari and other hostages from Gaza.
We must now see the ceasefire deal implemented in full, the release of the remaining hostages and a surge in aid into Gaza for citizens.
May I also welcome Cheryl Korbel, whose young daughter Olivia was murdered in awful circumstances, and her sister Antonia to the Chamber?
I have met them twice, and we will change the law so that the most serious offenders attend their sentencing hearings.
This morning, I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in the House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
Before Christmas, I received nearly 1,000 handwritten letters from pupils at St Peter’s secondary school in Exeter.
Each letter strongly advocated for greater support to tackle the mental health challenges  faced by young people, with many sharing deeply unsettling personal stories.
I am committed to improving local mental health services to help young people build the resilience they need to live happy and healthy lives.
However, I know these challenges are not unique to my constituency and are being faced by children across our country.
So can the Prime Minister please outline what steps his Government are taking to enhance mental health support for our children nationwide?
I thank the hon.
Member for raising an issue of huge concern in his constituency and in all constituencies.