I am a fan of speed watch.
The Conservative party is under new management, and we are unafraid to back wealth creators and risk takers.
We are unashamed to say that we need fewer civil servants and arm’s length regulators so that our businesses carry less dead weight in the global race to be competitive, but dismissing the non-executive, part-time chair of the CMA seems a curious place to start.
He is not responsible for day-to-day decision making at the CMA; that is the job of the chief executive.
Did they aim and miss?
Can the Minister confirm whether there are plans to change the Government’s view on the CMA’s remit, to play the ball and not the man?
What evaluation has there been of all regulators as part of this process, and when will the Government publish it?
I think there were a couple of questions in there about the role of the CMA chair.
Of course, he did not get sacked; he resigned.
A new strategic steer for the CMA will be coming out in due course.
The hon.
Gentleman’s tirade of criticisms of this Government was a bit rich coming from a man who was in the Treasury when the last Government crashed the economy.
I would point out that PwC announced only this week that we were the second most attractive country in the world to invest in, and that the International Monetary Fund last week upgraded our growth predictions for this year.
We are going to be the highest-growing major economy in Europe this year, and that shows our determination to get the growth going, which was something that his Government failed completely on.
Getting the right regulatory environment is vital to drive innovation in our economy and also to protect our consumers and markets.
Does the Minister agree that this renewed focus on the regulatory environment and getting it right to drive our economy will make sure that this Government deliver our No.
1 mission of growth?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Growth is the No.
1 mission for this Government, and getting the balance right between protecting consumers and driving up growth in the economy means that we all benefit.
That is something we are very clear about on this side of the House, and something that the last Government failed to deliver on.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
The Government are right to say that bold and ambitious steps are needed to get our economy growing again, especially after the damage caused by the previous Conservative Government, but we must also recognise that fair competition is the lifeblood of our market economy, which helps to drive innovation and ensures that economic benefits reach consumers.
Does the Minister agree that ensuring proper competition in the economy is vital to achieving sustained growth?
I also note that the new interim chair’s prior experience includes running Amazon’s UK business.
Will the Minister guarantee that the digital markets unit within the CMA will be backed to hold powerful tech giants accountable, for the benefit of customers in Wokingham and across the UK?
We are absolutely clear that we need to protect consumers, but we also need to drive growth.
The new interim chair’s experience will be really important in helping us to understand how the tech companies will move forward, and his chairmanship of the Alan Turing Institute gives him valuable experience to bring to the table in delivering on that.
I should declare an interest, having worked for a competition regulator for a number of years before entering Parliament.
I suggest that the Minister does not take any competition policy lessons from the Conservatives, who oversaw the re-monopolisation of the broadband network, the consolidation of power within tech networks on an unprecedented scale, and the rise of crony capitalism on a scale not seen before.