The National Education Union sent out a tick list proving that after a decade and a half, it is finally getting its way.
Why is the Education Secretary allowing trade unions to run her Department and ruin children’s education?
The Bill benefits the children who need the nourishment of a breakfast club.
The Bill benefits the families who cannot afford uniforms.
The Bill benefits the children who are currently out of school and nobody knows where they are.
The Bill will benefit the children who could be taken out of school by abusers were it not to go through.
The Leader of the Opposition should change her mind and support these vital provisions.
The Prime Minister needs to get out more and speak to schools.
I was at the Harris academy just this month, and what is it saying?
The Bill reverses two decades of progress.
It is imposing Labour’s new curriculum on every school, taxing the education of children with special needs and excluding talented outsiders—the closed shop is back.
This is pure educational vandalism.
Alongside those attacks, Labour is removing single-word Ofsted judgments so that parents cannot see standards slipping.
It is the same old Labour: bad outcomes for all children; excellence for none.
I know what it is like to go to a school that did not care about standards—this is a tragedy in the making.
The key changes in the Bill were not in Labour’s election manifesto.
Is that not because the Prime Minister knew that parents and teachers would reject them?
Parents and teachers know that we introduced academies.
Parents and teachers know that we are driven by standards.
We are committed to standards—they are part of the future—and we will continue to focus on them.
The Leader of the Opposition talks about special needs.
She has got a nerve; I don’t know.
Conservative Members know it: they have asked me at Prime Minister’s  questions about the appalling situation of special needs under their watch.
We are going to fix that mess like we are fixing every other mess.
Parents should feel confident that when their child is sick, they can take them to their local hospital to be treated as soon as possible.
But last year, when my son was having difficulty breathing, like many parents I could not take him to the Alexandra hospital in Redditch, as paediatric services were temporarily closed in 2016 and have never been reinstated.
As part of this Government’s record investment in our NHS, will the Prime Minister meet me to explore ways to enable local integrated care boards to reinstate critical services for growing towns like Redditch?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this important issue, which I know he has campaigned on for a very long time.
We are investing a record £25 billion in the NHS as part of our plan for change.
Building an NHS fit for the future means that places like Redditch will see lower waiting lists and services that reflect needs.
While responsibility over service rests with the appropriate NHS commissioner, I will ensure that he gets a meeting with the relevant Minister.
I call the leader of the Liberal Democrats.
I echo the Prime Minister’s opening remarks about the Southport killings and Holocaust Memorial Day, and I particularly join him in expressing our immense relief at the release of Emily Damari and in celebrating that she is back with her mum Mandy and the rest of her family.
Let us hope that all the hostages are released as soon as possible, and that the ceasefire turns into a lasting peace.
Last week, I urged the Prime Minister to speed up the social care commission, to implement the changes that people need this year.
The very next day, it was announced that the chair of the social care commission was also going to chair another important inquiry, into grooming gangs.