I echo the right hon.
Gentleman’s words about the despicable attack from Hamas and the absolute right of Israel to defend itself.
As I said, I believe strongly that it is important that Putin does not see this as a moment of opportunity to sow more chaos, and does not think that the western donor community is distracted or has a preference for supporting Israel over Ukraine.
He must know that our resolve is to support both.
The right hon.
Gentleman rightly noted that the Secretary of State will be in the Gulf later this week.
I am sure that he will want to talk about what he hears there, but I suspect that he will also want to keep some of that counsel private, as we seek to calibrate how we posture ourselves in the region in order to reassure our allies and deter those who might seek to make a bad situation even worse.
The Secretary of State was in Washington last week, and has had a number of calls with other partners around the region.
So too have the Chief of the Defence Staff and I, as part of a Ministry of Defence-wide effort to ensure that we constantly  calibrate our response alongside that of those who we traditionally work with in the region, and we make sure that nothing we do is misinterpreted.
The right hon.
Gentleman and I are, I think, friends, so there is some dismay that he dismisses all my efforts at the Dispatch Box to keep the House updated on the war in Ukraine.
I stood here as recently as  11 September  to lead an excellent debate on the subject, and have given a number of statements on behalf of the Secretary of State.
I am sorry if the right hon.
Gentleman is so rank-conscious as to deem my efforts unworthy, but I have done my best.
The right hon.
Gentleman is right to point to the fact that the excellent financial contribution made over the two previous financial years is, as yet, unconfirmed for the next financial year.
It will not surprise him to know that that has already been the subject of conversation across Government.
It is not for me to make that announcement in an urgent question today, but a major fiscal event is forthcoming, and I know that he will not have to wait too long.
That does not mean that our plans are uncertain.
In fact, I push back strongly on the suggestion that they are.
For a long time over the past two years, there has been a sort of misunderstanding that the UK’s capacity to gift is entirely either from our own stockpiles or from our indigenous industrial capacity.
The vast majority of what the UK gifts is what we are able to buy internationally, often from countries that Putin would prefer were not providing us with that stuff.
However, we have been able to get our hands on it and get it to the Ukrainians with some haste.
That is exactly the sort of thing that the right hon.
Gentleman asked about.
It is about the small but necessary things, such as winterisation equipment, small arms ammunition, artillery ammunition and air defence ammunition, and our ability to buy that while in parallel stimulating UK industry.
I reject what the right hon.
Gentleman said about contracts having not been placed; substantial contracts have been placed directly to replenish UK stockpiles of NLAWs, Starstreak, lightweight multi-role missiles, Javelin, Brimstone, 155 mm shells and 5.56 mm rifle rounds.
As far as I can see, there is a steady state contribution to the Ukrainians that amounts to tens of thousands of rounds per month, plus air defence missiles, plus all the small stuff, alongside the replenishment of our own stockpiles, which can only happen at the pace at which industry can generate it, but none the less it is happening.
My right hon.