I am not asking the Minister to solve that as a problem, but is he concerned by it and can he assure the House that, from the engagement he has had with his counterparts in the United States, in the Executive tier their resolve is undiminished and they will find the resource to continue their support for Ukraine?
The Secretary of State was in Washington last week.
Indeed, his meeting was the third he has had with Secretary Austin since he was appointed.
Within the Executive, there is absolutely no change in approach whatsoever.
Furthermore, although what we see in the news might suggest that there is a growing impatience or a lack of resolve in Congress, that is definitely not what we are hearing in our engagements with colleagues in Congress.
America has a very strong sense of what its role in the world is and what this moment of challenge is.
Despite whatever domestic politics may or may not be playing out, the resolve of Congress to stand firm on the side of freedom is as strong as it has always been.
Earlier, the Minister highlighted developments in the Black sea.
Clearly, they are so important for grain and feeding the world.
Will he update the House on the Government’s position on the Black sea grain initiative and how we can ensure that grain is getting out to feed the world?
The Government continue to be affronted by the idea that grain to feed the world should be traded as part of some deal.
The Turks have shown admirable leadership in seeking to facilitate the movement of grain out of the Black sea and the UK continues to support those initiatives.
If I may, I will write to my hon.
Friend with a more fulsome response on the Black sea grain initiative specifically.
I recently met Ukrainian refugees in my constituency and they are really worried about the war lasting a lot longer than was originally anticipated.
What they really want is the security to know that they can remain safe here in the UK for as long as this appalling war continues, past  31 December 2024 .
What conversations has the Secretary of State had with the Home Office about ensuring that Ukrainian refugees can continue to remain here in safety for as long as they need to?
The hon.
Lady might have been momentarily distracted, but that exact same question came up 10 minutes or so ago.
I will add her name to  that of  the hon.
and learned Member for Edinburgh South West (Joanna Cherry)  in my conversations with Home Office Ministers.
Providing matériel support and logistical cover is crucial to pushing back the Russian aggression in Ukraine, but so is a strong sanctions regime.
Earlier today, a worrying report surfaced stating that while the UK has banned Russian copper, aluminium and nickel, the EU has not done the same, as it deems them to be critical minerals.
Will my right hon.
Friend update the House on what the Government are doing to ensure that we present a united front in our battle against Russia?
When it comes to EU sanctions on Russian critical minerals, my hon.
Friend has exposed a significant flaw in my knowledge.
I will need to write to him.
As co-chair of the all-party parliamentary group on Ukraine, I would like to thank the shadow Secretary of State for Defence, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Wentworth and Dearne (John Healey) , for calling this urgent question and the Minister for his update.
The Minister spoke about the new and particularly important phase of the war regarding the Black sea and Crimea.
Ukraine will not be free until every Russian soldier has left Crimea.
The Ministry of Defence has trained Sea King pilots and, I understand, delivered three Sea Kings, but they are for search and rescue.