Strong parliamentary democracy is crucial to the Commonwealth, and the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association  has a central role as one of the oldest Commonwealth institutions, with you as one of our co-presidents, Mr Speaker.
My right hon.
Friend’s Department acknowledges that new legislation is needed to recognise the CPA as an international interparliamentary organisation, to keep it headquartered here in the UK.
When does he plan to have that new legislation in place?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right about the extraordinary contribution that the CPA makes around the world.
We are very anxious to address the issue she has raised and to find a mutually acceptable solution.
I hope that this can be done by legislation once parliamentary time allows, but if it is not possible to place it in the King’s Speech, she will know that there are other ways of pursuing the matter.
Do the Government agree that there needs to be a full independent international inquiry into the recent terrible events in Israel and Gaza, with full access to the Gaza Strip as well as Israel?
Do the Government agree that the only way forward is a proper process of accountability for those responsible for the commission of any crimes—including war crimes—identified, whether Israeli or Palestinian?
Will the Government review their position on the jurisdiction of the International Criminal Court?
I have no doubt that, in the aftermath of the brutal terrorist attacks on  7 October  and Israel’s defensive response, there will be an assessment of what has happened.
We would want any such assessment to be as comprehensive and independent as possible.
Will the Foreign Secretary make representations to his Pakistan counterpart about deeply worrying human rights abuses committed against Hindus and other minorities, especially women and girls subjected to forced conversion and forced marriage?
Notwithstanding the challenges in Israel and Gaza, protecting freedom of religion or belief, including  for minority communities, remains central to the UK  Government’s human rights engagement, including in Pakistan.
My right hon.
Friend the Foreign Secretary raised the persecution of religious communities, which includes Hindus, with Pakistan’s Prime Minister on  25 September .
On Saturday I stood with thousands of Glaswegians whose overwhelming message was clear that we need a ceasefire now.
The only way we can begin to de-escalate this conflict—a conflict that has led to a humanitarian catastrophe—on both sides is by ending the bombardment of Gaza, ensuring the flow of humanitarian aid and creating a space for engaging in diplomacy and dialogue.
In the light of all that, why do the British Government not call for an immediate ceasefire now?
As we have seen over and over again this morning, calling for a ceasefire is the easy bit; actually negotiating something meaningful is considerably harder.
As my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister has said repeatedly from the Dispatch Box, we are working with all parties.
The hon.
Member for Glasgow East (David Linden)  has made reference to Israel’s actions, but I remind the House that a ceasefire without Hamas stopping its bombardment of Israel is not a meaningful ceasefire.
Last week, China put export restrictions on graphite, which is essential for electric vehicle batteries.
Four out of 10 of the top producers of graphite are Commonwealth members.
Will the Government pursue a partnership agreement on critical minerals with the Commonwealth to reinforce those supply chains?
I commend my right hon.
Friend on his pursuit of this subject, which I know was very much in his thinking when he was in my position.
I can assure him that a critical minerals strategy is something that I regularly discuss with Commonwealth leaders and others, particularly in Africa.
It is in their interest and ours that they protect their natural resources.
Let us have another try: has the international development Minister had direct discussions with his Israeli counterpart about getting fuel into Gaza?
Once the fuel runs out, hospitals stop and people die.