Indeed, I met with women Iranian campaigners a number of weeks ago, and the hon.
Gentleman and the House should know that we stand in full solidarity with them.
I pay tribute to the Prime Minister, the Foreign Secretary and their teams for their important diplomatic efforts in the middle east in recent days.
The potential implications of the conflict between Israel and the terrorist group Hamas are deeply concerning for the wider region, so can the Foreign Secretary update the House on the steps the Government are taking to prevent this conflict from spreading to the wider region?
In the conversations I had with the Israeli Government in the immediate aftermath of the  7 October  attacks, they expressed a desire for this not to turn into a regional conflict.
That desire was echoed by all the leaders of the Arab world that I have spoken to.
It remains an absolute priority for this Government, and indeed the Governments of the region, to prevent this from turning into a regional conflict.
That is exactly what Hamas wants, and therefore is exactly what we do not want.
Is it not simply impossible to get aid in on the scale that is needed if we are to end the humanitarian nightmare under way in Gaza without a ceasefire?
The hon.
Member has heard the detailed responses from the Dispatch Box today on the difficulties entailed, and I reiterate what I said earlier: we are doing everything we can to try to make sure that we help those who are suffering in Gaza today.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Defence if he will make a statement on the war in Ukraine.
Since I last updated the House in my opening remarks in the debate on Ukraine on  11 September , the situation on the ground has remained largely unchanged.
Slow and steady progress is being made by the Ukrainian armed forces, which continue to grind their way through the main Russian defensive position.
Defence Intelligence estimates that the number of Russian permanent casualties —in other words, those who are dead or so seriously wounded that they cannot return to action—now stands at between 150,000 and 190,000 troops.
Total casualties are estimated to number up to 290,000.
A limited Russian offensive is under way at Avdiivka on the outskirts of Donetsk city.
Fighting has been fierce, and we assess that the average casualty rate for the Russian army was around 800 per day in the first week of the offensive.
As ever, Putin and his generals show no more regard for the lives of their own troops than they do for the people of Ukraine.
However, even this ex-soldier can admit that wars are not only about the fight on the land.
Since the last debate on Ukraine, the Ukrainians have opened up a new front in the Black sea, destroying a Kilo-class submarine and two amphibious ships, as well as making a successful strike on the Russian Black sea fleet headquarters.
The consequence, as President Zelensky has rightly said, is that the Russian Black sea fleet is no longer capable of resistance in the western Black sea.
As we move beyond day 600—it is day 608, to be precise—of Putin’s “three-day” illegal war, he has still not achieved any of his initial strategic aims, and he has now ceded sea control in the western Black sea to a nation without a navy.
The UK continues to donate significant amounts of ammunition and matériel, paid for from the £2.3 billion commitment for this financial year.
That follows the same amount being given the year before, and that is an important point.
Our gifting is about more than headline-making capabilities such as Challenger 2 or Storm Shadow.