The Minister spoke about the new and particularly important phase of the war regarding the Black sea and Crimea.
Ukraine will not be free until every Russian soldier has left Crimea.
The Ministry of Defence has trained Sea King pilots and, I understand, delivered three Sea Kings, but they are for search and rescue.
What naval aid is the UK supplying to Ukraine for this next vital phase of the war?
The UK has provided a number of capabilities that have been used by the Ukrainians in their effort in the Black sea.
None of those is explicitly naval, but the challenge with the Montreux convention is that, for example, the two minesweepers the Royal Navy has transferred to the nascent Ukrainian navy cannot enter the Black sea while the convention is in place.
That, of course, constrains our ability to generate a genuine naval capability until the convention is lifted.
When Putin launched his attack on Ukraine, he not only expected to conquer a neighbouring democracy but to split the international community.
Instead, he united it because people cannot remain neutral when they see that type of behaviour.
The biggest rebuff to him would be a strengthened and enlarged NATO, so what conversations is the Minister having, in particular with his Turkish and Hungarian counterparts, on ensuring that the ratification of Sweden’s membership proceeds forthwith?
It remains our firm expectation that Sweden will accede to NATO, and we continue to press all allies to ensure that that happens sooner rather than later.
It is also of note—there has been a great deal of discussion about this in the Swedish media—that it is increasingly in Putin’s interests to style out some of the activities that have been happening in Sweden precisely to affront the sensibilities of some other NATO allies.
It is important for all our eyes to be open to that possibility.
That concludes proceedings on the urgent question.
I will now pause for a moment to allow a change of dramatis personae before the statement.
With permission, Madam Deputy Speaker, I will make a statement on illegal migration.
The Government have made it our top priority to stop the boats, because these crossings are not only illegal, dangerous and unnecessary, but deeply unfair.
They are unfair on those who are genuinely in need of resettlement, as our finite capacity is taken up by people—overwhelmingly young men—coming to the UK directly from a place of safety in France, but most of all they are unfair on the law-abiding British public who face the real-world consequences of illegal migration through housing waiting lists, strained public services and, at times, serious community cohesion challenges, and it is the interests of the British public that we have a duty to advance.
We have developed what is among the most comprehensive and robust plans to tackle illegal migration in Europe, and over the last year the Prime Minister, the Home Secretary and I have focused on delivering it.
The plan starts with taking the fight to the people-smuggling gangs upstream, long before they are even in striking distance of the United Kingdom.
We have already doubled the funds for the organised immigration crime work of the National Crime Agency, and at a meeting of the European Political Community earlier this month the Prime Minister announced new, tailored initiatives with Belgium, Bulgaria and Serbia, which come in addition to the enhanced strategic partnerships that we have already agreed this year with Italy and Turkey.
Our two agreements with the French Government have elevated our co-operation to unprecedented levels.
This is degrading the organised immigration crime groups, and in the last few weeks new physical barriers have been installed to make it considerably harder for the flimsy dinghies to be launched.
As we are increasing disruption abroad, so we are restoring deterrence at home.
We are breaking the link between arriving here illegally and a life in the UK.