Ukrainian politicians and trade unions have urged a resolution to the dispute, because they know how valuable those workers are.
Will the Minister join me in doing the same?
I am unfamiliar with the issue of which the hon.
Lady speaks and I would not want to comment on the fly.
Clearly, those who work within our excellent defence industry do very important work.
In my experience, many of them see themselves as contributing to a national endeavour and are motivated by patriotism every bit as much as by money.
I hope that they will continue to work as hard as they have so that we can support our own armed forces as well as those of Ukraine.
Given that precision, remotely piloted and autonomous weapon systems, not to mention close air support, could be decisive to an attritional land campaign, will the Minister please update the House on the delivery of air power to Ukraine?
In response to an earlier question, I mentioned the F-16 coalition, which is a combination of both gifting the jets and munitions and pilot training.
I have nothing to add beyond what I said earlier, other than that it is expected that those capabilities will arrive with the Ukrainians within the next 12 months.
Clearly, everyone is working as quickly as possible.
If the news is to be believed this morning, we are about to see another German U-turn—this time on providing Taurus missiles—just as we saw a U-turn on Leopards and the F-16s.
Indeed, right across the Ukraine contact group, we keep seeing the same pattern of countries dragging their heels on a certain capability, only to finally give in.
Admittedly, that does not include the Minister and the Government, but why does it keep happening in the contact group?
Will he say a bit more about how the training of F-16 pilots is going?
I am minded to be much more charitable to nations who have again and again challenged themselves to go through a capability threshold—often one that the UK has demonstrably gone through first.
If we consider the position that the Germans have traditionally taken and where they are now post-Zeitenwende, the level of gifting that they are providing is extraordinary.
It would be invidious of me to be in any way critical; in fact, I will go the other way and say how full of admiration I am for the way that German policy has shifted so completely over the last two years.
They say that infantry wins battles but logistics wins wars.
With western stockpiles diminished, what conversations has the Minister had with the defence sector about supporting Ukraine to produce its own munitions?
As keener followers of defence affairs will have spotted, the chief executive of BAE Systems was in Kyiv at the back end of the summer.
BAE has already announced its intention to manufacture in Ukraine.
Clearly, the British Government support that.
We will look at how the wider UK industry can not only support the UK MOD’s support for Ukraine but increasingly manufacture directly in support of the Ukrainians.
Due to Putin’s illegal invasion of a sovereign neighbouring nation, Ukraine is now the most heavily mined country on earth, leading to countless deaths of innocent civilians.
As the Ukrainians continue making progress with their counter-offensive, what steps is the Defence Minister taking to significantly expand our support in providing mine-clearing equipment to Ukraine?
With the exception of the northern Kharkiv oblast, which was recovered at some pace last autumn, I am not sure that the frontline has moved anywhere near enough to start to talk about a civilian de-mining effort in the defensive belts that have been laid over the last year or so. [
Interruption.]
The hon.