We cannot fight Hamas, but we can do so much more to crush their Russian allies.
It is important that I do not suggest that we have any evidence that somehow the Kremlin and Hamas were co-ordinating in the awful events that happened two Saturdays ago.
What we have seen is that the Kremlin is incredibly effective at spotting opportunities presented to it that would further subvert and destabilise.
We have seen that in coups across western Africa and in how Putin quickly moved to contribute to a challenging narrative to the west over what happened in Israel two Saturdays ago.
I know it is difficult to get exact numbers, but the calculations so far of wounded Ukrainian troops are anything between 100,000 and 120,000, as well as about 18,000 civilians.
What support is being provided to Ukraine’s health services to help them cope with the wounded and injured?
What support is being given with regard to specialist service link-ups between the UK and Ukraine, also to provide the best support that we can?
The right hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right that there are significant casualties on the Ukrainian side, though it is important to note that they are less than those suffered on the Russian side.
Those are both military and civilian.
On the military side, there is a coalition of nations, just as there is with all other types of capability to provide military aid.
There are UK medics based in Lviv as part of that.
When I was Rzeszów in Poland just two weeks ago, my plane pulled up alongside a Swedish air force plane that was about to evacuate Ukrainian troops back to Sweden.
In addition, the UK is rehabilitating some troops injured on the Ukrainian side to our rehabilitation facilities here.
In addition to that, as part of the wider support that the UK Government provide to Ukraine, we are of course always looking for opportunities to support the wider humanitarian and civilian medical services, too.
May I return to stockpiles and supply chains?
The Minister is right that the UK has provided a great deal of matériel, but we need a steady supply of orders to restock our own cupboards and to supply the Ukrainians.
Will he outline what he is doing to make sure that we have supply chain resilience?
Could he reassure me that he will keep a laser-like focus on the logistics capacity needed to get kit from here to there?
My hon.
Friend is right on both counts.
First, the industrial capacity needs to be re-established not just to replenish our supply chain, which is an important point.
The Department is not seeking simply to make a single order to replace whatever has been gifted to the Ukrainians.
Instead, we are looking to create orders that run on and on so that the industrial capacity can be maintained.
Those contracts are being placed as the industrial capacity comes online.
In the meantime, other contracts are being placed that allow more like-for-like replacement from stockpiles elsewhere in the world.
He is right that having all the industrial capacity and the fighting echelon works only if we have the logistic enablers to match it all up.
We are making investment in that, as was set out in the defence Command Paper refresh.
We must not forget Ukraine and we must continue to stand with Ukraine, but the war efforts there rely on a strong supply chain here in the UK.
A crucial part of that supply chain are the GMB members at Defence Equipment and Support, who assemble and transport missiles to the frontline, but they have had to take weeks of industrial action over unfair pay.
Ukrainian politicians and trade unions have urged a resolution to the dispute, because they know how valuable those workers are.
Will the Minister join me in doing the same?
I am unfamiliar with the issue of which the hon.