Bill read a Second time.
Lords message ( 23 October ) relating to the Bill considered.
Ordered,
That this House concurs with the Lords in their resolution.—(The Chairman of Ways and Means.)
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps he is taking to support peace and democracy in Sudan.
Britain continues to advocate a return to a civilian-led Government in Sudan and improved humanitarian access.
We have vigorously condemned the atrocities taking place in Darfur, as well as the other regions of Sudan.
Labour stands in solidarity with the people of Sudan, who want only peace, justice and democracy, and who reject the generals’ war.
What are the Government doing to support civilian organisations, including the Sudanese community here in the UK, to build unity in opposition to the conflict and military rule?
It is not just Labour that stands in solidarity, but the whole House and the whole country.
In respect of the civilian leadership, I spoke last Friday to Abdalla Hamdok, the civilian political leader.
He and many of his colleagues will meet in Addis Ababa this week.
We very much hope that those meetings will yield some progress.
The all-party parliamentary group on Sudan and South Sudan has heard how people in Darfur still face daily bombings, killing, rape, pillage and torture.
Members of the Darfur community here are deeply worried about the ethnic cleansing.
What is happening to try to reduce the flow of weapons and to get urgent humanitarian aid to the 24 million people who desperately need it?
My right hon.
Friend is entirely right.
We have recently contributed £600,000 to open-source investigative reporting to verify and preserve information on attacks on civilians and breaches of international humanitarian law.
As she will know, we are providing £22 million of support for Sudan—£5 million was announced recently to help people who have gone across the border into Chad and South Sudan.
She will also know that something like 19 humanitarian workers have been murdered, but we are doing everything we can to try to get aid and help in.
What recent discussions he has had with the Government of Israel on the situation in Gaza.
What recent discussions he has had with representatives of the Palestinian Authority on a two-state solution.
What recent reports he has received on the situation in Israel and Palestine.
Whether he has had discussions with his Israeli counterpart on the (a) compatibility with international law and (b) proportionality of Israel’s response in Gaza to the attacks by Hamas.
What recent discussions he has had with the Government of Israel on the situation in Gaza.
What steps his Department is taking with international partners in the middle east in response to the situation in Gaza and Israel.
Since Hamas’s brutal terror attacks on  7 October , my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister and I have visited the region and have spoken and met extensively with counterparts totalling almost 20 countries, as part of our extensive diplomatic efforts to prevent escalation, to sustain the prospect of regional peace and to secure the free movement home of British nationals in Gaza and the release of hostages.
It has been reported that the Palestinian Authority is to pay up to $3 million a month in so-called martyr salaries to the families of dead and captured Hamas terrorists.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in condemning those payments to rapists, torturers and murderers, some of whom have killed Brits?
Will he use his good offices to ensure that no British aid money has gone towards this filthy practice?
I can reassure my hon.
Friend that we always ensure that UK aid money is protected from misappropriation.
I can confirm to him and the House that no British aid money goes directly to the Palestinian Authority.
We have raised this issue with the Palestinian  Authority and highlighted our belief that it is not conducive to good relations and a future two-state solution.