What assurances  can my right hon.
Friend give that that aid will be targeted correctly and will reach the people who so desperately need it?
My right hon.
Friend is right that UNRWA operates in difficult circumstances, but I can tell him that we talk to it all the time about the proper use of these resources and we will do everything we can always to make sure that they go to the intended place.
My constituents in Hyndburn and Haslingden and I thank the Foreign Secretary for all the work that he is doing to ensure that aid is getting to Gaza, but we know that the UN has stated that it needs at least 100 trucks a day to take the aid to those who desperately need it.
Can my right hon.
Friend set out what conversations he is having with his Israeli and Egyptian counterparts to make sure that that aid is getting to where it needs to be?
Foreign Office officials, the Foreign Secretary and others are talking to all the relevant authorities in Egypt and Israel.
My hon.
Friend will understand that the key thing is to increase the number of lorries that are getting through Rafah.
The current number is wholly inadequate.
I talk to Martin Griffiths virtually every day about the operations that the UN is conducting to try to beef up that number.
Yesterday, the Prime Minister said that we would finally challenge actions that undercut legitimate aspirations for Palestinian statehood, and there are none more fundamental than 57 years of breaches of the fourth Geneva convention by the illegal occupation of the territories, and then with 750,000 Jewish settlers being placed in those territories making a two-state solution very, very difficult.
Are we actually now going to do something about that, or does my right hon.
Friend share my concern that the meaningful resolution to which the Foreign Secretary referred may include the transfer of the people of Gaza and Gaza itself out of the state of Israel into the hands of another state or state system, and, more concerningly, that that would be followed by the expulsion of the Palestinians from the west bank?
My hon.
Friend has a long-standing and principled view on these matters.
I do not share his view and nor do the Government.
Nor do I think that the latter part of his question and the specific points that he made are likely to come about.
I call the shadow Minister.
May I take this opportunity to thank the Minister of State for Development and Africa for the constructive cross-party way that we have been able to work together since I was appointed to this post in such grim times?
He will know that every minute counts right now in Gaza.
Incubators have been switched off and children are drinking dirty water.
Fresh water and power are the most pressing issues, but despite our shared hopes of progress this week, fuel was not permitted in the convoys that entered Gaza, while several hospitals have been hit and many given multiple warnings to evacuate.
Can he share with the House what the Government are doing to help broker an agreement that  will protect hospitals and get fuel into Gaza so that international law is upheld, hospitals can power up and water and power can flow?
First, I welcome the hon.
Lady to her new position.
It is one that I held for five years from 2005 and I very much hope that she will hold it for five years—[Laughter.]
It is one of the best jobs in opposition and in government.
She will know that we are having humanitarian discussions with everyone, intent as we are on getting humanitarian supplies to those who need them.
She asked specifically about attacking a hospital.
Attacking a hospital is a war crime.
We should be in no doubt about that.