The UK continues to donate significant amounts of ammunition and matériel, paid for from the £2.3 billion commitment for this financial year.
That follows the same amount being given the year before, and that is an important point.
Our gifting is about more than headline-making capabilities such as Challenger 2 or Storm Shadow.
It is the delivery, month after month, of tens of thousands of artillery rounds, air defence missiles and other small but necessary items of equipment that positions the UK as one of the biggest and most influential of Ukraine’s donors.
The UK is also the only country to have trained soldiers, sailors, aviators and Marines in support of the Ukrainian effort; we have now trained over 50,000 soldiers, sailors, aviators and Marines since 2014.
Events in the middle east have dominated the headlines, but in the Ministry of Defence and across the UK Government—and, clearly, in His Majesty’s Opposition, as they brought forward this urgent question—Ukraine remains a focus.
I think that seeing this very timely question will matter enormously to our friends and colleagues in Kyiv.
I remain every bit as confident  today as I have been on all my previous visits to the Dispatch Box over the last two years that Ukraine can and will prevail.
Members from across the House, and people across the world, are rightly focused on the middle east after Hamas’s horrific attacks.
That terrorism must be condemned, civilians must be protected, humanitarian corridors must be opened, international law must be followed, and escalation risks must be managed.
I welcome the Defence Secretary’s Gulf visit later this week, and I hope that he will report back to us in the House.
I also welcome President Biden’s oval office address, in which he said:
“Hamas and Putin represent different threats, but they share this in common: they both want to completely annihilate a neighbouring democracy”.
Today lets President Putin know that the UK remains focused on, and united in, solidarity with Ukraine.
Last week, as the Minister said, we passed the grim 600-day milestone since Putin’s illegal invasion of Ukraine.
War still rages, cities are still bombed, and civilians are still raped and killed.
Ukraine has made important gains in recent days on the Dnipro river.
Will the Minister update the House on that?
I am proud of the UK leadership on Ukraine, but we must work to maintain that leadership and accelerate support.
I fear that UK momentum is flagging.
There has been no statement on Ukraine to Parliament from the new Defence Secretary since his appointment in August, and no statement from any Defence Secretary in this House since May.
Labour backs the recent announcements on UK military aid, the new British Army training to protect critical infrastructure, and the £100 million, raised with allies, that will come from the International Fund for Ukraine, but Ukrainians are asking for winter support, air defence, and more ammunition—and where is the UK’s planned response?
No new money for military aid for Ukraine has been committed by this Prime Minister.
The £2.3 billion for this year was pledged by his predecessor, and the £2.3 billion for last year was pledged by her predecessor.
This year’s money runs out in March.
Seven months after announcing £2 billion for UK stockpiles in the spring Budget, not a penny has been spent and not a single contract signed.
Why?
Putin must be defeated, just as Hamas must be defeated.
We must not step back.
We must stand with Ukraine for as long as it takes to win.
I echo the right hon.
Gentleman’s words about the despicable attack from Hamas and the absolute right of Israel to defend itself.
As I said, I believe strongly that it is important that Putin does not see this as a moment of opportunity to sow more chaos, and does not think that the western donor community is distracted or has a preference for supporting Israel over Ukraine.