I, too, wish to put on record my solidarity with those who are living in fear and heartbreak in Gaza and Israel.
The withdrawal from Afghanistan was an absolute debacle.
It is a continuing source of shame to this country that so many people who helped us, trusted us, relied on us, have been absolutely abandoned.
We are hearing horrifying reports from those who have done the right thing and taken terrible risks to escape to Pakistan, who are now living in constant fear of arrest or deportation because this Government have left them in limbo.
My question is simple: how many are still waiting and how much longer will they have to wait?
Respectfully, we have not left them in limbo.
The situation is extremely difficult.
It is difficult because of the depredations of—let me be very clear—the tyrannical regime of the Taliban; that is why we are in this situation.
We have relocated more than 21,000 people, and we continue to work at pace with our mission in Pakistan and elsewhere to ensure that these people, despite the local troubles and difficulties, get the support they need.
What steps his Department is taking to support the monitoring of potential human rights abuses in (a) Israel and (b) the Occupied Palestinian Territories.
What diplomatic steps he is taking to help ensure access to Gaza by humanitarian organisations.
What diplomatic steps he is taking with his international counterparts to help open humanitarian corridors in Gaza.
What steps his Department is taking to help ensure the safety of (a) Palestinian and (b) Israeli civilians in the Gaza-Israel conflict.
What diplomatic steps he is taking to help ensure access to Gaza by humanitarian organisations.
What diplomatic steps he is taking to help ensure access to Gaza by humanitarian organisations.
I talk to Martin Griffiths, the head of the UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, almost every day, and on Friday I attended a meeting with development Ministers convened by Samantha Power, the head of the United States Agency for International Development.
How are the Foreign Secretary and his Ministers working with international counterparts to prevent any deliberate targeting of civilians and civilian infrastructure in Israel and Palestine?
By drawing all parties’ attention to the international rules of war.
At a vigil outside Parliament this morning, the names of some of the more than 2,000 children killed so far in Gaza were read out.
Children in Gaza have begun writing their names on their hands so that they can be identified and buried with their families when they are killed.
What action are the Government taking to prevent more children being harmed in Israel’s military action and to ensure a rapid end to this conflict?
The Prime Minister set out yesterday very clearly what our policy is.
We are doing everything we can to protect children.
British aid is already making a difference by supporting the international relief effort, which is going in through Rafah.
I completely endorse what my hon.
Friend  the Member for Lewisham, Deptford (Vicky Foxcroft)  just said about the impact on children.
Trucks at the Rafah crossing are welcome, but the aid getting through is nowhere near enough to avert humanitarian catastrophe in Gaza.
Fuel is urgently needed for the desalination plants that would ensure drinking water and for the energy generators that would power hospitals, which would prevent huge loss of life.
Why is that fuel not being allowed through?
The hon.
Lady is entirely right that the Rafah crossing is currently the only way we can get food and relief supplies in.
Supplies are coming to El Arish, but the number of trucks going through every day is far too small.
We will continue to press all the relevant authorities to allow humanitarian support and aid of the type she describes through the Rafah crossing to help those whose circumstances are precisely as she describes.