George Mitchell, the great American peacemaker, said that diplomacy was
“700 days of failure and one day of success”.
Labour recognises the hard, quiet diplomacy required to secure the release of hostages and eventually long-term peace, but in this bloody war we cannot afford 700 days without success.
Overnight, we saw reports of the possible release of 50 hostages, only to learn that those talks had stumbled.
Can the Foreign Secretary update the House on the progress to secure the release of all the 200 hostages so cruelly taken by Hamas terrorists?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for the calm professionalism that he has displayed throughout.
I can assure him and the House that this remains an absolute focus of our attention.
It was raised by the Prime Minister, by me, by my right hon.
Friend the Development Minister and by others in our bilateral conversations with leaders around the region, and I can assure the right hon.
Gentleman that we will stay relentlessly focused on this.
The situation in Gaza is heartbreaking and deeply troubling.
Does the Foreign Secretary agree that Israel must follow the laws of war by taking every possible step to protect civilians and by ensuring that aid is rapid, safe and unhindered, that blocks to water, food, medicines and fuel are lifted immediately, and that Palestinians who are forced to flee are not permanently displaced?
Does he also agree that upholding these laws is not just a legal and moral obligation, but necessary to prevent Israel’s campaign from undermining long-term prospects for peace and stability.
I can assure the right hon.
Gentleman that that is exactly the tone of the conversations we are having.
The preservation of civilian life remains a priority, and we discuss this regularly and at every level with the  Israeli Government.
Of course we reflect on the point that Israel itself—as well as the countries in the near neighbourhood—is trying to prevent this from becoming a regional conflict.
As I say, professionalism and restraint by the Israeli Defence Forces are an important part of preventing this from becoming a regional conflict.
I call the Scottish National party spokesperson.
Has the Secretary of State seen any evidence, been made aware of any evidence or had reasonable grounds to believe that Israel has breached international humanitarian law in its response to the Hamas atrocities on  7 October ?
I am not in a position, and indeed it is not my role, to make an assessment of the interpretation of events that are unfolding as we speak.
There will, of course, be assessments of the nature of international humanitarian law.
We are trying to make sure that, in all of its actions for its legitimate self-defence, Israel abides by international law.
If it is not the Foreign Secretary’s responsibility to make that assessment, I wonder whose it is.
He knows that international humanitarian law is unambiguous in saying that the collective punishment of a civilian population is illegal.
Is he telling us that he is unaware, or has seen no evidence, that people have been forced from their homes and that their water, food, power and access to medicine have been cut off?
Or is he actually saying that all of this has happened but the UK Government have unilaterally decided that international humanitarian law does not apply to this conflict?
The hon.
Gentleman undermines his own question by making the assertion that his interpretation of international humanitarian law is, by default, one to which I have to subscribe.
His definition of what is happening is not one that I necessarily agree with.
Whether he has received reports on the potential role of Iran in providing financial and other support for Hamas for terrorist attacks on Israel.
Whether he has received reports on the potential involvement of Iran in providing support for Hamas for terror attacks on Israel.
Hamas is responsible for these appalling terrorist attacks.