Lady knows, we do not comment on future sanctions or proscription designations.
Following on from the question of  the hon.
Member for Oxford West and Abingdon (Layla Moran) , I emphasise that Labour has been calling on the Government for many months to proscribe the IRGC.
Evidence is emerging of Iranian involvement in the Hamas terrorist attack in Israel.
We also understand that the United States has called on the United Kingdom to follow its example.
I therefore press the Foreign Secretary: when will the Government act, by using either existing terrorism legislation or a new process of proscription directed at the IRGC?
I remind the House that the IRGC—as well as certain individuals who are members of it—is sanctioned in its entirety.
As I said in response to the question of  the hon.
Member for Oxford West and Abingdon (Layla Moran) , no international measure comes without cost.
There are advantages and disadvantages to proscription, which fundamentally would mean that we could have no direct diplomatic relations with Iran.
As I have said, we always take those issues seriously, and any decision will be made cross-Government, but we do not speculate on future sanctions or proscription designations.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to provide rapid resettlement routes under pathway 3 of the Afghan citizens resettlement scheme.
The FCDO has referred more than 1,450 people under ACRS pathway 3 to the Home Office.
We are supporting more than 900 Afghans in third countries, for instance with accommodation, and we are grateful to Pakistan for the work we do together to that end.
Of course, we remain committed to relocating all eligible Afghan families to the UK.
We are working closely with the Home Office and the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities to ensure that they all have suitable accommodation on arrival.
Before I ask my supplementary question, I would like to put on record that my thoughts are with everyone who is affected by the disturbing scenes we have witnessed in Israel and Palestine.
Shortly after the evacuation in Afghanistan, I told Ministers that many of my constituents have relatives in Afghanistan who work for the British Government.
What is the Minister doing to keep the Government’s promise of further support for those who helped the UK’s mission in Afghanistan?
We continue our diplomatic efforts, including through supporting those Afghans in third countries.
We have relocated more than 21,000 Afghans under the Afghans relocations and assistance policy—ARAP—and the ACRS, and we will continue to do that.
Last week, the Government made the right decision to lift the quota for pathway 3, thus allowing all eligible British Council contractors to come to the UK.
However, many contractors and their families are waiting in Pakistan for clearance to come to the UK because accommodation has yet to be arranged.
May I urge the Government to resolve that housing issue urgently, given the Pakistani authorities’ threat to return the contractors to Afghanistan next month?
That would be a disaster, and we need to sort it out now.
We are acutely aware of the challenge to which my hon.
Friend alludes.
We are working at pace with our mission in Pakistan and we are seized of the natural justice required and the fact that we need to do our duty to those people.
That is why the full pace of our institutional effort is focused on doing just that.
We look forward to keeping colleagues updated.
I call the shadow Minister.
I, too, wish to put on record my solidarity with those who are living in fear and heartbreak in Gaza and Israel.
The withdrawal from Afghanistan was an absolute debacle.
It is a continuing source of shame to this country that so many people who helped us, trusted us, relied on us, have been absolutely abandoned.