Friend that we always ensure that UK aid money is protected from misappropriation.
I can confirm to him and the House that no British aid money goes directly to the Palestinian Authority.
We have raised this issue with the Palestinian  Authority and highlighted our belief that it is not conducive to good relations and a future two-state solution.
What are the prospects of a two-state solution, given the pace of Israeli settlements on the west bank?
The Government’s long-standing position is that we oppose settlement expansion, for the reasons I have highlighted extensively in the conversations that I have had with the Israeli Government and the leadership of countries in the region.
Despite the terrible circumstances we are experiencing, there is a renewed desire for a meaningful resolution that means that the terrible images that we saw on  7 October  will never be repeated.
Close to 1,000 constituents have contacted me, deeply concerned about the situation in Gaza, the humanitarian crisis that is unfolding and the need for a ceasefire.
Nearly 5,000 people have died in Gaza, including 1,700 children.
While the whole House rightly condemned the Hamas atrocities, we must be unequivocal in our condemnation of violations of international law.
Will the Foreign Secretary set out in what circumstances he believes it is legal for Israel to cut off water, fuel, food and electricity in Gaza?
There is always much debate in this House about the interpretation of international humanitarian law.
I have raised directly with my Israeli counterparts the need, in whatever actions they take to secure their protection, defend Israeli citizens and secure the release of hostages, for them to act in accordance with international law.
I have received assurances from the Israeli President to that effect.
There have been countless reiterations from the Israeli authorities, including in a joint speech with the Prime Minister last week, that they are taking precautions to avoid civilian casualties.
However, more than 4,650 Palestinians have been killed in Gaza in the last 16 days.
Palestinian lives matter, so what more action, other than just repeating promises about civilian protection, is the Foreign Secretary’s Department taking meaningfully to ensure that innocent Palestinians are kept safe?
I am on record mourning the Palestinian lives that have been lost in this conflict, just as we mourn, and I mourn, the loss of Israeli lives in this terrible situation.
I can assure the hon.
Gentleman that the UK Government take the loss of life, from whichever community, incredibly seriously.
I remind the hon.
Gentleman and the House that Hamas routinely and consciously put civilians in harm’s way, specifically to generate fatalities that they then use as part of their media operations.
We are conscious of that and the Israeli armed forces are conscious of that—that is why, they explained to me, they have given notice of future areas of military operation.
We have seen evidence that Hamas are routinely preventing Palestinians from leaving areas that are going to be engaged by the Israeli Defence Forces.
In contrast to the last two questions from the Opposition Benches, I thank my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State and our Prime Minister  for their important recent visits to our ally Israel.
The Government’s unequivocal message that Israel has the right and must be able to defend itself against the Hamas terrorist group is right and just.
What steps is my right hon.
Friend taking to support Israel in its efforts to secure the release of the 200-plus captives still held in Gaza, including any British citizens?
Can the Secretary of State ensure that they receive immediate assistance from the international Red Cross?
My hon.
Friend reminds the House that the Government remain focused on the protection of British nationals in Israel, the west bank and, of course, Gaza.