Friend will have heard the answer that I gave some minutes ago.
The work that we are doing, in close co-ordination with the Home Secretary and her team, to ensure that communities here in the UK feel safe and secure remains an absolute priority   for us.
Limiting, and ideally stopping, the ability of organisations and countries to fund terrorism will remain a priority for us.
The United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights said yesterday that an immediate and
“broad humanitarian ceasefire is essential for both Gaza and Israel”
and that
“if more aid for Gazans, including fuel, medicine, food and water, does not arrive in days…many more people in Gaza will die.”
He added:
“The violence will never end unless leaders stand up and take the brave and humane choices that are required by fundamental humanity.”
Will the Secretary of State heed those calls from the international community and support an immediate humanitarian ceasefire?
In order to have a ceasefire, all parties have to agree to it.
I refer the hon.
Gentleman to other answers that have been given during this session of questions.
We are doing everything we can to address the humanitarian problem that he sets out, and we will continue to do so.
Building on the legacy of successive Governments on the threat of antimicrobial resistance, will my right hon.
Friend commit to building a coalition of higher-income countries pledging to improve access to antibiotics, diagnostics, education and prevention, which we all know are vital to stopping AMR?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right: AMR is the third biggest killer now.
Meetings took place at the UN General Assembly, and I was there in April attending an AMR meeting.
We will do everything we can, and we are greatly enhanced in our abilities by the presence of Sally Davies, who is an envoy on AMR.
I can tell my hon.
Friend that this has the absolute attention of the Government.
Fifty thousand women in Gaza are pregnant, with 5,000 due to give birth now in truly hellish circumstances.
If bombing a hospital is, as the Minister just said, a war crime, how would he describe the deliberate withholding of fuel to power those hospitals and keep them working?
The hon.
Lady is ingeniously asking the same question that she asked earlier.
I can tell her that we are doing everything we can to address the issue she has raised.
It is as much a concern to us as it is to her, and we will continue to do that.
It is vital for peace that the rule of law is established and upheld in both Palestine and Israel.
Has my right hon.
Friend made an assessment of whether the weakening of the judiciary in Israel will impact on legal decisions relating to the Israel defence forces’ rules of engagement in the current conflict?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point.
While I was in Israel prior to the  7 October  incidents, we of course discussed the proposals for judicial reform.
Those proposals have not yet been taken forward by the Israeli Government, but I can assure her and the House that we remain committed to international law and will always communicate that to all parties involved.
If Government will not back an actual ceasefire, will they at least consider supporting a humanitarian pause, to allow essential supplies to reach the 2 million civilians trapped in Gaza?
The Government, along with their partners, are doing everything to try to progress humanitarian support and supplies into Gaza.
Strong parliamentary democracy is crucial to the Commonwealth, and the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association  has a central role as one of the oldest Commonwealth institutions, with you as one of our co-presidents, Mr Speaker.
My right hon.
Friend’s Department acknowledges that new legislation is needed to recognise the CPA as an international interparliamentary organisation, to keep it headquartered here in the UK.