We will be represented at senior ministerial level at the Security Council later today.
We want to take action that will actually deliver aid and support to the Palestinian people who are suffering in Gaza.
Seven years ago, my Dartford constituent George Lowe was brutally murdered in Cyprus.
We know who the killers are, and the Cypriot police know who the killers are, yet they have never been brought to justice.
Although I accept that this is a complicated diplomatic situation, will the Minister assure the House that the Foreign Office will not rest until justice for George Lowe is forthcoming?
My sincere condolences go out to George Lowe’s family.
Consular staff remain in contact with the Cypriot authorities and the family on this case.
We passed to the Cypriot authorities a letter from George’s family regarding the investigation, and have followed up for a response, most recently on  5 October .
I am very grateful for my hon.
Friend’s advocacy in this case.
We will, of course, keep in touch to see what we can do.
I call the shadow Minister.
On  27 June , this House passed Labour’s motion calling on the Government to bring forward within 90 days legislation to seize and repurpose Russian state assets for Ukraine’s recovery, but it has now been 120 days since that motion was passed and we have heard nothing but vague words.
When will the Foreign Secretary do what Labour has called for and deliver what Ukraine needs by taking difficult but necessary steps to ensure that Russia pays?
The state seizure of private assets is a serious act that we typically condemn in other countries.
The Government have made it absolutely clear that the people who are responsible for brutalising Ukraine will ultimately pay for its reconstruction.
Does my right hon.
Friend the Foreign Secretary agree that one of the most important messages that Palestinians need to hear from the international community right now is that the two-state solution is not dead?
Will he say a bit more about his discussions with Israeli counterparts on what more can be done to resuscitate faith and optimism in a two-state solution?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right: the prospect of a peaceful and secure Israel alongside a peaceful and secure Palestine—a two-state solution—is our best route to navigate these terrible situations successfully, and it will remain at the heart of UK foreign policy in the region.
Does the Minister agree that the delivery of fuel supplies into Gaza is essential to prevent further humanitarian catastrophe and to ensure that the delivery of aid achieves its full impact?
We are doing everything we can.
The hon.
Gentleman will understand that these are complex negotiations, both to get the food and other humanitarian supplies into the region and to deliver them to those who need them.
All I can assure him of is that all those negotiations are taking place with vigour and speed.
On my recent visit to the Pinner United synagogue, I heard from constituents about the impact of the Hamas terrorist attack on their family and friends in Israel.
Will my right hon.
Friend restate the commitment that we all share to ensure that promoters of terror are unable to do their work from the sanctuary of safe countries such as ours?
To that end, will he work with our allies to proscribe the activities of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps?
With regard to the proscription of the IRGC, my hon.
Friend will have heard the answer that I gave some minutes ago.
The work that we are doing, in close co-ordination with the Home Secretary and her team, to ensure that communities here in the UK feel safe and secure remains an absolute priority   for us.
Limiting, and ideally stopping, the ability of organisations and countries to fund terrorism will remain a priority for us.