It is important that when we stand up in this House, we show Putin our resolve to support the Ukrainians for as long as it takes, with whatever it takes, even if that takes years, because Putin must not think the west will lose patience.
Depriving Russia of the revenue from oil sales is a central platform of the west’s response to its invasion of Ukraine.
Twelve months ago, significant efforts were made which had a significant effect.
However, at the NATO Parliamentary Assembly a few weeks ago, we heard evidence that all the blockades have now been circumvented and that Russia’s oil revenue has increased.
What action is my right hon.
Friend taking to work with international allies to see what else can be done in this dynamic environment?
Clearly, it is a cause of enormous concern when international sanctions regimes are not working as intended.
If I may, I will follow up with my right hon.
Friend and his colleagues in the Parliamentary Assembly to understand exactly what it was that they heard.
I will then speak to colleagues in the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office about it, and perhaps write to him and his Parliamentary Assembly colleagues with a Government response.
At the end of last month, the Defence Secretary suggested that the UK training of Ukrainian troops could be moved in-country into Ukraine.
He also suggested that there might be a possibility of UK warships on the Black sea.
Can the Minister say whether those plans still stand?
I heard a slightly different statement, and one that I think is self-evidently true.
In a post-war Ukraine, the UK will absolutely seek to demonstrably support Ukrainian security on land, at sea and in the air, but obviously that is not something that we would do while a conflict is still live, for very obvious reasons.
I welcome the Government’s commitment to Ukraine and I am proud that Stevenage-based MBDA supplies Storm Shadow and Brimstone missiles, but we know from a recent report by the Royal United Services Institute’s open-source intelligence and analysis team that North Korea is now massively supplying Russia.
Are there any plans to work with international partners to try to disrupt that supply or increase our supplies?
There are a number of outcomes that one might say reflect strategic defeat for Putin: Finland and Sweden joining NATO; growing distrust of Russia throughout its near abroad; and more recently its having to go to countries such as North Korea cap in hand to seek weapons because it is unable to sustain its own arms industry.
That is not to mention the rapidly  changing dynamic between Russia and China.
Of course, the UK and our allies look at ways of disrupting Russian supply chains, but that would not necessarily be a matter we would discuss any further in public.
The Minister will have heard concern raised in a number of places about the potential for a loss of focus or a lack of resolve, given the pivot of interest and attention to the middle east and the harrowing scenes over the last fortnight.
He has robustly responded to those concerns.
A second element of concern—he invoked the spectre of our main ally, the United States—is the political turmoil and turbulence that appears to be going on in the US Congress and the dissolution of the resolve that was rightly there for Ukraine in certain political circles.
I am not asking the Minister to solve that as a problem, but is he concerned by it and can he assure the House that, from the engagement he has had with his counterparts in the United States, in the Executive tier their resolve is undiminished and they will find the resource to continue their support for Ukraine?
The Secretary of State was in Washington last week.
Indeed, his meeting was the third he has had with Secretary Austin since he was appointed.