Can the Secretary of State ensure that they receive immediate assistance from the international Red Cross?
My hon.
Friend reminds the House that the Government remain focused on the protection of British nationals in Israel, the west bank and, of course, Gaza.
It would be inappropriate for me to go into detail, but I can assure him and the House that we speak with all parties who we believe could have influence on those holding hostages: Hamas, Palestinian Islamic Jihad and others.
It is incredibly difficult.
We do not have direct lines of communications, but we will not rest—we will not rest—in trying to secure the release of hostages and the evacuation of British nationals from Gaza.
I am clear that the international community, backed by the UN, must now work together to dial down the rhetoric, open humanitarian corridors, encourage restraint and protect life.
Will the Foreign Secretary commit the UK to expanding the Abraham accords as a priority, which will not only bring strategic partners to the table but may offer a future peace between Israel and Palestine?
I have said regularly how much I value the Abraham accords.
The improving of relationships between Israel and the Arab nations in its near neighbourhood is an extremely positive step.
There is a realistic belief that part of the aim of the attack of  7 October  was to derail future normalisation and negotiations.
Again, I think that highlights the fact that Hamas are not a friend to the Palestinian people.
They are not trying to improve relationships between Israel and the Arab world.
They brought down the Oslo agreements, and they have consistently blocked all attempts to normalise relationships between Israel and the wider Arab world.
We must not let them win in that endeavour, and we must work to bring peace between the Palestinian people and the Israelis.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
I have been inundated with emails from constituents terrified for the future of the internally displaced Palestinians in Gaza.
Since  7 October , nearly 600,000 internally displaced persons have been sheltering in 150 United Nations Relief and Works Agency facilities, 35 UNRWA staff have been killed, and 40 UNRWA installations have been damaged.
When the ground invasion inevitably starts, where are these people meant to go?
Who is expected to host them?
Who will administer them, and where will the support come from?
Finally and fundamentally, what does the Foreign Secretary believe is the Israeli politicians’ long-term objective?
All the conversations that we have had with Israel, with Egypt and with intermediaries who are able to maintain lines of communication with  Hamas have been about the preservation of human life.
Let me put this on the record once again: we completely support Israel’s right, and indeed duty, of self-defence.
We are only just starting to see the scale of the brutality.
Video evidence retrieved from those individuals who brutalised and murdered Israeli citizens on  7 October  has now been put in the public domain, and it is worse than any of us could have imagined.
We absolutely stand by Israel’s right to self-defence, and we have said that we want to work with Israel, with Egypt, with the countries in the near neighbourhood and, of course, with those who are the de facto Government in Gaza to minimise civilian casualties.
We have had that commitment from Israel; we have had no such commitment from Hamas.
Since I raised this question with the Prime Minister last week, indiscriminate airstrikes and a total siege blocking food, water and medical supplies have killed thousands of innocent Palestinian men and women and more than 1,000 children.
Let us be absolutely clear in this House: this is now beyond a humanitarian catastrophe.
Even as we stand here today, innocent blood continues to be spilt on the streets of Gaza, and mosques, churches, schools, hospitals, bakeries, water plants and homes continue to be flattened by the Israeli military.