Lady is entirely right that the Rafah crossing is currently the only way we can get food and relief supplies in.
Supplies are coming to El Arish, but the number of trucks going through every day is far too small.
We will continue to press all the relevant authorities to allow humanitarian support and aid of the type she describes through the Rafah crossing to help those whose circumstances are precisely as she describes.
With thousands of innocent civilians dead, tens of thousands injured, hundreds of thousands displaced and a denial of humanitarian need, what level of civilian suffering will it take before this Government back calls for a ceasefire?
The hon.
Gentleman sets out the tremendous suffering that is happening, but he, like me, will agree with the Prime Minister that the source of this was the appalling terrorist, murderous action by Hamas, which, as the Foreign Secretary said a few minutes ago, killed more Jewish people than on any day since the second world war and the holocaust.
As the fighting continues, the UN estimates that about 160 women will give birth every day in Gaza; meanwhile the lives of at least 120 newborns in incubators are at risk due to lack of power, fuel, medicine and water.
These women and children are not terrorists.
Will the Secretary of State listen to the increasing calls for a ceasefire, which would be the best way to ensure the release of hostages, who are in a terrible situation, and the delivery of aid for Palestinian citizens?
On delivering aid and support, I had the opportunity to meet a very large number of the British charities and non-governmental organisations that are trying to help in Gaza, and I keep in very close touch with them.
On the issue of access and support through these trusted agencies, we will do everything that we can to help.
Thousands of innocent people have been killed, and aid workers are included in that devastating loss.
UN experts on the ground have given repeated warnings that the current Israeli military strategy could lead to the permanent ethnic cleansing of Palestinians.
Yesterday, the Prime Minister said at the Dispatch Box that there were mechanisms to deal with breaches of international law.
Can the Minister tell us more on what the Government are doing to support independent investigations and the International Criminal Court?
The answer to the hon.
Lady’s perfectly proper question is that international and legal organisations all around the world will be looking at this and giving their opinions.
People in Cheadle are deeply concerned about the humanitarian situation in Gaza and welcome the doubling of aid that was announced by the Prime Minister.
However, we know that Hamas have a history of diverting and misusing aid that is given to them for their own terrorist purposes.
What steps can we take to ensure that this much-needed aid gets to the people in need?
My hon.
Friend is quite right to warn about the proper use of aid.
I can tell her that this is probably the most scrutinised programme of humanitarian relief and support that Britain has.
If ever we see anything that we think is untoward, we immediately stop using that group.
None the less, we operate through trusted partners, and the proof is that they are trusted and are partners.
Last week, the United Nations Relief and Works Agency stated that Hamas had stolen fuel, medical supplies and food intended for Palestinians.
It then subsequently deleted that statement, but the way that Hamas have repeatedly compromised UNRWA operations in Gaza has been well-documented in recent years.
What assurances  can my right hon.
Friend give that that aid will be targeted correctly and will reach the people who so desperately need it?
My right hon.