Every respected climate body has warned of the dangers of this approach, so at the climate talks why should any other country listen to this Government when their policies are not compatible with the UK’s own climate commitments?
Of course we are committed to doing other things as well, which is what I am reiterating.
We have a commitment to making sure that we learn from research and development, and that we are looking at offshore wind, but we also need to be realistic, which is why we are looking at oil and gas.
It will have an impact on the economy and it will help towards a greener economy because of the investment that will be made through the oil and gas finance.
Climate change is the single biggest threat to humanity, and I will be looking forward to attending COP28 myself.
I am pleased that it is taking place in the middle east, given the need to transition away from fossil fuels.
We seem to forget our own history, because it was us—in Persia, in Mesopotamia and on the Arab peninsula—that got the middle east on to the road of oil and gas exploration.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that we are able to get our CO2 emissions down today because of the offshore wind farms in the English channel, and that those are the result of a lot of investment from the United Arab Emirates?
It is always a great pleasure to listen to my right hon.
Friend, who reminds us of the history and of how we got to this point.
However, we need to acknowledge all the good things that we are doing, and I reiterate that we are looking at ensuring sure that we have a secure energy future.
Is it not just a little bit embarrassing that as Ministers head to the Gulf for COP, the European Marine Energy Centre in my constituency is having to consult on downsizing and restructuring because the Minister’s colleagues in the Department of Levelling Up, Housing and Communities have been unable to provide the three-year funding stream that they had previously undertaken to provide?
Will she speak to her colleagues in DLUHC to ensure that some certainty on that money  can be given, and that the centre can continue its genuinely world-leading work on the development of marine renewable energy?
That is obviously not my Department, but I would be happy to take that away and facilitate a meeting, or indeed have a meeting myself.
New research by Ulster University finds that over 60% of homes in Northern Ireland will need to be retrofitted if we are to have a chance of meeting our net zero targets, and that at the current rate of retrofitting we have no chance of meeting our 2030 goals.
Does the Minister believe that the support available to providers, such as the Northern Ireland Housing Executive and housing associations across the region, is adequate to allow them to tackle the climate breakdown and fuel poverty?
Further, knowing the impact of climate change on the poorest countries in the world, will the Government finally make real the loss and damage fund to help those most affected to adapt and mitigate, and will she ensure that that fund is new money and not just a raid on existing pressed aid budgets?
With the hon.
Lady’s permission, I would prefer to write to her, because parts of those questions are slightly outside my remit.
However, I reiterate that one of the things we are determined to do is tackle fuel poverty.
That is one of the reasons why we have a commitment to do this.
Also, there is a lot of support that people can get, and I would encourage everybody to get what they are entitled to.