With Labour, Britain would lead the world at COP.
Labour is ready to lead; is the Minister?
As I have mentioned, we do take this issue incredibly seriously.
If I think about some of the facts, as the hon.
Member rightly mentioned, at the G20 the Prime Minister announced $2 billion to the green climate fund.
That is the biggest single funding commitment that the UK has made to help the world tackle climate change.
Half of that contribution will go to adaptation.
We are committed, and that is why we have a presence at COP28.
The House will see that senior members of the UK Government are there, as well as King Charles.
This country has one of the strongest records in the world on reducing emissions, not least given our very successful COP26 summit in Glasgow.
What progress is being made on delivering the historic commitment to tackling deforestation made by the leaders at that summit?
I pay tribute to the work that my right hon.
Friend has done on this subject.
I will need to get back to her with the exact figures on deforestation, if I may.
One of the things that the UK Government are doing at COP28 is making sure that we hit the five key areas of progress: finance, global stocktake, mitigation, adaptation, and loss and damage—and, within that, nature.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
The UK Government’s series of U-turns on net zero targets has put our ability to meet them at risk.
The Scottish Government are committed to meeting our more ambitious targets, but Europe and the United States are leading the way as this place lags behind, in turn holding Scotland back.
Can the Minister confirm whether the new Foreign Secretary, who famously decided to “cut the green crap”, will be attending COP26?
That move cost UK households £2.5 billion in extra energy costs.
I reassure the hon.
Gentleman that we are committed to ensuring we hit all those targets.
As of September 2022, more than 130 countries, accounting for around 85% of global emissions and more than 90% of global GDP, were covered by net zero commitments.
We are committed to making sure that we hit those targets, and that is demonstrated by our attendance at COP28 and the measures we are taking to ensure we meet the climate challenges.
The Government’s “Mobilising green investment” strategy, published in March, set out that we need $1 trillion a year in green  finance by 2030.
What are the Government’s ambitions at COP28 to agree funding anywhere close to that level?
What more can we do to get our private sector and pension schemes to contribute to that?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
We will have those discussions over the two weeks of COP28.
We are trying to ensure that we hit all the global targets, too.
I am sure that those conversations will come up, and we can have a discussion on them later.
The Minister can talk the talk, but it is action that counts.
Businesses across every sector, as well as experts in the field, have reacted with horror to this Government’s backsliding and roll-backs on climate action and net zero.
In fact, Aviva’s chief executive, Amanda Blanc, said that the Government were putting our climate goals as a country “under threat” and therefore jobs, growth and investment at risk.
Does the Minister recognise the damage that is doing both at home and to our global standing?
One of the things that this Government are committed to is ensuring that we have skills in place and that the economy is going in the right direction.
We are proud of our record, and our commitment to making sure we get to net zero is demonstrated in all the things we have been doing.
We are international leaders—world leaders—in our commitment to ensuring that we hit those targets.