I am sure that at the end you will want to raise a point of order.
That is the time—you cannot have a second bite of the cherry.
I went out of my way to ensure that this issue was covered, so please—I am sure other Members will ask questions, and it is up to the Minister how she answers them.
I am not responsible for that.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, for granting this second opportunity for the House to discuss COP28.
At the debate on  16 November , when the Government granted a full day’s debate, only three Back Benchers spoke—me, and the hon.
Members for Putney (Fleur Anderson) and for Strangford (Jim Shannon).
There was not a sign of  the hon.
Member for Brighton, Pavilion (Caroline Lucas) , who is now complaining about the responses to her questions.
By the way, the debate on  16 November  finished early because of how few people spoke.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that “vote blue, go green” is the best way to deliver net zero?
Does she recognise that nature-based solutions are vital to achieve net zero?
Does this not just show again that the Green party is all talk and absolutely no action?
As I have said, it is incredibly important that we head towards our commitments.
Between 1990 and 2021, we cut UK emissions by 48% while growing the economy.
I agree with my right hon.
Friend that if we trust this Government to deliver, we will ensure we are heading on the right path.
The other thing to mention is that net zero is an engine for growth and the revitalisation of formerly industrialised areas of the UK.
Cutting emissions is important not just for the climate, but for our economy.
I call the shadow Minister.
The UN has warned that the world is on course for a catastrophic 2.8°C of warming, in part because promises made at COP26 and COP27 have not been fulfilled.
We are running out of last chances.
We know what we need to do and we know how to do it, but where is the sense of urgency?
The Prime Minister was shamed into attending COP last year.
I would have thought he would be ashamed to be there this year, after his climate climbdown last month derailed momentum at exactly the wrong time.
The world needs climate leadership.
Does the Minister think it is acceptable for the Prime Minister to sabotage the UK’s history of climate leadership with his cynical backtracking on net zero?
Labour will be going to COP with a message that the UK can be a climate leader again and that, in doing so, we will cut energy bills and boost energy independence at home, which this Government have conspicuously failed to do.
Labour will put the UK back in a position of leadership and establish a clean power alliance.
We will pledge to issue no new oil, gas or coal licences and set an example with our mission for clean power by 2030.
What example does it set if the current UK Government ignore the science and global consensus on fossil fuels, especially when the Energy Secretary admits that her policy will not even cut bills?
Labour will also be working for multilateral development bank reform to help developing countries access capital, as well as championing the UK as the future green finance capital of the world, with mandatory 1.5°C-aligned transition plans for FTSE 100 companies and financial institutions.
Can the Minister tell me what the Government will be doing to advance that agenda?
There is so much more that the UK can and must do to reduce emissions and deliver energy security, to cut energy bills and to back British industry.
With Labour, Britain would lead the world at COP.
Labour is ready to lead; is the Minister?
As I have mentioned, we do take this issue incredibly seriously.