Gentleman has put his concerns on the record, and I believe the Minister may wish to make a quick point.
Further to that point of order, Madam Deputy Speaker.
The hon.
Member for Bootle (Peter Dowd)  was kind enough to notify me of his intention to make a point of order and I have already begun the process of looking into it.
It is fair to say that he is a friend of mine, although I know that many will hold that against him.
He is merely doing his job, and I will make sure that that continues.
I was about to say that the hon.
Gentleman might want to consider raising the issue with Ministers, but that has already happened.
I am grateful to the Minister, and I am sure that the issue will be considered between the two of them.
On a point of order, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I was very grateful to Mr Speaker for granting my urgent question, but do you have any advice on what can be done when a Minister simply refuses to answer a single question and essentially abuses the procedures of the House?
I asked 12 questions in good faith.
The Minister was on her feet for 49 seconds, during which time we learned that the Secretary of State is at COP, that there is a Department for Energy Security and Net Zero, and that the Minister’s granddaughter cares a lot about the planet.
That is all very fascinating but it did not answer a single one of my questions.
How can we do our jobs as Members holding the Government to account when Ministers can stand at the Dispatch Box for 49 seconds and not answer a single question on an issue deemed worthy of an urgent question?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her point of order, but I am not responsible for the answers given by Ministers.
I believe the Minister would like to say something.
Further to that point of order, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I believed  that I had answered most of the questions the hon.
Lady asked in my opening remarks.
My understanding was that I was to give a short response.
If there is anything I have not responded to, I am happy to respond in writing.
My right hon.
Friend  the Member for Suffolk Coastal (Dr Coffey)  made the important point that there have been previous debates on this issue, and I suggest that if the hon.
Lady had turned up to those debates, she would have been able to have a fuller—[Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear.”]
Order.
I thank the Minister for that response.
Both the hon.
Lady and the Minister have put their views on the record.
I am sure that there will be further opportunities after the summit for the issues to be discussed.
rose—
I do not want to prolong this exchange, but I will allow a very brief point.
On the point made by  the right hon.
Member for Suffolk Coastal (Dr Coffey)  and just now by the Minister, they will know that there is one person representing my party and I cannot be in two places at once—I am working on it!
There are 350 Conservative Members, and just one Back Bencher was at the debate last week.
I suggest that they look at getting their own house in order before criticising this side.
This is getting way beyond anything resembling a point of order, so we should move on swiftly.
Presentation and First Reading ( Standing Order No.