At COP28 we need to show progress in delivering the historic agreement that we landed in Glasgow, and we must use our UK expertise to scale green finance.
I thank the Minister for her response.
COP28 will be the most consequential climate summit since COP21 in Paris, yet we are way off track.
The UN’s recent emissions gap report warns that current pledges under the Paris agreement would see temperature rises of between 2.5°C and 2.9°C this century.
Ministers are fond of saying that the UK has the most ambitious nationally determined contribution for 2030 of any major economy, yet the Minister will also be aware of the Climate Change Committee’s recent assessment that
“the UK is unlikely to meet its NDC”.
That is not least because the committee calculates that just 28% of the required emission reductions for 2030 are covered by credible Government plans.
She will know that targets without plans are cheap.
What concrete plans do the Government have to urgently close that gap?
Does she agree that we must see an ambitious outcome from the global stocktake, with significantly strengthened 2030 NDCs and new economy-wide targets by 2025 that see the richest countries going further and faster?
Does the Minister share my outrage over reports that the UAE plans to use its role as COP28 president to secure oil and gas deals?
What assessment has she made of the impact of that on trust in the negotiations?
Will she explain why the UK is pushing for the phase-out of unabated fossil fuels, rather than of fossil fuels in their entirety?
Does she recognise the view of the High Ambition Coalition, which says that we cannot use abatement technologies to “green-light” fossil fuel expansion?
How will she ensure that any agreement that includes language on abatement has real teeth, delivers real cuts in fossil fuel production, and does not simply allow for the continuation of business as usual?
The Minister will know that a properly resourced and operational loss and damage finance fund must be a litmus test for success at COP28, but there are reports that the Government will be contributing to that fund from their existing climate finance pot.
Does she agree that we cannot tackle ever-increasing challenges from an ever-depleting pot of money?
What plans do the Government have for new and additional finance?
What innovative sources of finance are they looking at?
What assessment have they made of the impact of the UK’s reclassification of climate finance on climate vulnerable countries?
If the Government are serious about leading by example, will they finally reverse the greenlighting of the obscene Rosebank oilfield?
I reiterate that the Government take this issue incredibly seriously, and there are two ways of demonstrating that: the Minister for Energy Security and Net Zero, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Beverley and Holderness (Graham Stuart) , who usually deals with such issues, is at COP28 and ready for the conference; and we now have a distinct Department for this issue, the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero.
We know that we are leaders in the field.
I take this issue seriously, not just for the people of the United Kingdom, but for the planet as a whole.
Thinking about my granddaughter, we really do have a commitment to ensuring that we are doing everything that we can.
I call Dr Thérèse Coffey. [
Interruption.]
Order.
Ms Lucas, I have given you an urgent question.
If you have a problem—
There were no answers!
Please.
The Minister will answer as she sees fit.
I am sure that at the end you will want to raise a point of order.
That is the time—you cannot have a second bite of the cherry.
I went out of my way to ensure that this issue was covered, so please—I am sure other Members will ask questions, and it is up to the Minister how she answers them.