I thank my hon.
Friend for raising such an important issue.
My thoughts and the thoughts of the whole House will be with Abigail.
As I have said before, we support Israel’s right to defend itself, to go after Hamas and to free hostages, to deter further incursions and to strengthen its security for the long term.
We welcome the extension to the agreement to pause fighting, increase humanitarian aid and release further hostages.
Negotiations are ongoing and highly sensitive, but this has been a welcome first positive step.
We will continue to hold Iran to account for any further escalation from these groups, as well as continuing to work with partners to disrupt and deter Iran’s destabilising activities in the middle east.
I call the Leader of the Opposition.
In an effort to hide from his failures, the Prime Minister spent this week arguing about an ancient relic that only a tiny minority of the British public have any interest in—but that’s enough about the Tory party.
In 2019, they all promised the country that they would control immigration, saying “numbers will come down” and
“the British people will be in control”.
How is it going?
Let me be crystal clear.
The levels of migration are far too high and I am determined to bring them back down to sustainable levels.
That is why we have asked the Migration Advisory Committee to review certain elements of the system.
We are reviewing those findings and will bring forward next steps.
Earlier this year, we announced the toughest action ever taken to reduce legal migration.
The effects of that action are yet to be felt, but will impact 150,000 student dependants.
Forecasts show that migration is likely to drop as a result.
Up until this moment, all we have heard from the right hon.
and learned Gentleman on this topic is a secret backroom deal with the EU that would see an additional 100,000 migrants here every year.
Never mind the British Museum—it is the Prime Minister who has obviously lost his marbles.
The Greek Prime Minister came to London to meet him: a fellow NATO member, an economic ally and one of our most important partners in tackling illegal immigration.
Instead of using that meeting to discuss those serious issues, the Prime Minister tried to humiliate him and cancelled at the last minute.
Why such small politics, Prime Minister?
Of course we are always happy to discuss important topics of substance with our allies, like tackling illegal migration or strengthening our security, but when it was clear that the purpose of the meeting was not to discuss substantive issues for the future but to grandstand and relitigate issues of the past, it was not appropriate.
Furthermore, specific commitments and assurances on that topic were made to this country and then broken.
It may seem alien to the right hon.
and learned Gentleman, but in my view, when people make commitments, they should keep them.
I discussed the economy, security and immigration with the Greek Prime Minister.
I also told him we would not change the law regarding the marbles—it is not that difficult.
The reality is simple: the Prime Minister has no plan on boat crossings and migration is at a record high.
His policy is that companies can pay workers from abroad 20% less than British workers and that has contributed to those record high immigration levels, has it not?
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman talks about the boat crossings but has failed to notice that illegal boat crossings are down by a third this year, thanks to all the actions we have taken, which he opposed every single time they were raised.
No one will be surprised that he is backing an EU country over Britain.
Just last week, he was asked which song best sums up the Labour party.
What did he come up with?