What impact will the closure have on the Acorn carbon capture and storage project?
First of all, it is a very worrying time for those whose jobs are at risk at the Grangemouth refinery.
This morning, the Under-Secretary of State for Scotland, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Berwickshire, Roxburgh and Selkirk (John Lamont) , and a Minister from the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero met Neil Gray from the Scottish Government, and yesterday my hon.
Friend had a meeting with the local authority.
Work is going on.
It is ironic that the Scottish Government want to shut down oil and gas, because when that happens, people suddenly realise the need to manage a transition and take us gradually to net zero while protecting people’s livelihoods.
On Acorn and the Scottish cluster, I have spoken to the chief executive of Storegga, which is pulling the project together.
He told me that the refinery closing has little impact on its project, because Grangemouth was supplying the blue hydrogen to the refinery and others, and the emissions from that were being put into the North sea.
It is the 25th anniversary of the Scottish Parliament next year—one of the Labour party’s proudest achievements.
However, recently it has been riven by failure and scandal, from one in seven on NHS waiting lists to ferries, iPads and camper vans.
Much has been made about the dual role of the Government-appointed Lord Advocate, who sits in the Scottish Cabinet while presiding over prosecutions in Scotland.
What discussions has the Secretary of State had with the Scottish Government about Anas Sarwar’s idea to split the dual role of Scotland’s top law officer, to maintain the separation of powers between the Government and the judiciary?
As the hon.
Gentleman will know, the Director of Public Prosecutions in England is appointed by a panel, which removes the risk of perceived interference by Government.
Many learned friends have expressed their concerns to me about the structure in Scotland and the closeness between the judiciary and the Government, and I find their concerns understandable.
It is vital that the public perception is that the prosecution service is very independent from Government.
I call the Chair of the Scottish Affairs Committee.
I am sure the Secretary of State will agree that his mission to constrain and bypass the Scottish Parliament has been an absolute disaster for devolution.
Relationships across the UK have never been as such a low level.
Will he acknowledge that his version of aggressive Unionism has utterly failed?
As he is leaving his office, will he pledge to abandon it entirely?
I am not entirely sure what I have done that has been a failure, to be honest.
This Government protect devolution and the settlement.
If he is referring to the section 35 order that I used, that was in the  Scotland Act 1998 and was voted for at the time by SNP MPs.
It is there to protect devolution when a devolved Administration legislates on Great Britain or UK matters.
If he will have discussions with Cabinet colleagues on the potential merits of devolving employment law to the Scottish Government.
The UK Government have no intention of devolving legislative competence for employment rights to the Scottish Parliament.
Employers and employees benefit hugely from a single, simple system where employment rights are the same across Great Britain, whether in Derby or Dundee.
We do not see any benefit from changing that arrangement.
Devolution of employment law is supported by the Scottish Trades Union Congress, the Trades Union Congress, workers’ rights groups, a majority in the Scottish Parliament and the public.
It would benefit workers by having their Governments compete to give them better rights and preventing a race to the bottom.
What is not to like?
Why will the Secretary of State’s Government not consider it?
I refer the hon.
Gentleman to my original answer.