I pay tribute to the hon.
Gentleman’s constituent for her long service in the health service.
I assure him that we are doing everything we can to ensure the safe passage of British nationals out of Gaza.
I will ensure that the Foreign Office gets in touch with him.
All British nationals who have been registered with the Foreign Office have had significant interaction, and we have successfully ensured the safe passage of well over 200 people already.
We will continue to do everything we can for those who remain, and I will ensure that we are in touch with the hon.
Gentleman and his constituent.
Thanks to this Conservative Government, the Alexandra Hospital in Redditch has received nearly £19 million of investment, and we are boosting training places at the Three Counties Medical School.
Does the Prime Minister agree that this is the perfect time to back my campaign to bring back services, so that local mums can once again give birth in their home town and all children can be seen at the hospital, no matter the illness they are experiencing?
I know that my hon.
Friend campaigns passionately for the delivery of first-class healthcare for her constituents.
Like her, I welcome the investment that the Alexandra Hospital has had in recent years in a range of different services.
She will know that reconfigurations of services are, of course, clinically led local decisions following the appropriate  engagement with patients and stakeholders, but I know that she will continue to make her case on behalf of her community.
In June, the Canadian Prime Minister claimed that the Indian Government may be linked to the killing of Canadian Sikh activist Hardeep Singh Nijjar in Canada.
Now, it is reported that the US Government thwarted a second assassination attempt on a Canadian-American citizen on US soil, so will the Prime Minister reassure my Sikh constituents—who have raised their safety concerns with me—that this Government are taking the matter very seriously, and will he raise my constituents’ concerns with his counterpart in India?
I have already made statements on this matter, but crucially, of course, we ensure the safety of all communities in our country.
That is the first duty of government, and we will continue to do that, not just for the Sikh community but for every community here in the UK.
With both the Office for Budget Responsibility and the ONS confirming that the British economy is now substantially larger than they estimated even a few months ago, does my right hon.
Friend agree that the economy has once again proven the detractors wrong and, because unemployment is a corrosive social evil, will he do all he can to ensure that we retain record employment?
My hon.
Friend makes an excellent point.
A year ago, not just the OBR but the Bank of England, the International Monetary Fund and the OECD were all predicting that we would fall into a recession this year, but thanks to the actions of this Government and this Chancellor, we have grown the economy.
We saw that momentum carry on just in the past week with Nissan’s announcement of record investment in its new plant in Sunderland, safeguarding the future of thousands of jobs in the north-east and ensuring the transition to electric vehicles.
We also saw it in the summit we hosted, which attracted £30 billion of new investment into the UK.
As my hon.
Friend said, crucially, that investment will support thousands and thousands of jobs in our country.
There are 2,500 disused coal tips in Wales.
The Welsh Government previously asked the Treasury for £600 million to make them safe, and ahead of the autumn statement sought an initial £20 million, but this Tory Government provided nothing.
Rhondda Cynon Taf has the most high-risk coal tips of any local authority, and the spectre of Aberfan looms large over our communities.