I am pleased to have my right hon.
Friend’s advice and support on all on our measures to tackle legal and illegal migration.
As I said, we are reviewing the recommendations of the Migration Advisory Committee and we will be bringing forward measures on top of the very significant restrictions that we have already announced on student dependants.
When it comes to stopping illegal migration, I have been crystal clear that we will bring forward legislation that makes it unequivocally the case that Rwanda is safe and there will be no more ability of our domestic courts to block flights to Rwanda.
That is what our legislation will ensure.
Last week, in response to my hon.
Friend the Member for Stockton North (Alex Cunningham), the Prime Minister claimed that the “best way” to stop children living in poverty is for them to have parents who work, but over 70% of poor children already live in a home where someone goes out to work.
So I will give him another chance: can he explain why reports say that, in 2022, 1 million of our children experienced not just poverty but destitution?
No child should grow up in poverty.
That is why I am pleased that, because of the measures we have taken, 1.7 million fewer people are living in poverty today than in 2010.
I would also say to the hon.
Lady that it is crystal clear that children growing up in workless households are four or five times more likely to be in poverty.
That is what the facts say; that is why our efforts are on getting people into work and ensuring that work pays.
The actions in the autumn statement to raise the national living wage to record levels and provide a significant tax cut will do an extraordinary amount to continue lifting children out of poverty.
I call Jeremy Wright.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, for welcoming my constituent John Farringdon to Parliament this morning.
At 110 years of age, John is among my more experienced constituents, and I know that he would want me to ask the Prime Minister to join us in thanking the staff of Cubbington Mill care home for looking after him so well.
May I also ask my right hon.
Friend to try to find a moment or two to speak to John when he comes to Downing Street this afternoon?
It may be a useful conversation for those who are obsessed with the opinion polls, as John, I think it is fair to say, has some experience in surviving against the odds.
I very much hope that I have a chance to meet John later on.
I join my right hon.
and learned Friend in paying tribute to John’s care home for the incredible care that it provides.
It is great that John is here and I am sure that everyone will enjoy meeting him later today.
The Prime Minister may already be aware from his colleagues of the exceptional contribution that my constituent Dr Hadoura has made during a 30-year career in our health service.
He may also be aware that, for the past six to eight weeks, she has been frantic with worry about her 83-year-old mum, who is trapped in Palestine with a number of family members and no way out.
Will he agree to work with the Foreign Office and the Home Office, during this time of some hope in the middle east, to find an urgent way to get vulnerable people, such as Dr Hadoura’s mum, out of danger and into a safe place of refuge while we can?
Tragically, once the ceasefire ends, so too will the chance of survival for too many people in Palestine.
I pay tribute to the hon.
Gentleman’s constituent for her long service in the health service.
I assure him that we are doing everything we can to ensure the safe passage of British nationals out of Gaza.