Unabashed by that, he said that he would get control of immigration; it has gone up.
Following that experience, he turned his hand to bringing taxes down.
And, would you believe it, the tax burden is now going to be higher than ever.
It is ironic that he has suddenly taken such a keen interest in Greek culture when he has clearly become the man with the reverse Midas touch: everything he touches turns to—perhaps the Home Secretary can help me out—rubbish. [
Interruption.]
We might have to check the tape again, Mr Speaker.
Will the Prime Minister do the country a favour and warn us what he is planning next, so that we can prepare ourselves for the disaster that will inevitably follow?
More!
At the beginning of the year, we said—
More!
Order.
At the beginning of the year, we said that we would halve inflation and this Government have delivered, easing the burden of the cost of living for families everywhere.
We know about the right hon.
and learned Gentleman’s plans—all the way through that, what did he do?
He backed inflationary pay rises and talked about welfare—no controls for welfare—and about borrowing £28 billion a year that would just make the situation worse.
He mentioned tax: just this past week, we have delivered the biggest tax cuts since the 1980s for millions of people and businesses, and increased pensions and benefits.
And this week, we secured £30 billion of new investment for this country.
So he can keep trying to talk—
Order.
Can I just say to the shadow Foreign Secretary—[Interruption.]
Order.
Just a little bit quieter, please.
I want to hear.
The Government have rightly responded to the shocking and unacceptable rise in antisemitism, and we saw extra funding in the autumn statement.
I note that 44% of religiously aggravated offences last year were against the Muslim community, yet in the autumn statement there was no funding to deal with Islamophobia.
The Government’s independent adviser on Islamophobia role has been left vacant for over one year.
As the Prime Minister knows, we discussed these matters over a year ago, yet no action has taken place.
Prime Minister, enough is enough with regards to tackling anti-Muslim hatred.
Will the Government now finally take action?
We will not tolerate anti-Muslim hatred in any form, and expect it to be dealt with wherever it occurs.
I actually recently met Tell MAMA, a service that provides support to victims of anti-Muslim hatred, which we have in fact supported with over £6 million of funding since its inception.
We are in regular dialogue with it.
We have also doubled the funding for protective security measures through the protective security for mosques scheme, and we will continue to do everything we can to keep our Muslim community safe.
I call the SNP leader.
In good news for kids in Aberdeen this morning, it was snowing; when they looked out of the kitchen window, they would have been filled with delight.
But many of their parents who looked out of the kitchen window this morning would have been filled with dread—dread from knowing that they simply cannot afford to pay their energy bills.
In that context, does the Prime Minister regret offering no financial mechanism whatever for families this winter?
It is simply not right to say that there is not support for families this winter—there has been considerable support this year for energy bills.
This winter, pensioner households, for example, will receive up to £300 alongside their winter fuel payment.
They are some of the most vulnerable households, and it is right that they get that support at a difficult time.
I appreciate that it is difficult for the Prime Minister to empathise when he quite clearly cannot understand, but to be clear to him and, indeed, the whole House: this is not a matter of energy production.