It is absolutely right, though, that within that we prioritise RAAC hospitals.
That required a reprioritisation, but that was the appropriate thing to do to ensure safety.
Patients and staff are already benefiting from some of the improvements that we have made, which come on top of the largest capital programme for the NHS in its history, rolling out community diagnostic centres, urgent treatment centres and surgical hubs right across the country.
As disturbed as I was to learn that British politicians are being debanked by the National Westminster Bank, the Prime Minister can imagine my horror to find that an entire town—Bakewell in the Derbyshire dales—is being debanked by the National Westminster Bank.
In the whole of the Derbyshire dales and the Peak district, there is not a bank left.
Does my right hon.
Friend share my concern, as we are the major shareholder, that the National Westminster Bank is ignoring my vulnerable elderly constituents, and my businessmen?
Bakewell is a big, thriving market town.
My hon.
Friend is right that all customers, wherever they live, should have appropriate access to banking and cash services.
That is why we have legislated to protect access to cash, and the Financial Conduct Authority has issued guidance that seeks to ensure that branch closure decisions treat customers fairly.
I know that there has been an assessment of access to cash in her area, and the financial services sector will provide a new cash deposit service for her community.
Also, everyone can access the post office for regular banking services.
Yesterday, Cancer Research UK’s manifesto “Longer, better lives” set out a road map to save 20,000 lives a year by 2040.
Research is key to that, and it has identified a funding gap of over £1 billion.
Cancer Research UK has told me that, excluding research funded by industry, charities fund 62% of cancer research compared with the Government’s 38%.
Is the Prime Minister ashamed of that, and what will he do to address the gap?
Of course the Government must do more to continue preventing cancer deaths in our country.
That is why we are focused on fighting cancer on all fronts—prevention, diagnosis, treatment, research and funding.
Crucially, cancer is now being diagnosed at an earlier stage more often, with survival rates improving across all types of cancer, including the most common cancers, and through our treatment record we are rolling out community diagnostic centres everywhere to ensure that we can reach those people as quickly as possible.
Can I thank you, Mr Speaker, on behalf of the all-party parliamentary group on HIV  and AIDS, for hosting today’s reception to honour the incredible contribution that Sir Elton John has made to the fight against AIDS?
I very much welcome today’s announcement of further funding for HIV and hepatitis B and C opt-out testing in hospital emergency departments as a critical step in fighting those diseases.
I ask the Prime Minister to join me, and I am sure the whole House, in praising Sir Elton and his AIDS foundation for pioneering this work.
Sir Elton John has been a powerful voice for change in the UK and the world.
Through the brilliant work of his foundation he has raised awareness of HIV, reduced stigma and saved lives.
I am very pleased that that will be celebrated tonight at the HIV and AIDS all-party parliamentary group event.
Ahead of World AIDS Day on Friday, I would also like to reaffirm this Government’s commitment to ending new transmissions within England by 2030.
I know my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care will have more to say at tonight’s event about the expansion of our recent pilot initiative on screening.
Pearl Melody Black was 22 months old when a car rolled off a private drive on to a highway and hit a wall, which fell and killed her while she was holding her daddy’s hand.