The Secretary of State will know that Scotland has led the way on that, becoming the first country in the global north to pledge financial support to address loss and damage, but he and his Conservative colleagues are intent on limiting the Scottish Government’s international engagement.
Can he tell me why he wants to silence Scotland’s voice and prevent us from providing that global leadership?
It is very straightforward.
We understand that there will be environmental engagement overseas by the Scottish Government, and that is a devolved matter.
What we have tried get a grip on is the Scottish Government travelling overseas, meeting Ministers,  discussing reserved areas such as constitutional affairs and foreign affairs, and straying away from the portfolio of matters that are devolved to them.
That is our position.
It is obvious that in order to cement a sense of economic resilience Scotland requires a population growth strategy, but the devolution settlement, unfit as it is, will not come anywhere near that, and the Government continue to set their face against it.
Can the Secretary of State explain why?
If the Scottish Government want more people to settle in Scotland—and immigration is at a record high—they need to build more housing, have lower taxes and better public services, and make Scotland more attractive to people.
Does my right hon.
Friend share my disappointment that the SNP-Green Scottish Government continue to use the devolution settlement as a platform to pursue constitutional grievances?
In reality, would not achieving the best outcome for the people of Scotland and our constituents mean the two Governments working together on a project, for example the A75?
If the Governments work together, that will actually be delivered.
I absolutely agree with my right hon.
Friend.
The A75, along with the A77, came up as a vital route in the Union connectivity review by Lord Hendy of Richmond Hill—Sir Peter Hendy as he was at the time.
We are finally working with the Scottish Government, and the UK Government are funding a feasibility study for the upgrade of the A75.
I am delighted that progress is being made.
Is it not the case that the Scottish Government have consistently strayed outside the limits of the devolution settlements, so it is very difficult to take the SNP seriously as a defender of devolution when it has so little respect for the current settlement?
My hon.
Friend is right.
Everyone forgets that the Scottish Government get up every day and go to work to destroy devolution and the United Kingdom.
The defenders of devolution and the strengtheners of the United Kingdom are this Government.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Let me take this opportunity to congratulate my hon.
Friend  the Member for Rutherglen and Hamilton West (Michael Shanks)  not only on his vast—and fast—promotion to the shadow Front Bench but on the 20.4% swing from the SNP that brought him the by-election victory.
The announcement of the closure of the refinery at Grangemouth is a hammer blow.
Too many communities are still living with the devastation of being left behind after coalmine closures in the 1980s.
That must not be allowed to happen again.
Grangemouth’s owner is buying football clubs and investing in plants elsewhere, while the workers lose out.
The Prime Minister has decided that a culture war on the environment trumps getting the UK into the global green energy race by backing  Labour’s green energy superpower plans.
The devolution settlement demands that both Governments work together, but they certainly do not.
What discussions is the Secretary of State having with the Scottish Government to protect jobs at Grangemouth?
What impact will the closure have on the Acorn carbon capture and storage project?
First of all, it is a very worrying time for those whose jobs are at risk at the Grangemouth refinery.
This morning, the Under-Secretary of State for Scotland, my hon.