There are 2,500 disused coal tips in Wales.
The Welsh Government previously asked the Treasury for £600 million to make them safe, and ahead of the autumn statement sought an initial £20 million, but this Tory Government provided nothing.
Rhondda Cynon Taf has the most high-risk coal tips of any local authority, and the spectre of Aberfan looms large over our communities.
Does the Prime Minister think it is right that the UK took the economic benefit from Welsh coal, but will not fund the safety of its legacy?
The UK Government are investing in Wales, with record investment in electrification of the north Wales line and record investment in communities up and down the country.
It is important to recognise that just recently, the UK Government invested hundreds of millions of pounds to safeguard thousands of jobs at Tata Steel.
The Welsh Government have had access to  the largest set of Barnett consequentials on record over the past couple of years, and have the resources they need.
Thanks to this Conservative Government, the people of Stoke-on-Trent North, Kidsgrove and Talke will see over £200 million to fix our broken roads, the reopening of the Stoke to Leek line, and over £30 million to bus back better by introducing fairer fares and smarter routes to better connect our communities.
However, residents who have a free bus pass are being denied the use of it before 9.30 am by Labour-run Stoke-on-Trent City Council, meaning that people cannot get to their GP appointments or to work.
Will the Prime Minister back my campaign to end that unfair policy, which is being imposed on my residents?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right about the importance of high-quality bus services.
That is why we have capped the cost of travelling on buses at £2 until the end of 2024 as a result of our decision on HS2, and why we have supported councils with £1 billion of funding.
I urge all councils to ensure that people see the benefit of that investment, and I wholeheartedly back my hon.
Friend’s campaign.
NHS England has awarded £330 million to Palantir, a controversial technology firm, to help it recover from its pandemic backlog despite deep concerns among many healthcare professionals about privacy, ethics and the safety of patient data.
In light of the Government’s recently commissioned report on unifying health data in the UK, can the Prime Minister confirm   that no attempts will be made to force the Scottish Government to release the personal data of Scottish residents to any centralised system?
As the hon.
Lady knows, healthcare is devolved, but we will look for every opportunity to improve patient care and reduce waiting lists in England.
That is what we are doing in developing new technology that has a proven track record of bringing down waiting lists and improving the optimisation and efficiency of how theatres are scheduled.
That is the type of thing we need to do to ensure that patients get the care they need, and that we can get efficiency in the NHS.
The increasing proliferation of AI-generated disinformation and deepfakes poses a clear and present danger not only to our democratic process, but to the administration of justice itself.
What further steps will my right hon.
Friend take, following the Bletchley summit, to strengthen our domestic law when it comes to this threat to democracy, and to take international action to provide the guardrails that I believe are essential if we are to maintain integrity in the administration of justice?
I thank my right hon.
and learned Friend for all the work he has done in this incredibly important area.
He is right that we need to have guardrails around the successful exploitation of this technology, which is why the Online Safety Act 2023 gives the regulator significant new powers to regulate the content on social media companies, including some of the ones that he mentioned.