Vietnam already offers huge opportunities for Scottish businesses and in the light of the UK’s recent joining of the comprehensive and progressive agreement for trans-Pacific partnership—that is easy for you to say, Mr Speaker— I am keen to highlight further trading opportunities for Scottish businesses in the Indo-Pacific region.
For the final question, I call Patrick Grady.
Will the Secretary of State clarify what he was saying earlier and whether he thinks it is legitimate for Scottish Government Ministers to be able to travel overseas to promote the work of the Scottish Government?
I have always been very clear that Scottish Government Ministers can go overseas to promote areas that are devolved, but the reserved areas, such as the constitution and foreign affairs, are a matter for the UK Government and those Ministers should not be using our embassies and consulates to promote their plans for separation, or their different views on the middle east or anything else.
Before we come to Prime Minister’s questions, let me remind Members of an important courtesy that we should all observe: giving notice to colleagues if we are visiting their constituencies on official business.
Colleagues in Lancashire ought to think about that when they are going to others’ constituencies and let people know when they are doing so—I believe that did not happen on this occasion.
I have heard of a number of examples in other areas of this discourteous way of behaving towards colleagues, which is not acceptable.
I would rather we did not have to deal with such matters by points of order, so please try to give notice before visiting each other’s constituencies.
I also say to everybody that temperate and moderate language is what I want in this Chamber.
Let us now move on to PMQs.
The Prime Minister was asked—
If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 29 November.
This morning, I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have other such meetings later today.
Last year, Scotland exported 19 trillion Wh of electricity, worth £4 billion, to the UK grid, yet not only do Scottish generators pay the highest grid connection charges in Europe, but Scots pay among the highest standing charges while London’s are by far the lowest.
Our heating and lighting is switched on a lot earlier and off a lot later than the south of England’s.
Should Scottish households be forced to shiver in the dark this winter to subsidise the richest part of the UK?
As the hon.
Gentleman will know, standing charges are a matter for Ofgem, the independent regulator.
Last week, it launched a consultation asking for views about standing charges.
He will know that because of geographic factors, the UK Government already provide an annual cross-subsidy worth £60 to a typical household in Scotland, but on top of that we are providing considerable support to everyone across the UK with their energy bills this year.
Abigail Mor Edan is four years old.
Released from Hamas captivity last weekend, Abigail is an orphan, after her parents were brutally executed in front of her during Hamas’s rampage on 7 October.
To secure the freedom of Abigail and some other hostages, Israel is taking a huge risk, releasing convicted terrorists, including would-be suicide bomber Israa Jaabis, imprisoned for detonating a gas cylinder in her car in 2015.
Hamas also seem to have broken the ceasefire, by activating three explosive devices.
What steps is my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister taking to continue his welcome, steadfast support for Israel in its fight against not only Hamas, but other Iran-backed terror groups?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising such an important issue.
My thoughts and the thoughts of the whole House will be with Abigail.