However, I reiterate that one of the things we are determined to do is tackle fuel poverty.
That is one of the reasons why we have a commitment to do this.
Also, there is a lot of support that people can get, and I would encourage everybody to get what they are entitled to.
I have some great green innovators in my constituency, but it has been heartbreaking speaking to them over the last few months about the impact that the Government’s supposed reset on net zero is having on their businesses.
They include new fuel cell producers, green aviation leaders, companies providing key supply chain parts to the car industry and renewable energy companies.
Their businesses may be different, but the story is the same.
The lack of action from the Government is making it harder for them to get investment, harder for them to create jobs and harder for them to bring growth to Mid Bedfordshire.
My constituents ultimately saw through the Government’s shallow positioning on this issue, hearteningly for me, but it is unfortunate that this issue continues to hang over their prospects.
How can we show leadership on this issue at COP28 at a time when the Government cannot even get out of the way of people looking to bring growth to my constituents?
This Government have demonstrated a commitment to investment in all these areas.
Particularly from a science and technology point of view, I know that UK Trade and Investment has immense commitment and gives out support for this.
But there are many things that we have been doing.
We have not just been investing in R&D from a science point of view.
What we are doing is investing in offshore wind, in alternative fuel and in all those things that will enable us to get to where we need to be.
In the UK, heating homes accounts for 14% of carbon emissions, and in England our homes produce more emissions  than cars do.
That is not only costing the environment in the future; it is also costing taxpayers now.
A decade ago, the then Prime Minister Cameron’s “green crap” riddance resulted in uninsulated lofts and in cavity walls being left unfilled.
Given that that decision is now adding billions in additional costs to taxpayers and making it harder to meet the 2030 decarbonisation target, can the Minister ask the Foreign Secretary whether he regrets it?
We are investing in making sure that homes are insulated and energy efficient.
It is worth pointing out that between 1990 and 2021 the UK cut emissions by 48%, while growing the economy by more than 70%.
I can, of course, pass on the hon.
Gentleman’s message to the Foreign Secretary.
On a point of order, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I would appreciate any advice you can give me on a matter of great interest and concern to my constituents.
It relates to the attitude of National Highways officials in the north-west office.
A freedom of information request revealed several emails that, in my view, show a worrying lack of candour and transparency in National Highways’ dealings with me in relation to the replacement of a footbridge on a major road in my constituency.
In particular, I have been accused of “whipping up a frenzy” among my constituents in relation to that important safety matter—I am doing my job, not whipping up a frenzy.
Any advice from you would be welcome.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for giving me notice of his point of order.
I certainly agree that he, or any other Member, should not be criticised for pursuing issues of concern to their constituents.
The hon.
Gentleman has put his concerns on the record, and I believe the Minister may wish to make a quick point.
Further to that point of order, Madam Deputy Speaker.
The hon.