I suggest that they look at getting their own house in order before criticising this side.
This is getting way beyond anything resembling a point of order, so we should move on swiftly.
Presentation and First Reading ( Standing Order No.
57 )
Secretary Kemi Badenoch, supported by the Prime Minister, Secretary Oliver Dowden, Secretary James Cleverly, Secretary Grant Shapps, Secretary Alex Chalk, Secretary Michelle Donelan, Secretary Michael Gove, Secretary Mel Stride and Secretary Alister Jack, presented a Bill to provide for the payment out of money provided by Parliament of expenditure incurred by the Secretary of State under, or in connection with, schemes or other arrangements to compensate persons affected by the Horizon system and in respect of other matters identified in legal proceedings relating to the Horizon system.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time tomorrow, and to be printed (Bill 16) with explanatory notes (Bill 16-EN).
Bill to be considered
Mr Speaker has selected the recommittal motion in the name of Sir Chris Bryant.
I call him to move the motion.
I beg to move,
That the Bill be re-committed to a Public Bill Committee.
First, I wish to briefly refer to the death yesterday morning of my predecessor as Member of Parliament for Rhondda, Allan Rogers.
I know that many Members found him a good colleague to work with, and I believe that he spent many hours on the Channel Tunnel Act 1987.
I sometimes think that the people who do such Bills on behalf of all of us deserve a medal.
I am sure the whole House sends its best regards and deepest condolences to his family.
Our core job as Members of Parliament is the scrutiny of legislation, teasing out whether a proposal will do what it says, whether it is necessary and proportionate, and whether it has public support.
The Government have had total control of the Order Paper since 1902, so we can do that job properly only if the Government get their act together and play ball.
That is what enables the line-by-line consideration of the laws that bind us.
It is what makes us a functioning democracy.
We need to send the Bill back to Committee because we simply cannot do that job properly today.
Let us recall how we got here.
A first version of the Data Protection and Digital Information Bill was introduced by the previous Member for Mid Bedfordshire on  18 July 2022 .
It was such a mess that it never even made it to Second Reading.
Nadine Dorries was sacked in September last year, and six months later the Bill was sacked as well, to be replaced by a new and improved No.
2 Bill, which had its Second Reading on  17 April  and completed its Committee stage on  24 May .
That was 190 days ago.
I do not know what has prompted all the delay.
Was it the general chaos in Government?
Perhaps the Government do not fully understand the term “with immediate effect”.
I like the Minister, and I have known and worked with him on many different issues for many years.
I had a meeting with him and his officials on  Thursday 16 November .
He told me then that on Report the Government would table only a few minor and technical amendments to the Bill, which he hoped everyone would be able to agree fairly easily.
On the last available day, 182 days after Committee, the Government brought out 240 amendments.
Some are indeed minor and technical, but many are very significant.
They strike to the heart of the independence of the new Information Commission, they alter the rights of the public in making subject access requests, and they amend our system in a way that may or may not enhance our data adequacy with the US and the European Union and therefore British businesses’ ability to rely on UK legislation to trade overseas.