On the last available day, 182 days after Committee, the Government brought out 240 amendments.
Some are indeed minor and technical, but many are very significant.
They strike to the heart of the independence of the new Information Commission, they alter the rights of the public in making subject access requests, and they amend our system in a way that may or may not enhance our data adequacy with the US and the European Union and therefore British businesses’ ability to rely on UK legislation to trade overseas.
In some instances, they give very extensive new powers to Ministers, and they introduce completely new topics that have never been previously mooted, debated or scrutinised  by Parliament in relation to this Bill, which already has more baubles on it than the proverbial Christmas tree.
The end result is that we have 156 pages of amendments to consider today in a single debate.
Yes, we could have tabled amendments to the Government amendments, but they would not have been selectable, and we would not have been able to vote on them.
So the way the Government have acted, whether knowingly, recklessly or incompetently, means that the Commons cannot carry out line-by-line consideration of what will amount to more than 90 pages of new laws, 38 new clauses and two new schedules, one of which is 19 pages long.
Some measures will barely get a minute’s consideration today.
That is not scrutiny; it is a blank cheque.
Yesterday, I made a generous offer to the Minister for Disabled People, Health and Work,  the hon.
Member for Corby (Tom Pursglove) , who is sitting on the Front Bench and whom I also like.
We recognise that some of the issues need to be addressed, so we said: “Recommit the Bill so we can help you get this right in the Commons, and we will commit to have it out of Committee in a fortnight.
It could go to the Lords with all parties’ support by Christmas.”
Let me repeat: this is no way to scrutinise a Bill, particularly one that gives the Government sweeping powers and limits the rights of our fellow citizens, the public.
Sadly, it is part of a growing trend, but “legislate at speed, repent at leisure” should not be our motto.
Some will say something that is commonly said these days: “Let it go through to the Lords so they can amend it.”
But I am sick of abdicating responsibility for getting legislation right.
It is our responsibility.
We should not send Bills through that are, at best, half-considered.
We are the elected representatives.
We cannot just pass the parcel to the Lords.
We need to do our job properly.
We cannot do that today without recommitting the Bill.
I begin by joining  the hon.
Member for Rhondda (Sir Chris Bryant)  in expressing the condolences of the House to his predecessor, Allan Rogers.
He served as a Member of Parliament during my first nine years in this place.
I remember him as an assiduous constituency Member of Parliament, and I am sure we all share the sentiments expressed by the hon.
Gentleman.