Lady lives in a parallel universe.
We have the highest net migration to the UK since records began, far higher than when we were in the EU.
As I say, if we want to attract people to Scotland, we must stop making it the highest-taxed part of the United Kingdom.
The Secretary of State has correctly identified that there are some who want to use immigration policy to enforce a hard border between England and Scotland as part of their aim to break up the Union.
Does he agree, and in his assessment did he identify, that we need to ensure that immigration policy is not used as an alternative to offering the rewarding packages that key workers deserve?
Absolutely.
We are one United Kingdom.
We have no physical border.
It is important that we treat immigration equally across the whole United Kingdom and give everyone equal opportunity.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
Let me be clear: we are talking about the administration of work permits for people from overseas who wish to work in Scotland on a temporary basis.
Just about everyone thinks it would be better administered in Scotland, but the Secretary of State insists that it should be centralised by his Government in Westminster.
His argument would be plausible if the UK demonstrated that it is managing the migration service well but, given the catastrophe that is the UK immigration system, when will he wake up and realise this would be better done in Scotland, by the people who live there?
I point the hon.
Gentleman to the seasonal agricultural workers scheme.
That is 45,000 people, with the ability to flex it up to 55,000.
Those people come to work in a flexible system across the United Kingdom, and it has proved to be a huge success.
The Secretary of State is standing against everyone.
He is standing against experts, against academics, against representatives of industry and even against the people of Scotland, only 28% of whom think immigration is too high.
More than six in 10 think more immigration would benefit the country.
When is he going to stop being the Secretary of State against Scotland and be the Secretary of State for Scotland?
It is good that the hon.
Gentleman’s lines are written by Mike Russell.
That is an old one, and not a very good one.
The reality is that Scotland is the most taxed part of the United Kingdom, which is not attractive for people to work there.
We have the highest ever net migration.
If the Scottish Government focus more on good public services, good infrastructure and lower taxation, hopefully those high net migration figures will see more people settle in Scotland.
What recent discussions he has had with the Scottish Government on developing carbon capture, utilisation and storage in Scotland.
Carbon capture, utilisation and storage is a vital component of our journey to net zero.
The Acorn project represents a huge opportunity for the north-east of Scotland.
As would be expected for any multi-billion pound project, due diligence must now be followed.
Under Westminster rule, Bathgate, Linwood, Methil and Irvine are all no more.
Grangemouth now risks being added to that sorry list, and with it the hope of its developing carbon technologies.
The Minister is quick to attack a Scottish Government with limited powers, but responsibility for the robbery and ruination  of Scotland’s energy sector, and the continued denial of substantial funding for carbon capture, rests squarely with the UK Government.
What is his office doing to protect energy sector jobs and livelihoods in Scotland, and what is his Department’s excuse for utterly failing the people of Scotland?
I had the pleasure of meeting the Cabinet Secretary from the Scottish Government this morning, together with the leader of Falkirk Council, to discuss the situation at Grangemouth.
The Scottish Government and the UK Government are working together, hand in hand, to protect as many jobs as possible.