I know my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care will have more to say at tonight’s event about the expansion of our recent pilot initiative on screening.
Pearl Melody Black was 22 months old when a car rolled off a private drive on to a highway and hit a wall, which fell and killed her while she was holding her daddy’s hand.
Her parents, my constituents Gemma and Paul, South Wales Police and the Crown Prosecution Service were all frustrated that no charges could be brought in the case due to a loophole in the law.
My ten-minute rule Bill, the Driving Offences (Amendment) Bill, sought to amend the Road Traffic Act 1988, but it fell as it did not get parliamentary time.
I know that colleagues across the House have had similar issues, so I ask the Prime Minister to meet me and meet my constituents to assist in finding a way forward.
I am incredibly sorry to hear about Pearl.
My thoughts and, I know, those of the whole House will be with Gemma and Paul.
I will make sure that the hon.
Gentleman gets a meeting with the relevant Minister on the legislation as quickly as possible.
We know the Labour party has an aversion to white van man, but does the Prime Minister share my concerns that, according to a report in The Daily Telegraph today, Labour-run Westminster Council is increasing parking charges for small electric vehicles by up to 1,800%, demonstrating that it does not support small businesses or tackling climate change?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise those concerns.
It seems that Labour in London is yet again penalising hard-working people.
First we had the ultra low emission zone, and now it seems Labour is hiking parking charges on white van drivers and small businesses.
I join her in urging the Labour-run Westminster Council to rethink those damaging proposals.
I quote:
“Rishi thinks just let people die and that’s okay”.
That was reportedly the Prime Minister’s view of covid during late 2020, as recorded by the then chief scientific adviser in his diary.
It came to light last week in the   covid inquiry and I was shocked that Downing Street did not categorically deny it.
I ask the Prime Minister today how it is that people who were closest to this issue, whom he worked with day in, day out at the top of Government, got the impression that the Prime Minister was okay with people in our country dying—
Order.
I think he has got the question.
As the hon.
Lady knows, there is an ongoing inquiry into covid.
It is right that that is followed and I look forward to providing my own evidence.
If she had taken the time to read the evidence submitted to the inquiry, she would have seen that the person she mentioned, the chief scientific adviser, confirmed that he did not hear me say that—and that is because I did not.
That 1.3 million migrants over a period of two years is a catastrophe for Britain is obvious to everyone apart from guilt-ridden bourgeois liberals and greed-driven globalists.
Given that the same kind of people are stymieing the Prime Minister’s “stop the boats” campaign, will he bring urgent measures forward to deal with legal migration, and will he ensure that the Bill he has promised is in exactly the form recommended by his own Immigration Minister?
I am pleased to have my right hon.
Friend’s advice and support on all on our measures to tackle legal and illegal migration.
As I said, we are reviewing the recommendations of the Migration Advisory Committee and we will be bringing forward measures on top of the very significant restrictions that we have already announced on student dependants.