What is his office doing to protect energy sector jobs and livelihoods in Scotland, and what is his Department’s excuse for utterly failing the people of Scotland?
I had the pleasure of meeting the Cabinet Secretary from the Scottish Government this morning, together with the leader of Falkirk Council, to discuss the situation at Grangemouth.
The Scottish Government and the UK Government are working together, hand in hand, to protect as many jobs as possible.
The Scottish cluster is expected to include at least one project located in Grangemouth, which is welcome news.
Whether his Department has had recent discussions with the Scottish Government on supporting productive forestry planting in Scotland.
I very much welcome this question, which is timely in National Tree Week.
Reforestation is a crucial way for us all to reduce carbon emissions and improve biodiversity across the country.
Although this policy is devolved, the UK Government continue to work with the devolved Administrations to deliver UK-wide change in tree planting and establishment.
Conifers, which are the main species planted for productive forestry, account for just under half the area of UK woodland.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that there should now be a UK-wide target for 60% of new planting to be productive forestry, allowing Scotland to lead the way in delivering a secure supply of raw materials to support British manufacturing and construction?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her excellent question.
There are high ambitions across the United Kingdom to increase forestry planting.
I agree that we must secure a steady supply of the raw materials needed to support Britain’s construction and manufacturing industries.
Last week—[Interruption.]
I do not normally get such a cheer.
Last week, the Government announced that there will be a new national park and a new national forest in England.
Do the Scottish Government, or the Minister, have any intention of doing something similar for Scotland?
There are great ambitions for an additional national park in Scotland, and my Scottish Conservative colleagues are pushing very hard for that.
If the hon.
Gentleman needs more information, he should please write to me.
I will respond with the required detail.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on promoting Scotland’s interests abroad.
The UK Government work tirelessly to promote Scottish interests around the world through our extensive diplomatic network, forging business links, and generating trade and investment.
Our response to the Scottish Affairs Committee’s recent inquiry on Scotland’s international promotion highlights the extensive efforts we undertake to achieve this.
As one of the Prime Minister’s trade envoys, it is always my pleasure to be championing British business overseas.
From whisky to satellites, Scotland is home to some of the UK’s most important exports.
Will my right hon.
Friend update the House on what work the Scotland Office is doing to support these important sectors in the international market?
First, I thank my hon.
Friend for his service as a trade envoy, and tell him that last month I had the pleasure of travelling to Vietnam to boost Scotland’s trade interests and celebrate diplomatic links.
Vietnam already offers huge opportunities for Scottish businesses and in the light of the UK’s recent joining of the comprehensive and progressive agreement for trans-Pacific partnership—that is easy for you to say, Mr Speaker— I am keen to highlight further trading opportunities for Scottish businesses in the Indo-Pacific region.
For the final question, I call Patrick Grady.
Will the Secretary of State clarify what he was saying earlier and whether he thinks it is legitimate for Scottish Government Ministers to be able to travel overseas to promote the work of the Scottish Government?