However, it is also incumbent on us to ensure that we offer choices, which is why we are committed to offshore and to making sure that we are investing in science and technology and getting all of that technology available, thus making energy available in lots of different forms.
After the last COP, the Prime Minister at the time, Boris Johnson, assured the House that there would be no funding whatsoever from British sources for fossil fuel developments anywhere in the world.
Since then, the UK Government have announced their own fossil fuel developments with oil and gas extraction, so how on earth does the Minister expect to be taken seriously at COP when Britain itself is investing more in fossil fuels and then lecturing the rest of the world that they should not do so?
Can she assure us that this COP is not just going to be an exercise in greenwash with a sideshow of oil dealing, and that it is going to be a serious attempt to deal with the serious, fundamental issues that this planet faces?
Yes, UK production is declining.
When we think about oil and gas, it is important that we think about having a balanced approach and making sure that we keep our supply going as it should.
One of the things we are committed to is making sure that, on balance, we also have other options available.
It is important to remember that, from an economic point of view, the jobs that are created are really important, from an oil and gas point of view, and of course that will be invested in green energy as well, so it is a cyclical thing to make sure that we are investing in our future.
Having spent a year in the Energy Department, it has been an absolute pleasure to see how civil servants, businesses, the public and, indeed, Ministers are at the forefront of ensuring that the UK is the major economy that has decarbonised furthest and fastest in the world.
We account for only 1% of emissions.
We have the biggest offshore wind farm in the world, as well as the second biggest and the third biggest.
We have more solar panels than France.
We really are leading the way.
So when we go to COP,  we need to make sure that others see that there is an advantage in doing this and join us on that journey.
What will the Minister’s message be at COP to make sure that the world joins us on this journey?
I thank my hon.
Friend for making those points.
He has worked closely with the Department and seen at first hand the work that we have been doing, and it is good to hear that reiterated in the House.
One of the things that we are looking for is success at COP28, and success would be making sure that we are supporting those five measures but also progressing and making sure that we have a commitment to the world’s future and making a greener climate.
The Government are going into these global climate talks having announced new North sea oil and gas fields.
If every country copied this Government’s approach of squeezing out every last drop of oil and gas, we would risk extreme global temperature rises of 3°C.
Every respected climate body has warned of the dangers of this approach, so at the climate talks why should any other country listen to this Government when their policies are not compatible with the UK’s own climate commitments?
Of course we are committed to doing other things as well, which is what I am reiterating.
We have a commitment to making sure that we learn from research and development, and that we are looking at offshore wind, but we also need to be realistic, which is why we are looking at oil and gas.