No one will be surprised that he is backing an EU country over Britain.
Just last week, he was asked which song best sums up the Labour party.
What did he come up with?
He showed his true colours and chose “Ode to Joy”—literally the anthem of the European Union.
He will back Brussels over Britain every single time.
Let me get this straight: the Prime Minister is now saying that meeting the Prime Minister of Greece is somehow supporting the EU, instead of discussing serious issues.
He has just dug further into that hole that he has made for himself.
Rather than dealing with the facts, he is prosecuting his one-man war on reality, and that reality is stuck.
Under this Government, a bricklayer from overseas can be paid  £2,500 less than somebody who is already here, a plasterer £3,000 less, and an engineer £6,000 less.
The list goes on.
It is absurd.
Labour would scrap his perverse wage-cutting policy.
Why will he not do so?
As I have said, we have taken significant measures and will bring forward more.
Indeed, as the Office for National Statistics itself said, more recent estimates indicate a slowing of immigration as a result of the things that we are doing.
But I am surprised to hear the right hon.
and learned Gentleman now taking this new position.
I have a quote here from a pushy young shadow Immigration Minister, who said to this House—I directly quote this person—that limits on skilled migrants are
“a form of economic vandalism”.—[Official Report,  7 March 2016 ; Vol.
607, c. 19WH.]
Who could possibly have taken such a bizarre position only to U-turn?
It will come as no surprise to anybody that it was him.
There is only one party that has lost control of the borders, and its Members are sitting right there.
This is a Government who are not just in turmoil, but in open revolt.
The Immigration Minister thinks that the Prime Minister is failing because, apparently, nobody will listen to his secret plan.
The former Home Secretary thinks that he is failing because of his “magical thinking”.
The current Home Secretary thinks that he is failing.
He even took time out of his busy schedule of insulting people in the north-east to admit that he agrees with Labour.
The Prime Minister seems to be the only person on the Tory Benches without his own personal immigration plan.
Clearly, his own side do not have any faith in him.
Why should the public?
It is really a bit rich to hear about this from someone who described all immigration law as “racist”, and who literally said that it was a mistake to control immigration.
We have taken steps and we will take further steps, which is why recent estimates show that immigration is slowing.
It is why, next year, the immigration health surcharge will increase by more than two thirds.
It is why immigration fees are going up by up to 35%.
One of his own Front-Bench team said that having a target is not sensible.
It is no surprise to have people like that, because, while we are taking all these measures that he opposes, this is the person who stood on a platform and promised to defend free movement.
On this Government’s watch, migration has just trebled, and the Prime Minister is giving the House a lecture about targets.
He is lost in la-la land.
There can be few experiences more haunting for Conservative Members than hearing this Prime Minister claim that he is going to sort out a problem.
First, he said that he would get NHS waiting lists down; they went up.
Unabashed by that, he said that he would get control of immigration; it has gone up.
Following that experience, he turned his hand to bringing taxes down.
And, would you believe it, the tax burden is now going to be higher than ever.