One of the things that this Government are committed to is ensuring that we have skills in place and that the economy is going in the right direction.
We are proud of our record, and our commitment to making sure we get to net zero is demonstrated in all the things we have been doing.
We are international leaders—world leaders—in our commitment to ensuring that we hit those targets.
I welcome that two of the 34 new landscape recovery schemes are in west Cornwall and on Scilly, and I credit the Cornwall Wildlife Trust, Farm Cornwall, the Duchy, other organisations and in particular the landowners for their incredible work to achieve that.
At previous climate change conferences, specifically the Paris summit, we agreed to fix our leaky homes.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how we can accelerate that effort, especially for low-income families?
I know what a champion my hon.
Friend is for his constituents.
I will of course meet him, although perhaps a meeting with the relevant Minister would be more appropriate.
We are committed to making sure that we have that extra security.
That is why we are making such an investment in working towards energy security, while at the same time working towards net zero.
The UK was a leader in offshore wind development but is now falling seriously behind.
Costs to offshore wind developers have increased by as much as 40%.
The recent offshore wind auction failure will have cost the UK 5 GW of new renewable energy, and that was entirely predictable.
How will the Prime Minister be able to look in the eye the leaders of countries that are suffering most from the impact of climate change and say, “The UK does everything it can”?
First, we are world leaders on offshore energy.
That is one of our commitments, but we do not just rest on our laurels and think about offshore wind; we are also looking at other ways to  generate electricity, which is much needed, including fusion and small modular reactors.
The hon.
Lady suggests we are not taking into account where we should be going on energy, but we are world leaders and we are ensuring that we have an impact on our futures.
I am looking forward to going to COP as one of the members of the Energy Security and Net Zero Committee.
Last week the Committee went to see the world’s first green hydrogen neighbourhood project in Fife in Scotland.
Local people were given the choice to switch to innovative clean green hydrogen heating and nearly half of them have taken that choice.
Does the Minister agree that one of the biggest challenges to achieving next zero is achieving that consumer change, and that this is why it is so important that we offer consumers innovation and choice rather than the top-down “tax and ban” approach that the Opposition so often promote?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
It is about education; ensuring that people are educated and thinking about how we use our future energy.
However, it is also incumbent on us to ensure that we offer choices, which is why we are committed to offshore and to making sure that we are investing in science and technology and getting all of that technology available, thus making energy available in lots of different forms.
After the last COP, the Prime Minister at the time, Boris Johnson, assured the House that there would be no funding whatsoever from British sources for fossil fuel developments anywhere in the world.
Since then, the UK Government have announced their own fossil fuel developments with oil and gas extraction, so how on earth does the Minister expect to be taken seriously at COP when Britain itself is investing more in fossil fuels and then lecturing the rest of the world that they should not do so?