This winter, pensioner households, for example, will receive up to £300 alongside their winter fuel payment.
They are some of the most vulnerable households, and it is right that they get that support at a difficult time.
I appreciate that it is difficult for the Prime Minister to empathise when he quite clearly cannot understand, but to be clear to him and, indeed, the whole House: this is not a matter of energy production.
Scotland produces six times more gas than we consume and around two thirds of our electricity already comes from renewable resources.
This is a consequence of decades of failed energy policy here in Westminster.
Those of us on the Scottish National party Benches believe that Scotland’s energy wealth and energy resource should benefit the people of Scotland.
Why doesn’t he?
The entire energy grid infrastructure in this country is integrated, which brings benefits to people in every part of our United Kingdom.
When it comes to supporting people with energy bills, earlier this year we increased benefits to the highest rate on record.
It is why we provided cost of living payments worth £900 on top of regular support.
It was right not to wait until the last moment to give people that support; we gave it to them earlier this year so that they would have the security they need going into winter—as I said, on top of the money for pensioners.
When there are cold snaps, we have cold weather payments that kick in and the warm home discount, which provides an extra £150 to the most vulnerable households.
All that is the most considerable action taken by any Government to help people with their energy bills.
The £400 million redevelopment of Kettering General Hospital is the No.1 investment priority for local residents.
The first part is a £50 million new energy plant to power the expanded and improved hospital.
Will my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister please do all he can to ensure that the Department of Health gets spades in the ground on time next spring, so that we can get the construction of our redeveloped, much loved local hospital fully under way?
I thank my hon.
Friend for continuing to champion the new hospital in Kettering.
We are absolutely committed to delivering the scheme for Kettering General Hospital.
As my hon.
Friend will be aware, the new energy centre is vital to the delivery of the new hospital, and we expect that work to begin in the first quarter of next year.
The new hospital programme is working closely with the trust to ensure that the plans are deliverable.
Three years ago, the Government made a commitment to 40 new hospitals and significant upgrades to hospitals in most need, but today many schemes are badly delayed.
The Royal Berkshire—stuck at the development stage, with not a single pound transferred for construction.
Harrogate District Hospital—still waiting on £20 million for urgent upgrades after reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete was discovered.
There are 25 more such schemes.
Will  the Prime Minister explain why his Government are happy to let patients, doctors and nurses suffer for years in such unfit and unsafe conditions?
We are delivering 40 hospitals by 2030.
Good progress is already being made, and that programme is being backed by over £20 billion of investment.
Three schemes are already open, two are opening this year, and 16 are in construction, or work has begun to prepare the site.
It is absolutely right, though, that within that we prioritise RAAC hospitals.
That required a reprioritisation, but that was the appropriate thing to do to ensure safety.
Patients and staff are already benefiting from some of the improvements that we have made, which come on top of the largest capital programme for the NHS in its history, rolling out community diagnostic centres, urgent treatment centres and surgical hubs right across the country.