Central to our opportunity mission is that where someone is from should not determine where they end up in life.
This Government are serious about supporting young people.
We are working across Government to ensure that young people are supported in their communities through devolution, local growth plans, local skills improvement plans and the youth guarantee.
With permission, I would like to make a statement about the future of our higher education sector and the changes that we will be making for students in the upcoming academic year, 2025-26.
Before I go further, I want to make clear the approach that this Labour Government take to our universities and, above all, to the students whose education is their central purpose, because the Conservative Government did not just talk down universities; they talked down the aspirations of working-class families across our country, and they dismissed the ambition of our young people and undermined their opportunities.
This Government take a different approach.
We are determined to break down the barriers to opportunity, and higher education is central to that mission.
Higher education is part of what makes our country great.
It enriches our culture, powers our economy and sustains intellectual traditions stretching back centuries.
It is a beacon of opportunity—to students not just from this country, but from across the world—and a sector of which everyone in this House ought to be proud.
But when this Government took office in July, we found a university sector facing severe financial challenges.
With tuition fees frozen for the last seven years, universities have suffered a significant real-terms decline in their income.
We also found a regulator subject to political whim, unable to focus on the challenges our universities face.
A succession of Conservative Ministers faced with tough decisions had, for year after year, ducked them time and again.
We inherited in our universities, as across so much  of our public sector, the consequences of long years  of shameful abdication of responsibility: long years  in which I heard too often from students of the gap between the course they were promised and the experience they had, about the trouble they had making ends meet as they worked hard not merely at their studies but often at two or more jobs on top; long years in which I saw the amazing research our universities deliver but how infrequently those triumphs drove wider success; and long years in which I heard from international students, who make such an important contribution to our country, that the previous Government had made them feel neither valued nor welcomed.
That is the mess that Opposition Members left behind, but where the Conservatives shirked the hard choices, this Government have not hesitated to grip the challenges we face and take the tough decisions to restore stability to higher education, to fix the foundations and to deliver change.
We have accepted in full the recommendations of the independent review of the Office for Students.
We have also brought new leadership to the office and refocused its work to monitor universities’ finances and to hold leadership to account.
I thank Sir David Behan for his work both leading the independent review and now as its interim chair.
We have paused the commencement of the last Government’s freedom of speech legislation while we consider the impacts on universities, students and the regulator, because although universities must be home to robust discussion and rigorous challenge, regulation must also be workable.
I am here today to make two sets of announcements on higher education reform, addressing the challenges our students and universities face, and gripping these issues as a responsible Government.
First, we will fix the foundations.
We will secure the future of higher education so that students can benefit from a world-class education for generations to come.