Friend to discuss the matter.
I call Stuart Andrew.
Hear, hear!
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
It has been a while since I have spoken!
Those at Buckton Fields school in my constituency were delighted when they had a newly constructed building, but that delight was sadly short-lived, as there were defects.
As a consequence, with interim arrangements, the school’s roll has gone up and down, and now it  has a £45,000 shortfall in its budget.
Will the Minister meet me and representatives from the school to discuss the issue?
I welcome the right hon.
Gentleman back to his place and would be more than happy to meet him to discuss the challenges in his constituency.
The UK’s social mobility commissioner has highlighted the “geography of disadvantage” being experienced by young people in northern post-industrial communities like those in Ossett and Denby Dale.
Does the Secretary of State agree with the commissioner that decisive and bold Government action to improve educational attainment and opportunity is required for these children?
I do agree, and I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising the point.
I am leading the work across Government on breaking down the barriers to opportunity in order to break the unfair link between background and success.
We know that tackling child poverty is a crucial part of that process, and it is essential that we get the recommendations of the child poverty taskforce to ensure that poverty does not hold back our children’s life chances.
Helen Blythe from Stamford has campaigned courageously for improvements to allergy safety since her son Benedict died following a severe allergic reaction at school in 2021.
Will the Minister commit to meet me to discuss introducing   a mandatory requirement for all schools to have a specific allergy and anaphylaxis plan, and for every school to have adrenaline auto-injectors?
I met Helen Blythe last week, and I will happily meet the hon.
Member to take forward her concerns.
I thank the Minister for working with Treasury colleagues to secure important additional funding to rebuild schools in last week’s Budget.
Will he meet me to discuss the serious repair issues facing St Nicolas and St Mary primary school in my constituency, which are hampering children’s ability to thrive?
We are proud of the investment that we are making in school buildings.
I would be delighted not only to meet my hon.
Friend but to visit his constituency.
Will the Secretary of State acknowledge, as the right hon.
Baroness Smith of Basildon has in the other place, that concerns around freedom of speech and academic freedom in our universities are not a botched culture war but a serious matter that needs to be addressed properly?
As I said to the right hon.
Gentleman during the last Education questions, I believe in the vital importance of freedom of speech and freedom of expression within our university campuses.
University is a place where young people should be exposed to views that they might find difficult or challenging; however, it is important that any legislation in this area is workable.
The current national guidelines on school transport mean that children who live less than 3 miles from school do not get any support in Government funding.
In my constituency, that means that some of the most deprived kids either have to walk an hour and a half a day to and from school, or their already struggling families have to find the money for their transport.
Will the Minister meet me to talk about this and see whether the 3-mile limit can be changed?
We are committed to removing barriers to opportunity for every child.
No child should struggle to access education because of a lack of transport.
We are keen to understand how well the transport system is working for children accessing schooling,  and I will happily meet my hon.
Friend to discuss it further.