The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps she  is taking to increase the availability of high-quality childcare.
The early years are my No.
1 priority as Education Secretary.
We will deliver a sea change in early years education to give parents better work choices and children better life chances.
We will start by repurposing empty classrooms to create or expand school-based nurseries, making childcare more accessible and affordable for hard-pressed families.
I encourage state-funded primary schools, working with their local authorities, to consider applying before the application window closes on  19 December .
With Government data showing that 70,000 more early years places need to be created by next year, and with an overhaul of outdated business rates promised, will the Secretary of State commit to removing unfair business rates from nurseries and pre-schools, which will now be mostly delivering Government-funded childcare?
It is undoubtedly a challenge to deliver the roll-out, but we are determined to do it because it is so important for parents and for children’s life chances.
We intend to reform the early years sector overall.
We will be looking very closely at this into next year; I would welcome further input from the hon.
Gentleman and his party on the way forward.
rose—
I call Ashley Dalton.
Oh, you are not standing.
This is not directed at you personally, but when you stand I think you are going to ask a question, and then when you sit down I am left high and dry.
As a mother in the north-west, I thank the Secretary of State and welcome the Government’s £1.8 billion commitment to expanding publicly funded childcare.
As we transition towards more publicly funded childcare, can she share any plans for interim support to keep childcare affordable for working families relying on private providers?
My hon.
Friend is right.
As the roll-out continues, we will shortly reach a situation in which 80% of childcare is Government-backed.
It is therefore right that in those circumstances we look closely at whether we are getting the best-quality provision for our children.
As part of our early years strategy review, we will take account of all considerations.
We are looking at a range of factors for the sector, including workforce recruitment, quality of provision and much more besides.
I look forward to working with her  on this.
We welcome the new shadow Secretary of State.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
May I say how delighted I am to be in the role?
We will be a constructive Opposition working in the best interests of young people.
In that spirit, I ask the Secretary of State to confirm that the Government’s early years funding rates for all age groups will increase to reflect the changes in employer national insurance contributions.
Will she give us a figure for how much that will cost the Department for Education?
I welcome the right hon.
Lady to her place: it is the best job in opposition, just as mine is the best job in government.
I am sure that whatever disagreements we might have in the weeks and months to come, we can all get behind the importance of education to our country.
We will set out more detail on funding rates in due course.
What I would say to the right hon.
Lady is that the Conservative party left behind commitments, but no plan to make them real.
Instead, they left us a £22 billion hole in the public finances, and this Government have had to take some tough decisions to get our public finances back on a stable footing.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Two thirds of early years places are delivered by private and voluntary providers.
Further to the shadow Education Secretary’s question, what assessment has the Department for Education made of the impact of last week’s national insurance rise on those providers?
How much more does the Department expect that parents will have to pay in nursery fees?