That is the change  that we want to see, but we recognise the demand on EHCPs and the process, and we recognise that we need to improve.
That is happening throughout Lancashire, including Chorley.
The 2014 reforms put SEN rights at the heart of the special educational needs system, but the then Government did only half the job, failing to honour the resources that they had promised.
EHCPs take too long to access, and children are often sent out of borough to receive specialist education, which is more expensive.
How will the Government provide more SEN provision in our mainstream schools in towns such as mine?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise the priority of ensuring that children with special educational needs and disabilities are accommodated in mainstream schools with their friends whenever possible.
We are ensuring that training is available from the earliest possible stage so that those in the workforce can teach children with SEND, and that educational psychology services are there to help schools to make any changes that are necessary.
We want to work in partnership with the sector to secure the best outcomes for every child.
What steps she is taking to make childcare more accessible.
Ensuring that parents have access to affordable and high-quality childcare is a priority for this Government.
We will focus on greater opportunities for every family to access early education, and on greater opportunities for children to thrive and develop.
As an initial step, we have announced the bidding round for the first 300 school-based nurseries from next September.
Many early years providers struggle to meet the needs of children with SEND.
Lack of funds, lack of training and lack of specialist staff often mean that those that do provide a good or excellent service quickly become over-subscribed.
What steps is the Department taking to reassure parents and carers of children with SEND that those children will have access to the childcare or early years provision in their areas that meets their needs?
We are helping members of the workforce to develop the skills and confidence that will enable them to work effectively with children with SEND, and reviewing early years funding arrangements to ensure that they meet the needs of those children.
I should be happy to meet my hon.
Friend or visit her constituency to understand the issues that her local providers are facing.
Martin Lewis has long campaigned for changes in childcare, in particular because the way in which it is set up can damage single parents.
There is an obvious cliff edge.
The last Government proposed a consultation on thresholds for households being taken as one, but this Government seem to have scrapped that in the Budget.
Will Ministers  be speaking to the Treasury to decide how they will overcome this cliff edge that affects so many single parents?
I thank the hon.
Member for his question.
We have a child-centred Government, and early years is a priority for the Secretary of State.
We will focus on reforming the childcare system to ensure that it is fit for purpose for the future and of high quality for all young people.
We are taking the sector’s concerns seriously, and we want to ensure there is a sustainable system going forward.
What recent assessment she has made of the effectiveness of the system for supporting children with special educational needs and disabilities.
What recent assessment she has made of the effectiveness of the system for supporting children with special educational needs and disabilities.
Last month, the National Audit Office confirmed what many families already know: the SEND system that we inherited from the Conservatives is broken.
Indeed, the number of hon.
Members raising concerns on behalf of their constituents shows the scale of the challenge that we have inherited.
We are working as quickly as we can to make the changes that families need.
It is huge, complex reform, but we are determined to fix the system.