This Government are about fixing the foundations.
To help do this, we have launched an independent curriculum and assessment review, which aims to enable all young people to access rigorous and high-value qualifications and training.
We will also introduce a youth guarantee, which will help 18 to 21-year-olds to access education, training and apprenticeship opportunities, and to receive employment support.
The London Design and Engineering university technical college in my constituency caters for 14 to 19-year-olds and offers at secondary level the kind of training often only found at further education level.
Does the Minister agree that we need to create more opportunities at secondary level for skills-based training to ensure that it is embedded and lasts, post 16, into the workplace and that it improves employability skills as well?
I appreciate my hon.
Friend’s thoughtful question.
This Government absolutely value university technical colleges for helping young people to develop technical skills and, with employer support, to move into technical careers.
The independent curriculum and assessment review aims to broaden the curriculum, ensuring that young people do not miss out on vocational subjects and that they leave education ready for employment.
Eastbourne, as the sunniest town in the UK, is on a mission to be a solar energy superpower.
At the heart of that is East Sussex college’s green training hub, which is supporting students, young and mature, to move into that sector.
Will the Minister join me in celebrating the hub’s second birthday, and will she come down to Eastbourne to visit the hub and its principal, Rebecca Conroy, and to soak up some Eastbourne sun?
The sun is obviously shining on Eastbourne, even though may not be shining everywhere else at the moment because of the weather.
A visit to Eastbourne to celebrate the hub sounds delightful, but this falls to my noble Friend, Baroness Smith of Malvern, so I will pass on these comments to her.
I call the shadow Minister, Neil O’Brien.
The sun always shines on Chorley, Mr Speaker.
One thing that helps young people to gain skills is involvement in the cadets, but the Department recently confirmed a decision to cancel support payments to combined cadet forces in state schools.
That payment was something that people involved in the cadets and teachers really valued.
What assessment was made beforehand of the impact that this cut would have?
Will the Secretary of State reconsider it?
We respect all our young people who are in the cadets or any other armed forces areas.
The hon.
Gentleman raises this point, but after 14 years of the previous Government’s failure and the £22 billion black hole, there are difficult choices to be made.
We are absolutely committed to children and young people and to doing the best we can do by them.
What steps her Department is taking to help tackle persistent school absences among young carers.
The Government are committed to breaking down barriers to opportunities for all young people, including young carers who provide a critical role in caring for their loved ones.
We now collect specific absence data for young carers through the school census, and our statutory attendance guidance seeks to ensure that they receive holistic support to overcome barriers to attendance.
One thing that might be driving absences from schools for young carers is long-term mental health conditions.
The Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health says that as many as one in five young carers  could be suffering from long-term mental health conditions.
Can the Minister explain what measures the Department is taking to ensure that sufficient help is in place for people suffering from those conditions?
We want to ensure that we support young carers in school, as well as other children who may be suffering from mental health conditions.