No child should struggle to access education because of a lack of transport.
We are keen to understand how well the transport system is working for children accessing schooling,  and I will happily meet my hon.
Friend to discuss it further.
The majority of teachers have had no more than half a day’s training on autism.
If the Government are as   committed as they say they are to ensuring that most children with special educational needs and disabilities receive a mainstream education, what will they do to ensure that teacher training meets children’s needs?
The hon.
Lady is right to identify that this is an area where we must do more, and do it better.
I hear, as she doubtless does, from teachers and support staff that they want additional training and support in this crucial area, and we will ensure that it is part of our SEND reform.
We know that children with special educational needs and disabilities are more likely to live in poverty, so how will my right hon.
Friend ensure that children with special and complex needs are incorporated into the child poverty strategy?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for the work that she leads on behalf of this House on the Education Committee.
Our child poverty taskforce is absolutely focused on this area.
We will listen to and engage directly with families across the UK, including those who have children with SEND.
As she identifies, child poverty blights the life chances of far too many, and that must change.
Carers Trust estimates that two children in every classroom across the UK are young carers, yet 72% of schools say that they have no young carers on their roll.
What steps is the Department taking to address that?
We have recently required all schools to provide that data, so that we can find out where the young carers are and ensure that they gain the support that they need.
Through the children’s framework, they can have an assessment alongside their parents.
I am happy to speak further on this matter.
I welcomed the Budget last week, in which the Chancellor confirmed the recruitment of 6,500 teachers.
Will the Secretary of State please confirm how those extra teachers, including specialist teachers, will be recruited, and how issues such as workload, working conditions and support for the training and development of new and existing teachers and school support staff will be addressed?
We know that having a well-supported, highly qualified teacher at the front of the class makes the single biggest difference to children’s life chances, but it is also crucial that we tackle issues around workload and pay.
That is why I was delighted that we were able to bring in a fully funded 5.5% pay award for our teachers, to recognise their brilliant hard work on behalf of our children, our families and our country.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs if he will make a statement on the implications of the Budget for farming communities.
I welcome the right hon.
Gentleman to his place—he will make an excellent Chair of the Select Committee on Environment, Food and Rural Affairs—and thank him for the opportunity to talk about this important issue.
As the Minister for Food Security, I can assure the House that food security is national security.
The Government’s commitment to supporting farmers and rural communities is unwavering.
We have committed £5 billion in the agricultural budget over the next two years—the biggest ever budget for sustainable food production and nature recovery in our country’s history.
We are also releasing £60 million to support farmers whose farms have been devastated by severe flooding, and investing £208 million to protect the nation from potential disease outbreaks that threaten our farming industry, food security and human health.