Interruption.]
They are there for everyone to see.
It is not difficult, it is not complicated—they are there.
Something that perhaps has not been said, but which should be, is that there were many calls to reflect the changing way in which farming operates by including environmental land management schemes within the scope of agricultural property relief.
I hear nothing from Opposition Front Benchers about that.
Do they not understand the way in which British farming is changing?
Many farmers in my constituency of Hastings and Rye are feeling the impact of 14 years of Conservative failure.
In particular, they have faced many challenges  with flooding.
Can the Minister tell me what steps we have taken in the Budget to protect small family farms and how we will continue to support farmers facing flooding?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend because she makes some important points.
Ahead of the Budget, there were lots of predictions about what would happen.
Of course, what happened is that this Government have protected the farming budget—indeed, raised it—and we are absolutely committed to paying out to farmers the £60 million that they deserve for flooding.
That is £60 million, of course, that was not really budgeted for by the Conservatives, as part of their £22 billion black hole.
The difference between us and them is that we are taking a responsible approach, which means that farmers can look forward to a stable future, as opposed to the chaos of the last decade.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Farmers across the United Kingdom are coping with the lingering legacy of betrayal—betrayal from the trade deals that happened under the last Government, which threw them under a bus; and betrayal from the transition from the old payment scheme to the new one, which saw many of them going bust or forced into making business decisions that they would never, ever have chosen.
That legacy of betrayal is one that hangs heavy, and it is why farmers in my constituency and elsewhere feel so utterly disappointed by this Government’s Budget last week.
Let us look first at the agricultural property relief changes.
There are 1,500 farms in Cumbria and 440 in my constituency affected by this.
Has the Minister done an investigation into the number of farmers who are living on less than the minimum wage each year in terms of income, but who have a property that will be affected by these changes, particularly given the 41% decrease in farm incomes under the Conservative Government over the last five years?
Will he also assess the impact on tenant farmers?
Some 50% of my farmers are tenants and will be affected by the disruption that this change will create.
Would it not be wise for him to implement the Rock review of tenant protections before introducing something like this?
Will he also look again at the £2.4 billion budget and increase it by £1 billion, just as the Liberal Democrats suggest?
If we do not feed ourselves, we are a failing country.