He might be proud of that record, but I  am not.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Last week’s Budget protects key education priorities, putting education back at the forefront of national life and breaking down barriers to opportunity for every child at every stage.
The Department for Education’s settlement means that we can begin to deliver on this Government’s mission: rolling out funded childcare, rebuilding and maintaining our school and college estate, reforming the SEND system, investing in children’s social care, and ensuring that young people have the skills that they need to seize opportunity.
Additionally, the £2.3 billion increase in core schools funding, together with July’s fully funded 5.5% teacher pay award, further supports our commitment to recruit 6,500 new teachers.
This Government will fix the foundations to deliver change, and there is no better place to start than education.
West Dorset has seen a 134% increase in the number of children requiring SEN support in the last six years.
As of the latest data, more than 275 children are waiting for education, care and health plan assessments, with the average waiting time well in excess of the 20-week statutory limit.
Will the Minister outline what specific measures the Department is implementing to ensure that the much-needed £1 billion investment announced in the Budget is used to bring down waiting times for EHCPs in places such as West Dorset?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to raise his concern, as so many have this afternoon, about the state of the system for supporting children with SEND.
It is not working, and we know it needs reform, but committing an extra £1 billion into the system at this crucial time was an important first step.
We face choices on how to take this system forward, and how to make it less adversarial and more focused on better life chances for our children.
One of the first steps I took was to refocus the work of the Department for Education on children with SEND.
Schools are closing across inner London, and across London more widely, for various reasons, leaving premises empty or at risk of  being sold off.
What strategic oversight is the Secretary of State taking to ensure that we get the best value for our children from these properties?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising that important issue, about which there was a lack of thinking by the previous Government on how we do this properly and seriously.
Challenges come with demographic change, but there are opportunities too.
That is why we have announced more primary-based nurseries in empty classrooms, and we can think about doing more around additional support and provision for children with special educational needs and disabilities, in particular.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
There has been a  lot of discussion about our record in government.
Under the Conservatives, England climbed international educational league tables, but what happened to Labour- run Wales?
It fell.
Under the Conservatives, youth unemployment went down and school standards improved —that is the record of the Conservative Government, which we are proud to defend.
Does the Secretary of State agree that academisation was one of the driving forces behind that very good school improvement?
I am sorry to disappoint the right hon.
Lady, but we will be talking about the Conservatives’ 14 years of failure for a very long time indeed.
rose—
Children across our country were failed by her party time and again, including the children with SEND we have heard about this afternoon—
Order.
Mr O’Brien, please, enough is enough.
We are focused on driving up standards for our children, the length and breadth of our country, by providing more teachers and improved school budgets, and by ensuring our children do not go to school in crumbling buildings, unlike the Conservative party, which made sure that our children went to school in buildings that were literally propped up.