More than any other industry, farming relies on stability and long-term planning.
That is why many people in the industry relied on undertakings given by the Secretary of State when in opposition that the Labour party in government would not change inheritance tax reliefs for farming.
Every farming business is capital-rich but revenue-poor.
Those businesses also trade in a market that has been more heavily influenced by government intervention than any other.
Agricultural property relief is not a loophole; it has been a deliberate policy of successive Governments for the past 40 years, designed to avoid the sale and break-up of family farms.
Is that still a goal to which this Government adhere?
As the NFU put it, the Government have seemingly failed to grasp
“that family farms are not just small farms, and that just because a farm is a valuable asset it doesn’t mean those who work it are wealthy.”
As the Minister will be aware, some of the figures he has just given the House have been vigorously challenged over the past few days, particularly the assertion that only one in four British farms will be affected.
Will the Minister and his Treasury colleagues publish the data behind those figures?
In particular, does the figure that 73% of farms will not be affected rely on the inclusion of very small holdings?
These changes will have a ripple effect across the whole rural community.
Will the Government publish their impact assessment for other rural businesses?
Can the Minister also explain why the Treasury has removed  the ringfence around farm support to be spent in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland?
That ringfence was introduced after the Bew review.
If it needed a review to introduce it, how can it just be abolished now out of the blue?
The Prime Minister has said in the past, and the Minister has repeated today, that food security is national security.
Can the Minister point to one measure in this Budget that makes achieving that aim easier, rather than harder?
I thank the right hon.
Member for his questions, which are serious and important, as one would expect.
Let me start by pointing out that until 1992, this relief did not exist.
The system has existed before and people have operated differently, although I accept it has been different for the past 30 years.
Turning to the figures, I encourage people to reach for the detail—to look at the actual figures.
The only thing we can go on is the claims, and the figures coming from the Treasury on claims for the last year available absolutely reflect that 73% figure.
The right hon.
Gentleman raises an important point about the ringfence; that point is under discussion, but I have made assurances that the devolved Administrations will be closely informed about, and involved in, what happens.
These are important points, and they should be treated seriously.
I do not really care for the high-profile voices that we have got attacking a Labour Government, but I do care about the family farms in my constituency.
I know that the Minister cares for those farms as well, as does the Prime Minister.
I welcome the figures we have been given.
However, those figures do need to be translated to our family farmers; they need to see what it is like on the ground.
I would welcome a meeting with NFU Cymru and the Minister to discuss what things are going to look like for farmers, especially in Gower and the rest of Wales, where there is a completely different landscape.
I thank my hon.
Friend for her contribution.
Can I say how much I enjoyed visiting Wales, with the Welsh Minister, very early in my tenure?
It was an important sign from this Government that we take farming seriously across the entire United Kingdom.
I share my hon.
Friend’s very strong points about the importance of the family farm.