The Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health says that as many as one in five young carers  could be suffering from long-term mental health conditions.
Can the Minister explain what measures the Department is taking to ensure that sufficient help is in place for people suffering from those conditions?
We want to ensure that we support young carers in school, as well as other children who may be suffering from mental health conditions.
This Government are entirely committed to supporting young people with mental health conditions, and we are making sure that there will be mental health support in every school up and down the country.
For young carers who may be experiencing increasing mental health conditions, we are expanding the attendance mentoring programme to ensure that around an extra 10,800 young carers are supported, especially in the area of mental health.[Official Report,  21 November 2024 ; Vol.
757, c. 3WC.] (
Correction)
What recent progress the independent curriculum and assessment review has made.
What progress the independent curriculum and assessment review has made.
Our independent curriculum and assessment review was launched in July.
It will support our ambition for high and rising standards for all, and for a broader curriculum with an excellent foundation in the core subjects.
The review has launched its call for evidence, and there is still time to participate.
The review will publish its interim report in early 2025, with final recommendations in autumn 2025.
Research from the University of Cambridge shows that financial habits are often set by the age of seven, yet financial education for young people is still a postcode lottery.
It is not part of the primary curriculum, and many teachers at secondary level, where it is part of the curriculum, lack resources and confidence in teaching it.
Can the Secretary of State confirm whether such foundational life skills, which all young people need in order to thrive, will be considered at all key stages in the curriculum and assessment review?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for highlighting this important area, which has been raised by many Members in the past.
I am sure the review will carefully consider what financial education young people need to meet that aim, and it will, of course, consider what support we need to provide to enable teachers to teach the reformed curriculum successfully.
I think parents will be quite alarmed by the answer given to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Central Suffolk and North Ipswich (Patrick Spencer) , as it had very little focus on academic attainment.
The Education Secretary appointed Becky Francis, who attacked the Blair Government for their obsession with academic achievement.
The National Education Union denies that school accountability should be at the heart of our  assessment system, which is wrong, so will the Secretary of State take this opportunity to rule out scrapping SATs in year 6?
I rather fear that the hon.
Gentleman and his party have learned nothing from the massive defeat inflicted upon them by voters in July.
I can assure this House that the review will be evidence-based and will not seek to fix things that are not broken.
However, I remind the hon.
Gentleman that his record is a SEND system in crisis, one in five children persistently absent from school—they cannot learn if they are not there—falling standards, a persistent disadvantage gap, and over half of disadvantaged pupils in state primary schools not leaving with the required standards in English and maths.
He might be proud of that record, but I  am not.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Last week’s Budget protects key education priorities, putting education back at the forefront of national life and breaking down barriers to opportunity for every child at every stage.