We have announced that high needs funding will increase by almost £1 billion in 2025-26 compared with 2024-25.
We will work with the sector to strengthen accountability, improve inclusivity through Ofsted, support professionals to increase SEND expertise and encourage schools to set up resourced provision or special educational needs units in mainstream schools.
My constituent Suzie waited for an education, health and care plan for her son Harrison for 42 weeks.
By law, they have to be provided within 20 weeks, so Conservative-run Kent county council took more than twice the amount of time that it should have done.
When it came, it was full of mistakes, and Harrison is now in the wrong school, his class size is too big and he does not have the specialist support he requires.
Previously, Kent county council was put in special measures to sort out the problem with EHCP provision.
Would the Secretary of State support KCC going back into special measures so that students like Harrison get the support that they deserve?
I am sorry to hear about the challenges faced by the hon.
Gentleman’s constituent.
Local authorities have been impacted by the increased   demand for education, health and care plans and by workforce capacity issues, so more efficient and effective service delivery and communication with schools and families is central to turning that around.
We will work as quickly as possible to ensure a more effective response and early identification for children, and I will take away the particular example he raises.
Devon county council is spending  £55 million on private provision for special educational needs and disabilities, without enough quality control by the county council.
State schools in mid and east Devon want to be able to help provide more SEND specialists and teaching assistants, but EHCPs are prescribing one-to-one care with just £3,000, which is hardly enough for one-to-one provision.
Will the Government consider setting up more SEND resource bases in Devon?
The hon.
Gentleman raises an important point.
It is vital for turning around the current situation faced by far too many parts of the country.
There is not sufficient mainstream inclusion for children with special educational needs, there are not enough specialist units as part of mainstream school inclusion, and we do not have the specialist places needed, so I will, of course, take away the hon.
Gentleman’s specific example.
In West Sussex, EHCP requests are running at over 120 per month.
Will the Secretary of State’s SEND reforms include measures that could make it harder to get an EHCP, potentially making it harder for children to qualify for special school places?
The hon.
Lady raises an important point.
I suspect it is on the back of 14 years of letting down children who need the education that is clearly wanting in so many parts of the country that explains the number of Members raising these issues today.
She would do well to reflect on the record of the past 14 years.
We are changing the situation as fast as we can, but it will take time.
The previous Conservative Government left SEND families in Stratford-on-Avon to fend for themselves.
I want not just additional SEND places, but continued support for children already attending specialist provision.
Further, we need proper investment in home-to-school transport.
Children were left without transport at the beginning of the academic year, depriving them of access to their education.
What are the Government doing to ensure not just that budgets reflect need, but that they do so to address the problem immediately?
I recognise the long list of challenges the hon.
Lady sets out, which she knows her constituents are facing.
Children with special educational needs and disabilities are being failed with poor outcomes, and parents are struggling to get their children the support they need and deserve.