Universities can and must do more, and they must rise to the huge challenge of technological change, supporting adults with the flexibility that they need to retrain.
That is why we confirmed in the Budget that we are pressing ahead with the lifelong learning entitlement.
While the UK is home to many world-class universities, it is time that all students in higher education in this country feel the benefit.
It is time to raise the bar further on teaching standards, to improve our world-leading reputation and drive out poor practice, and it is time to ensure that all students get good value for money, which, if we are honest, has not always been the case in the past.
Furthermore, universities must do more to raise their impact beyond their gates.
They must do more to drive the growth that this country sorely needs by attracting talent from around the world, joining with Skills England, employers and partners in further education to deliver the skills that people and businesses need, and shaping world-class research to create good jobs across the country.
Members across the House will know how important universities can be for the areas that surround them—not just local economies but local communities.
I want universities to work harder to embed themselves  in those local communities, as civic anchors—the beating heart of local life in our towns and cities—not ivory towers far from local concerns.
Lying beneath those challenges must be a further transformation: a renewed drive for efficiency.
Students and taxpayers support the costs of our universities.
They are right to expect that every penny is spent effectively.
We will not accept wasteful spending.
Universities must rise to the challenge, which means ensuring that the pay of their top teams is fair and justifiable.
I am determined that our world-class higher education sector does not merely survive in the years ahead but thrives, supporting students in every corner of our country and at every stage of their lives.
I am determined that our universities become all that I know they can be.
The scale of our ambition demands a new approach, rooted in partnership, so I look forward to partnering with the sector, the Office for Students and UK Research and Innovation.
I will work closely with Ministers across Government, in particular the Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology, to deliver a reformed and strengthened higher education system for our country.
As today the Government look to the future, I am reminded that more than 60 years have passed since the Robbins report on higher education was presented to this House, with its famous principle
“that courses of higher education should be available for all those who are qualified by ability and attainment to pursue them and who wish to do so.”
That principle drove the expansion of higher  education over the decades that followed, under successive Governments of both parties.
It is central to the thinking of this Government today.
That is why responsible Governments must treat universities not as a political battleground but as a public good.
It is why Government Members want to see the continued success of our young people, and it is why we are determined to ensure the sustainability and success of our higher education sector, not just in the years ahead but for decades to come.
I commend this statement to the House.
We want to ensure that we support young carers in school, as well as other children who may be suffering from mental health conditions.
This Government are entirely committed to supporting young people with mental health conditions, and we are making sure that there will be mental health support in every school up and down the country.
For young carers who may be experiencing increasing mental health conditions, we are expanding the attendance mentoring programme to ensure that around an extra 10,800 young carers are supported, especially in the area of mental health.
I note the hon.