The Government’s commitment to supporting farmers and rural communities is unwavering.
We have committed £5 billion in the agricultural budget over the next two years—the biggest ever budget for sustainable food production and nature recovery in our country’s history.
We are also releasing £60 million to support farmers whose farms have been devastated by severe flooding, and investing £208 million to protect the nation from potential disease outbreaks that threaten our farming industry, food security and human health.
However, as we are all only too aware, the Conservatives left behind a £22 billion black hole in our nation’s finances—[Interruption.]
Yes, you did.
And this Government have had to take tough decisions on tax, welfare and spending to fix the foundations and deliver change, including a series of decisions on tax to protect the payslips of working people.
That is possible only by making changes to other taxes, such as agricultural property relief, which was previously available to all agricultural property at a rate of 100%.
Currently, small farms can find themselves facing the same levels of tax bills as much larger farms, despite having a much smaller asset.
Twenty per cent of agricultural property relief is claimed by the top 2%; 40% is claimed by the top 7%.
That is not fair, it is not sustainable, and sadly, it has been used in some cases by wealthy landowners to avoid inheritance tax.
That is why the Government have announced plans to reform agricultural property relief.
The Secretary of State met National Farmers Union president Tom Bradshaw this morning.
We absolutely understand—[Interruption.]
Order.
Dr Mullan, I heard you before, and I am certainly not putting up with it this time.
If you want to leave, do so now, because I want to be able to hear others.
Do we understand each other?
indicated assent.
Thank you.
Carry on, Minister.
The Secretary of State met Tom Bradshaw this morning.
We completely understand farmers’ anxieties about the changes, but rural communities need a better NHS, affordable housing and public transport, and we can provide that if we make the system fairer.
The reforms to agricultural property relief mean that farmers can access 100% relief for the first £1 million and 50% relief thereafter—an effective 20% tax rate.
That means that an individual can pass up to £2 million, and a couple up to £3 million between them, to a direct descendant, inheritance tax-free.
Currently, 73% of agricultural property relief claims—
Order.
I do not know whether you are aware, Minister, but you only have three minutes.
How long will you be now?
Are you coming to the end at this minute?
In 20 seconds.
Marvellous.
Come on, then!
Seventy-three per cent of agricultural property relief claims are for less than £1 million.
The vast majority of farmers will not be affected.
They will be able to pass the family farm down to their children just as previous generations have always done.
It is a fair and balanced approach that protects family farms while also fixing the public services that those same families rely on.
It is part of a Budget that will restore economic stability and begin a decade of national renewal.
I call the Chair of the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Committee.
I remind the House of my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, for allowing this urgent question.
I also thank the Minister for his statement, but I fear that it illustrates rather well some of the lack of understanding that has brought us to this point.
More than any other industry, farming relies on stability and long-term planning.
That is why many people in the industry relied on undertakings given by the Secretary of State when in opposition that the Labour party in government would not change inheritance tax reliefs for farming.
Every farming business is capital-rich but revenue-poor.