Members raising concerns on behalf of their constituents shows the scale of the challenge that we have inherited.
We are working as quickly as we can to make the changes that families need.
It is huge, complex reform, but we are determined to fix the system.
Far too many people in my constituency of Hyndburn find the current EHCP process to be adversarial and one that fails to assess their child’s needs adequately.
As the Government work to reform the system, how can we be sure that the voices of parents and children will remain at the heart of any policy change?
I recognise what my hon.
Friend is saying.
We engage with children, young people, parents and carers in the development of policy, including through our participation contract.
Next week I will meet our National Young People’s Group, which is a diverse group of young people from across England who have special educational needs and disabilities.
They share their views and experiences with us, and I am looking forward to it.
At the recent SEND surgery that I organised with SEND Socials Birmingham, one message came through time and again: different public bodies are not working together as the Children and Families Act 2014 intended, and this is contributing to long delays and distress.
Will the Minister agree to receive representations from young people and families in south Birmingham, so that their negative experiences can at least contribute to the important work of reforming the SEND system?
Absolutely.
We are committed to working with families to deliver an improved SEND system that works for all.
We ensure that families have  access to free and impartial information, advice and support to enable them to participate as fully as possible in the decisions that affect them, but I would welcome suggestions from my hon.
Friend and parents in south Birmingham on how to improve the system.
The Minister has just agreed that there is a crisis of capacity for SEND provision in the state sector, yet the Government’s deeply misguided VAT policy on school fees is exaggerating this crisis and the crisis of EHCP assessments.
Surely the right thing to do is grant a VAT exemption on SEND children to ease the crisis.
We are committed to ensuring that pupils whose needs necessitate a place at private school are not impacted by this policy.
Where a pupil’s place in private school is funded by a local authority in England, Scotland and Wales because the pupil’s needs cannot be met in the state sector, the local authority will be able to reclaim the VAT it is charged on fees.
I refer Members to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
Hertfordshire currently receives the third lowest SEND funding in the country, but since 2015 the number of children in the county with educational, health and care plans has grown by a staggering 223%.
Does the Minister agree that funding should reflect the current need?
High-needs funding will increase by almost £1 billion in 2025-26 compared with 2024-25, bringing the total high-needs funding to £11.9 billion.
The funding will help local authorities and schools with the increasing costs of supporting children and young people with special educational needs.
On the distribution of funding, the national funding formula will be announced later in November.
What steps she is taking to help ensure that young people have the necessary skills to gain employment.
This Government are about fixing the foundations.
To help do this, we have launched an independent curriculum and assessment review, which aims to enable all young people to access rigorous and high-value qualifications and training.
We will also introduce a youth guarantee, which will help 18 to 21-year-olds to access education, training and apprenticeship opportunities, and to receive employment support.