It was an important sign from this Government that we take farming seriously across the entire United Kingdom.
I share my hon.
Friend’s very strong points about the importance of the family farm.
What we are doing here is protecting the family farm.
I have visited right around the country over the past five years, and on almost every visit, people have told me that they are concerned about people coming from outside—they often say “up London” or “down London”—with a lot of money and buying up local farmland over the heads of local people, not because they care about farming but to use that farmland for tax evasion purposes.
This policy can be helpful to family farms and protect them against—[Interruption.]
The hon.
Gentleman on the Opposition Front Bench says from a sedentary position that it will not, but it is people from his area who have been telling me about these problems.
They repeated them constantly when we were in opposition, and here are a Labour Government doing something about it.
I call the shadow Minister.
Mr Speaker,
“losing a farm is not like losing any other business—it can’t  come back.”
Those are not my words, but the words of our Prime Minister at the National Farmers Union conference just last year.
Over the weekend, we have heard gut-wrenching stories from farmers up and down the nation who feel completely and utterly betrayed by the measures in this Budget.
I ask the Minister: why does the Secretary of State continue to say that he is proud of his family farm tax?
Does the Minister realise that the vast majority of farming families are not multimillionaires?
Most are cash poor and many are struggling to break even.
How does the Secretary of State expect farmers, in his words, to do—[Interruption.]
Order.
Can I just say to  the hon.
Member for East Thanet (Ms Billington)  that I do not need any chuntering?
Do we understand?
How does the Secretary of State expect farmers to do more with less?
Why is he happy to hand our next generation of farmers an impossible tax bill?
Next, the Government claim that small family farmers will be protected, yet the Country Land and Business Association and the NFU have today disputed the Government’s figures.
Will the Minister commit to releasing a full assessment of his policy, including an impact on national food security?
While the changes to inheritance tax relief have been gaining the national headlines, there are many other negative impacts on farming businesses from the Budget.
Increased national insurance contributions, coupled with a lower national threshold; an accelerated reduction in de-linked payment rates; higher taxes on double-cab pick-up vehicles; new taxes on fertilisers—I could go on, but this all begs the question: does  the right hon.
Member for Streatham and Croydon North (Steve Reed)  actually know anything about farming at all?
More importantly, after the Secretary of State looked British farmers in the eye and specifically promised them that there would be no changes to agricultural property relief, how on earth can farmers believe a single word that his Minister is about to say?
I am very grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for promoting me to Secretary of State—I hope he has similar success in the coming hours.
The hon.
Gentleman raises a whole series of questions.
He asked again, as others have, about other elements in the Budget.
The figures are absolutely there; they were published by the Treasury and are there for all to read.
They are the facts on the estates that have made claims on agricultural property relief in the last year available. [
Interruption.]
They are there for everyone to see.
It is not difficult, it is not complicated—they are there.