I call the shadow Minister.
I think we will have to agree to disagree with the Minister about the record of the last Government on driving up apprenticeships, and in particular the work done by our colleague Robert Halfon.
Looking ahead, by how much does the Minister expect the number of full apprenticeships to grow over the course of this Parliament?
Will she publish the Department’s assessment of the move to the growth and skills levy and what that does to the number of people starting apprenticeships?
Our reformed growth and skills levy will deliver greater flexibility for learners and employers and will align with our industrial strategy, creating routes into good skilled jobs in growing industries, such as construction, digital and green skills.
We want a shorter duration of foundation apprenticeships in those targeted sectors to help more people learn new high skills at work, fuelling innovation in businesses across the country, and to provide high-quality entry pathways for young people.
We are in the process of designing the growth and skills levy, and we will set out more details in due course.
What steps she is taking to help increase the number of students undertaking vocational training courses.
Further education is vital in breaking down barriers to opportunity, driving growth and generating clean energy.
The Budget allocated £300 million to support young people and improve skills development.
In September, the Department launched a new phase of the “It all starts with skills” campaign to promote programmes such as apprenticeships and T-levels.
After 14 years of Tory decline, there is much to do in this country to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure.
A lot of people need jobs to help us achieve that.
I am glad that the new Government are working to increase the number of students being trained in the industries of the future, but will the Minister tell us how she is working across Government to make sure that more young people can find those opportunities locally, rather than having to move away from their local communities?
Central to our opportunity mission is that where someone is from should not determinewhere they end up in life.
This Government are serious about supporting young people.
We are working across Government to ensure that young people are supported in their communities through devolution, local growth plans, local skills improvement plans and the youth guarantee.
The largest provider of vocational education and training opportunities in my constituency is Harrogate college, which was previously promised more than £20 million in a combination of loans and grants under the FE capital transformation fund.
I have written repeatedly to the Government to ask if they can secure an extension to that funding period because, due to a hold-up in the planning process, it will not be able to meet the deadlines.
Will the Minister commit to guaranteeing the funding for Harrogate college for that rebuild?
The hon.
Member outlined many failings by the previous Government.
I will ask my noble Friend the Minister for Skills to meet him.
What steps her Department is taking to improve support for children with special educational needs and disabilities.
What steps her Department is taking to improve support for children with special educational needs and disabilities.
What steps her Department is taking to support children with SEND.
What steps she is taking to improve SEND provision in Warwickshire.
Every child deserves the opportunity to achieve and to thrive but, currently, far from every child has that chance.
We have announced that high needs funding will increase by almost £1 billion in 2025-26 compared with 2024-25.
We will work with the sector to strengthen accountability, improve inclusivity through Ofsted, support professionals to increase SEND expertise and encourage schools to set up resourced provision or special educational needs units in mainstream schools.
My constituent Suzie waited for an education, health and care plan for her son Harrison for 42 weeks.