This Government are entirely committed to supporting young people with mental health conditions, and we are making sure that there will be mental health support in every school up and down the country.
For young carers who may be experiencing increasing mental health conditions, we are expanding the attendance mentoring programme to ensure that around an extra 10,800 young carers are supported, especially in the area of mental health.
I note the hon.
Member’s point on that specific college.
As he will know, the Chancellor committed £1.4 billion at the Budget to drive the delivery of the current school rebuilding programme for next year.
Over the coming weeks and months, we will work with trusts and local authorities to identify which schools will be in scope.
I congratulate my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor not only on being the first woman ever to deliver a Budget to this House, but on being the first Chancellor to deliver a joined-up, grown-up Budget in 14 years.
Representing a Welsh constituency, I am proud that this Budget provides the largest funding boost—£21 billion —that Wales has received since devolution.
That is proof, if ever that were needed, that only two Labour Governments working together will ever properly listen to, understand and fight to meet the needs of the people of Wales, who have been ignored, belittled or attacked by generations of Conservatives.
We all know that our broken public services would collapse overnight without the selfless dedication of the countless women and men who, day in and day out, serve as unpaid carers.
I am particularly pleased that the Budget has raised the amount by nearly £200 a month that carers can earn before losing out on carer’s allowance.
Turning to agriculture, as co-chair of the all-party parliamentary group for farming, and having grown up on a small family farm, I know there has been much disquiet over the changes to agricultural property relief.
I have been in constant communication with our excellent local NFU policy staff since the Budget, and I am listening to their concerns and feeding them directly back to DEFRA.
It is unsurprising that farmers are worried, given that many journalists and the Conservative  party have unfortunately been selectively focusing on a £1 million figure that does not reflect the reality of the policy.
Let me seek to reassure small family farmers and repeat the words of the Exchequer Secretary to the Treasury, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Ealing North (James Murray)  last week, who said:
“The total value of a farm should not be confused with the value being passed on at death.
Multiple family members can own part of a farm.
For example, if an individual jointly owns a farm worth £3 million with their partner, only £1.5 million is in their estate at death.”
Those are wise words, which will give comfort to many who have been misled by selective and mischievous comments on the Budget.
With the additional £500,000 relief for each partner if there is a property on the farm, a farm worth up to £3 million may still pay zero inheritance tax.
Yes, this Budget recognises that family farms form part of the backbone of rural communities, but it also recognises that our rural communities rely every bit as much on strong, functioning public services.
This historic Budget calls time on austerity, and brings stability back.
I would like to remind hon.
Members of the important courtesies relating to constituency business.
You must make every effort to inform colleagues in advance whenever you intend to visit their constituency other than for purely private purposes.
This applies equally to Front Benchers and to Back Benchers.
Failure to do so is rightly regarded by colleagues as very discourteous.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps she  is taking to increase the availability of high-quality childcare.
The early years are my No.
1 priority as Education Secretary.