Some £4 million of new funding has been allocated for regional foster recruitment hubs, bringing the total amount of funding to £15 million.
I am pleased to say that these hubs will generate hundreds of new foster placements.
The teachers and staff at Hornsea school and language college do a fantastic job for their 1,300 pupils, including 90 with SEND, but they do so in crumbling buildings with leaking roofs.
With the news in last week’s   Budget that this Government will continue the Conservative’s school rebuilding programme, will the Secretary of State prioritise Hornsea school?
I note the hon.
Member’s point on that specific college.
As he will know, the Chancellor committed £1.4 billion at the Budget to drive the delivery of the current school rebuilding programme for next year.
Over the coming weeks and months, we will work with trusts and local authorities to identify which schools will be in scope.[Official Report,  21 November 2024 ; Vol.
757, c. 3WC.] (
Correction)
My constituency has some brilliant further education colleges and apprenticeship schemes, but some students struggle, retaking GCSE and functional skills maths and English over and over again.
Will the Minister consider how the process could be done better, so that those students do not end up feeling like a failure as they retake and retake?
The Department considers level 2 English and maths to be essential, so students without those qualifications are required to continue studying to achieve them.
The independent curriculum and assessment review is looking at support for students without level 2 in English and Maths at the age of 16, and further information will follow shortly.
When I visit nurseries in my constituency of Lewes, many raise serious concerns about special educational needs and disabilities provision in the early years.
Will Ministers commit to an urgent review of SEND in early years to take account of funding shortfalls and staffing challenges, and to address families’ concerns about insufficient places due to growing demand?
Ensuring that there is the right level of provision for and identification of SEND in the early years is an essential part of our review of the early years system and of the reform that is required.
In the Budget, an extra £300 million was announced for further education.
I know that the Secretary of State is a big fan of Burnley, so will she come back to Burnley with me to meet representatives of Burnley college and talk with them about their brilliant work and the expansion of the campus?
It was a pleasure to visit my hon.
Friend ahead of the election—and what a brilliant champion he is for Burnley and his constituents.
I would be very happy to visit again.
As part of setting out our commitment to further education, at the Budget we put in place an additional £300 million, alongside £300 million of capital funding for our colleges.
rose—
I call Tim Shannon—I mean, Farron. [
Laughter.]
The hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon)  and I are indeed never seen in the same place together. [
Laughter.]
Stramongate nursery school in Kendal faces closure following an Ofsted inspection.
If it had been a regular school, it would have had help to remain open under   special measures, but as it is, the nursery has to close.
Will the Secretary of State pay attention to this particular issue to ensure that the children and parents are protected, and that childcare can continue?
I will look carefully at the case and ensure that the hon.
Gentleman has a meeting with the relevant Minister to discuss it further.
Many towns and villages across my constituency have experienced rapid population growth in recent years, but education opportunities have not kept pace, so will the Minister meet me to discuss the specific investment needed to expand school places for my constituency’s growing population?
I am very happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss the matter.
I call Stuart Andrew.
Hear, hear!