I am here today to make two sets of announcements on higher education reform, addressing the challenges our students and universities face, and gripping these issues as a responsible Government.
First, we will fix the foundations.
We will secure the future of higher education so that students can benefit from a world-class education for generations to come.
That is why I am announcing that, in line with the forecasts set out in the Budget last week, from April 2025 we will be increasing the maximum cap for tuition fees in line with inflation to £9,535—an increase of £285 per academic year.[Official Report,  5 November 2024 ; Vol.
756, c. 4WC.] (
Correction)
I understand that some students may worry about the impact that the increase will have on their loan debt, so I want to reassure students already at university that when they start repaying their loan, they will not see higher monthly repayments as a result of these changes to fee and maintenance loans.
That is because student   loans are not like consumer loans; monthly repayments depend on earnings, not simply the amount borrowed or interest rates, and at the end of any loan term, any outstanding loan balance, including interest built up, will be written off.
Increasing the fee cap has not been an easy decision, but I want to be crystal clear that this will not cost graduates more each month as they start to repay their loans.
Universities are responsible for managing their own finances and must act to remain sustainable, but Members across the House will agree that it is no use keeping tuition fees down for future students if the universities are not there for them to attend, nor if students cannot afford to support themselves while they study.
I therefore confirm that we will boost support for students with living costs by increasing maximum maintenance loans in line with inflation, giving them an additional £414 a year in ’25-26.
I also confirm that from the start of the ’25-26 academic year a lower fee limit of £5,760 will be introduced for foundation years in classroom-based subjects such as business, social science and humanities.
The Government recognise the importance of foundation years for promoting access to higher education, but they can be delivered more efficiently in classroom-based subjects, at a lower cost to students.
The change that the Government are bringing about must go further, so my second set of announcements signals the start of deeper change for our students, our universities and our country.
Today, I will set out the scale of our ambition to build a higher education system fit for the challenges not just of today but of tomorrow.
In the months ahead, we will publish our proposals, because in universities, as across our public services, investment can come only with the promise of major reform.
The contribution of higher education to our economy, our communities and our country must grow and strengthen.
That begins with universities doing more to spread opportunity to disadvantaged students, in both expanding access and improving outcomes.
Our most recent data shows why.
The gap between disadvantaged students and their peers in progression to university by age 19 is the highest on record.
I will not tolerate that shameful divide any longer.
Universities can and must do more, and they must rise to the huge challenge of technological change, supporting adults with the flexibility that they need to retrain.
That is why we confirmed in the Budget that we are pressing ahead with the lifelong learning entitlement.
While the UK is home to many world-class universities, it is time that all students in higher education in this country feel the benefit.