Friend described, the human cost of that is victims waiting longer and longer for their day in court.
We have acted swiftly, increasing magistrates’ sentencing powers, but fundamental reform is needed, which is why we asked Sir Brian Leveson to undertake his review.
He will be reporting shortly and we will take his package of fundamental reforms forward, to ensure that we have reform of our Crown courts and swifter justice for victims.
I call the spokesperson for the Liberal Democrat party.
Does the Secretary of State agree with the chair of the Prison Governors’ Association that the Conservative proposal to arm prison officers with lethal weapons is just “headline-grabbing nonsense”?
Does she agree that, on top of providing  body armour, the serious means to protect prison officers is by ensuring that they get the years’ long training they deserve, not the weeks’ long crash course that the last Government left them with?
I agree with the hon.
Gentleman.
Again, people who pay attention to the detail will know that there are already mutual aid agreements in place between prisons and local police forces to ensure that if an armed response is required, it is available.
I am sure that hon.
Members from all parties will be looking forward to Olivia’s law, in memory of Olivia Pratt-Korbel, coming into force, thanks to a huge amount of support from my hon.
Friend the Member for Knowsley (Anneliese Midgley), Olivia’s family and other families.
What else can be done to ensure that murderers, rapists and other violent criminals are forced to answer in court for their crimes?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that vital question.
We are giving judges the statutory power to order offenders to attend their sentencing hearings.
We are also making it clear that reasonable force can be used, where it is necessary and proportionate to do so, to ensure that any adult offender attends when ordered to do so.
I pay tribute to the families of Jan Mustafa, Zara Aleena and Sabina Nessa, as well as to the family of Olivia Pratt-Korbel, who have all fought tirelessly to bring about this law.
This is a law for all of the victims and it is in their memory that we bring it forward.
Across my constituency I hear the same thing from parents, school staff and youth workers: early signs of offending behaviour are often missed or not acted on until it is too late; and in rural areas, stretched services and limited access to youth provision make the problem worse.
Given the success of the Haslemere youth hub, will the Lord Chancellor consider expanding community-based justice schemes to ensure young people are not drawn into the criminal justice system when they do not need to be?
The hon.
Gentleman is right that those sorts of schemes are exactly what are needed.
That is why we have increased funding for youth offending teams and protected funding for the Turnaround scheme, which is highly successful in moving people who are on the edge of youth crime away from crime.
We are continuing with that funding and we have the Young Futures prevention partnerships coming in.
A constituent who came to see me recently was significantly impacted by finding out about the release of somebody who had perpetrated a non-violent but heinous crime against him.
What more can we do to ensure that all victims are notified when the perpetrator is released?
My sympathies are with my hon.
Friend’s constituent.
It is vital that victims are notified.
Those victims who are currently eligible for the victim notification scheme should be given a victim liaison  officer to find out about their cases, but we know that there is more to do.
We are bringing forward a new victim notification scheme in our Victims and Courts Bill, which will for the first time provide a dedicated helpline to get such information to victims and survivors.