Is the Secretary of State aware that immediately bringing Thames Water into special administration and permanent public ownership would cut the company’s massive debt mountain in half, stop the payment of huge dividends and debt payments into the future, and within just several years actually start turning a profit for the people of this country?
I beg to slightly correct my hon.
Friend.
Special administration is not nationalisation and nationalisation would cost in excess of £100 billion—money we would have to take away from other public services to hand to the bosses of the water companies who caused this mess in the first place.
I do not think taxpayers would welcome that.
I received a note in my inbox today from the Government engagement lead for north Thames valley that says that Thames Water will run out of money in summer 2026.
Will the Government commit to taking Thames Water into special administration and unburden the company of its debt via its creditors, or will Members be required to block their diaries for summer 2026 for another recess recall?
As I am sure the hon.
Gentleman is aware, there are procedures to follow that would require any regulated company to go into special administration.
As things stand, Thames Water remains stable and there is a market-led solution on the table.
We expect Thames Water to follow through on that.
This is another example of the previous Government’s failure to get a grip of our water system.
Meanwhile, just last week this Government fined Yorkshire Water £350,000.
My constituents are really upset to see their water bills going up.
Can my right hon.
Friend assure me that he will never let our national infrastructure get as bad as those on the Conservative Benches did?
Absolutely; we intend to clear up the mess the previous Government made.
The fine that my hon.
Friend refers to—indeed, there have been others—is the result of the additional criminal investigations we have launched, which follow on from the additional resources we have given the regulator so that it can investigate what is going wrong and then take action.
What a difference between this Labour Government, who are putting our water companies under special measures, and the previous Government, who let them get away with it and line their pockets.
I find it deeply depressing to hear the Secretary of State say that somehow or other there is a market solution there for Thames Water.
We have had 35 years of excessive profits, pollution and rising bills.
He knows he will have to take Thames Water into public ownership at some point.
He quotes this strange figure of £100 billion in compensation, but surely if we took it into public ownership, Parliament would set the price at which we would purchase the  company, taking into account excessive profits, pollution, damage and the destruction of so many people’s lives through the way Thames Water has behaved.
Will the Secretary of State be tough with it for once and say that water is a human right, and that it should be publicly owned and publicly run?
Water is indeed a human right, which is why this Government are taking every step necessary to sort out the broken water system that we inherited from the previous Government.
The situation at Thames Water is deeply disturbing, and in my constituency of Camborne, Redruth and Hayle—the home of Surfers Against Sewage—there is now deep anxiety that this commercial insecurity will spread.
With only three prosecutions and no meaningful penalties under the previous Government, is it not clear that the Conservatives prioritised the polluters instead of protecting the environment and customers?