Victims of child sexual abuse are victims of some of the most heinous crimes in our society.
That is why it is important that we get on with addressing the recommendations of the Alexis Jay review.
We are putting measures in our Crime and Policing Bill and strengthening the Victims and Courts Bill to ensure that victims of such crimes are put at the heart of the criminal justice system and that the perpetrators feel the full force of the law.
What assessment she has made of the potential merits of reviewing sentencing for peaceful protesters.
It is a long-standing tradition in this country that people are free to peacefully protest and demonstrate their views provided they do so within the law.
When people break the law, sentencing is a matter for the courts, which have a range of powers to deal with offenders effectively and appropriately.
Peaceful protest is a cornerstone of a functioning and healthy democracy, but people in Stroud and across the country felt that the legislation passed by the Conservatives in 2022 limited the right to peacefully protest.
One of my constituents, Adam Beard, with whom I have worked for over five years in my GP surgery, was convicted and sentenced to a year in prison for planning a peaceful protest.
Given all the prison overcrowding, will the Minister consider whether peaceful protesters could at least avoid custodial sentences?
The right to peacefully protest is a cornerstone of our democracy, as my hon.
Friend rightly says, and this Government will protect and preserve that right.
The post-legislative scrutiny of the Public Order Act 2023 began this month, and we will carefully consider the results of that review, along with the recommendations of the independent sentencing review.
While we might not agree with their methods, peaceful protests can take many forms, including the burning of religious  texts.
Does the Minister agree that freedom of expression must be protected and that any move by Parliament or the courts to introduce a blasphemy law would undermine it?
The hon.
Member will be reassured to know that we do not have a blasphemy law in this country, and that is the right and proper position.
If she will take steps to allow humanist celebrants to conduct legally binding weddings.
Humanists have long campaigned to conduct legally binding weddings, and we are grateful for the contribution they make to our society.
Marriage is an important institution and we have to consider any changes carefully.
The Government will set out our position on weddings reform in due course.
I refer the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
I understand that Ministers are focused on wider marriage reform, but there is a much quicker and simpler process by which to enable humanist marriages, which is to act on the High Court ruling of 2020 that the current law is discriminatory.
Will Ministers therefore lay an order so that humanist couples and celebrants can have legal recognition for their ceremonies in line with their beliefs, the same as their religious counterparts?
No one will be more excited to don a hat for the first legally binding humanist wedding than me.
However, we must consider whether legislating to provide for humanist marriage would introduce further differential treatment in this complex area of law.
That is why we need to make sure that we take the time to get this right.
It would also not address other issues in marriage law that affect all groups.
As a responsible Government, we have to consider this before we set out our position.
I appreciate that means that the hon.
Lady will have to wait just a little bit longer.
What steps her Department is taking to support the operation of HMP Lewes.
Since the disappointing inspection in 2023, healthcare improvement funding has been put in place, as has mobile phone detection equipment to disrupt illicit activity.