Will the Minister please set up an expert committee to at least advise on how to bring forward a resentencing exercise urgently?
It is right and proper that IPP sentences were abolished.
Various organisations have considered resentencing.
None of them has identified  an approach that would not involve releasing offenders whom the Parole Board has determined pose too great a risk to the public.
We do not wish to give false hope to those serving the sentence by establishing an expert panel, but we will continue to work robustly with this group and do everything in our power to address the problem that we recognise.
What steps her Department is taking to help support ex-offenders into employment.
This Government’s plan to support women is clear and ambitious.
The aim is to reduce the number of women going to prison.
Our Women’s Justice Board will support that.
The independent sentencing review’s recommendations—[Interruption.]
I am on the wrong question; apologies. [
Interruption.]
Well, you got a preview of the next answer, Mr Speaker.
We are committed to ensuring that offenders leave prison with the jobs and skills needed to lead law-abiding lives.
That is why we have launched regional employment councils, which for the first time bring businesses together with prisons, probation and the Department for Work and Pensions to support offenders in the community.
We got there eventually!
Employment is crucial to reducing reoffending, and data shows that offenders who are employed within six weeks of leaving prison have a reoffending rate around half of those out of work.
Will the Minister outline how the regional employment councils, including in Southport and the Liverpool city region at large, will help to drive down reoffending?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that securing employment is known to reduce the risk of reoffending significantly.
The Minister for prisons in the other place has led a business with a track record of getting offenders into employment, and I understand that National Highways is starting to build strong partnerships as chair of the employment councils in Manchester, Merseyside and Cheshire.
I thank the Minister for his answers.
To help offenders into employment, they need to have the opportunity of training while in prison, and whenever they leave prison to go back into the societies where they live they need someone there to oversee them and ensure they are following the right path.
Will the Minister outline how the Government will ensure that that is the case?
He is a good Minister, so will he share his ideas with the policing and justice Minister in Northern Ireland, to ensure that the good things that happen here can happen in Northern Ireland as well?
I am very happy to share good practice across Northern Ireland and other regions of the UK, so that we can all learn from one another, and officials meet in the five nations group, as the hon.
Gentleman well knows.
He is right to say that we need to ensure that people are supported as they move into the community.
That is why we are investing in probation,  as my right hon.
Friend the Lord Chancellor said, onboarding more than 1,000 probation officers this year and another 1,300 next year.
What steps her Department is taking to support female offenders.
My hon.
Friend has had a preview of this answer!
This Government’s plan to support women is clear and ambitious.
The aim is to reduce the number of women going to prison.
Our Women’s Justice Board will support that.
The independent sentencing review’s recommendations on short, deferred and suspended sentences for women, which we have accepted in principle, will reduce the number of women in prison.
We have also taken decisive action by immediately accepting Susannah Hancock’s recommendation no longer to place women in young offenders institutions.
I thank the Minister for his preview.