In my constituency of Mid Dunbartonshire, the community justice team are having some success in preventing reoffending by working with offenders in a trauma-informed way.
Given the success of that trauma-informed approach to rehabilitation, what discussions has the Minister had regarding the differing approaches that are taken to offender rehabilitation across the UK?
The hon.
Member is right to highlight the good work going on in her constituency.
As I said, I saw trauma-informed activity in operation at HMP Humber.
It is something we need to learn from across the prison estate.
Dyslexia is vastly over-represented in the prison population.
While 10% of the general population are dyslexic, it is thought that as many as half of all prisoners have dyslexia.
Does the Minister consider rehabilitation programmes to effectively meet the specific needs of dyslexic prisoners?
The hon.
Member is right to highlight dyslexia, and neurodiversity is common among people in our prisons.
That is why we have neurodiversity officers in each prison to ensure that we are doing our very best for these people so that they can be rehabilitated and become better citizens when they come out of prison.
The former chief inspector of prisons said that LandWorks in my constituency
“provides one of the best examples in the country of how we can reduce reoffending, turn lives around and prevent future victims.”
Its reoffending rate is just 6%.
The Government have announced £2.3 billion towards prison builds over the next two years.
When will they commit to investing in projects like LandWorks that can radically reduce the prison population, transform the lives of offenders and cut crime?
Third sector organisations like LandWorks deliver valuable rehabilitation, wellbeing support and advocacy services across England and Wales, and they partner effectively with HMPPS in many different ways.
The work of key organisations like the one the hon.
Member mentions is incredibly important and essential in reducing reoffending, and we continue to invest in it.
I would be happy to meet her to discuss the matter further and see what more can be done.
Lack of work is a key driver of reoffending.
Derby medical manufacturing company Pennine Healthcare has some offenders who work for the company on day release, but it is exploring a project to manufacture in prisons, providing skills and potential work on release.
Does the Minister agree that, rather than the continuing revolving  door of reoffending, we need to ensure that there is both punishment and meaningful rehabilitation?
May I invite the Minister to visit and learn more about the project?
My hon.
Friend highlights yet another piece of excellent work that is going on across our prison estate in partnership with other organisations.
Again, if she writes to me, I would be happy to allow my diary manager to see how my diary is performing.
The north-east charity Nepacs runs departure lounges across prisons in the north-east, including at HMP Holme House, which serves Teesside.
Its work is critical in giving prison leavers a central point of support to prevent reoffending and help them reintegrate into society, but the Probation Service has cut its funding and it faces closure.
Will the Minister meet me to talk about how the increased funding that we are providing to the Probation Service can be used to protect this vital service?
My hon.
Friend highlights another excellent piece of work that is going on, and the difficulties in ensuring that funding is effectively used as we move forward in a difficult situation due to the funding inheritance that we had from the previous Government.
If he writes to me about that particular case, I will be very happy to meet him.
Prison has two purposes: rehabilitation and punishment.
We need offenders to pay back to the communities and individuals they have harmed.
I welcome my hon.
Friend’s actions to punish offenders in the community.
Can I give him a list of all the potholes that need filling in Norfolk?