Friend points to are to do with a lack of investment throughout the entire period of the previous Government, so I was delighted that just before Christmas we secured a commitment to £104 billion of private sector investment.
That is the single biggest investment in our water sector in its entire history and will be the second biggest private sector investment into any part of the economy under this Government.
We are serious about clearing up the Conservatives’ sewage mess.
Thames Waters is a massive stakeholder in my constituency, and the biggest landowner.
We have half of London’s drinking water in four raised reservoirs and we have a fair chunk of the Thames, from Staines to Sunbury.
For 11 months now, I have been trying to get a meeting with Thames Water.
I appreciate that it has had one or two other things on its mind recently, but can the Secretary of State use his good offices to encourage Thames Water to meet me?
I agree with the hon.
Gentleman; the water companies—Thames Water and all the others—should of course engage with MPs who are seeking to represent the interests of their constituents.
I would be very happy to approach Thames Water on his behalf to ensure that he gets the meeting he seeks.
My constituents, like those of my colleagues, are gravely concerned about the increase in their water bills, but I am also as concerned as them about the impact on business.
Crayford town centre was closed again last month—the third year on the trot—because of rotting infrastructure.
What assurances can the Secretary of State give to my constituents that no matter what happens, we will continue to invest in infrastructure to ensure that those kinds of closures finally end?
My hon.
Friend will be aware of the action we have taken through the Water (Special Measures) Act 2025 to give the regulator the power it needs to ban the unjustified bonuses that water bosses were able to pay themselves under the previous Government.
The era where they could profit from pollution ended when that Government ended.
The Green party has campaigned for the public ownership of water since the year dot, unlike certain cynical opportunists behind me on the Reform Benches.
We know allowing privatised monopolies to control water leaves infrastructure crumbling, waterways running with sewage, sky-high bills, and shareholders laughing all the way to the bank.
Given this obscene and fundamental failure, why will the Government not even consider bringing water back into public hands, where it belongs?
The problems facing the water sector are to do with failures of governance and regulation.
We need to tackle the actual problems, not the imagined ones.
If we were to seek to nationalise the water sector, that would cost in excess of £100 billion that would have to be taken away from services such as the national health service or education.
It would take years to unpick the current model of ownership, during which time there would be no investment and water pollution would get worse.
From the example of Scotland, we know that nationalisation is not the answer, because there are also problems with pollution there.
We will ensure that our priority is pure water, not the purity of the hon.
Lady’s ideology.
As Thames Water dumped sewage into the Cut and the Blackwater in my constituency, the Conservative Government washed their hands not in it, but of it.
This Government are acting to ban bonuses, to issue the biggest fine we have seen from Ofwat and to bring in criminal liability.
As we seek more action to get to grips with the Thames Water crisis, will the Secretary of State commit to putting two things at the forefront of his mind: first, our  environment and cleaning the sewage; and, secondly, making sure that customers and our constituents get a fair deal?
I am sure my hon.