This Government are acting to ban bonuses, to issue the biggest fine we have seen from Ofwat and to bring in criminal liability.
As we seek more action to get to grips with the Thames Water crisis, will the Secretary of State commit to putting two things at the forefront of his mind: first, our  environment and cleaning the sewage; and, secondly, making sure that customers and our constituents get a fair deal?
I am sure my hon.
Friend will be pleased to know that we have launched 81 criminal investigations into water companies for pollution and other failings—a dramatic increase on what we inherited from the previous Government.
I am sure he will recall that they cut the resources to the regulator in half.
Despite the appalling financial inheritance, we increased resources by 9% at the Budget and we have now introduced the polluter pays principle, so that where there is a successful prosecution of a water company, that company will pay the price of the investigation, so that further investigations and prosecutions can follow.
Thames Water is teetering on the brink, investors are running for the hills and my constituents are paying the price for its mismanagement through soaring bills.
All the while, it is spending hundreds of millions of pounds on a proposed sewage recycling project at Teddington lock on the River Thames in my constituency, which will at best be used every two years and which some cynics suggest is designed entirely to boost its balance sheet.
This morning, the Secretary of State committed to my constituent Ian McNuff that he would come and visit the site to look at the impact of the proposed project.
Will he reiterate that commitment today?
My hon.
Friend and neighbour  the Member for Richmond Park (Sarah Olney)  and I would be delighted to welcome him.
As I said to the hon.
Lady’s constituent, I would be happy to visit if my diary allows.
In any case, I would be very happy to ensure she gets a meeting with the Minister for Water to discuss her concerns around Teddington.
Does the Secretary of State agree that it comes to something when the Opposition seem to be suggesting that Thames Water should maybe not be sanctioned, because that may put its preferred bidder at risk, when it had rejected others?
Jon Cunliffe suggested stronger regulation, not weaker.
Is it not clear that the direction that this Government are going in must be the right one?
I agree.
The whole mess we inherited was due to the previous Government letting the water companies get away with it; people were paying themselves multimillion-pound bonuses as they profited from pollution.
That ended when the Conservative Government were defeated.
We are putting the water companies under tough special measures and we will focus them on serving their customers and the environment, not themselves.
Does the Secretary of State think that the situation might improve if Thames Water executives were obliged to sign up to performance-related pay?
That is a very interesting proposal.
I hope the right hon.
Gentleman will suggest it to Sir Jon Cunliffe, who is currently looking at a better way to regulate.
I note the Secretary of State’s reluctance to entertain public ownership, but I draw his attention to research from the University of Greenwich that shows that bringing water into public ownership would pay for itself within about seven years and that, after that, it would save the public purse up to £2.5 billion a year.
Is the Secretary of State aware that immediately bringing Thames Water into special administration and permanent public ownership would cut the company’s massive debt mountain in half, stop the payment of huge dividends and debt payments into the future, and within just several years actually start turning a profit for the people of this country?
I beg to slightly correct my hon.
Friend.