I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
I reassure him that the Government stand ready for any eventuality and will take action as required.
We are not looking at nationalisation because it would cost over £100 billion of public money, which would have to be taken away from other public services, such as the national health service, to be given to the owners of the water companies.
It would take years to unpick the current model of ownership, during which time pollution would get worse.
We know that nationalisation is not the answer, because we need only look at the situation in Scotland to see that.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Under the Conservatives, Thames Water was allowed to pile up nearly £20 billion of debt while pumping sewage into rivers and lakes for 300,000 hours just last year, but rewarding its shareholders with £130 million of dividends.
Today, Thames Water’s customers have been left in the lurch, and the Conservatives seem to think it is because we have all been a bit too mean about Thames Water.
The price must not be paid by the customers.
Will the Secretary of State ensure that those who were responsible for making dreadful decisions rightly bear the cost instead?
Is it not right for the company now to go into special administration, and to emerge from administration as a public interest company?
Is it not also right that all water companies, including the likes of United Utilities in the north-west, move to a public interest model, so that caring for the environment matters more than profit?
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Witney (Charlie Maynard)  has done more to hold Thames Water to account than Ofwat, this Government or their predecessor.
Does that not prove that regulation has failed, and that   Ofwat should be abolished, with a new, powerful clean water authority given the power to clean up our lakes and rivers, and our industry?
I thank the hon.
Member for his question.
There is a procedure to be followed for special administration, and we stand ready should that be required, in this case or any other case involving the regulated industries.
He may have had a chance today to look at the interim report, on which Sir Jon Cunliffe is inviting comments ahead of the final report in about a month.
That report will form the basis of future legislation to fix the regulatory mess we inherited from the Conservative party.
Only the Conservatives could come here and defend Thames Water.
The rest of the country has seen what an appalling performance this company has given during the 35 years since privatisation.
I think it is time we put this company out of its misery, but we must do so in a way that does not bring the debts it has run up on to the taxpayer or the bill payers.
Can my right hon.
Friend say whether one of his options is preparing for that eventuality?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
We are prepared for every eventuality, as I have outlined, and we will take whatever action is necessary to ensure the continuing supply of water to customers in the Thames Water region and elsewhere.
I call the Chair of the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Committee.
Under the £3 billion loan that Thames Water has negotiated, the first drawdown of £1.5 billion will be on  30 June , which is less than four weeks away.
That is contingent on Thames Water having a lock-up agreement in respect of a recapitalisation transaction, but it now has no partner to provide that.
It of course chose to proceed with just one option, which has now walked away.