One family told me that their young daughter was killed by an unlicensed, uninsured driver.
They were asked to alter their victim impact statement several times to avoid offending the defendant and were denied the chance to fully express their grief.
That experience is shared by many others.
Will the Justice Secretary take steps to ensure that victims’ families have full autonomy over their statements, so that they can express their experiences freely in court?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that question.
I also had the privilege of meeting those families in March, and I heard their concerns.
I know personally how important victim personal statements  are to ensuring that victims’ and families’ voices are heard.
I do not want there to be any circumstances in which they feel unable to make a statement.
However, these statements are considered evidence, and the rules of admissibility apply, as they do to all witness statements.
That is a matter for the courts, but we will keep looking at the issue.
I call the shadow Justice Secretary.
Can I first say how sorry I was to hear that the Minister was the subject of intimidation and an attack on her office?
I think all of us across the House would like to wish her and her staff well, and to say how pleased we are that the vile individuals behind this have been caught and punished.
In September, the Justice Secretary designed an early release scheme for prisoners.
She let out Lawson Natty, who supplied the machete used to kill a 14-year-old, and Adam Andrews, who shook a baby so violently that he was left blind and paralysed.
She is now halving prison sentences for killers and rapists, while Lucy Connolly remains behind bars for a reprehensible but swiftly deleted tweet.
Does the Justice Secretary really believe that her choices are making the public safer?
This Government are making choices to keep this country safer, and are cleaning up the mess left after the previous Government led our criminal justice system to rack and ruin.
They left this Government to make the difficult decisions, when we came into office, that were necessary to prevent the total collapse of our criminal justice system.
It is worth reminding the House again, because the Conservatives seem to have very short memories, that they only built an additional 500 prison places.
This Government are rolling up our sleeves and getting on with the difficult job of building the prison places necessary to keep violent offenders in prison, while putting victims back at the heart of our criminal justice system.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Between October 2023 and June 2024, the last Conservative Government released 10,083 offenders under their early release scheme, and refused to exempt domestic abusers from early release, to the horror of survivors and victims charities.
The Government have made no such exclusion from their early release scheme so far, but they have the chance to put that right via the new domestic abuse identifier that they are introducing after lots of campaigning by the Liberal Democrats and others.
Will the Minister today give survivors and victims charities a commitment that as soon as the identifier comes into force, it will be used to exempt domestic abusers from early release, in the way that the last Government failed to?
I thank the hon.
Member for pointing out the failures of the previous Government, and their refusal to exempt domestic abusers and offenders who have committed violence against women and girls from their early release scheme; this Government ensured that measures were in place to ensure that victims were kept safe.
He will know the importance of the new domestic abuse identifying tool that we are bringing forward.
It is a vital for identifying and tracking data  through the criminal justice system, and it will be important as we go forward with the reviews that we are putting in place.