It is vital that victims are notified.
Those victims who are currently eligible for the victim notification scheme should be given a victim liaison  officer to find out about their cases, but we know that there is more to do.
We are bringing forward a new victim notification scheme in our Victims and Courts Bill, which will for the first time provide a dedicated helpline to get such information to victims and survivors.
The Secretary of State recently announced that paedophiles will be castrated ahead of early release from prison, which turns out to be nothing more than taking some pills that may—I repeat “may”—reduce their libido.
Will the Secretary of State confirm here and now that no paedophile prisoner will be released from prison early until it has been proven that the medication has effectively castrated them?
Chemical suppression is a mechanism used by other jurisdictions around the world, and it has been shown to work.
The previous Government sat on a pilot for years on end and did nothing.
I have said that I will pull every lever at our disposal to deal with sex offending once and for all.
A family court judge who would have made decisions in relation to many abused children was recently found guilty by the High Court of abusing their own adopted children.
Does the Minister agree that protecting the anonymity of members of the judiciary who have abused their children, particularly when it relates so intimately to their own work in court, risks undermining public trust in our legal system?
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight an absolutely appalling case, and the thoughts of everyone in this House are with the children who were victims of that abuse.
The independent judiciary has ruled on this.
This Government believe in transparency in our family courts, and that is why we are working to expand the use of transparency orders, but we have to respect the independence of our judiciary, which has ruled in this particular case, not least for the reason of protecting the children in that case.
Lord Hermer says that we are not even trying to reform the convention.
Why not?
I do not know what the right hon.
Member is referring to, because the Government have already announced that we are considering the way in which our human rights laws are applied in immigration cases.
I am the policy owner for the European convention on human rights, and I am considering its application within our domestic laws as well.
I do not know what other reassurance he needs.
I welcome the Lord Chancellor’s commitment to tightening up exclusion zones.
Knowsley has some of the highest rates of domestic abuse in the country, so that kind of action will be important for victims.
Does she agree that an offender’s freedom should never come before a victim’s right to feel and be safe?
My hon.
Friend raises such an important point.
I have been struck by so many meetings with victims in which they feel that the exclusion zones,  as currently constructed, effectively make them constrained, rather than the offenders.
That is why I want to move to restriction zones for offenders, and we will bring forward our proposals in the upcoming sentencing Bill.
Rural communities often find it even more difficult to access legal aid providers than in urban areas.
What steps is the Minister taking to help to provide access to legal aid to people in rural areas?
It is vital that those who need legal aid—some of the most vulnerable people in our society—can access it.
We are funding provisions such as Advicenow, which is an online provision.
We also ensure through our contracting process through the Legal Aid Agency that there is provision right across the country to ensure that no one, including those in rural areas, struggles to access legal aid.
My constituent Claire Ball was sexually abused as a child.