Lady will have to wait just a little bit longer.
What steps her Department is taking to support the operation of HMP Lewes.
Since the disappointing inspection in 2023, healthcare improvement funding has been put in place, as has mobile phone detection equipment to disrupt illicit activity.
HMP Lewes’s most recent inspection in 2024 was encouraging and highlighted the strengths of the invigorated leadership team.
His Majesty’s Prison and Probation Service is continuing to closely monitor and support the prison.
The latest inspection of HMP Lewes found that levels of violence, self-harm and drug use remain notably worse than at other reception prisons, with just one third of prisoners engaged in education or employment and many spending as little as two hours a day out of their cells.
While the new governor has been praised for making some real improvements, the prison  is still described as being “trapped in a cycle” of boredom, short-staffing and drug misuse.
What specific steps are the Government taking to support the governor’s efforts, to ensure that these early improvements can be turned into lasting change?
It is important that HMPPS continues to monitor the prison carefully, and the chief operating officer’s visit on  7 May  found a number of further improvements.
If the hon.
Gentleman wants to write to me, I can send him a full update on the actions being taken in relation to that prison.
On the topic of prison operations, we need effective scrutiny of privatised contracts for prison maintenance because those contracts have been detrimental for prisons.
Will the Minister release the last Government’s report recommending more privatisation of prison maintenance, suitably redacted if necessary, for full transparency and to avoid any accusations of a cover-up?
My hon.
Friend will be well aware that a lot of the information is commercially confidential, but we are investing up to £300 million in 2025-26 to keep our prisons are safe and secure, and we have a prison estate conditions survey programme in place to better understand our estate.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of rehabilitative programmes in prisons.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of rehabilitative programmes in prisons.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of rehabilitative programmes in prisons.
What assessment her Department has made of the potential merits of increasing support for rehabilitation programmes.
A key priority of this Government is that our prisons rehabilitate offenders, making them better citizens rather than better criminals.
I take this opportunity to pay tribute to the fantastic prison staff, who mentor and support prisoners in custody every day.
I saw at first hand the benefit of the creating future opportunities programme when I visited HMP Humber in April.
Prisons have an important role in protecting the public and punishing criminals, but they are also vital to rehabilitation.
Given that around half of prisoners reoffend within a year of being released, what steps are the Government taking to ensure that programmes to address mental health, addiction and education are not only available, but effective and consistently delivered across the prison estate, including in our prison in Winchester?
The hon.
Member is right to emphasise all those programmes.
They are clearly extremely important, and we publish and monitor a range of performance metrics linked to rehabilitative programme delivery, including employment at six weeks and six months post-release, or at the start of a community order, and engagement with substance misuse treatment.
All those measures are in place and are properly monitored, but as always, there is more to be done in this area.
In my constituency of Mid Dunbartonshire, the community justice team are having some success in preventing reoffending by working with offenders in a trauma-informed way.
Given the success of that trauma-informed approach to rehabilitation, what discussions has the Minister had regarding the differing approaches that are taken to offender rehabilitation across the UK?
The hon.