The Government have also increased compensation from what we inherited from the previous Government, so her constituents who suffer from the kinds of problems she outlined can expect far better compensation as a result of this Government’s actions.
I declare an interest as a Thames Water customer.
The reality is that Thames Water is bankrupt.
It cannot pay its debts and it cannot meet its legal obligations to Ofwat, the state and its customers.
Therefore, surely the right thing to do is to put it out of its misery, and put it into special administration for £1.
The shareholders and the debt holders know—caveat emptor—that they have all blown their dough.
If the Government buy it for £1, which would be a good deal for the taxpayer, it will not have to pay huge, egregious rates of interest and taxpayers and customers will be the beneficiaries.
I respectfully point out to the hon.
Gentleman that Reform cares so much about the problems facing our water system that it did not mention it even once in its general election manifesto.
What he is proposing—nationalising the water sector—would cost in excess of £100 billion, which is money that Reform would have to take away from the services, such as the national health  service, on which his constituents rely.
I think they would be very ill-served by him if he were to take away that funding, and push up the waiting lists we have just started to see coming down as a result of this Government’s investment.
As a neighbouring MP, the Secretary of State will know the level of outrage in my constituency at the continuous failures of Thames Water, including the five-day period earlier this year during which residents were left without water.
Given that this Labour Government have introduced measures to make polluting water company executives criminally liable and to ban unjustified bonuses, does he agree that we are finally seeing accountability brought back to the water sector?
I thank my hon.
Friend, and indeed neighbour, for his question, and I know what a strong water champion he is on behalf of his constituents.
His constituents, much like everybody else’s, will now benefit from increased compensation when there are failures.
I agree with him that one of the problems we inherited from the previous Government was having a failing system with no accountability at all, so it is quite right that we have introduced new criminal liabilities and potentially prison time for polluting water bosses, and that we have given the regulator the power to ban the unfair and undeserved multimillion-pound bonuses they got away with under the Conservatives.
Does the Secretary of State agree with Thames Water’s own expert adviser Teneo—on page 193 of the expert advice report—that the ultimate cost to the Government if the company goes into special administration will be zero?
The point is that there is a market-led solution on the table and I expect Thames Water to follow through on that.
It is possible for an American private equity company to walk away from Thames Water, but my constituents cannot.
When water company bosses fail, it is our residents who pay: in sewage discharged into rivers and in their crumbling pipes and drainage.
I am therefore glad that the Government have taken bonuses off of failing bosses, but what more can the Government do to tilt incentives towards investment in our infrastructure so that my constituents get some relief?
The problems that my hon.
Friend points to are to do with a lack of investment throughout the entire period of the previous Government, so I was delighted that just before Christmas we secured a commitment to £104 billion of private sector investment.
That is the single biggest investment in our water sector in its entire history and will be the second biggest private sector investment into any part of the economy under this Government.
We are serious about clearing up the Conservatives’ sewage mess.