We are investing in probation.
Funding will increase by £700 million by the final year of the spending review.
That is a 45% increase in annual budgets, which will fund further recruitment on top of the 1,300 officers we will recruit this year and the 1,000 officers we recruited in the previous year.
That will support our investment in services that rehabilitate offenders and cut crime.
The Lord Chancellor admitted in a recent interview with The Times that her sentencing reforms will create “inevitable tensions” with the Government’s efforts to halve knife crime and rates of violence against women and girls.
It sounds like she does not really believe in these reforms, which have been trotted out by David Gauke, the Prisons Minister in the other place and the Prison Reform Trust.
Does the Lord Chancellor realise that none of them is elected, and that if this package fails to keep our streets safe and restore the criminal justice system, the country will hold her and this Government to account?
I think the country will hold to account those responsible for the absolute mess that this Government inherited.
Nowhere in the right hon.
Gentleman’s question did he acknowledge that under the Government of which he was a member and for which he campaigned, prisons were brought to the brink of collapse.
These reforms are necessary.
This Government will not allow our prisons to run out of places—the one thing everybody agrees we cannot allow to happen.
The only reason that is a possibility is because of the Tory party.
When the Minister of State for Courts and Legal Services plans to meet the hon.
Member for Horsham’s constituent Andrew Turner to discuss locked child trust funds.
I am well aware of the hon.
Gentleman’s campaign to support young adults who lack mental capacity in accessing their child trust fund.
I know that he met my predecessor, and following work that I am carrying out with counterparts in other Departments, I will be very pleased to meet him.
My constituent has been through no fewer than eight Justice Secretaries, looking for a solution to the problem of locked child trust funds; he has had to start over again each time from scratch.
Will the Minister give me and Mr Turner a clear understanding of what exactly the legal impediment is to a solution, and of what part of Government the objection is coming from, so that we can make a legal challenge to it, if necessary?
The hon.
Member will understand, as will Mr Turner, that we have to balance the desire to support young adults who lack capacity in accessing what is their property by right with the need to ensure that everybody who needs to access those child trust funds has the proper legal authority to do so.
Safeguards need to be in place, not least to ensure that those vulnerable adults are protected from economic abuse.
That is why we must work very carefully across Government to ensure that those protections are kept in place.
What steps her Department is taking to ensure adequate monitoring of the community accommodation service tier 3.
We inherited a system in which far too many people leave prison with no fixed address.
Individuals in community accommodation service tier 3 are risk-assessed by probation and subject to ongoing monitoring.
Suppliers work closely with probation to deal robustly with any behavioural concerns posed by residents.
Thanet House in Leatherhead has rightly been withdrawn from the CAS3 scheme following serious concerns, including about drug dealing, antisocial behaviour and safeguarding risks.
Despite raising my constituents’ concerns numerous times, I have received no response from the probation delivery unit.
Will the Secretary of State ensure that robust monitoring and clear accountability are in place across all CAS3 properties, and commit to ensuring that the Probation Service responds promptly to concerns raised by MPs and local residents?