We are funding provisions such as Advicenow, which is an online provision.
We also ensure through our contracting process through the Legal Aid Agency that there is provision right across the country to ensure that no one, including those in rural areas, struggles to access legal aid.
My constituent Claire Ball was sexually abused as a child.
As an adult, she faced her abuser in court.
He was allowed to provide character references.
Her good character was called into question, yet she was not allowed character references.
Will my hon.
Friend take steps to rectify this unfairness for victims such as Claire?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that vital point.
This Government are looking at character references carefully, and we will bring forward information on that in due course.
My constituent’s child was the victim of a serious sexual offence several years ago.
By the time the case comes to trial next year, it will have been nearly half a decade since the assault took place.
Does the Lord Chancellor think that that is an appropriate length of time for a child to have to wait to seek justice?
What words of comfort can she give to my constituent?
The hon.
Lady highlights an absolutely appalling case.
If she is asking whether I think that is acceptable, the answer is no.
As my hon.
Friend the Victims Minister said, justice delayed is justice denied.
It is for that reason that we have asked Sir Brian Leveson to recommend bold and fundamental reform.
The hon.
Lady has just described the human consequence of the Crown court backlog that we inherited from the past Government, and we will fix the mess.
Last week I visited Meadow Road youth centre to see the fantastic work that Lloyd and other youth workers are doing to provide an outlet for young people.
However, it could be closed down due to funding uncertainty.
Does the Minister agree that sporting centres such as that reduce youth offending and are hubs for rehabilitation?
Will my hon.
Friend commit to Dudley getting its fair share of funding and to keeping the centre open?
Centres such as the one that my hon.
Friend describes in her constituency do excellent work and help to reduce youth offending.
If she writes to me about the case that she refers to, I will look into it.
My constituent Charlotte—a victim of abuse herself—has long campaigned for justice through transcripts and highlights how they can help victims to move forward with their lives.
How can we ensure that victims are provided with sentencing remarks even if the accused is acquitted in a rape case?
The Ministry of Justice currently provides free sentencing remarks for victims of murder and manslaughter.
As of last month, we have made permanent our pilot to provide those sentencing remarks to victims of rape.
The hon.
Lady will understand that providing full transcriptions is a costly exercise, which is why we are undertaking testing of artificial intelligence to make transcripts available in future in a lower-cost and timely manner.
At just 12 years old, my constituent was subjected to horrific abuse by a family member who was ultimately convicted of nine offences, including four counts of rape.
The offender was sentenced in youth court to just a three-year referral order and a two-year restraining order.
My constituent cannot appeal this sentence under the unduly lenient sentence scheme simply because of the court in which the case was heard.
Will the Minister review this deeply troubling case and consider extending the unduly lenient sentence scheme to include youth court rape convictions?
I hope that my hon.
Friend heard the earlier answer on the unduly lenient sentence scheme and the review by the Law Commission, but if he writes to me with the specifics of that case, I will make sure that we look into it.