I welcome my hon.
Friend’s actions to punish offenders in the community.
Can I give him a list of all the potholes that need filling in Norfolk?
My hon.
Friend can write to me with his list of potholes, and we will see what we can do.
What discussions she has had with the Sentencing Council on sentencing guidelines for immigration offences.
Ministers meet regularly with the chair of the Sentencing Council.
On the specific guidelines for immigration offences, the hon.
Member will know that they set a minimum sentence, but no maximum.
Judges can still sentence as they see fit within the limits of what the law allows, and foreign criminals can still be deported, even if they are sentenced to less than 12 months.
As the shadow Justice Secretary heard when he visited on Friday, criminal gangs are imposing a significant cost on Hillingdon, which has the highest level of asylum seekers per capita of any local authority, because the council has to support asylum seekers who have been smuggled into the UK.
What plans does the Justice Secretary have to ensure that we have tougher sentences that are fit for purpose, so that our communities do not face this burden in the future?
I can assure the hon.
Gentleman that I and colleagues in the Justice Department are working closely with our colleagues in the Home Department to make sure that we have a joined-up approach to tackling the issues he has raised.
He knows that asylum is primarily a policy issue for the Home Secretary, and I will make sure that she and her team are made aware of the specific problems in Hillingdon that he has raised today.
I call the shadow Justice Secretary.
For the first time, the Sentencing Council has published immigration sentencing guidelines.
They water down sentences passed by Parliament, which means that hundreds of illegal migrants every year will avoid the threshold for automatic deportation.
Once again, the Justice Secretary’s officials were in the meeting and waved the guidelines through, and I have the minutes to prove it.
Has the Justice Secretary lost control of her Department once again, or is it the case that, as the Defence Secretary said on Sunday, this Government have simply “lost control” of our borders?
No; what this Government are doing is cleaning up the almighty mess left to us by the previous Government, of which the right hon.
Gentleman was a member.
He knows full well that I have already signalled an intention to review the powers of the Sentencing Council.
We have an upcoming sentencing Bill, and I will take the action that he and his Government never did in 14 long years. [
Interruption.]
He has suddenly found his voice—he did not have it for a decade or more.
What assessment she has made of the potential implications for her policies of the third report of the Justice Committee of Session 2022-23 on IPP sentences, HC 266, published on 22 September 2022.
We continue to support IPP offenders through our updated action plan, which contributed to a 9% decrease in IPP offenders in prison in the last year, but we will not put public protection at risk.
The Prisons Minister in the other place and I continue to meet regularly with MPs, peers and other stakeholders to work together on supporting this cohort.
It is 12 and a half years since IPP sentences were described as “not defensible” and were abolished for offenders, but 2,852 people remain incarcerated under these sentences—just 74 fewer than in June 2022.
When the Justice Committee reported in 2022, its key recommendation was that the Government legislate to enable a resentencing exercise for these individuals.
Will the Minister please set up an expert committee to at least advise on how to bring forward a resentencing exercise urgently?
It is right and proper that IPP sentences were abolished.
Various organisations have considered resentencing.