He will understand that we have not yet had a chance to fully digest the report, but we anticipate acting on its recommendations in fairly short order.
I call the Chair of the Justice Committee.
Lord Ponsonby told the Justice Committee in February that the Government will set out a public position on reform of wedding laws, including humanist marriage, in the next few months.
The Minister has said much the same today, but when will it happen, and will it include reform of current cohabitation laws, which disadvantage millions of couples?
I thank the Chair of the Justice Committee for that important question.
He will know that our manifesto committed to reforming cohabitation law, and we will be bringing forward that reform shortly.
The Law Commission’s report made 57 recommendations for reform of wedding law, including enabling non-religious groups such as humanists to conduct legally binding weddings, and we will be bringing forward information on our package of reforms shortly.
Recently, I attended a service marking 40 years since William Heenan was murdered by the IRA for being a Protestant.
While we honoured his memory, the self-proclaimed “First Minister for all” in Northern Ireland was visiting the newly erected statue of IRA terrorist Bobby Sands, glorifying the movement responsible for the cold-blooded murder of men such as William.
Will the Minister agree to meet me and innocent victims from Northern Ireland regarding the review and improvement of the glorification of terrorism legislation that applies to Northern Ireland?
As I think the hon.
Lady will be aware, that is primarily a policy area for our colleagues in the Northern Ireland Office, but I will make sure that we raise those issues with them.[Official Report,  1 September 2025 ; Vol.
772, c. 1WC.] (
Correction)
Yesterday, a man was convicted of a public order offence after burning a  Koran outside the Turkish embassy.
The judge said that the fact that the man was attacked was proof that he was guilty of disorderly behaviour.
This is grotesque, and means that in effect, we have a blasphemy law.
Does the Justice Secretary believe that this should hold, or will the Government back my Bill to put an end to all of this madness next week?
We do not have a blasphemy law, and we are not going to have a blasphemy law in this country.
As the hon.
Gentleman will be aware, I believe that that specific case is going to be subject to an appeal, so it would be inappropriate for me or any other Minister to comment on the details of the matter.
However, I am sure that once all other channels are exhausted and we have a final resolution, we will be debating these matters in detail in this House.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs if he will make a statement on Thames Water’s financial situation.
I thank the right hon.
Lady for securing this urgent question.
I want to begin by making clear that Thames Water remains stable, and the Government are carefully monitoring the situation.
Customers can be assured that there will be no disruption to water supply.
Thames Water is a commercial entity currently engaged in an equity raise, and KKR pulled out of that process earlier today.
As Thames Water has said, the company will continue to work with its creditors as part of the equity raise to improve its financial position.
There remains a market-led solution on the table, and we expect the company and its directors to continue the process that is under way and fix the financial resilience of the company in the interests of its customers.
I want to be clear that the Government are prepared for all eventualities across our regulated industries and stand ready to intervene through the use of a special administration regime, should this be required to ensure the continued provision of vital public services.