The Government are taking action to support victims of domestic abuse and violence.
We are ensuring stronger management of domestic abuse perpetrators through new domestic abuse protection orders and the increased multi-agency management of domestic abusers; that is being expanded to those convicted of coercive and controlling behaviour.
In response to the sentencing review published last week, I committed to further protections for victims, including the roll-out of domestic abuse specialist courts and better identification of domestic abuse perpetrators.
My constituent was subject to financial, physical and emotional abuse by her ex.
She was also cyber-stalked; her social media accounts were hacked for details of her location, and for information about their children.
Despite being granted a non-molestation order and a prohibited steps order, she was unable to compile sufficient evidence of the cyber-stalking to be granted a stalking protection order.
Speaking to her, her fear is palpable.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking to ensure that victims are supported in compiling the evidence that they need for a stalking protection order?
I am very sorry to hear of the experiences of the hon.
Lady’s constituent; it is clearly a horrifying case, and my sympathies are with her.
Given that stalking protection orders are relatively new, there is a case for continually examining whether their roll-out is working as intended.
They are primarily a Home Office responsibility, but there are amendments to the Crime and Policing Bill, which is going through the House, that are designed to strengthen these orders.
If the hon.
Lady will write to me, I will ensure that she has a meeting with the relevant Minister to talk through the specifics of the case that she has raised, and the lessons that can be learned as we strengthen these orders for everyone.
In April, the Metropolitan Police Commissioner warned that without additional funding, London will see a sustained increase in violence against women and girls.
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State has been working tirelessly to fix the broken system left by the Conservatives, but if we do not get that support in London, women will go unprotected.
Will she commit to working with colleagues in the Home Office and the Treasury to ensure that the Met can keep women safe in my constituency and across London?
Of course, we work closely with colleagues in the Home Office and the Treasury.
The Government will shortly publish the outcome of the spending review, but I can assure my hon.
Friend that all colleagues across Government are committed to our mission to halve violence against women and girls, for victims not just in London but across the country.
I will ensure that we engage with Members across the House on this matter as well.
What steps her Department is taking to help to reduce reoffending by people on probation.
We inherited a justice system in crisis, with prisons churning out better criminals, not better citizens, and we know that 80% of offenders are reoffenders.
Last week, I announced measures to toughen up community punishment, which results in lower reoffending rates than short custodial sentences.
We will also increase probation investment to manage offenders in the community safely.
Will the Lord Chancellor outline the steps being taken to recruit and retain probation officers, and to ensure that they have manageable caseloads and that their morale is improved?
What programmes or partnerships are in place to help those on probation to access stable accommodation, and employment, training or education, so that they can go through the rehabilitation process and reduce their chances of reoffending?
We are investing in probation.
Funding will increase by £700 million by the final year of the spending review.
That is a 45% increase in annual budgets, which will fund further recruitment on top of the 1,300 officers we will recruit this year and the 1,000 officers we recruited in the previous year.