As I think the hon.
Lady will be aware, that is primarily a policy area for our colleagues in the Northern Ireland Office, but I will make sure that we raise those issues with them.
Second Reading opposed and deferred until  Tuesday 10 June  ( Standing Order No.
20 ).
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps her Department is taking to help reduce reoffending by young offenders.
What steps her Department is taking to help reduce reoffending by young offenders.
The Government are determined to reduce youth reoffending as part of our safer streets mission.
Despite the fiscal challenges we inherited, we have increased our core funding to youth offending teams and extended our effective Turnaround programme.
I thank the Minister for his answer.
In a recent survey on the impact of the cost of living on childhood in Blackpool, six in 10 respondents told me that they were worried about children in their care becoming involved in crime or antisocial behaviour.
The link between deprivation and crime is clear, and it highlights the urgent need for a dedicated cross-Government strategy to improve the lives of young people in Blackpool and across the country.
What steps is the Minister taking, alongside other colleagues in Government, to ensure co-ordinated action to tackle youth crime and reoffending rates in vulnerable communities such as Blackpool?
We are working across Government to tackle the root causes of youth offending.
We are also creating the Young Futures programme, which will have prevention partnerships, so that we can intervene earlier.
The child poverty taskforce will soon publish a cross-Government strategy for reducing child poverty.
I thank the Minister for his response.
It is so important that we break the cycle of reoffending, particularly for young offenders.
In Gloucester, we are really lucky to have amazing organisations working with young offenders, including Young Gloucestershire and the Nelson Trust, which offers holistic trauma-informed support for women of all ages.
Will the Minister join me on a visit to the Nelson Trust to see the great work being done in my city of Gloucester?
I thank my hon.
Friend for highlighting the importance of essential organisations such as Young Gloucestershire and the Nelson Trust.
I am grateful for the invitation, and ask him to please write to me about the organisations.
We will see what my diary can do.
Somerset Youth Justice Service recently got a “requires improvement” rating from His Majesty’s inspectorate of probation.
The situation is clearly damaging young offenders’ chances of rehabilitation, so what steps is the Department taking to improve SYJS and support young offenders in Somerset?
The hon.
Lady draws attention to an important issue.
Inspections are significant in identifying where additional support and effort are needed.
The Department will do everything it can to give proper support to Somerset Youth Justice Service.
Does the Minister agree that probation services in North Down and across the UK often exceed their duties, providing extensive support to individuals in need?
Furthermore, does he agree that it is essential to allocate resources for substance abuse treatment, so that young offenders have access to personalised services?
I agree wholeheartedly.
It is very important that substance abuse is properly tackled.
Probation services and youth offending teams do a lot of work in that space.
What steps she is taking to support survivors of domestic abuse and violence against women through the criminal justice system.
What steps her Department is taking to support victims of domestic abuse.
The Government are taking action to support victims of domestic abuse and violence.
We are ensuring stronger management of domestic abuse perpetrators through new domestic abuse protection orders and the increased multi-agency management of domestic abusers; that is being expanded to those convicted of coercive and controlling behaviour.
In response to the sentencing review published last week, I committed to further protections for victims, including the roll-out of domestic abuse specialist courts and better identification of domestic abuse perpetrators.