Thanet House in Leatherhead has rightly been withdrawn from the CAS3 scheme following serious concerns, including about drug dealing, antisocial behaviour and safeguarding risks.
Despite raising my constituents’ concerns numerous times, I have received no response from the probation delivery unit.
Will the Secretary of State ensure that robust monitoring and clear accountability are in place across all CAS3 properties, and commit to ensuring that the Probation Service responds promptly to concerns raised by MPs and local residents?
It is important that the Probation Service deals with any concerns promptly and effectively.
The Department wrote to the hon.
Lady on  20 April  with further details in relation to her concerns, and Thanet House was withdrawn from the scheme on  20 May .
What discussions she has had with victims’ groups on the early release of violent offenders.
What discussions she has had with victims groups on the early release of violent offenders.
A victims’ representative was on the panel that conducted the independent sentencing review, which gathered views from victims and survivors.
I personally met a number of victims and victim groups and fed their views directly back to David Gauke.
Those serving sentences for more serious sexual and violent offences will spend at least 50% of their sentence in custody.
The Victims’ Commissioner says that the early release of prisoners risks victim safety, so will the Lord Chancellor explain why she is putting violent offenders ahead of victims?
That is not the case.
What would be failing victims is if our criminal justice system got to the point of collapse and we did not have prison places for violent offenders.
This Government are getting on with reforming our criminal justice system.
We are putting victims at the heart of it to protect them, and are making sure that we never run out of prison places again.
The Prisoners (Disclosure of Information about Victims) Act 2020, otherwise known as Helen’s law, should prevent the early release of murderers who do not disclose the location of their victims’ remains.
However, there are loopholes in the law in cases where the murderer makes a disclosure but no remains are found, as happened in the case of Jean Taylor’s daughter, Chantel.
Will the Minister meet me and Jean Taylor, who founded the charity Families Fighting for Justice, to close those loopholes?
I thank the right hon.
Member for her question.
All my sympathies go to her constituent.
If she wants to write to me with the details, I will definitely look into the case and come back to her.
I call the Chair of the Justice Committee.
The previous Government released prisoners in an indiscriminate way.
This Government have developed a more organised approach, but the progression model of sentencing, recommended by the independent sentencing review and welcomed by the Government, could mean less clarity for victims about when perpetrators leave prison.
Given the concern expressed by victims’ groups, what safeguards and resources will the Minister put in place to prepare victims and assure them of their safety?
I thank the Chair of the Justice Committee for that important question.
It is vital that victims be notified.
That is why we are boosting probation and ensuring that victim liaison officers have that vital information.
He will be aware that in our Victims and Courts Bill, which has been presented to this House, we are introducing a new victim notification scheme, and a dedicated helpline to ensure that victims get the vital information that they so desperately need.
In March, I met people from the Justice for Victims campaign group.
One family told me that their young daughter was killed by an unlicensed, uninsured driver.
They were asked to alter their victim impact statement several times to avoid offending the defendant and were denied the chance to fully express their grief.
That experience is shared by many others.