An interim report will be published soon.
Phase 2 of the review, which will focus on pension adequacy, will be launched later this year.
David Carson and Patricia Kennedy, constituents of mine in Central Ayrshire, face massively reduced pensions payments from their pre-1997 contributions to their Hewlett Packard pension, because current legislation index-links contributions from 1997 only.
What assessment has the pensions review made so far of the challenges facing pension schemes, and will the Minister meet me to discuss David and Patricia’s case?
The issue affects some hundreds of thousands of people.
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that case.
I would be very happy meet him, or any other hon.
Member who has such cases in their constituency; however, the pensions review will look more at how current pension schemes can improve outcomes for future pensioners.
We are looking at driving scale in consolidation of defined contribution pension schemes and local government pension schemes, and at a shift away from cost to value.
I know that there is interest in that from across the House, and I hope that we can work on it across the parties.
If she will make an assessment of the potential impact of changes to the eligibility criteria for the winter fuel payment on trends in the level of pensioner poverty.
The Government remain absolutely committed to supporting pensioners.
We are urging pensioners to check their eligibility for pension credit to ensure that as many people as possible have access to the support to which they are entitled.
Ninety-seven-year-old Joyce from my constituency was worried about losing her winter fuel payment, so she contacted my office.
It sounds like the Minister has had a similar experience.
Fortunately, my team was able to assist Joyce.
We ran a full benefits check, and helped her to secure pension credit, and therefore her winter fuel payment entitlement.
However, does the Minister think that it is right that the oldest and most vulnerable should have to resort to getting their MP to help them claim pension credit?
I am glad to hear that the hon.
Lady was able to help her constituent.
We are looking at the form, as I mentioned in a previous answer, and we will update the House soon on those developments.
What progress her Department has made on meeting pension credit application targets.
The Department does not have a pension credit application target.
Published application numbers show that we received around 74,400 pension credit claims in the eight weeks from the end of July to mid-September.
In the weeks following the Chancellor’s announcements on the winter fuel allowance, the number of pension credit applications doubled, then nearly tripled.
Now the DWP is delaying releasing any more data on this subject.
I am concerned that the Government know that they will not be able to process the applications on time, and that the information is not being put into the public domain.
Will the Minister tell me exactly how many pension credit applications have been submitted since  16 September , and whether the backlog will be cleared before older people start having to make a choice between heating and eating?
I gently say to the hon.
Lady that we are not delaying the publication of statistics.
A new set of statistics will be published soon.
As I said in previous answers, we have redeployed 500 additional staff to helping to process pension credit applications.
We urge all those who have loved ones who are pensioners, or who are pensioners themselves, to apply if they think that they are eligible.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.