Thanks to the Government’s steadfast commitment to the triple lock, more than 12 million pensioners will see their pension increase by more than 4% in April next years, up to £470.
Over this Parliament, they will be better off by around £1,900, thanks to the triple lock.
Low-income pensioners can also apply for the warm home discount scheme and, thanks to the extension of the household support fund, local authorities can target that support on low-income pensioners.
In the longer term, the warm homes plan will transform homes across the country by making them cleaner and cheaper to run.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to reduce levels of child poverty.
As well as putting in place breakfast clubs that mean children are ready to learn, and as well as the fair payment rate—we have discussed that—which will stop families being tipped into destitution by debt, the ministerial taskforce, chaired by the Work and Pensions and Education Secretaries, will publish the child poverty strategy in spring 2025, using all available levers across government to bring about an enduring reduction in child poverty in this Parliament, as part of a 10-year strategy for lasting change.
We know that the previous Government presided over shameful levels of child poverty, including nearly 500,000 children who are eligible for free school meals but who are missing out.
Will my hon.
Friend, alongside the Education Secretary, urgently look at the proposal by Feeding Britain for auto-enrolment to free school meals as part of the single application process for families claiming UC?
One person who has never looked the other way when people were facing poverty in this country is my hon.
Friend.
Through her innovation, she has ensured that household food insecurity is measured properly, and I pay tribute to her efforts.
I have listened to what she said about Feeding Britain, and I will take that as an input into the child poverty taskforce.
I hope that she and Feeding Britain will meet me to discuss how we can take that forward.
What steps she is taking to help support parents who are looking for work.
Helping parents to have fulfilling and sustainable work helps our economy and prevents child poverty.
As we have mentioned several times, the “Get Britain Working” White Paper will rewrite employment policy and set our ambition for an 80% employment rate, but we will not get there without parents.
In recent weeks, I have met the DWP in Bournemouth and advice agencies including the citizens advice bureau for Bournemouth, Christchurch and Poole.
Advice agencies welcome the record increase in carers allowance that was announced in the Budget.
They and in-work parents with disabled children have also asked about the transition from child tax credit to universal credit.
That may be a matter for the “Get Britain Working” White Paper, but can the Minister say how the Government will further support such parents to work and earn, and flexibly meet their families’ needs?
I thank my hon.
Friend for bringing this matter to the House, and I pay tribute to all those he has worked with to understand the challenge that we face.
He is right that we will take this forward through the “Get Britain Working” White Paper.
Citizens Advice is playing an important role in supporting that work, and the work of the child poverty taskforce.
What progress her Department has made on the pensions review.
I am leading the Government’s landmark pensions investment review, which aims to increase pensions investment in the UK economy and improve retirement outcomes for future pensioners.
An interim report will be published soon.
Phase 2 of the review, which will focus on pension adequacy, will be launched later this year.
David Carson and Patricia Kennedy, constituents of mine in Central Ayrshire, face massively reduced pensions payments from their pre-1997 contributions to their Hewlett Packard pension, because current legislation index-links contributions from 1997 only.