I am not sure whether carer’s allowance is part of the overpayment he describes, but I will be very happy to meet him to discuss what has gone wrong in this case.
What steps her Department is taking to increase the support available in jobcentres in Broxbourne constituency.
Jobcentres serving the Broxbourne constituency and elsewhere will change following the “Get Britain Working” White Paper, which has already been mentioned.
This fundamental reform will have three parts: a new public employment service to get more people into work and to help them get on in work; a joined-up work, health and skills plan; and a guarantee for young people aged 18 to 21.
The Budget has made it even harder for small businesses in my Broxbourne constituency to create jobs.
What can the Minister do to make sure that jobcentres connect with local businesses to help those who are looking for work to find sustainable employment?
I thank the Minister for his question—[Interruption.]
Honestly, I am still getting used to being on this side of the House.
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right that jobcentres everywhere need to be locally responsive to employers, and that we need to provide an excellent service to local  employers.
If he has further thoughts on how we can make that work in his constituency, I would be very happy to discuss it with him.
What assessment her Department has made of the potential merits of removing the two-child limit for universal credit.
The last Labour Government dramatically reduced child poverty, and we want to repeat their success.
The child poverty taskforce is exploring how to harness all available levers, including social security reform, and it will publish its strategy next spring.
The Prime Minister has said that he wants to break down the barriers to opportunity and tackle child poverty.
He has also said that
“insecurity is the enemy of opportunity.”
Given that by the time the child poverty taskforce reports next spring, a further 16,000 children will have been dragged into poverty, and given the devastating impact that poverty can have on a child’s education, their health and their vulnerability to the criminal justice system, why will the Minister not do the right thing and scrap the two-child benefit cap to lift 300,000 children out of poverty immediately?
The strategy will be very clear about how we will tackle the scourge of child poverty, and the hon.
Lady is absolutely right to highlight the importance of doing that.
Labour voted against the two-child limit, but we will not promise change until we know how we are going to pay for it.
That will be addressed in the work of the taskforce, with the results published in the spring.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of the extension of the household support fund in 2025-26 on low-income households.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of the extension of the household support fund in 2025-26 on low-income households.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of the extension of the household support fund in 2025-26 on low-income households.
No specific assessment has been made of the impact of the household support fund on low-income households in 2025-26, although we hear routinely from local authorities across the country about the impact of the fund in supporting those who are struggling.
An evaluation of the fourth iteration of the scheme, running from April 2023 to  March 2024, will be published shortly, exploring the benefits of the more than 19 million awards made during this period.
I agree that the payment of winter fuel allowance should be means-tested, because many pensioners who receive the winter fuel allowance simply do not need it.
However, there are pensioners who are not entitled to pension credit who will struggle to heat their homes.