As I said in previous answers, we have redeployed 500 additional staff to helping to process pension credit applications.
We urge all those who have loved ones who are pensioners, or who are pensioners themselves, to apply if they think that they are eligible.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
The Budget took the first steps in this Government’s plan to drive up opportunity and drive down poverty in every corner of the country: it included an additional £240 million for our plan to get Britain working, a new fair repayment rate in universal credit to help over 1 million of the poorest households, and the biggest ever package to reduce fraud and error in the system, ensuring that every pound of taxpayers’ money is wisely spent.
There is much, much more to do, but in the Department for Work and Pensions, change has begun.
My constituent Kevin had to stop work in 2018 due to a medical condition.
He is desperate to find a job, but has consistently found that he is not eligible for support from his local jobcentre.
Kevin asked me, “How does someone who has fallen out of work get back into work?”
Will the Secretary of State or a Minister meet me to discuss Kevin’s case, and see if, together, we can answer his question?
The hon.
Gentleman raises an extremely important point.
It is not right that his constituent, who wants to work, has suffered from a mental health problem but does not have the support that he needs.
In parts of the country, steps have been taken to help provide the healthcare and other support that people need, but we need to go further, faster.
My hon.
Friend the Minister for Employment will indeed meet the hon.
Gentleman.
Let’s get cracking on this and see what we can do.
On my recent visit to Hertford and Ware food bank, hard-working volunteers raised with me the damaging impact of rules introduced under the previous Conservative Government, which prevent jobcentres from referring benefits claimants to food banks.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that those changes prevent some of the  most vulnerable people in our communities from accessing support in an emergency, and will she set out the steps that the Department will take to reverse them?
There have been changes to ensure that referrals are GDPR-compliant, but I will happily discuss this issue with my hon.
Friend.
The very best jobcentres are closely linked with local support organisations, and we must ensure that that is the case everywhere.
We come to the shadow Secretary of State.
The Conservatives are the party of work and aspiration, and once again, we left office with unemployment at a historic low.
We all know that Labour always leaves unemployment higher than when it came into office, but rarely has it seemed in such a hurry to achieve that.
Its first Budget will, according to the Office for Budget Responsibility, cost the country 50,000 jobs in the next few years alone.
What assessment has the right hon.
Lady made of the cost to her Department of those job losses?
May I gently say this to the hon.
Lady?
She should be apologising, because we have record numbers of people out of work due to long-term sickness; one in eight young people is not in education, employment or training; and people are locked out of the world of work because the Conservatives failed to make proper plans to get people into work and on in their work.
Until Conservative Members face up to their responsibilities, and to the cost to the taxpayer of their mistakes in not getting people with long-term sickness into work—£25 billion extra over the course of the forecast period—they will remain on the Opposition Benches.