I am afraid I will disappoint the hon.
Gentleman: we will look at relative poverty after housing costs, but we will go further and look to alleviate the very deepest poverty.
It is appalling that hundreds of thousands of families are forced to rely on food banks—something that I know only too well from my time chairing Feeding Leicester.
We will look at relative poverty, deep poverty and what it will take to give every child the very best start in life, by bringing together support from public services, charities and other groups.
That is the way to bring down poverty and make the changes sustainable.
Northern Ireland has some of the highest child poverty figures in the whole of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
I am sure that the Secretary of State wants to help.
We have had a 70% increase in food bank usage in my constituency in the past 12 months, which is an incredible indication.
Will she kindly tell me what discussions she has had with her counterpart in the Northern Ireland Assembly on what more can be done to help?
The Minister from Northern Ireland is a member of our child poverty taskforce.
I hope to visit soon and the co-chair of the taskforce, the Secretary of State for Education, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Houghton and Sunderland South (Bridget Phillipson) , also plans to visit.
We have introduced the new fair repayment rate to slash the level of universal credit deductions because, as food banks in my constituency have told me, that really pushes people into poverty.
That is not what the Government should be doing, and that is why we have taken action.
I look forward to coming to Northern Ireland to talk to the hon.
Gentleman, his constituents and the organisations fighting poverty to see what more we can do.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of the personal independence payment application process.
The application process for personal independence payment is being kept under review.
An online process is being trialled and we are looking at further potential improvements.
One of my constituents in receipt of PIP is sight-impaired, deaf-blind registered and cannot use a phone or fill out forms.
Can the Minister tell me why PIP reassessments are being scheduled for people with incurable disabilities and terminal illnesses?
The hon.
Gentleman raises a very fair point.
It is, of course, important that we keep the awards under review, because sometimes they go up as well as down and we want to ensure that the support being provided is appropriate for the claimant.
We also need to ensure that the process is accessible—I agree with him about that.
Help can be provided to manage the assessment process.
If he would like to send me more details about his constituent, I would be glad to see what we can do to help.
I call the Chair of the Work and Pensions Committee.
Yesterday, it was reported in the Sunday papers that a blind woman with additional complex needs had her PIP assessment over the phone, which was approved, but was then sent a letter to confirm that.
The charity Sense says that over half the people it surveyed feel humiliated by the process.
I know my right hon.
Friend is very keen to get this right, so will he expand a little more on the type of things the Department is changing?
Before the Minister replies, may I ask Members to look at the Chair, as third party, when they are asking or answering questions?
I am being cut out.
Those are not my rules but those of the House on how we should address each other, so if anybody has a problem, please have a word with the Clerks.
My hon.
Friend raises a very important point.