Kevin is a pensioner in Waterlooville who has chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and struggles to breathe in the cold.
His personal budget puts him, on average, about £55 above the poverty line, but he is one of many thousands of people who will be hit by the Government’s cruel cut to the winter fuel allowance.
Political point scoring aside, what practical advice does the Minister have for Kevin to get him through the harsh winter ahead?
I would suggest a number of things: the warm home discount scheme is available for those on low incomes, including pensions; we have extended the household support fund that local authorities can and should use to help people on low incomes; and in the longer term, the warm homes plan will help to make homes across the country more energy efficient and cheaper to heat.
I will also say that thanks to the Government’s commitment to the triple lock, pensioners will be about £1,900 better off over this Parliament.
As I said in answer to a previous question, we are looking at the form.
Some 90% of applicants now apply online, but we note that the paper form is long and we are considering how we can simplify it.
Eastbourne veteran Pauline was awarded military compensation for injuries that she sustained in the service of our country, but she said that that has caused her pension credit entitlement to plummet from £70 to just £10.42 a week.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss her case and ensure that no veteran is penalised for their service to our country?
The hon.
Member is the second person to raise that issue and I happy to meet them both.
How many current Department employees cannot receive further sponsorship due to the previous Government’s changes to the skilled worker visa salary threshold?
My hon.
Friend asks an important question and I will be delighted to follow up with him in writing.
According to the census, 72% of Somalis here live in social housing, compared with 16% of the population overall.
In answer to my written question, the Department says it is “exploring the feasibility” of publishing benefits claimed by nationality, which is important for a proper debate on benefits policy and immigration policy.
Can the Minister confirm that that work is going ahead and tell us when the data will be published?
The hon.
Gentleman will be aware that nationality and country of origin are not factors in assessing benefit eligibility.
We may look at that in future, but I would be delighted to follow up with him in writing about how we will take it forward.
When I speak to my constituents, from Lofthouse to Farnley, they are extremely concerned about the amount of money being lost to fraud and error in benefits.
Can the Minister confirm a timeline and a plan to get back the £35 billion that has been lost since the pandemic?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise that issue.
The spiralling nature of fraud in this country since the pandemic and on the last Government’s watch is totally unacceptable.
We will bring forward a fraud, error and debt Bill in the coming months, which is part of a much broader package—the largest-ever package brought forward by any Government—to take out more than £7.6 billion of fraud over the forecast period.
Citizens Advice tells me that the DWP continues to start action on alleged overpayments more than six years after the event.
That is longer than bank records are kept to prove otherwise.
Does the Secretary of State think that that is fair and right?
I am not sure whether the hon.
Gentleman is asking specifically about carer’s allowance or about other benefits, but if benefits have been overpaid, the Department has an obligation to recover the money.