If history and heritage are your thing, we have castles, monuments, battlegrounds and the only working church other than Westminster Abbey to have hosted a coronation.
For those who like sport, Stirling was showcased to the world in 2023 with the  time trials of the Union Cycliste Internationale’s cycling world championships.
Scotland’s national swimming academy is at Stirling University and has produced Olympic medallists including Duncan Scott and Robbie Renwick.
The UK’s national curling academy is also in Stirling, and I cannot mention sport without referencing Judy, Jamie and Andy Murray, whose success, resilience and mindset have forever linked tennis with the city of Dunblane.
Stirling and Strathallan is not in the heart of Scotland: it is the heart of Scotland.
Much of the modern sense of Scottish cultural identity originated in my constituency, from the battles of Wallace and Bruce at Stirling bridge and Bannockburn over 700 years ago to the reinvention of tartan at the mills of William Wilson—also in Bannockburn—in the 1800s.
A much more subtle sense of my constituency is found here in this place and in the UK identity, because it was a Stirling resident, a weel-kent local face called King James VI, who united the kingdoms of England and Scotland in 1603.
I have walked about this place wondering which of our traditions have their origins in the traditions of the court of King James at Stirling castle.
Stirling is celebrating its 900th anniversary this year—900 years since King David granted a small settlement on the River Forth burgh status.
Stirling and Strathallan has gone on to give much to Scotland, the United Kingdom and the world over the past 900 years, and there is much more to come.
Stirling and Strathallan is proud of its past and ambitious for its future, and I am hugely honoured and privileged to represent my home here in this place.
I am grateful for those comments.
Govia Thameslink had an improvement of 3% in its cancellations on last year, but it is still falling behind on punctuality.
I am happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss what more we can do.
Commuters at Arlesey and Hitchen stations in my constituency are driven to despair by the shocking state of Thameslink services, with delays and cancellations an all too frequent feature of everyday commutes.
I welcome the urgency with which the Secretary of State is starting to tackle the long-term causes, from industrial disputes to fragmentation.
In the interim, will she meet me to discuss how we can push Thameslink to do more to make sure we finally make these delays and cancellations a thing of the past?
It gives me enormous pride to be stood before you, Madam Deputy Speaker, and to make my maiden speech as Hemel Hempstead’s MP.
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friends the Members for Cannock Chase (Josh Newbury) and for Stirling and Strathallan (Chris Kane).
I know Stirling well through my involvement in the Make Poverty History campaign; it is a very beautiful place.
I am grateful to make my maiden speech in the presence of the Secretary of State, who was generous with his time in my constituency during the election.
I am humble enough to accept, however, that the primary reason for his presence was usually the fact that his mother resides in Hemel Hempstead and is a member of the local party.
In this debate about rural affairs, I want to start by paying tribute to the beautiful countryside that surrounds our town, and to the villages that are part of the constituency following the changes to the boundaries at the last election.
From St Lawrence’s church in Bovingdon, where I was this morning to mark Armistice Day, to Chipperfield cricket club and the Green Dragon pub in Flaunden, we are blessed with many picture postcard scenes—and my dog, Albert, is particularly fond of chasing squirrels on Chipperfield common.