159, c. 3011.]
Those are not my words, but those of my grandfather Frank’s uncle, Hugh Murnin, who was also a miner.
They were spoken by Hugh in this place, in his maiden speech, after he became the MP for Stirling in 1922.
Reading all of Mr Murnin’s speech, I was struck by how much has changed from his description of work, and how much has stayed the same.
There is still much to do to delivery dignity and fair play, which is why I am proud that this Government are raising the national living wage and, through the Employment Rights Bill, will update the UK’s outdated employment laws and turn the page on an economy blighted by insecurity, poor productivity and low pay.
I should say that 12-year-old Frank, my grandfather, became a grocer’s apprentice.
He developed an entrepreneurial spark that took off when the BBC began broadcasting in Scotland in the 1920s.
He opened Bannockburn’s Radio Music Store to supply radio sets and constantly recharge the large lead-acid batteries on which they depended.
That business prospered under my parents, Bill and Diane, and my brother Michael runs the business today—shop local when you can.
Along with coal, the rivers and lochs of my constituency bring with them nutrients that are vital for farming.
The flat floodplain of the Forth is 16 miles long and 4 miles wide, and is filled with farms that today produce everything from beef to dairy and from sheep to pumpkins.
For many years, the River Forth was Europe’s premier oyster fishery.
Over 30 million oysters were harvested each year in the early 19th century, but overfishing caused a collapse and the Forth oyster was declared extinct in 1957.
Issues such as overfishing and sustainability are studied in great depth at the University of Stirling’s international centre for aquaculture, the largest of its kind in the world.
It is leading the way in research to tackle the global problems of food security, hunger and sustainability through the world’s rivers and seas.
It was also a researcher from the institute of aquaculture who discovered in 2014 that the Forth oyster was still alive, with two of them growing in the river.
When the railway arrived in my constituency in 1848, it brought with it an entrepreneurial spirit that saw Scotland’s first oil refinery open in Riverside in Stirling.
Until the Forth bridge opened in 1890, the bridges at Stirling carried most of Scotland’s goods to and from the highlands.
Scotland’s first heavier-than-air flight took place in Stirling when the Barnwell brothers built and flew an aircraft in the shadow of Stirling castle.
That entrepreneurial spirit lives on in the likes of Highland Spring, a fantastic family business in Blackford that neighbours Gleneagles, one of the world’s premier hotels and golf courses.
In Stirling, a £20 million investment has recently been announced to create a film and TV studio that will be the largest in Scotland.
Stirling was the first gigabit internet city in the United Kingdom, and one of the first in the world to digitally map its city to create an augmented reality smartphone experience.
We are a growing base for life sciences, manufacturing and, of course, tourism.
My constituency offers some of the best outdoor activities in the country, from salmon fishing to hillwalking, with lots of family-friendly activities along the way.
If history and heritage are your thing, we have castles, monuments, battlegrounds and the only working church other than Westminster Abbey to have hosted a coronation.
For those who like sport, Stirling was showcased to the world in 2023 with the  time trials of the Union Cycliste Internationale’s cycling world championships.
Scotland’s national swimming academy is at Stirling University and has produced Olympic medallists including Duncan Scott and Robbie Renwick.