Many within these walls and beyond will recognise his—and her—unrelenting dedication and drive to improve the lives of others, which inspires me to this day.
Finally, I add my name to those who have paid tribute to Jo Cox in their maiden speech.
With the Labour Campaign for International Development, and now as a member of the International Development Committee, I remain committed to taking forward her legacy, particularly on the responsibility to protect civilians, which is so urgent everywhere from Ukraine to Syria to Sudan.
As Gordon said on the eve of the poll back in July, we have a choice in the UK and around the world: to succumb to pessimism or to embrace hopefulness and remember that, in Jo’s words,
“we are far more united and have far more in common than that which divides us.
”—[Official Report,  3 June 2015 ; Vol.
596, c. 675.]
I will do my utmost, as long as I have the honour of representing the people of Hemel Hempstead, to push for a more hopeful future in our community, our country and our world.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
It is an honour to make my maiden speech as the Member of Parliament for Cannock Chase, my home.
Having listened to many maiden speeches from all parts of the House, I have to say that I am honoured to be part of an incredibly talented intake—not that I am at all biased.
I also have the privilege of following some outstanding predecessors who are fondly remembered by my constituents.
The best known is the late, great Jennie Lee who represented the former Cannock constituency for 25 years and also served as Minister for the Arts, playing a key role in the foundation of the Open University.
Jennie was recently cited by the Chancellor as one of her political heroes and a contender to replace Nigel Lawson’s portrait in her office.
Alongside her husband, the equally incomparable Aneurin Bevan, Jennie is commemorated across the constituency, including Jennie Lee Way in Rugeley and the Bevan Lee estate in Cannock.
I could not speak about past Members for Cannock Chase without paying tribute to my Labour predecessor, Dr Tony Wright, who served as MP for Cannock and Burntwood and later Cannock Chase from 1992 until 2010.
Tony was the epitome of a dedicated constituency MP.
Constituents regularly speak warmly of Tony and he won votes from across the political spectrum.
If I can be half the MP Tony was, I will be able to look back on my time in this House with pride.
I would also like to pay tribute to my immediate predecessor, Dame Amanda Milling, who served our constituency for nine years.
Amanda is praised by both supporters and detractors alike for her efficient approach to casework, which I know would be the envy of many MPs’ offices.
Amanda served as a Government Whip for many years—not an easy job—and as Minister for Asia and the Middle East.
I understand that Amanda also chaired the group of female Conservative MPs and was a passionate advocate of programmes that encourage women to stand for election.
I may not have often agreed with Amanda politically, but I have always found her to be fair-minded, kind and decent, so I genuinely wish her all the best for the future.
When people hear the words “Cannock Chase”, they naturally think of the stunning forest that is the constituency’s namesake.
While making their first speeches, many new Members have claimed their constituency as the most beautiful in the land.
However, I have to point out that my constituency is the only one in England that  shares its name with an area of outstanding natural beauty—facts are facts!
But the Chase is not just a place with serene walks and herds of fallow deer, although we have plenty of both.
It is also a place of industry, sport and recreation.