It will be piloted in Scotland next year.
Will the Minister join me in welcoming this initiative and encouraging those who are eligible to apply for it?
It is good to see that the SNP Government are focusing on that issue now, because during their 17 years in government, we have seen increases in pensioner poverty across Scotland.
Pensioners in poverty now have just 40 days to apply for the winter fuel payment via the pension credit system.
Will the Minister look at extending the deadline so that more people can claim pension credit and get the winter fuel payment?
I reassure my hon.
Friend that we have redeployed 500 additional staff to process the claims.
We are working at pace to process them, but  21 December  remains the deadline.
What steps she is taking to improve support for carers.
As a lifelong champion of unpaid family carers, I am proud that the first Labour Government in 14 years have given unpaid carers the biggest ever cash boost to the amount they can earn while still receiving carer’s allowance.
That means family carers can earn an extra £2,000 a year and still keep their allowance.
That is the difference this Labour Government are making: supporting families who do the most important thing, which is caring for the people that they love.
I have spoken to many people in my constituency of South Derbyshire who are taking on caring responsibilities for loved ones.
I know how hard that is and I am so grateful for the job they do, but it is often a thankless task.
I am glad that the Government have taken action to support people in our communities who take on caring responsibilities, but it is disproportionately women who do so.
Will the Secretary of State outline how the increase in the threshold will benefit women and allow them greater freedom to work?
My hon.
Friend is right: 60% of unpaid carers are women, but women spend more hours caring, so they are disproportionately represented when it comes   to receiving carer’s allowance.
This is a small, but significant and important, step forward.
It is a signal that the new Government understand that as people live for longer and care for longer, we will have to do more to help families balance work and caring responsibilities.
That is the truth of family now: it is as much about caring for our elderly and disabled loved ones as it is about caring for our own wonderful children.
What estimate her Department has made of the number of pensioners eligible for Pension Credit but not claiming it.
Estimates for pensioners who are eligible for but not receiving pension credit were published in early October.
The estimates show that more than 800,000 pensioners—individual pensioners, not households—are entitled to pension credit but are not claiming it.
As the Minister will know, the Chancellor’s cruel decision to tie winter fuel allowance to pension credit, despite knowing that the uptake of pension credit is very low, will force thousands of vulnerable pensioners to choose heating or eating this winter.
With 16,577 pensioners in Wokingham expected to be affected by the cuts, will she extend the deadline to apply for pension credit and consider pledging further support to increase take-up?
I refer the hon.
Gentleman to my answer to my hon.
Friend  the Member for York Central (Rachael Maskell) : the deadline remains  21 December .
Thanks to the Government’s steadfast commitment to the triple lock, more than 12 million pensioners will see their pension increase by more than 4% in April next years, up to £470.
Over this Parliament, they will be better off by around £1,900, thanks to the triple lock.
Low-income pensioners can also apply for the warm home discount scheme and, thanks to the extension of the household support fund, local authorities can target that support on low-income pensioners.