I can assure her that that is something that we are focused on.
We come to the shadow Minister.
The withdrawal of the winter fuel payment from 10 million households, including 70% of disabled pensioners, is a huge change, as is using pension credit to distribute the benefit to the minority of people who will still get it, yet the Government have rushed this change through without giving their own statutory advisory committee the chance to properly scrutinise it.
Ministers have not even responded to the chair of the committee, who wrote to them several weeks ago with suggestions on how to mitigate the effect of the policy.
On top of that, they have failed to provide a full impact assessment to show what the effect on poverty would be.
Will they finally produce a full impact assessment of this policy, and when will the Minister respond to the chair of the advisory committee?
I welcome the hon.
Gentleman to his place.
In answer to his questions, we have published an equality analysis, which he can find on the Government’s website.
Owing to the legislation, we do not have to produce an impact assessment, but there is an equality analysis.
I urge him to have a look at that.
All I would say to him is that the new Leader of the Opposition argued in 2022 that winter fuel payments should be means-tested.
I wonder how the hon.
Gentleman might means-test the winter fuel payment, if he had the chance.
The Minister mentions the equality assessment.
That was a high-level equality assessment that was only dragged out of the Government in response to a freedom of information request.
The fact is that they are avoiding accountability for this policy and avoiding scrutiny by the House.
The Government are saying that the impact of the cut on the poorest pensioners will be mitigated by pension credit, and we have heard from the Minister about the very small numbers who are taking up pension credit in response to this announcement.
Their own figures predict that fully a third of eligible pensioners—that is 750,000 of the poorest people in the country—will not get pension credit and will not get the winter fuel payment.
That is what the Government are banking on.
That is how they are making the savings that they predict from this policy: by cutting benefits to some of the poorest people in our country—[Interruption.]
The Minister shakes her head, so she might want to put me right.
Does she want all eligible pensioners to claim pension credit? [
Interruption.]
The Secretary of State says yes.
If she does want that, does she then accept that the Government’s savings from this policy will be completely wiped out?
Yes, and no.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson, Steve Darling.
On Armistice Day, it is important that we as a Chamber reflect on the Royal British Legion and its “Credit their Service” campaign.
This is a campaign to ensure that when benefits are calculated, military compensation is disregarded.
In the light of this, will the Secretary of State give serious consideration to disregarding military compensation when calculating pension credit?
I associate myself with the hon.
Gentleman’s comments and those of my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State.
I will look carefully at what the hon.
Gentleman has suggested and get back to him.
What steps she is taking to help reduce levels of poverty.
After 14 years of Conservative Government, 8 million adults and 4.3 million children were left in poverty.
Among other things, £240 million was recently announced in the Budget to support better work so that people can get the dignity of a good job and the security of a proper wage.
Details will soon be available, as the Secretary of State mentioned, in our “Get Britain Working” White Paper.