Lady?
She should be apologising, because we have record numbers of people out of work due to long-term sickness; one in eight young people is not in education, employment or training; and people are locked out of the world of work because the Conservatives failed to make proper plans to get people into work and on in their work.
Until Conservative Members face up to their responsibilities, and to the cost to the taxpayer of their mistakes in not getting people with long-term sickness into work—£25 billion extra over the course of the forecast period—they will remain on the Opposition Benches.
I wonder if the Secretary of State did not hear my earlier question; I said that I was grateful that she is continuing the work that we did in government, through the WorkWell programme, to help people in ill health into work by joining up healthcare and employment.
However, the point I was just making, to which she did not respond, was that 50,000 jobs will be lost as a result of Labour’s Budget.
That is not the only thing frightening the life out of businesses at the moment—
Order.
The hon.
Lady can keep pointing at me, but this is topical questions, and I have all these Back Benchers to get in, so questions really need to be shorter.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
The Budget is not the only thing frightening the life out of businesses at the moment.
Labour’s Employment Rights Bill is a wrecking ball for the UK labour market.
Labour’s own impact assessment predicts that businesses could cut staff—
Order.
I did make the suggestion that you might come to the end of your question, but you decided to carry on reading, so I will have to stop you.
I call the Secretary of State.
I am very proud of a Budget that invests in the long-term growth that this country needs, that gives a pay rise to the 3 million lowest-paid workers,  and that invests in the NHS so that people can get back to health and back to work.
That is the change that this country desperately needs.
As a proud member of the Union of Shop, Distributive and Allied Workers, I want to raise with the Minister the amazing work that it has done to produce the estimate that around three quarters of workers in typically low-paid sectors are paid weekly, fortnightly or four-weekly, rather than monthly.
That is not recognised by universal credit.
Will the Minister promise to meet USDAW and other trade unions to make sure that this matter is investigated?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
If a person is paid four-weekly, they receive 13 payments a year, so in one of the 12 monthly assessment periods each year, they are paid twice.
That means that they probably get no universal credit that month, which completely messes up budgeting.
I would be delighted to meet USDAW, and perhaps my hon.
Friend, to discuss what we can do through our review of universal credit.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I am sure all Members in this Chamber are aware of the Women Against State Pension Inequality campaign and the parliamentary ombudsman’s findings.
Will the Secretary of State commit to making a statement in the House before Christmas on progress with her review of the ombudsman’s report?
As the hon.
Gentleman will know, the ombudsman took six years to consider a range of complex cases, and we are looking at their complexity.
I was the first Minister in six years to meet representatives of the WASPI campaign.
We hope to be able to update the House in the coming weeks.
The  work of unpaid carers is of huge value and is often heroic.
A recent report by Carers UK revealed that 42% of those receiving carer’s allowance are struggling financially.
I was therefore really pleased by the significant increase in carer’s allowance announced in the Budget.