While we do not want to see a return to coalmining, our towns and villages long for the secure jobs,   social fabric and sense of common identity that characterised coalfield communities for centuries.
The sudden closure of Rugeley power station in 2016 signalled a final move away from coal.
The now cleared site is soon to be renewed, with a new community of hundreds of homes, a school and a new park, which will alleviate flooding from the River Trent.
Following the very welcome and long overdue return of the mineworkers’ pension scheme investment reserve to hundreds of families in my constituency, I look forward to working with the Government and others to bring investment and renewal to communities across Cannock Chase.
Deciding what to say in a maiden speech leads us to reflect on what brought us to this extraordinary place, and what we hope to achieve for the people who sent us here.
For me personally, it is momentous to be standing here, because 20 years ago I was a painfully shy young boy in the corner of the playground with my head buried in a book, trying as hard as I could to be invisible to the bullies who tormented me for a sexuality that, at that age, I did not yet understand.
Today, I stand here proudly as a Member of this House.
If I achieve just one thing in my new job, I hope it is to show young people who are in the position that I was in that your bullies do not define you, nor do they limit what you go on to achieve.
I also hope to make my mark in other ways.
Alongside my incredible husband, I am an adoptive parent to a beautiful four-year-old daughter, and foster carer to an equally beautiful nine-week-old baby boy, so adoption, permanence and our care leavers are all passions of mine.
Having been a councillor in my constituency for over five years, I am and will always be a fierce advocate for local councils and the tangible difference that they make to our communities.
Given that my constituency has the highest proportion of people who commute by car in the whole of England, I know that a priority must be to fix the potholes.
I am delighted that the Government are committed to both devolution and decent roads.
As a proud member of the Co-operative party, I am always keen to promote democratic ownership.
Communities in rural and coalfield areas know more than most the value of clubbing together and giving everyone a stake in the places and services that they rely on.
It is safe to say that I have lots on my to-do list, which is hardly groundbreaking for an MP, but I must finish by thanking the people who have enabled me to serve my home of Cannock Chase in this House.
If it takes a village to raise a child, it takes a whole town to win an election campaign.
I thank the Cannock Chase Labour party and all the volunteers who contributed to our record-breaking result.
I thank my incredible family, many of whom are in the Gallery.
They have helped me to overcome so much in my life, and they have put up with a lot; I am sure that many Members’ families can relate to that.
The final thanks go, of course, to the people of Cannock Chase for giving me the opportunity to fight for our towns and villages.
I will go on as I have started, repaying that trust with action and hard work for as long as they keep me here.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What recent estimate she has made of the level of child poverty in Rugby constituency.
What recent estimate she has made of the level of child poverty in Edinburgh North and Leith constituency.