However, I have to point out that my constituency is the only one in England that  shares its name with an area of outstanding natural beauty—facts are facts!
But the Chase is not just a place with serene walks and herds of fallow deer, although we have plenty of both.
It is also a place of industry, sport and recreation.
The Chase is still a working forest, managed by Forestry England, which produces around 19,000 tonnes of sustainable timber every year.
The Chase is arguably most famous as a national destination for mountain bikers.
As someone who could barely stay upright on fresh tarmac, the conversations I have had about mountain biking have probably been the steepest learning curve I have been on since the general election.
But I look forward to working with bikers and Forestry England to build on the legacy of the 2022 Commonwealth games and make sure that unauthorised trails do not spoil the natural beauty of the forest.
The Chase is a vibrant place with a huge range of activities, including the high ropes and free falls of Go Ape at Birches valley.
I place on record an open invitation to  the right hon.
Member for Kingston and Surbiton (Ed Davey) , who, four months on from the general election campaign, must be suffering from zipline withdrawal.
The iron-age hill fort of Castle Ring and the Chase’s former status as a royal hunting forest attest to its rich 12,000-year history.
More recently, soldiers were trained on the Chase, including J.R.R. Tolkien, who was stationed there in 1916, and who may have drawn from it inspiration for the great forests in his legendary books.
However, as my constituents would be keen to remind us all, there is much more to Cannock Chase than our forest.
Our tight-knit communities are home to organisations that we are immensely proud of.
Charities such as Cherishers, Help a Squaddie, Catherine Care and Newlife are the best of Cannock Chase, bursting with dedicated staff and volunteers who selflessly give their time.
The construction, retail and education sectors are the biggest employers locally—unsurprisingly, given that our three main towns of Cannock, Hednesford and Rugeley enjoy a strategic position on A roads and on a busy railway line.
Cannock has the headquarters of Finning, the world’s largest dealer of Caterpillar construction equipment, as well as the west midlands designer outlet village.
Nevertheless, my constituency is not just urban and industrial; it is also semi-rural, with around a third of our land being agricultural.
Clustered around the villages of Slitting Mill, Prospect Village, Cannock Wood, Wimblebury, Norton Canes and Heath Hayes is a tapestry of farms.
Many of these communities feel left behind—last in the queue for infrastructure and services that other areas take for granted.
A lack of access to GPs and bus services is frequently raised by my constituents in rural areas.
We are also home to many businesses in the food supply chain, from processors to distributors.
Because of those constituency interests, as well as my passion for the sector, I am delighted to be getting stuck into my role on the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Committee.
Interspersed between houses, factories and nature reserves are small remnants of the once dominant coalmining industry, some of which are conscientiously preserved as much loved reminders of our proud mining heritage.
While we do not want to see a return to coalmining, our towns and villages long for the secure jobs,   social fabric and sense of common identity that characterised coalfield communities for centuries.
The sudden closure of Rugeley power station in 2016 signalled a final move away from coal.
The now cleared site is soon to be renewed, with a new community of hundreds of homes, a school and a new park, which will alleviate flooding from the River Trent.