That leads me to the points that I will prioritise as I serve the people of Hemel Hempstead.
First, I will strive to improve local healthcare, including by pushing for a new community hospital.
In line with this Government’s commitment to neighbourhood-based care, and enjoying the support of the local NHS trust, the local council and my predecessor Sir Mike, I will push hard for the project to advance in the most ambitious way possible, as well as ensuring that access to GPs and dentists improves.
I will make sure that children in Hemel Hempstead, particularly those with special educational needs and disabilities, get the best possible education.
The SEND situation, not only in Hertfordshire but in Dacorum itself, is particularly bad; the issue came up repeatedly when I was talking to voters as a candidate, and it is at the top of my postbag now as an MP.
At one of my most recent surgeries one parent, Natasha, told me that her son Alfie had been diagnosed with autism aged five, yet he has been repeatedly refused an education, health and care plan and has been waiting for a specialist appointment for almost two years.
Sadly, her story is one that Members of this House will know all too well.
I am glad the issue is an area of priority for our new Government, and I will continue to work on it on a cross-party basis as a member of the all-party parliamentary group on SEND.
I will also prioritise combating crime.
Recent stats show that Hemel was the one of the worst towns in Hertfordshire for antisocial behaviour—indeed, it was the worst major town—while vehicle crime is at 105% of the national crime rate.
I have seen that at first hand when I have had the opportunity to go out with local bobbies on the beat.
I will work hard to make our community safer, whether by getting more police officers in our town or by working to reopen the front desk at Hemel police station.
I know that the cost of living crisis is hurting people locally.
Food bank use has gone up 1,000% in the past 10 years in my constituency.
I applaud the work that local charities such as DENS, Community Action Dacorum and Hemel Hempstead Community Fridge are doing to help.
I am doing everything I can to stand alongside them, but I also pledge to push for better decisions to be made here in Westminster to ensure that food banks do not need to exist at all.
In concluding his maiden speech, Sir Mike paid tribute to the person who brought him into politics, the late Sir Teddy Taylor—no relation; it is a common name—and it is only fitting that I do the same.
After taking part in the UK Youth Parliament, I thought long and hard about which great cause I wanted to focus my time and energy on.
I got involved with the Make Poverty History campaign; I still have the wristband around my wrist.
I attended a rally exactly 20 years ago outside the Labour conference, where I heard the then Chancellor Gordon Brown speak in thunderous terms of our duty to help those less fortunate than ourselves.
A few years later, I had the enormous privilege of working for him, with my newly elected hon.
Friend  the Member for Midlothian (Kirsty McNeill) .
Many within these walls and beyond will recognise his—and her—unrelenting dedication and drive to improve the lives of others, which inspires me to this day.
Finally, I add my name to those who have paid tribute to Jo Cox in their maiden speech.
With the Labour Campaign for International Development, and now as a member of the International Development Committee, I remain committed to taking forward her legacy, particularly on the responsibility to protect civilians, which is so urgent everywhere from Ukraine to Syria to Sudan.