The  work of unpaid carers is of huge value and is often heroic.
A recent report by Carers UK revealed that 42% of those receiving carer’s allowance are struggling financially.
I was therefore really pleased by the significant increase in carer’s allowance announced in the Budget.
It is the largest increase in decades and will benefit many in my constituency.
Does the Minister agree that this change will help mitigate the financial challenges that carers have faced for the past 14 years?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to highlight that research from Carers UK.
The Budget increased the earnings threshold, so people will be able to earn £10,000 a year from work and still claim carer’s allowance, and an extra 60,000 carers will become entitled to the allowance.
It is a very big step forward.
Research from the University of Bath shows that over half of working households receiving UC have incomes that fluctuate from payment period to payment period, sometimes by up to £400.
This is to do with the way that assessment periods are calculated, and the income coming into people’s accounts.
In 2019, the High Court ruled  that the system should be smoothed, and that the DWP should look at different ways of doing that.
Can the Secretary of State update the House on where we are with the implementation of that High Court judgment?
As I mentioned earlier, we are committed to reviewing universal credit.
The way it works means that in each assessment period—each month—there is a new calculation based on the income that the person has received, as reported by His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs.
However, I would be very happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman to talk about how the system needs to be improved further.
Carers matter, including the 3,400 carers in Swansea West, so I welcome the significant move in the Budget to increase the amount that carers can earn while retaining carer’s allowance.
History tells us that awareness of the rules is low, so what plans does the Department have to communicate this important, major policy change to carers?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The threshold will increase on  7 April  next year, and all current claimants will receive an annual uprating letter in the spring that will set out the new limit.
As I mentioned a moment ago, 60,000 new unpaid carers will also become eligible for the allowance at that point.
Given the new Government’s collective condemnation of the two-child limit over the eight years since it was introduced, which includes condemnation from many Government Members on Select Committees, will they at the very least commit to scrapping its heinous, sexist and frankly disgusting rape clause element?
The hon.
Lady raises some of the worst aspects of the consequences of 14 years of Conservative Government.
We will consider all those issues through the child poverty taskforce.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on being the Labour Member for Weston-super-Mare.
I have met Liz Sayce, who will carry out the review, and she is raring to go.
The terms of reference and timelines have not yet been set, but they will be in the next few weeks.
As soon as they are, the details will be placed in the Library.
Kevin is a pensioner in Waterlooville who has chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and struggles to breathe in the cold.
His personal budget puts him, on average, about £55 above the poverty line, but he is one of many thousands of people who will be hit by the Government’s cruel cut to the winter fuel allowance.
Political point scoring aside, what practical advice does the Minister have for Kevin to get him through the harsh winter ahead?