On the shadow Defence Secretary’s accusations about a total spending freeze, I am putting in place a grip on the out-of-control spending that the last Government left.
We are securing value for money, we are cutting waste and we are getting a grip on defence spending in a way his Government did not.
We greatly value the continuity of education allowance and greatly recognise the role it plays in helping avoid disruption to the education of the children of serving personnel.
In line with how the allowance operates, we will continue to pay up to 90% of private school fees following the VAT increase in January.
By uprating the cap, we will take account of any increase in spending.
On the Chagos islands, of course I know the details because I was heavily involved in the negotiations.
This secures Britain’s military base, and it secures a military base for our US allies, which is why they welcomed it so strongly.
I have said to the shadow Secretary of State and to the House that when it debates the treaty, this House will have the full information.
Nobody knows better the defence inheritance that 14 years of Conservative government have left us for the past four months than the shadow Defence Secretary: he was a Defence Minister at the heart of the problems, with billion-pound black holes, service morale at record lows, and a crisis in the recruitment and retention of personnel.
Never again must a Government leave our armed forces in a worse state than they found them, and this new Government will make this country more secure at home and strong abroad.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
We live in an increasingly dangerous and volatile world, with hundreds of thousands of people dying or being injured on our own continent in Ukraine, and wars and conflicts raging in the middle east, Africa and beyond, not to mention the increased nefarious activity in the grey zone.
Without a shadow of a doubt, we are dealing with exceptional circumstances and we need to grasp the gravity of the situation.
I have a great deal of time and respect for the Secretary of State because I know that he gets it, but do others in government understand the gravity of the situation, because we need clarity?
We need a timetable so that not only our allies, but those in our defence community, know where we are heading.
Yes, they do.
Everyone agrees that defence spending must increase, and it is increasing under this Government.
It increased in the first Budget of this new Government by nearly £3 billion for next year.
Alongside that is the cast-iron commitment that we are a Government who will set a path to spending 2.5% of GDP on defence.
I call the Lib Dem spokesperson.
We are deeply concerned about the impact of the US elections on Ukraine and Europe.
President Trump is an unreliable partner and, within days of his election, US support to Ukraine is regrettably under question.
Clearly the UK needs to urgently set out a path to spending 2.5% of GDP on defence.
We need to lead in Europe.
Does the Secretary of State agree that the previous Government’s legacy on our Army, which is the smallest since the Napoleonic era, is deeply regrettable?
Will he commit to securing a UK-EU defence and security agreement, as was on the table while Theresa May was Prime Minister?
Will the Government convene a summit on saving Ukraine, to begin the process of seizure of frozen Russian assets, so that the UK and our European allies can support Ukraine regardless of the path the US takes?
We do not need a summit to release the interest on the frozen assets—the corrupt Russian money—as we are doing that already.