Will he commit to securing a UK-EU defence and security agreement, as was on the table while Theresa May was Prime Minister?
Will the Government convene a summit on saving Ukraine, to begin the process of seizure of frozen Russian assets, so that the UK and our European allies can support Ukraine regardless of the path the US takes?
We do not need a summit to release the interest on the frozen assets—the corrupt Russian money—as we are doing that already.
The Chancellor and I are working closely on that, and we have announced that, from early next year, £2.3 billion will be available for Ukraine for that purpose.
I give the hon.
Lady the assurance that we will pursue a UK-EU security pact, alongside the deep bilateral agreements we have already started to strike, including the one last month with Germany, which was the most comprehensive defence agreement this country has signed in many years.
Finally, the hon.
Lady is right—I have argued this before—that at a time of increasing global threats, European nations in NATO must do more of the heavy lifting.
We must be prepared to spend more on defence, but we must also be prepared to work together to increase the level of deterrence we can offer to those who would do us harm.
Was President Trump not right in his first term, when he pushed NATO countries to increase defence spending?
The numbers have gone from six countries meeting the 2% target back in 2021, up to 23 countries meeting the target now.
Is this not serious, because if President Trump makes decisions on Ukraine in his second term, we might be faced with a choice either to accept those decisions or to step up and ensure Europe’s defence ourselves?
I welcome the fact that 23 NATO nations will hit the 2% spend this year.
I regard that as a floor, not a ceiling.
The UK, under Governments of both parties, has always spent well above and set the pace for other European countries.
We will continue to do that, because European countries in NATO must take on more of the NATO leadership.
We are determined that the UK will do that, which is why we have said that our approach to defence will be a NATO-first policy.
We will, wherever we can, look to be first in NATO, so that we set the pace on the sort of transformation to the better equipped, better able and more lethal forces that our nations need to deter adversaries and to defend ourselves if required.
The Secretary of State is right that we used to spend a lot more than 2%: in the 1980s we spent between 4.5% and 5.1% of GDP on defence.
Does he share my concern at what I heard on the radio this morning, when a Labour politician in another place was saying that he could see an outcome in Ukraine whereby Russia gets to keep the territory it has occupied, while Ukraine does not get any guarantee of joining NATO but merely some more security assurances?
We know what happened last time with the security assurances previously given.
Does the Secretary of State agree that, whether we spend 2.5% on defence now or in the near future, it is important that whoever we send to Washington does not capitulate in advance?
The right hon.
Gentleman made the important point, implicitly in his question, that it is the Ukrainians who are fighting and the Ukrainians who will make the call about whether to talk and on what terms.