May I welcome the Government’s approach on this issue, and the 23% increase in enforced removals since last summer?
I agree with the Minister that the way to deal with this issue is to smash the criminal gangs.
I urge her to consider what attention she gives to the shadow Home Secretary who, when he was a Home Office Minister, imposed hotels on my constituency, and was the Chief Secretary to the Treasury for Liz Truss during the mini-Budget.
The shadow Home Secretary’s record in office is a matter that we may well keep coming back to.
I agree with the observations that my hon.
Friend makes.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
Everybody in this House wants an end to small boat crossings and the risks that people take to cross the channel.
The Minister has announced a number of measures this week.
When does she expect those measures to start producing a reduction in crossings?
Will she commit to keeping the Select Committee informed on progress?
It is my first chance to congratulate the right hon.
Lady on her election as Chair of the Select Committee.
I look forward to coming before her Committee whenever she wishes to talk to me.
The Department certainly wishes to keep her informed about what is going on.
There has been a significant shift in international co-operation, what with the G7 collaboration on smuggling and the dialogues of the European Political Community, of which there is a meeting tomorrow, at which we hope there will be some announcements.
The Government have also been working on bilateral memorandums of understanding and action plans across Europe to achieve a step change in cross-border co-operation, which is the key to beginning to tackle the awful criminal smuggling activity.
In the five years before the election, I worked on preventing human trafficking in Scotland, including with many of the victims who came on small boat crossings.
They have gone through the most appalling abuse that chills the soul.
Does the Minister agree that public money is far better spent on smashing the gangs and freeing the victims than on a Rwanda plan that was never going to work?
Yes, I agree profoundly with my hon.
Friend, which is why the new Government have changed tack in this area.
I am sure that we will see the results in due course.
The Government have pledged millions of pounds to smashing the gangs, on top of the millions of pounds that we spent on stopping the boats.
The Government have pledged more drones on the channel and to fast-track cases, just as we deployed drones on the channel and fast-tracked cases.
The Government have set up a border security command, which sounds remarkably similar to the small boats operational command that we set up when in government.
Other than scrapping the one thing that would have worked—that is, the deterrent—what have this Government done that is different that is actually going to stop the boats?
First, the border security command is operationally completely different from the command on the channel, which is deliberately there to try to save life and find out what is going on on the water.
Operationally, the border security command will co-operate across borders in a very different way.
If I were the right hon.
and learned Lady, I would not be boasting about the colossal morass of wasted expenditure that the Rwanda scheme represented—£700 million down the drain, with plans to spend nearly £10 billion on the plan over the next few years.
It was a gross waste of money that did not deter a single boat crossing.
The gangs that run this vile trade care only for their profits, not for the lives that they put at risk.
Will the Minister reassure the House and my constituents in East Thanet that the border security command will do everything to break the evil smuggling gangs and bring the ringleaders to justice?