I am delighted to be here today as the Member of Parliament for North Ayrshire and Arran, my home constituency, and I am honoured that people put their faith in me and voted for me to be their MP.
I thank my family and friends for their support, which was greatly appreciated.
I pay my respects to my predecessor Patricia Gibson for her work in the constituency over the past nine years.
Like me, she cares about the community we serve, and I wish her well.
I also pay my respects to her staff for their hard work.
Staff often go unrecognised, but they play a vital part in delivering for our communities.
I first got interested in politics at a very young age.
One of our neighbours, David Lambie, was the hon.
Member for Central Ayrshire from 1970 until 1983 and was very active in the area.
That was my introduction to politics and to this place.
I was fascinated by what was going on and how it all worked.
I remember being in the Gallery to see Prime Minister’s questions in the 1980s; I still cannot quite believe that I am now here sitting on the green Benches.
North Ayrshire and Arran is a mix of towns—many of them post-industrial—villages, rural and island communities.
It has the best of both the countryside and the seaside, with two beautiful islands, but I will say more about that later.
I have lived in the constituency for most of my life, although I started my working life in London in the 1980s.
Jobs were scarce at that time in North Ayrshire and many other parts of Britain.
Some may remember that unemployment was very high and to get a job people moved to cities.
I arrived in London an enthusiastic young punk and not only got a job that I loved, but got to see a lot of bands, go to great art exhibitions, make some lifetime friends and generally have a great time, as most young people do.
I would not have expected that years later I would be back in London where I started my career—I am no longer a punk, as you can see, but hopefully I still have the attitude.
Coming back to my constituency, I must mention a very famous resident, Alfred Nobel.
In the 1860s he identified a site in the town of Stevenston on the Ardeer peninsula to build his explosives factory.
At one time it was the largest explosives factory in the world and in its heyday it employed around 15,000 people, mainly locals.
Nobel lived locally during the start of the project, and my great-grandmother Clara came over from Sweden to work for the Nobel family.
She never left Stevenston, as she met my great-grandfather and stayed, so I am obviously very grateful.
North Ayrshire and Arran is a diverse constituency with the towns of Kilwinning, Ardrossan, Saltcoats and Stevenston making up a post-industrial landscape along with the Garnock valley, comprising the towns of Dalry, Beith, Kilbirnie, Glengarnock and the villages of Gateside and Barmill.
The famous Glengarnock steelworks opened in the 1840s and operated until the 1970s.
The north coast is made up of small, pretty coastal towns, with the villages of Seamill, West Kilbride, which is often referred to as a craft town, Portencross, Fairlie, Largs and Skelmorlie, and of course we have the wonderful and beautiful islands of Arran and Cumbrae.
To give a little bit of history, North Ayrshire and Arran has many ancient castles and monuments, from the medieval abbey in Kilwinning to castles in Ardrossan, Portencross, Glengarnock, Kersland, Dalry and many more, and the ancient Machrie Moor standing stones on Arran.
The town of Largs is famous for the Viking battle in 1263 and hosts an annual Viking festival.
These historical sites attract many visitors, and tourism is important to our local communities, particularly our island communities.
I must mention some famous residents, past and president—[Interruption.]