Friend is right to raise higher education.
We inherited a sector facing severe financial challenges.
Universities have suffered a real-terms decline in their income and the gap between disadvantaged students and their peers is the highest on record.
We have had to take tough decisions to put that on a secure footing, but we are also taking the step of easing living pressures by increasing maintenance loans, which is worth an extra £414 per year.
Jo Hamilton, my constituent and a former sub-postmistress, has long campaigned with Alan Bates for compensation following the Horizon Post Office scandal.
Can the Prime Minister give an exact timeframe in which those who have been waiting more than a decade might finally be compensated?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for raising this important issue.
A commitment was made to properly compensate the victims of this scandal.
Unfortunately, the Conservative Government, having made that commitment, regrettably did not allocate any money.
Her constituents will be pleased to know that we have changed the approach.
We have set out the compensation within the Budget—a transparent, accountable Budget—and we will make the payments as soon as we can.
I echo the Prime Minister’s sentiments towards that other son of Lewis—although I wish that I had woken up today in the Isle of Harris.
My constituents there face long delays, cancellations and loss of service because of the SNP’s incompetent handling of ferry procurement.
In last week’s Budget the Scottish Government received a record settlement.
May I urge the Prime Minister to tell Scottish Ministers to use that to improve public services in Scotland, to invest in the NHS in Na h-Eileanan an Iar, to build schools in places such as Barra and finally to fix the ferry fiasco?
Last week in the Budget we delivered the largest settlement for the Scottish Government in real terms since devolution.
That includes £3.4 billion through the Barnett formula, a fuel duty freeze and an increase to the national living wage, benefiting my hon.
Friend’s constituents and all those across Scotland.
The  result of the Budget is now clear.
The SNP in power in Scotland have the powers and they now have the money, so they have no more excuses.
Does the Prime Minister think it is acceptable for a Back-Bench MP to suggest that the Leader of the Opposition represents “white supremacy in blackface” and is
“the most prominent member of white supremacy’s black collaborator class”,
with all the race traitor innuendo that that carries?
If he does not, why has he not removed the Whip?
No, I do not.
As a semi-retired violinist and rock musician asking a semi-retired multi-instrumentalist, I feel confident that the Prime Minister shares my belief in the importance of music education.
Does he agree that, as we unleash the potential of our country, we must invest in the educational infrastructure of creative arts subjects so that they are accessible to all, and will he visit my constituency, to see the great work of the schools there despite the inheritance that we received?
I am not sure about the description “semi-retired”, although that may be the wish of the Conservative party.
What I know from personal experience is that music, the creative subjects and art are really important not only for the pleasure and knowledge that they give to children and young people but for the experience of working in groups and leadership.
That is why we are determined to ensure that they are counted as subjects again in the curriculum, which will encourage many more schools to provide them in the curriculum and enrich the futures of children and young people across the country.
Before the election, the Prime Minister claimed that he would not put up national insurance contributions; he put them up.
Before  the election, he claimed that he would scrap tuition fees; he put them up.