The Splash group has been working with London architect Chris Romer-Lee and we have a visionary 21st-century design for our pool.
It would be a fantastic asset for Saltcoats and the wider North Ayrshire community.
I have given the House a tour of my constituency.
I am in this place to serve my community and my aim during this Parliament is to bring improvement and investment and to work hard to make positive change to the lives of people in North Ayrshire and Arran.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to support the steel industry in Wales.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to support the steel industry in Wales.
Steelmaking is key to our missions to grow the economy and deliver clean power by 2030.
We are committed to providing up to £2.5 billion for steel in addition to the £500 million already earmarked for Tata to build its electric arc furnace at the Port Talbot steelworks.
I was pleased to reaffirm at the Budget £80 million of funding for the Port Talbot transition board, which I chair.
We will continue to deliver this money to people and businesses affected.
Unlike the previous Government, this Government are fully committed to enabling the £800 million transition fund to support former steelworkers.
I recently visited the steelworkers’ support centre in Port Talbot, in the constituency of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Aberafan Maesteg (Stephen Kinnock) .
In its opening four weeks, it has helped almost 600 individuals, many of whom will be from Neath and Swansea East.
Will the Secretary of State join me in thanking Community union and the other organisations that have set up the centre, and provide an update on the transition fund?
I completely agree with my hon.
Friend that the hub is great.
I opened the hub last month, and Community union and others have done a fabulous job with this one-stop shop to help support workers affected by the changes at Tata.
This Government are determined to do everything we can to support workers and businesses.
That is why this renewed partnership of Governments, unions and the local council is working together to ensure that the town gets what it needs.
Funding from the UK Government is already making a difference via the transition board.
We know that there is a huge amount of work to do, but we are already seeing people successfully placed in new jobs as a direct result of the £13.5 million that we have made available so far.
I thank the Secretary of State for her hard work to support our steel industry and our general steel communities, including in Port Talbot, since she has been in post.
I was pleased to see the Chancellor confirm in the Budget £80 million of funding for the transition board, which the Secretary of State chairs.
Will she tell the House why that was necessary?
In my first week as Welsh Secretary, I discovered that the £80 million promised by the previous Conservative Government for the transition board was part of the £22 billion of unfunded promises they had made.
That shocking dereliction of duty threatened to leave workers and businesses high and dry without the support they needed.
I have therefore made it my mission to fight tooth and nail for that money on behalf of our steel communities, and I would not have left them unsupported.
I am pleased to be able to confirm that under this Labour Government the transition board is fully funded, and we are getting on with the delivery.
I welcome the new shadow Secretary of State for Wales.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.