The cruel inheritance tax assault on British family farms and businesses is estimated eventually to raise £520 million a year.
Do the Labour Government need to rethink their spending priorities urgently?
No.
We have just had a Budget, which we are in the middle of debating and will be voting on, and I expect that that will be the way we go forwards.
The 23% increase in returns of people who have no right to be here is a really positive step in giving the public confidence in our systems.
What measures are in place to continue to ensure that our processes remain robust and that the trajectory of returns continues?
We are ensuring that the enforcement part of the Home Office that deals with returns is given the resources it needs to do that job, but to make it even more successful, we have to engage with those countries to which we wish to return people so that we can have papers issued.
Again, the significant shift in international co-operation is what will deliver that.
If Rwanda was a gimmick, why are Germany, Austria, Bulgaria, Cyprus, the Netherlands, Poland and Romania looking at similar schemes?
Given the number of crossings and deaths in the channel, would it not, with hindsight, have been wise at least to have allowed the Rwanda scheme a trial run?
Those countries are not considering a Rwanda scheme; they are all saying that they will stay within the confines of international law.
The Rwanda scheme definitely tore up international law, and it was planned to spend nearly £10 billion up until 2027 on trying to remove 250 people a week from this country,  and to spend nearly £3 billion on extra detention camps for them in this country.
I do not think that represents British values or good value for money.
Given that only 3% of people who arrived by small boats between 2018 and June 2024 have been returned, a period of reflection from the Conservative party on this issue would be welcome.
Does the Minister agree that a Government who have dispensed with gimmicks and who focus on the day job are delivering that progress on returns?
Yes, but let us not underestimate the fact that under the Illegal Migration Act 2023 nobody who arrived in that way could be processed, so 118,000 people are waiting to be processed because the previous Government stopped the system dead.
We have to get the processing system going again—that is what we are doing—so that we can get the flow of decisions, return those who are not entitled to be here and integrate those who are entitled to stay.
The Government have a mandate for trying out their approach, and I wish them well.
I have always felt that unless the boats are intercepted and turned back near the start of their journey, nothing will deter people from using that method.
Will the Minister, whom I respect greatly, explain how it is possible to smash gangs who operate in other jurisdictions once they get to the point where they withdraw their headquarters to countries where there is no possibility of co-operation with the authorities in charge of those states?
Well, getting to that level of withdrawal would be a fantastic development that would put incredible pressure on many of the supply lines currently being used; if we could get to that stage, we would have already made significant progress.
The answer to what the right hon.
Gentleman is talking about is international co-operation to put the maximum pressure on this terrible international trade in human lives and exploitation.
I am glad that he is giving me a little bit of time to prove that we can make a difference.
People in West Brom are appalled by these criminal smuggling gangs.
Does the Minister agree that the last Government wasted £700 million on the totally failed Rwanda scheme?