This has come up I think five times in the last two or three weeks at PMQs.
It is clearly a serious issue.
Our focus will be on ensuring that every child receives the right support to succeed in their education.
Northern Ireland is considered one of the most dangerous places in Europe to be a woman—24 women have been killed in the last four years—but one of the most dangerous  places for women and girls is online.
I pay tribute to Belfast and Lisburn Women’s Aid, which is tireless in its advocacy of women.
What are the Government doing to keep women and girls safe online, not just in Lagan Valley but right across the United Kingdom?
The hon.
Member is right to draw attention to that issue.
Misogyny and abuse, both online and offline, cause horrendous harm to women and girls across the UK.
I commend her for her honesty and bravery in speaking out about her own experiences, and for her dedication to creating safe spaces for women in her constituency.
We must create a safer world online for women and girls through the Online Safety Act 2023, mitigating the risk of illegal content and activity that is abusive or incites hatred.
Everyone in Southwark will benefit from the positive measures in last week’s Budget, especially the thousands of people on minimum wage, who will get a real-terms increase to help themselves, their families and the economy.
The new leader of the Tory party—this week’s leader—is on record as saying that she wants to scrap the minimum wage, having seemingly learned nothing from July.
Will the Prime Minister pledge to protect the minimum wage and increase it in this Parliament as finances allow?
The previous Labour Government transformed the labour market with the national minimum wage.
That was opposed by the Conservatives at the time, and sadly they do not seem to have changed.
I was surprised by the comments of the Leader of the Opposition.
I was surprised to see the new shadow Business Secretary say that the minimum wage was
“something that legislators pass to make themselves feel good.”
I disagree.
I am very proud of the fact that this Labour Government have raised wages for 3 million low-paid workers, and I expect the Conservative party to welcome that.
After 14 years shaping the UK’s long-term strategies for life sciences, agritech, fusion and space, I welcome the Government’s industrial strategy.
However, too many of our great companies are being bought out by our competitors.
To build the industries of tomorrow here, we need to unlock some of the hundreds of billions of pounds in UK pension funds in the City, only 3% of which are now investing in UK equities.
With the new Lord Mayor making that a priority, and the Mansion House speech imminent, will the new Government commit to seeing through the previous Government’s reforms to unlock British capital for British research and development growth?
I thank the hon.
Member for welcoming the industrial strategy.
I know that this issue is close to his heart; he has spoken about and acted on it for many years.
The Budget sees record R&D investment, with over £20 billion next year, including over £2 billion to support our world-leading life sciences sector.
Through the British Growth Partnership, we will crowd in pension fund investment to support innovative business, and we have launched our landmark pensions review to unlock billions of pounds of investment into the UK and boost growth and living standards across the country.
As the Chancellor said last week, we were left a toxic legacy by the previous Government, including rivers filled with polluted waste.
Will the Prime Minister put the River Wye into special measures by designating it a water protection zone, and will he meet me and the excellent cross-border Wye Catchment Partnership to deliver its plan to clean up the Wye?