The hon.
Member will know as well as I do that the new Leader of the Opposition is the one who sold our farmers down the river, negotiating deals with places such as Australia and leaving our farmers open to increasing quotas on imported meat.
I assure him that this Government are committed to promoting robust standards, nationally and internationally, to protect consumer interests and to ensure that consumers have confidence in the food that they buy.
We will consider the full range of tools at our disposal to uphold the UK’s commitment to high standards.
That includes using our influence in the World Trade Organisation and other multilateral bodies to argue for better and fairer trading rules.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help create new jobs in Wales.
Our mission to kick-start economic growth will deliver good jobs and growth in Wales.
Just last month, our international investment summit secured over £63 billion in private investment into the UK.
Since July, we have secured over £1 billion of investment into north Wales, creating and sustaining 400 well-paid jobs in manufacturing.
The Secretary of State has said that economic growth is her No.
1 priority.
Can the Minister say how the Budget’s confirmation of the investment zones will help contribute to that aim?
The Budget includes a total of £320 million and a commitment for the investment zones in Cardiff and Newport and in Wrexham and Flintshire.
This is a crucial part of our work with the Welsh Government to provide a rocket boost for sectoral strengths such as the creative industries, the life sciences and advanced manufacturing, including our world-leading compound semiconductor cluster.
There is great potential for creating new jobs in wind energy and sea energy in Wales.
We in Northern Ireland, and in Belfast in particular, have the engineering skills to provide the turbines for that energy production.
Everyone would gain: Wales would get the jobs, and Northern Ireland would get the jobs as well.
This Government are absolutely committed to economic growth across all parts of the United Kingdom.
The Prime Minister was asked—
I welcome the Leader of the Opposition and wish her well.
If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 6 November.
I begin by congratulating President-elect Trump on his historic election victory.
As the closest of allies, the UK and the US will continue to work together to protect our shared values of freedom and democracy.
Having had dinner with President-elect Trump just a few weeks ago, I look forward to working with him in the years to come.
I also welcome the Leader of the Opposition to her place—my fourth Tory leader in four and a half years.
I look forward to working with her in the interests of the British public.
This weekend is Remembrance Sunday, when people across the country will come together to pay solemn tribute to those who made the ultimate sacrifice in defending the values and freedoms that we enjoy today.
I am sure the entire House will join me in paying tribute to them.
This morning, I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
My constituent Suzanne is going to miss out on her winter fuel allowance this winter because she is just £10 above the pension credit threshold.
As well as losing out on that vital money to keep her house warm, she does not get the £150 warm home discount, the £169 free TV licence or free NHS prescriptions.
For the sake of a tenner, is this fair?
We introduced a Budget to fix the foundations of this country and to rebuild our country.
One of the issues we had to confront was the £22 billion black hole left by the last Government.
We have taken the tough decisions that will stabilise our economy.