That is why we are determined to ensure that they are counted as subjects again in the curriculum, which will encourage many more schools to provide them in the curriculum and enrich the futures of children and young people across the country.
Before the election, the Prime Minister claimed that he would not put up national insurance contributions; he put them up.
Before  the election, he claimed that he would scrap tuition fees; he put them up.
Before the election, he said that he would not tax family farms; he is taxing them.
Will he address his party’s growing reputation for dishonesty by making good on his commitment to close the Wethersfield asylum accommodation centre in my constituency?
We are keeping the promises that we made in our manifesto.
The right hon.
Gentleman’s problem is that he cannot add up; if he could, he might be down on the Front Bench rather than up on the Back Benches.
We will take up the issue in his constituency.
Monday marked the seven-year anniversary of my constituent Jagtar Singh Johal’s arbitrary detention in India.
Can the Prime Minister assure me that he and his Government will do all they can to secure Jagtar’s immediate release and bring him home?
Yes.
We are committed to pushing the Government of India on this important case.
The Foreign Secretary has raised it and will continue to do so, and we will ensure that we speak to my hon.
Friend as we do so.
That completes Prime Minister’s questions.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
Does the Leader of the Opposition want to correct the record, as she said in Prime Minister’s questions that the Chancellor did not mention defence spending in her Budget, yet the Chancellor mentioned it many, many times, including its allocation of £2.9 billion, which far exceeds our commitment?
It is not for me to correct the record—and that is not a point of order—but the right hon.
Lady has done it.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for the Home Department to make a statement on the recent increase in dangerous, illegal and unnecessary channel crossings by small boat?
For too long, smuggling gangs have been undermining our border security and putting lives at risk, which is why the new Government have made it a top priority to address the crisis we inherited.
Let us be clear about what that crisis entailed: small boat crossings in the first half of the year at their highest point on record, and over 100,000 arrivals in the five years prior; over 200,000 cases stuck in the asylum system, costing the taxpayer billions in support; and £700 million spent on a gimmick that sent just four volunteers to Rwanda.
When we entered government, we said it was time for grip, not gimmicks, and that is exactly what we are delivering.
Since July, we have established the border security command, headed by experienced police chief Martin Hewitt.
In the King’s Speech, we set out our intention to bring forward legislation to give the border security system stronger powers to investigate and prosecute organised immigration crime.
We are recruiting 100 new specialist agency and investigation officers at the National Crime Agency to target and dismantle the criminal networks behind this phenomenon.
We have also announced an extra £75 million to bolster border security, bringing our investment in the border security command over the next two years to £150 million.
This Government’s border security funding boost will go towards a range of enforcement and intelligence activities and capabilities including covert technology as well as hundreds of staff and specialist investigators as we crank up the pressure on the smuggling gangs.
This is an international problem requiring international solutions.
Since the general election we have intensified co-operation with partners overseas.