Through the British Growth Partnership, we will crowd in pension fund investment to support innovative business, and we have launched our landmark pensions review to unlock billions of pounds of investment into the UK and boost growth and living standards across the country.
As the Chancellor said last week, we were left a toxic legacy by the previous Government, including rivers filled with polluted waste.
Will the Prime Minister put the River Wye into special measures by designating it a water protection zone, and will he meet me and the excellent cross-border Wye Catchment Partnership to deliver its plan to clean up the Wye?
The River Wye is one of our most important and iconic rivers, and we are working closely with the Welsh Government on that pressing issue.
The destruction of our waterways should never have been allowed.
That is why we have launched a water commission to attract investment and speed up infrastructure delivery, and why we have introduced legislation to enable tougher penalties and severe fines to crack down on polluters.
I will ensure that my hon.
Friend gets a meeting with the relevant Minister.
I call the Father of the House.
As a good lawyer, the Prime Minister will want to listen to the evidence, so if evidence mounts from experts and organisations such as the National Farmers Union that smaller family farms of average size—250 acres—will be severely impacted by the tax changes, will he, in a spirit of compromise, listen to that evidence, keep an open mind and perhaps be prepared to raise the threshold in order to preserve our family farms?
We are listening to farmers, and the Environment Secretary and Treasury Ministers met with the NFU on Monday.
We have taken a fair and balanced approach: the vast, vast majority of farms will not be affected.
What I will also say is that having grown up in a rural community, I know that rural communities also need an NHS that is back on its feet, schools that their children can go to and homes that their families can afford to live in, but we will continue to talk to the NFU and others.
This week, the Leader of the Opposition told us that any outrage at suitcases full of wine and karaoke machines in Downing Street while people across the country were told to stay at home was all “overblown”.
For the people and businesses in my constituency who followed the rules—many of us at great personal cost—this is an insult.
Will the Prime Minister join me in ensuring that we as a country learn the lessons from covid, and that the Conservatives as a party learn the lessons of their behaviour too?
Across the country, people made enormous sacrifices during covid.
They missed weddings, births and deaths—really important moments in their and their families’ lives.
In doing so, they saved the lives of people they will probably never meet.
That was a collective effort, and unfortunately the party opposite, who set the rules, did not follow them themselves.
It was a betrayal of those who did, and I think the Leader of the Opposition was wrong to describe the public anger and upset as “overblown”.
I am sure she will want to clarify that at the first opportunity.
I call Llinos Medi.
Diolch, Llefarydd.
Representatives of Glan Rhos nursing home in my constituency tell me that the Budget changes mean a 10% increase in their in-year costs—a staggering £127,500 extra.
Will the Prime Minister reconsider the rise in employer national insurance?
What we did in last week’s Budget was ensure that no one would face tax rises in their payslip.
We had to deal with the £22 billion black hole, but when we did so, we protected the smallest businesses and charities.
We doubled the employment allowance to £10,500, meaning that 40% of employers will not pay employer national insurance contributions.