It will undoubtedly make the people of Wales poorer.
Pensioners have been left wondering whether they should turn on their heating this winter, and family farms will be destroyed.
The Budget is affecting business confidence and employment across the nation.
The Budget provides the biggest ever settlement in real terms since the dawn of devolution, a protected £80 million for steelworkers and businesses, £88 million for city and growth deals, £320 million for funding through investment zones, £25 million for coal tips and a protected £440 million for local communities— I could go on.
It was a great deal for Wales.
rose—
Order.
You cannot just keep asking questions, shadow Secretary of State.
You are allowed only two, and that was your second.
What recent discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on increasing economic growth in Wales.
The growth mission is the central priority for this Government.
Our new industrial strategy and national wealth fund will boost economic growth across Wales, creating jobs and driving up living standards.
Working alongside ministerial colleagues, I was pleased to confirm £320 million of funding for two investment zones in Wales, the green light on the freeport in the Celtic sea and protection for local community growth funding across Wales.
I thank the Secretary of State for her answer.
Universities in Wales, such as Wrexham University in my constituency, are crucial not just for the educational and research outcomes they provide, but for the economic opportunities they give our towns and cities, with a recent report by Universities Wales showing that their contribution to the economy stands at £11 billion.
At a time when we are firmly in pursuit of economic growth, can the Secretary of State tell me what conversations she has had to ensure that universities in Wales are partners in this mission?
Will she agree to visit Wrexham University with me to see at first hand the brilliant work that it is doing in collaboration with local businesses?
I would be delighted to go back to Wrexham and visit the university with my hon.
Friend.
Welsh universities will benefit from record levels of investment in research and development, which will be worth over £20 billion next year.
The Budget confirmed £160 million of funding for the Wrexham and Flintshire investment  zone, which was chosen due to the presence of world-renowned research institutions such as Wrexham University and Bangor University.
We say the phrase “no farmers, no food” so often, but never has there been a need for such emphasis as in the wake of the autumn Budget.
Farmers in Wales, in Northern Ireland and right across this United Kingdom are reeling from the change in agricultural property relief and the impact it will have on the future of family farms.
What is the Secretary of State doing to support farmers and make this case to the Treasury?
This Government continue to provide significant tax relief for farmers.
For example, farming parents are able to pass up to £3 million to their children free of tax.
They then pay half of the normal inheritance tax rates on anything over £3 million, and they have up to 10 years to pay it.
The vast majority of farms will be unaffected by the changes in the Budget and will continue not to pay inheritance tax.
What discussions she is having with the Welsh Government on collaborative efforts to improve healthcare in England and Wales.
Cutting waiting lists is a top priority for both this Government and the Welsh Government.
Last week’s spending review provided the Welsh Government with the largest real-terms settlement since devolution, including an additional £1.7 billion for 2025-26, enabling them to spend more on public services such as the NHS.
I continue to collaborate with ministerial colleagues in both Governments, with the aim of driving down waiting lists.