The median price of a house in my constituency is 11 times the average salary, and the rental market follows on from that, basically.
It is unaffordable for many people.
On top of that, a lot of our affordable housing is badly insulated, and people rely on oil for their heating.
Across my constituency, there are families who cannot afford to heat their homes.
As the Government are rebuilding Britain, which I hope that we can do, they should ensure that homes are built that are affordable for people to live in—not just homes that have an affordable price or rent but that are energy-efficient so that they are cheap to run.
We must also ensure that we have the infrastructure and support around those homes, whether that is doctors, dentists, schools, green space or water.
We need to have all those things.
On the subject of dentists, Ely and East Cambridgeshire is a dental desert.
I am horrified to say that people cannot get on an NHS dental list in my constituency.
That has to change.
I have met people who have spent their life savings on dental treatment or people who, for heaven’s sake, have done it themselves.
It is horrendous and we have to address it.
My great-grandfather grew up in the workhouse around Stoke-on-Trent.
My parents were the first people in their families to go to university, and they always brought me up to believe that I could do anything I wanted as long as I worked hard on it.
I first stood for Parliament in 1987, and mum and dad helped me with that campaign.
Sadly, my dad died a few years ago, but my mum supported my election campaign this year, and I know that dad would have been really pleased to see me elected to this House, just as mum was.
I now have to correct an error I made on election night.
I did not expect to win, so I had not written a victory speech.
I remembered most of the people I had to thank but, as my husband and my children have repeatedly reminded me since, I forgot to thank them, so I am delighted to put on record, and in Hansard no less, my thanks to my husband, Jon, and my children, David and Kathryn, for their unswerving support and encouragement.
This might sound a bit odd, but I also need to thank Fosters mill, which is a 19th-century windmill in Swaffham Prior that is still going strong.
Its Prior’s oats fuelled my campaign and now give me a breakfast boost each morning to get me through the day.
I have to thank my agent Lorna Dupré for running a wonderful campaign and all my campaign team for delivering leaflets and doing all the canvassing.
Most of all, I want to thank the people of Ely and East Cambridgeshire for engaging in the conversations and putting their trust in me to be their MP.
I will do my utmost to make sure that their voices are heard in this House.
I will also try to be the very best local MP possible.
Many thanks, Madam Deputy Speaker, for calling me to give my maiden speech in such an important debate.
It was great to see a Budget delivered by a female Chancellor, the first one ever in this Parliament, and a Budget delivering the largest funding settlement for Scotland in the history of devolution.
I am delighted to be here today as the Member of Parliament for North Ayrshire and Arran, my home constituency, and I am honoured that people put their faith in me and voted for me to be their MP.
I thank my family and friends for their support, which was greatly appreciated.
I pay my respects to my predecessor Patricia Gibson for her work in the constituency over the past nine years.