This Government’s border security funding boost will go towards a range of enforcement and intelligence activities and capabilities including covert technology as well as hundreds of staff and specialist investigators as we crank up the pressure on the smuggling gangs.
This is an international problem requiring international solutions.
Since the general election we have intensified co-operation with partners overseas.
We recently struck a new anti-smuggling action plan with G7 partners and the Prime Minister and Home Secretary both attended the Interpol general assembly in Glasgow on Monday to press the case for a much stronger and more integrated global response to organised immigration crime.
As well as tackling the issue upstream, we have taken action to speed up decision making and stepped up returns of those with no right to be in this country.
The result of all this action is 9,400 returns since this Government took office including a 19% increase in enforced returns and a 14% increase in returns of foreign national offenders.
Sticking plasters and gimmicks have failed.
The smugglers and traffickers have been getting away with it for far too long.
It is time to show them we are serious, not with words, but with action.
The security of Britain’s borders is paramount and under this Government it always will be.
I call the shadow Leader of the House, Chris Philp.
Shadow Home Secretary; thank you, Mr Speaker.
I am afraid the Government’s actions belie the reality.
Since they came to office, 17,520 people have crossed the English channel, more than twice the number they have removed.
That is one and a half times the number in the previous four months and 15% more than the same period last year.
In October alone, last month, 5,417 people crossed, three times higher than in last October.
Tragically, since this Government came to office 50 people have lost their lives or gone missing—more than in the previous 18 months put together—and, tragically, that includes 16 women and children.
This Government decided—they chose—to cancel the Rwanda scheme before it had even started.
The first flight was due to take off, from memory, on  24 July  but they cancelled it.
Had they allowed that to go ahead and the scheme to continue, the deterrent effect would by now have started.
We know it works, because it worked in Australia under its Operation Sovereign Borders about 10 years ago.
We know the deterrent effect of returns works: it worked with Albania where we secured a 93% reduction in arrivals.
Do not just take my word for it: the National Crime Agency said that law enforcement alone is not enough and we need an effective removal scheme to deter crossings.
The Government’s announcements in Glasgow on Monday are simply not enough, and they repeat work that is under way already.
The NCA and I are not the only ones saying that we need a returns deterrent.
Just a few weeks ago, European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen encouraged member states to develop their own returns hubs outside the European Union.
Will the Minister follow Ursula von der Leyen’s advice and urgently implement offshore processing?
May I also draw attention to the success that Belgium has had in stopping boats by the shore?
Will the Minister ask France to do the same?
Finally, because of their failings Labour are breaking their manifesto pledge to end hotel use, so will she pledge not to open any more hotels?
I welcome the right hon.
Gentleman —the shadow Home Secretary—to his new Front-Bench position.
What a pleasure it is to be opposite him; I am going to look forward to jousting with him over the years.
On the Rwanda scheme, during the period from when it began to when we scrapped it, 83,500 people crossed in small boats.
If that is a deterrent, the right hon.
Gentleman has a peculiar view of the meaning of “deterrence” in the English language.