The town of Largs is famous for the Viking battle in 1263 and hosts an annual Viking festival.
These historical sites attract many visitors, and tourism is important to our local communities, particularly our island communities.
I must mention some famous residents, past and president—[Interruption.]
Forgive me—I meant to say “present”.
That is a Freudian slip on  6 November !
Betsy Miller from Saltcoats was the first woman to be registered as the master of a ship and was apparently mentioned in this House during a debate on the provisions of the Merchant Shipping Act 1834.
Henry Faulds from Beith, a Scottish doctor and scientist, was noted for the development of fingerprinting.
Moving on to the present day, from Saltcoats we have Steve Clarke, the Scotland football manager, and Colin Hay, singer and musician from the Australian band Men at Work—who incidentally did not come from “a land down under”, but from Saltcoats.
We have classical violinist Nicola Benedetti from West Kilbride, Olympic athlete Jemma Reekie from Beith and musicians and songwriters Gallagher and Lyle from Largs.
There are many community organisations and projects working hard in the constituency, including North Ayrshire Women’s Aid, where I served on the board for many years and was chair.
The service provides crucial support for women and children.
There are also Men’s Sheds throughout the constituency, as I think there are throughout the whole UK, doing great work promoting mental health and general wellbeing.
The 1st Alliance Credit Union in Kilwinning ensures that local people can save and access affordable loans.
In Kilbirnie there is the Radio City Association, working hard to bring community energy and the associated benefits.
We also have the award-winning SeaSalt Streets group in Saltcoats, helping to improve the town centre, and I must pay tribute to the Save Ardrossan Harbour group, fighting hard to save the Ardrossan to Brodick ferry route, which has been in existence for around 190 years.
There are many more I could mention.
Finally, I come to my home town of Saltcoats, where I have lived for most of my life.
Saltcoats is a small seaside town on the Firth of Clyde.
It was a great place to grow up, with plenty for children to do.
One feature  that I must mention is the great outdoor swimming pool, built in the 1930s, which had a beautiful art deco pavilion that would not have been out of place in the Cote d’Azur—although certainly did not have its weather.
The pool welcomed many visitors from Glasgow and beyond and was very busy all through the summer, despite the fact that it was freezing cold and sometimes people would be swimming next to a jellyfish or an eel—that was all part of the experience.
I learned to swim in the pool at a young age and have very fond memories of it.
Sadly, the beautiful art deco pavilion was demolished in the 1980s, but the swimming pool remains.
During covid, I started a campaign with other local enthusiasts to revive and reopen the pool.
We call ourselves the Splash group and we are linked with the UK Future Lidos group, which comprises other lido enthusiasts aiming to build lidos or to reopen existing ones throughout the UK and Ireland.
Outdoor swimming has never been so popular and now is definitely the time to do it.
It is good for both physical and mental health and wellbeing, and the pool would offer a safe outdoor space for swimmers.
The Splash group has been working with London architect Chris Romer-Lee and we have a visionary 21st-century design for our pool.
It would be a fantastic asset for Saltcoats and the wider North Ayrshire community.
I have given the House a tour of my constituency.