There have been 9,400 in that period, which includes a 19% increase in enforced returns and a 14% increase in returns of foreign national offenders.
We will ensure that our immigration system has integrity.
Sometimes, when listening to the exchanges between Labour Front Benchers and the Conservatives, we can forget that we are dealing with real people who are fleeing the most unimaginable horrors.
Aside from the bizarre Rwanda plan, why is the Minister continuing with the same failed approach as the Tories?
The Government continue to spend millions on hotels, drones and various bits of high tech; how about trying something different?
How about looking at safe and legal routes, in order to smash the gangs?
And how about showing some compassion?
I am not going to get into a competition with the hon.
Gentleman about compassion.
We have a duty to ensure that asylum seekers who come to our shores are properly processed and dealt with, and integrated in our society if asylum is granted. [
Interruption.]
Despite the hon.
Gentleman chuntering away, I am not going to stand here and say that we will let people smugglers, who exploit people for money, decide who comes to our country.
We have to stop this trade; that is not at odds with treating those who arrive here with compassion.
When I stood for election on  4 July  this year, my commitment to my voters was that we would smash the criminal gangs and stop the small boats.
At that point, the number of small boat crossings was 6% higher than in the worst ever year, 2022.
Does the Minister welcome the data that shows that the number is now 9,000 lower than in 2022?
Yes, but the House has to have patience.
There are no magic wands to wave in this policy area, and there are no fantasy policies now that we have got rid of the Rwanda scheme.
There is hard, day-to-day operational work to try to get the system that we inherited—which is in complete chaos, with huge backlogs—back into some kind of order, so that we can run it properly, fairly and efficiently.
That is what we are focusing on.
I recently listened to an interview with a retired former inspector of borders and immigration, who was responding to the Government’s announcements.
He outlined his concerns about the impact of the measures on their own, without an effective deterrent, and about how the Government will measure their success—the percentage or volume by which they want to see small boat crossings reduced after the announcements.
What percentage reduction in small boat crossings would the Government view as success?
I am not getting into a numbers game in the House.
We are trying to deal with and dismantle a trade that was allowed to become established and industrialised on the previous Government’s watch.
I am not going to stand here and say, “It’ll happen overnight,” but we will make progress.
Folks in Plymouth are really interested in how the Government will solve this big problem.
They will welcome the increase in money towards dealing with the problem and the increase in returns.
Another thing they want is constructive, lively debate with ideas in this place.
Unfortunately, the Opposition seem so devoid of ideas that they will bang on for another four years about their landmark Rwanda policy to stop the boats—a failed scheme that got firmly rejected by the electorate.
Does the Minister agree that the first sign of insanity is trying the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result?
Yes.
In the Home Office annual report, it is confirmed that in 2022-23 £3 billion was spent on hotel costs for illegal migrants, averaging £8 million a day.
The cruel inheritance tax assault on British family farms and businesses is estimated eventually to raise £520 million a year.
Do the Labour Government need to rethink their spending priorities urgently?
No.