What we did in last week’s Budget was ensure that no one would face tax rises in their payslip.
We had to deal with the £22 billion black hole, but when we did so, we protected the smallest businesses and charities.
We doubled the employment allowance to £10,500, meaning that 40% of employers will not pay employer national insurance contributions.
Companies with four employees or fewer on the minimum wage will pay no employer NICs at all, and half of businesses that pay NICs will see no change or pay less after the Budget.
My  constituents were pleased to hear last week’s Budget prioritise investment in public infrastructure, including important projects such as the electrification of the Wigan to Bolton railway line, which will deliver more reliable and greener journeys.
Does the Prime Minister agree that investment in the key infrastructure of towns such as Horwich, Westhoughton, Blackrod and Bolton is the only way to deliver economic growth and prosperity for all?
My hon.
Friend is a champion for the north-west, and the Budget secured investment for vital transport projects to transform connectivity across the north of England and drive economic growth.
That includes completing the Wigan to Bolton electrification —a really important moment on Northern Powerhouse Rail.
Over £5 billion has been allocated to support everyday journeys for working people.
By restoring economic stability and increasing investment, we are taking our country forward.
The Swan Youth Project in Berkhamsted is an incredible drop-in centre that intervenes to bring hope and a better future to teenagers such as Lex and Megan, who have been facing anxiety, depression and long mental health waiting lists, as well as families coping with special educational needs and disability.
Its representatives have already written to the Treasury saying that they are worried about getting the funds they need, as our communities face a tough winter and grants are depleting.
Parul, the manager, also assures me that she makes a mean curry and would welcome the Prime Minister, so will he join me to discuss their concerns and ensure that the Swan Youth Project and similar organisations in the third sector get the support they need as they work tirelessly for our communities?
The hon.
Lady will be pleased to know that I have been to Berkhamsted a number of times, as we have very good friends who live there.
I pay tribute to the work of the Swan Youth Project; too many young people—she cited some of them—are struggling with mental health and not receiving the support they need.
That is why we will recruit an additional 8,500 mental health workers and are introducing long-overdue reforms  to the Mental Health Act 1983.
That is happening today.
We will put more money into SEND, but we also need to look at reforming SEND, which I think and hope will be supported across the House.
I will ensure that she gets a meeting with the relevant Ministers about that.
My right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister will know that after 14 years of Tory ideological hostility and cuts, our universities are in financial meltdown.
The University of East Anglia, in my constituency, is having to make redundancies, as are many others.
Our right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Education has started to address the problem, but we need a long-term solution that does not simply saddle our young people with more debt.
Can my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister say how we can move to fix the foundations of higher education as we go forward?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise higher education.
We inherited a sector facing severe financial challenges.
Universities have suffered a real-terms decline in their income and the gap between disadvantaged students and their peers is the highest on record.