I am glad that he is giving me a little bit of time to prove that we can make a difference.
People in West Brom are appalled by these criminal smuggling gangs.
Does the Minister agree that the last Government wasted £700 million on the totally failed Rwanda scheme?
Could she set out how the new Government are going to fix the situation?
Yes, and the repurposing of some of that money and resource that has not been lost is funding the new approach.
Does the Minister agree that the loss of life is colossally too high on these channel crossings, including the loss of a two-year-old child just the other week?
Does she also agree that we should reopen safe routes so that we can treat those coming to this country with the dignity and respect that they deserve?
I do not believe that safe routes would stop people from attempting to come over the channel in small boats.
I have some sympathy with the idea of safe routes, but I do not think they would stop  this trade.
For example, 1,500 Indians came across, and we have a visa regime with the Indians.
The highest nationality for small boat arrivals this year is the Vietnamese.
Again, it is not always about people who are asylum seekers coming over; it is people who do not have a right to be here but are paying to come here.
Safe routes would not solve that problem.
The shadow Home Secretary referred to the lives lost in the channel—every single one of them is a tragedy —but does the Minister agree that his trying to make a political point about those deaths, as he appeared to do, is beneath the Conservative party, as were gimmicks such as the Rwanda scheme?
Yes, I agree.
The loss of life in the channel this year has been the highest on record, and that is because more pressure is being put on the gangs, the boats are being overloaded and there is more anarchy on the beaches in France.
Those are all things that we have to try to deal with in co-operation with our French colleagues.
My constituents want to see an end to the small boat crossings and an end to the use of hotels for asylum seekers—as pledged in the Government’s manifesto.
Will the Minister undertake to ensure that, where hotels have seen asylum seekers moved out, more are not put back in?
The issue with hotels and other dispersal accommodation is that we have inherited a backlog.
Owing to the way in which the Conservatives ran the system, there was no processing of asylum seekers, who then had to be put up in hotels.
Hotels are temporary, not a solution.
We will do our best to get out of dealing with hotels as quickly as possible by getting the system up and running and processing those who are making claims, so that we can get them either approved and integrated or returned.
The Government came to power this year in the worst year on record for small boats crossings, which were 6% higher than in the previous record year of 2022.
That was the legacy of chaos left by the last Government.
There is no room for complacency, but does the Minister agree that we should be welcoming the now 20% lower level of small boats crossings this year compared with 2022?
I agree that the first six months of this year were the worst on record.
There were then a quiet three months, and now there has been a huge increase, not least because of benign weather conditions.
I do not want to get into monthly figures.
We need to bear down on the organised criminality that is perpetrating the trade, to disrupt it and deal with it that way.
Does the Minister recognise the distinct lack of humanity about this urgent question and the discussions surrounding small boats and migration?