It was a gross waste of money that did not deter a single boat crossing.
The gangs that run this vile trade care only for their profits, not for the lives that they put at risk.
Will the Minister reassure the House and my constituents in East Thanet that the border security command will do everything to break the evil smuggling gangs and bring the ringleaders to justice?
Yes; the point of the increase in operational co-operation across borders is that if we cannot bring people to justice in our jurisdiction, we can ensure that information is swapped in real time, so that they can be brought to justice in other jurisdictions.
There will be a step change in that kind of international co-operation, which will deliver results.
Will the Minister describe clearly and unambiguously, without bluster, the difference in function between the border security command and the small boats operational command?
The border security command is not focused only on channel crossings; it is much more about using our intelligence capabilities and our operational arm to co-operate across borders, with other jurisdictions and in real time, to ensure that organised criminal gangs can be tracked, apprehended and dismantled.
We have given £150 million extra to the border security command to start to do that work.
The command on the channel is about saving lives and co-operating with the French once people have reached the beaches.
It is far too late once people have reached the beaches; we need to go far back to the origin countries, and do a lot more work there.
Will the Minister acknowledge the real concerns felt by people in the UK and in my city of Portsmouth about the small boat crossings?
Does she agree that the 23% increase since last summer in enforced returns of people who have no right to be here shows what can be done when grown-ups are in the room, and when a Government focus on getting a grip?
I absolutely agree with the points my hon.
Friend made.
There are 120 conflicts globally, which, along with other factors such as poverty, food insecurity and the effects of climate change, cause populations to move.
Does the Minister agree that, as my hon.
Friend  the Member for Hazel Grove (Lisa Smart)  pointed out, it is essential that we look at the root causes of immigration?
Does she therefore support an increase in the development and aid budget, rather than the cut in official development assistance in last week’s Budget?
In the end, any work that we can do upstream, whether in respect of development or aid, will deal with some of the causes, some of which the hon.
Lady rightly points out.
We have to stay within the bounds set by the Budget, but I assure her that I regard prevention as much better than cure.
This Government inherited a situation on our borders in which there was failure on all fronts.
There were record numbers of tragic deaths in the channel, millions wasted on the failed  Rwanda gimmick, and criminal gangs profiteering off exploiting our borders.
Will the Minister reassure my constituents that, unlike the previous Government, we will not waste time on political gimmicks, but will focus on the practical measures that can bring an end to the persistence of these damning failures?
I assure my hon.
Friend that we will do exactly that.
It is why we have seen a step change in returns since this Government took office.
There have been 9,400 in that period, which includes a 19% increase in enforced returns and a 14% increase in returns of foreign national offenders.
We will ensure that our immigration system has integrity.
Sometimes, when listening to the exchanges between Labour Front Benchers and the Conservatives, we can forget that we are dealing with real people who are fleeing the most unimaginable horrors.