The Leader of the Opposition is giving a masterclass on student politics!
But seriously, we live in probably a more volatile world than we have lived in for many decades.
It is absolutely crucial that we have a strong relationship—that strong, special relationship, forged in difficult circumstances—between the US and the UK.
We will continue to work, as we have done in our four months in government, on issues of security, our economy and global conflict.
The Prime Minister does not answer the questions; he just reads the lines the officials have prepared for him.
It does not sound like he wants to invite President-elect Trump to Parliament.
He needs to look after the special relationship.
The US is our single biggest trade partner.
Given the risk of increased tariffs on UK exports, which threatens our manufacturing sector, will the Prime Minister commit now to continuing the negotiations on our free trade agreement with the US, which the Biden Administration cancelled when they came into office?
Of course we will discuss issues of our economy with the President-elect, as we already have done.
Economy, security and global conflict are issues of real significance that ought to unite this House.
When it comes to the economy, what we have done with our Budget is to fix the foundations after 14 years, and return economic stability after the £22 billion black hole.
We have protected the payslips of working people.
We have made the single biggest investment in our country for a generation in the NHS, schools and homes.
We have given a pay rise to the 3 million lowest paid.
If the Leader of the Opposition is opposed to that investment or the pay rise for working people—she is a straight talker, as I understand it—perhaps she should say so.
Discuss, discuss, discuss; chat, chat, chat—the Prime Minister has no plans whatsoever for building on the special relationship.
He needs to realise that we in this country rely on our single biggest trade partner.
President Trump is also right to argue that Europe needs to increase its defence spending.
The last  Conservative Government committed to raising defence spending to 2.5% of GDP by 2030.
Will the Prime Minister finally match that commitment?
There is no more important duty than keeping the people of this country safe.
It was the Labour Government who signed the NATO treaty in the first place, and we are strong supporters.
We have a strategic defence review, and we are committed to 2.5%. [
Interruption.]
I remind Conservative Members that the last time 2.5% was met was under the last Labour Government.
Fourteen years, and they never did it once.
Last year, the National Audit Office identified a £17 billion black hole in the Ministry of Defence finances.
The former Defence Secretary said that the previous Government “hollowed out” the armed forces.
The plan that the Conservatives put forward at the election was pure fantasy.
The Prime Minister will not make that commitment; that is very clear.
All that he is doing —[Interruption.]
Order.
I am going to hear the questions.
If there are people who do not want to hear them, they can leave now.
The Prime Minister will not make that commitment, yet the world is getting more dangerous.
His Chancellor’s Budget did not even mention defence.
The Chancellor’s Budget last week was a copy and paste of Bidenomics.
It turns out that a high-spending, high-borrowing and high-inflation approach is less popular than she may have thought.
May I suggest that he now urges her to change course, or is he determined to be a one-term leader?
The one thing that I learned as Leader of the Opposition is that it is a good idea to listen to what the Government are actually saying.
I think the right hon.
Lady just said that defence was not mentioned in the Budget.