We introduced a Budget to fix the foundations of this country and to rebuild our country.
One of the issues we had to confront was the £22 billion black hole left by the last Government.
We have taken the tough decisions that will stabilise our economy.
This means we can commit to the triple lock, which means that pensioners will be better off, seeing an increase in their pension, than they would have been under the Conservative party.
Every week I meet hard-working families in Burton and Uttoxeter who are juggling raising their children with managing their family finances.
When they hear the Conservative party and its new leader say that maternity pay has “gone too far,” they are terrified about what that means for them.
To ease the worry felt by thousands of hard-working families, will the Prime Minister please confirm that he has no plans to change maternity pay or to roll back the hard-won rights of working families?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
He is a champion for families in his constituency.
My answer is simple: yes.
I do not agree with the Leader of the Opposition when she says that maternity pay is excessive and has gone too far.
I call the Leader of the Opposition.
I thank the Prime Minister for his almost warm welcome.
I echo the comments he has made.
It is an immense privilege and the honour of my life to lead the Conservative party.
I look forward to joining him at the Cenotaph this Remembrance Sunday.
As Leader of His Majesty’s Opposition, I will be taking a different approach to the last Opposition, by being a constructive Opposition, so I would like to start by congratulating President-elect Trump on his impressive victory this morning.
The Prime Minister and the Foreign Secretary met him in September.
Did the Foreign Secretary take that opportunity to apologise for making derogatory and scatological references, including
“Trump is not only a woman-hating, neo-Nazi-sympathising sociopath.
He is also a profound threat to the international order”?
If he did not apologise, will the Prime Minister do so now, on his behalf?
There will be many issues on which the Leader of the Opposition and I disagree, but there will be issues that unite this House, on national security and Ukraine.
I look forward to working closely with her on that.
I will provide her with the information that she needs to discharge her duties.
That is the right thing for the country and it is far more important than party politics.
The Foreign Secretary and I did meet President-elect Trump, just a few weeks ago, for dinner,  for about a couple of hours.
We discussed a number of issues of global significance.
It was a very constructive exercise.
The Prime Minister did not distance himself from the remarks made by the Foreign Secretary, and I am very sure that President Trump will soon be calling to thank him for sending all of those north London Labour activists to campaign for his opponent.
Given that most of his Cabinet signed a motion to ban President Trump from addressing Parliament, will the Prime Minister show that he and his Government can be more than student politicians by asking the Speaker to extend—[Interruption.]
Order.
Mr Perkins, I do not need any more.
Your voice carries; it is like mine—too loud.
Will the Prime Minister show that he and his Government can be more than student politicians by asking you, Mr Speaker, to extend an invitation to President Trump to address Parliament on his next visit?
The Leader of the Opposition is giving a masterclass on student politics!
But seriously, we live in probably a more volatile world than we have lived in for many decades.
It is absolutely crucial that we have a strong relationship—that strong, special relationship, forged in difficult circumstances—between the US and the UK.