I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this really important issue.
Economic abuse has a devastating impact on victims, leaving them vulnerable and isolated, and we are committed to ending this national emergency and keeping women safe from domestic abuse, harassment and stalking.
That includes £200,000 this year for the charity Surviving Economic Abuse, and His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs has launched an online tool to help charities and businesses to identify and respond to economic abuse.
I will make sure that my hon.
Friend has a meeting with the relevant Minister.
I call the leader of the Liberal Democrats.
I join the Prime Minister in his comments about Remembrance Sunday.
We must always remember the brave British men and women who gave their lives for our country.
I also join him in welcoming the Conservative leader to her place, and congratulate her on becoming the first black leader of a UK-wide party—a major and historic achievement.
President-elect Trump praised Vladimir Putin’s invasion of Ukraine.
He called it “genius”.
He also said that he would encourage Russia
“to do whatever the hell they want”
to NATO allies, so what action is the Prime Minister taking to encourage a Trump presidency to change its mind?
Otherwise, it is a huge threat to global security, and national security in the UK.
Does the Prime Minister agree that, if the US will not oppose President Putin and support our brave Ukrainian allies, the UK must lead in Europe, so that together we do?
I am very proud that in this House we are united on the question of Ukraine, and clear about Russian aggression, and we will continue to be so.
I have long taken the view that the only winner if we are divided in this House is Putin, and I am not prepared to let that happen.
Our relationship with the US is a strong relationship, forged in very difficult circumstances historically.
It remains as strong today as it was when it was first forged, and I look forward to working with President-elect Trump to ensure that that relationship stays the special relationship.
I am grateful for the Prime Minister’s comments on Ukraine, but Donald Trump has also said that “trade wars are good”.
He calls himself “Tariff Man”.
People are really worried that Trump’s trade wars and tariffs will damage our economy, damage businesses, and hit the cost of living here in the UK.
Given that, does the Prime Minister recognise that it is more urgent than ever that we support our British economy by getting rid of the damaging trade barriers with Europe put in place by the Conservatives?
As the right hon.
Member will know, we made the economy the centrepiece of our Budget, and we will do everything that we need to do to ensure that our economy grows, and that is measured in living standards going up for working people across the country.
Many families across Aldershot and Farnborough have struggled for years to get their children with special educational needs the help that they need.
It is therefore shameful to read the misguided claims made by the Leader of the Opposition that autistic people
“may well get better treatment”
and receive economic privileges and protections.
Will the Prime Minister stand with the families of autistic children, and distance the Government from those awful words?
I will leave the Leader of the Opposition to respond to those words.
As the recent National Audit Office report exposed, children with special educational needs and disabilities were being failed by the system under the previous Government.
This has come up I think five times in the last two or three weeks at PMQs.
It is clearly a serious issue.
Our focus will be on ensuring that every child receives the right support to succeed in their education.