Innocent dogs’ ears are clipped, often simply because their owner wants their dog to look scarier—for cosmetic reasons.
Most horrifyingly of all, far too often the procedure is carried out by amateurs with basic DIY tools and no anaesthetic for the dog.
We must be clear that ear cropping is mutilation—it is cruelty.
I commend my hon.
Friend  the Member for City of Chester (Samantha Dixon)  for her very interesting insight into the world of ferrets.
And just to broach the inevitable question from my family when I return home, no we cannot have a ferret.
I am immensely pleased to see such an important Bill receive parliamentary time.
I pay tribute to the hon.
Member for North Devon for all her hard work in securing and bringing forward the Bill.
She is a powerful campaigner on ecological and environmental issues, and on animal welfare.
I have immense respect for her.
But I have to say that it is a damning indictment of just how far this Conservative Government have given up on governing.
They have their own MPs legislating from the Back Benches via private Members’ Bills, because Ministers refuse to pass an equivalent Bill in Government time.
The Tories repeatedly promised to progress the Animal Welfare (Kept Animals) Bill, but failed to do so, abandoning ship after two Second Readings despite it supposedly being a key manifesto priority for those on the Tory Benches.
Colleagues may recall that Labour attempted to revive the Bill last year.
How foolish we were to assume that, just because it was in the Tory manifesto and promised repeatedly during the last election and by Tory Ministers countless times since, the Government would actually stick to their word.
I am glad the  Government seem to be content with the Bill progressing, but it seems bizarre that they have to be reminded of a key plank of their own manifesto from one of their own MPs.
As my hon.
Friend  the Member for Croydon North (Steve Reed) , the shadow Environment Secretary said, it is as plain as day that the Conservatives have simply bottled it.
In contrast with this Tory Government, I am immensely proud of the contribution the previous Labour Government made to animal welfare.
In 1997, Labour banned the practice of experimenting on great apes and introduced a ban on testing cosmetics on animals, extended to include cosmetic ingredients in 1998.
Labour then passed the groundbreaking Fur Farming (Prohibition) Act 2000.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for giving way on that point, because it was my private Member’s Bill that led to the 2000 Act.
Although it was talked out on Report by then Opposition MPs who did not like the word “prohibition”, it was adopted by the Labour Government and passed into law, which was a very good thing and led to a European-wide ban on  fur farming.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for that intervention, and for all the work and effort she made to make that possible.
Labour passed the Hunting Act 2004, which banned the hunting with dogs of foxes, deer, hares and mink.
We banned the use of drift nets in fishing, freeing dolphins, sea birds and other sea creatures from painful and cruel ensnarement.
Labour’s Animal Welfare Act 2006 saw, for the first time, animal owners responsible for ensuring that the welfare needs of their animals were met.
Labour has a proud animal welfare legacy and it is a privilege to represent a constituency that continues to take these issues so very seriously.
This Bill will finally make provision for restrictions on the live importation of dogs, cats and ferrets, as originally attempted in the failed Animal Welfare (Kept Animals) Bill.
I am pleased the Bill has the support of many others, including Pets at Home and Vets for Pets, who have long supported action on this issue and whom I recently visited.