We should also prohibit the import of dogs and cats that have been mutilated, which several Members have talked about.
Those animals have often suffered the trauma of unnecessary procedures such as ear cropping and tail docking.
Such mutilations have no health benefits; they are abusive practices recognised in UK law as illegal.
They offer only emotional and physical trauma to  the animals on which they are inflicted.
Preventing the importation of animals with these traumatic mutilations   will also prevent the importation of animals which, as a result of the physical and emotional trauma caused by the mutilations, can develop behavioural changes.
Dogs with cropped ears or docked tails may be recognised by certain members of the public as being more aggressive or dangerous.
We hear that regularly—or at any rate I do, in my surgeries.
If people keep their own pets away from these animals, which they often do for fear of aggression towards them or their dogs, the animals will suffer further from a lack of socialisation and their behaviour will worsen further.
Similarly, the banning of imports of dogs and cats with mutilations will protect puppies and kittens from harmful practices, and will hopefully instigate a decline in demand for pets with certain physical characteristics.
If it is illegal to import a puppy with cropped ears, it is common sense that the incentive to crop that puppy’s ears at its location of origin will be diminished.
If it cannot be imported and sold legally in the UK, it is logical to conclude that that characteristic will lose the value that it once had to the importer.
We may also hope that the criminalisation of certain mutilations will reduce the demand for these practices from the consumer, along with the education referred to by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Reading East (Matt Rodda) .
In this place, I frequently hear the argument that the criminalisation of any activity may increase the attractiveness of engaging in whatever is being criminalised, but in the case of animal welfare I do not find that argument particularly convincing.
We are a nation of animal lovers, and I believe that following the criminalisation of certain mutilations, those wanting to buy a puppy or kitten may understand better the harm associated with these practices and choose to shun the imported animals.
We ban them because of the mutilations and because they are damaging, not just because this is a fashion that we do not like.
As for those whose conscience does not prohibit them from requiring a mutilated puppy or kitten, the recognition of their pet’s becoming illegal in the future might.
We can hope that both the importer and the consumer will be discouraged from mutilating and acquiring mutilated animals respectively.
The legal importation will all but disappear, and we may hope—optimistically—that the illegal smuggling trade will face several disruptions, with the broader recognition of the harm that mutilated animals have endured.
My hon.
Friend is making an excellent speech.
Does she agree that although many of us have learnt a great deal about these practices, courtesy of  the hon.
Member for North Devon (Selaine Saxby) , the wider public are not aware of some of the consequences?
Could the Government not do much more to inform the public of these practices and support the wider provisions of the Bill?
I entirely agree.
The wider public are not necessarily aware of that or the wide range of existing legislation, let alone the provisions that will be introduced by the Bill if it proceeds successfully.
By engaging in this debate we are helping to raise awareness, and I congratulate the hon.
Member for North Devon on enabling that by presenting the Bill.
The proposed banning of the import of heavily pregnant dogs and cats is another provision that will help to protect animal health and welfare.