The Bill will ensure that pets are not sold or traded as objects.
This is such an important Bill, which my hon.
Friend is bringing forward with passion and eloquence.
Does she agree that the Government must put in funding at the border to deal with the problem and stop the smuggling of puppies, kittens and, indeed, ferrets?
It is a worry that the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs has reduced, or proposed to reduce, biosecurity funding at the port of Dover and in the Dover area.
Money must be put behind this important initiative.
My hon.
Friend is a huge advocate for her constituency and the port of Dover.
The Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Committee, of which I am a member, is indeed looking at some of those matters.
The Bill will deliver a manifesto commitment to crack down on puppy, kitten and ferret smuggling by closing loopholes exploited by unscrupulous commercial traders.
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for the passionate case she is making for her Bill, which I think we all support.
Her legislation relies quite extensively on regulations.
Does she have a sense of how quickly those regulations will come forward once the Bill hopefully passes?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his intervention, and I hope that the Minister can provide guidance on that at the end of the debate.
The Bill will ban the import of puppies and kittens under six months and dogs and cats that are mutilated or heavily pregnant.
It will also address the abuse of non-commercial rules that compromise animal welfare and biosecurity by making it more difficult and less profitable for traders to fraudulently import animals for sale under the disguise of owners travelling with their pets.
The Bill also addresses the issue of commercial imports being disguised as non-commercial movements  by amending the rules that govern the non-commercial movements of dogs, cats and ferrets into Great Britain from third countries.
The puppy trade has become a multimillion-pound, transnational industry, with UK sales of up to 2 million puppies annually and a value of £3 billion.
However, 50% of the industry is either illegal or unlicensed and off the enforcement radar.
Of that, half originates from animals coming from outside the UK.
According to the Animal and Plant Health Agency, in 2023, more than 500 landings of dogs and cats were intercepted at the port of Dover and found to be non- compliant with import requirements.
Of those, 116 puppies and kittens were quarantined for being below the legally required minimum age for import.
That data does not include animals detained at airports or found inland.
We cannot know the true extent of puppy smuggling operations, so those figures likely capture only a small proportion of the animals smuggled into the country.
Ferrets are included in the Bill, because dogs, cats and ferrets are in the same category for rabies risk.
I have not had strong representations from the ferret community, but I would like to mention on the record the ferret of  the right hon.
and learned Member for Banbury (Victoria Prentis) , who was the Minister for the original Bill.
Her gorgeous ferret, Roulette, is no longer with us, but I know that the now Attorney General has previously ensured that references to many of her much-loved pets are recorded in this place, and I am delighted to remember Roulette today.
While not many ferrets have made my inbox, I have done much to support the work of our fantastic animal welfare charities on puppy and kitten smuggling, so I will focus on their travel arrangements.
Pet animals can be brought into the UK from EU member states through two different schemes.
One is for the travel of owners with pets and the other is for the commercial import of pet animals.