Labour has a proud animal welfare legacy and it is a privilege to represent a constituency that continues to take these issues so very seriously.
This Bill will finally make provision for restrictions on the live importation of dogs, cats and ferrets, as originally attempted in the failed Animal Welfare (Kept Animals) Bill.
I am pleased the Bill has the support of many others, including Pets at Home and Vets for Pets, who have long supported action on this issue and whom I recently visited.
The conditions on importation set out in the Bill are vital for efforts to continue to drive up animal welfare standards in the UK.
The Bill’s banning of the importation of kittens and puppies under the age of six months, and dogs or cats that are more than 42 days pregnant, or which have been mutilated by ear cropping, declawing or tail docking, are welcome provisions that will bring a wave of relief to my constituents in Wakefield who care so passionately about this issue.
Touching briefly on cat smuggling, I am pleased that the Bill has the support of Cats Protection.
Its research found that 50,000 cats were obtained overseas in 2022-23.
Without stronger restrictions on import conditions, there is very little that we can do to ensure that these cats get the veterinary treatment they need for legal entry into this country.
Without stronger laws, there is very little that we can do to ensure that a cat’s travel conditions or point of origin were not traumatic, which is so often  the case.
Stress from long journeys is well documented and, as my husband has attested, can cause cats  painful cystitis.
It is critical for animal welfare that we get this right.
I particularly welcome the provisions for the regulation of the number of cats, dogs and ferrets that can be imported at a time per vehicle or foot passenger before it is deemed a commercial import.
This is a vital part of the Bill that will go some way towards addressing the scourges of puppy and kitten smuggling and of animal mutilation, both of which blight our animal welfare reputation and actively harm the welfare of hundreds of animals every year.
I welcome the Bill, and I sincerely hope that the Government provide the parliamentary time for its progression.
It is a privilege and an honour to speak in this vital debate.
I declare my strong personal and professional interest as a veterinary surgeon and a fellow of the Royal College of Veterinary Surgeons.
I strongly support the Bill.
I have had to frantically rewrite the introduction to my speech, having heard my colleagues name-check their pets.
I know that my two lovely dogs, Poppy and Juno, are following the debate closely, so I now have to name-check them.
They would never forgive me if I did not, and I am sure that they would punish me by rolling in something unspeakable.
We are a nation of animal lovers.
Animals provide us with so much companionship, and help our physical and mental wellbeing.
I commend my hon.
Friend  the Member for North Devon (Selaine Saxby)  for driving forward this important Bill and colleagues across the House for supporting this important area of legislation over many years.
I also commend many charities, institutions and organisations.
The British Veterinary Association, Dogs Trust—I mention specifically Paula Boyden, its veterinary director, who has done so much work on this issue—Cats Protection, Blue Cross, Battersea, the RSPCA, Four Paws, the Conservative Animal Welfare Foundation and the veterinary surgeon Marc Abraham have done so much on this issue.
The Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Committee has taken a close interest in this area for many years, and we have run various inquiries in recent years.
One was about moving animals across borders, and we have a current inquiry on pet welfare and abuse, which deals with a lot of the issues that we are discussing today.