Fortunately for Bruce, the Dogs Trust was able to take him in and care for him until he could find his forever home.
Bruce has now been rehomed responsibly through the Dogs Trust.
He is a very cute French bulldog.
Some of these dogs are bred for fashion, and the Kennel Club, along with other animal charities and vets, has highlighted the health and welfare issues that can be associated with such breeds.
Although the issues of breathing and flat-faced dogs are about genetic mutilation and are therefore not in scope of the Bill, I would like to highlight the need still to safeguard dogs of this type that are already in the country.
We must look at what else we can do to help with genetic mutilations, which cause our pets to suffer.
Last week, it was reassuring to hear about Crufts’s respiratory function grading—RFG—scheme for brachycephalic dogs, such as French bulldogs, pugs and bulldogs.
It was great to meet Dr Jane Ludlow, the vet who has devised the scheme, which assesses dogs with a stethoscope.
The dog exercises for three minutes, and the process is then repeated.
We saw at first hand that the test is quick and straightforward, and it assigns an RFG rating to each dog.
Those with the lowest grades should not breed.
Far too many flat-faced dogs have brachycephalic obstructive airway syndrome, known as BOAS, which can chronically impair the ability of the dog to breathe normally and carry out everyday tasks.
All the dogs at Crufts had the option of being tested, which becomes compulsory next year, and all those that win are tested to ensure that the breed retains high health standards.
I hope that my highlighting this issue today will ensure that more potential pet owners ask questions about the health of the parents of their future pet.
I am really glad that the hon.
Lady has brought up this issue.
I do not know whether she has seen the number of brachycephalic  dogs that are going to Battersea because pet owners cannot afford to have the operation.
The charity has seen an exponential rise in these dogs being dumped.
Does she agree that much more needs to be done?
I have indeed been to Battersea, which is what really triggered much of my interest in this particular area.
Like the hon.
Lady, I was deeply shocked by what I saw, which is why it was such a relief to see the new system come into effect at Crufts.
It gives people the opportunity to find out whether their dogs are unwell—ideally, before they have been adopted as puppies.
Cats Protection has highlighted the issue of under-age kitten smuggling.
Nala was smuggled illegally into the country when she was around eight weeks old.
She had been with her owners for eight days when they brought her into the UK from Germany without a pet passport and appropriate vaccinations.
They became concerned for her health and took her to a vet, who realised that she had arrived without meeting the requirements of the pet travel scheme and reported the matter to trading standards.
The pet travel scheme—PETS—allows pet cats, dogs and ferrets to enter the UK without quarantine as long as they are microchipped, have a pet passport and a rabies vaccination, and have waited 21 days after the vaccination before travelling.
In addition to breaking the terms of PETS and been facing prosecution, Nala’s owners were also unable to pay for the costs of seven weeks of quarantine, which came to £1,500, so they signed her over to feline welfare charity Cats Protection.
It ensured that the tiny cat was appropriately quarantined and received vet care before being taken into its Ferndown adoption centre.
Despite being removed from her mother at about seven weeks old, a week earlier than is advised, Nala was a lively, energetic kitten, and a suitable home was found for her.