There is no benefit to the cat in being declawed.
The Bill will help an awful lot of cats.
In future, we need to look at whether secondary legislation is needed.
We will ban the import of ear-cropped dogs, but we need to think, too, about banning the onward sale of those dogs in this country.
However, I hope that the Bill will stop the importation, so that that may not be necessary.
Again, we need to keep a watching brief.
Many colleagues today have talked about diseases.
The importation of animals presents a risk to not only animals in this country, but people.
One major disease that we are concerned about is canine brucellosis, caused by Brucella canis.
There were 143 positive cases in dogs from 2020 to 2022 and 160 positive cases in 2023.
There have been two laboratory-confirmed cases in people.
This is a disease—zoonosis—that can be transmitted from dogs to people.
The Bill will ban the importation of heavily pregnant dogs.
One of the main exposures to brucellosis is when a pregnant dog comes into the country and whelps here—the birthing fluids are a potential risk for people.
Vets, nurses and practitioners on the frontline are at risk, as are owners.
As I said, two people in this country have contracted the disease.
Brucellosis is an unpleasant disease for the dog.
Treatment is not recommended; the prognosis is poor and often euthanasia is recommended.
It is also an unpleasant illness in people, especially in vulnerable and immuno-compromised people.
It is a salient point to make that we need to be cognisant that laws like this will help the situation, because we have seen an increase of dogs coming in that have such diseases.
The hon.
Gentleman is making an excellent speech.
Given his experience as a vet, to what extent does he think that enforcement is an issue?
I think that there is widespread support around the House for the provisions in the Bill, but enforcement is key.
Does he think that that is getting better or worse?
Enforcement is pivotal.
I chaired the EFRA Committee this week, in the Chair’s absence, and we had a special session on issues facing the veterinary sector.
We looked closely at biosecurity, animal health and welfare, and things like the Animal and Plant Health Agency.
It is about being vigilant about diseases and monitoring them.
Later in my speech, I will touch on how we can do more in that area.
On the importation of dogs, as we have said, in the UK people love their animals.
A lot of people think that they are doing the right thing by importing and rescuing those dogs.
We have seen a surge of dogs coming over from the continent of Europe—from eastern Europe, Macedonia and so on—and some of those dogs have had diseases like brucellosis and leishmaniasis, and that is where we need to be careful.
People think that they are doing the dogs a favour, but unscrupulous people are probably rounding up street dogs to bring them over, when that does not benefit the dog in its own country.
At the same time, we need to remember that we have animal welfare charities in this country absolutely full of lovely dogs that need to be rehomed.
People in this country can do a better thing by seeking their dogs, cats and other pets from such charities.
May I give a huge shout out and say thank you to all those animal welfare charities and shelters that do so much to rescue these animals?
We have seen a real upsurge in pet ownership through the pandemic—people talk about pandemic puppies.
People took on animals in different circumstances, and now many have gone back to work and cannot deal with them.
Many of these animals were not socialised.
In the EFRA Committee inquiry, we have seen an increase in behavioural issues, with animal welfare charities picking up the slack.