In January, on the Animal Welfare (Livestock Exports)   Bill, I pressed the Minister about the Government’s plans on puppy smuggling and ear-cropping legislation.
However, as the title of that Bill suggested, the Government were concerned there not with the importation of domestic pets but with the exports of livestock.
The absence of legislation in this area is exactly why I was keen to speak today in support of this Bill.
The banning of live exports is one of the real benefits of our leaving the European Union.
Were we to have stayed in, we would not have been able to give that benefit to our livestock.
Does the hon.
Member not agree that that is a real benefit to animals in this country?
I thank the hon.
Member for his intervention.
It was unfortunate that, even at that point, we still had not managed to bring anything forward around the importation of pets, and it was disappointing that the kept animals Bill was abandoned.
We were told in the House that the Government expected such measures to come forward through private Members’ Bills, and I wholeheartedly congratulate the hon.
Member for North Devon on her Bill.
I am delighted that what I considered to be something for the birds at the time has come about, and I am delighted on this occasion to have been wrong.
If the moral arguments for the Bill—greater protections for the health and welfare of domestic animals—are not compelling enough for Members across the House, the biosecurity threat posed by a poorly regulated and exploited importation industry should be.
That is of particular relevance to my constituents in West Lancashire, which is also a farming community and so relies significantly on biosecurity.
Puppies, kittens and ferrets imported into the UK illegally pose a significant risk of parasitic disease.
The Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Committee took oral evidence on its puppy smuggling inquiry in October 2019, but the written evidence submitted to that inquiry and published for all Members of the House to read was particularly interesting.
Dogs and puppies illegally landed in the UK were recognised as presenting a significant biosecurity risk.
The pet travel scheme requires microchipping, rabies vaccination, a mandatory pre-travel waiting period and, depending on the country from which the pet is travelling, tapeworm treatment and a rabies antibody test result to create a pet passport.
The commercial importation scheme has greater requirements, as I referenced earlier, and has all the conditions of the pet travel scheme alongside a pre-importation veterinary examination, an animal health certificate and pre-notification to the authorities to ensure welfare during transportation.
The illegal smuggling of pets, where there is not compliance with PTS or commercial importation standards, leaves our residents’ pets, animals and us at risk of infectious diseases that may spread to other animals or, in some cases, people in the UK.
My hon.
Friend is making points that others have not made, so this is a very valuable contribution.
Will she say something about how animals coming in that perhaps have not had those vaccinations, or that are not properly certificated as such, can cause devastation to farming communities like hers, because the diseases  they carry do not necessarily stick to one individual species?
This can be a real issue for an entire community.
It is all very well having a law, but enforcement is the key to stopping these problems arising.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for recognising how important this is in farming communities such as mine.
This is crucial, and we have legislation in place, some of which many farmers find quite onerous, to protect the biosecurity of their livestock and land.
It is particularly relevant in my constituency, which has wetlands and bird sanctuaries.
Some protections are difficult to put in place, and I have had long discussions with chicken and wildfowl breeders in West Lancashire about the things they have to do to protect our nation’s biosecurity.