The stipulations in this Bill are clear and will be effective.
It will ban the import of puppies, kittens and ferrets under the age of six months, ensuring that they are not taken from their mothers too young and, crucially, that they are old enough to travel safely, potentially for long distances.
It will ban the import of heavily pregnant dogs, cats and ferrets, to which the same concerns apply.
It will ban the importation of dogs and cats that have been mutilated by having their tails docked or ears cropped or, in the case of cats, by having been declawed, all of which are extremely painful procedures.
Most crucially, it will reduce the number of animals that can travel under the non-commercial rules from five in the vehicle to three.
That closes a loophole currently being exploited by many unscrupulous traders—[Interruption.]
I am nearly finished, Madam Deputy Speaker.
The Bill will significantly disrupt the methods of pet smugglers and their activities, and will help prevent low animal welfare breeding operations from supplying the Great Britain pet market.
It will give owners the assurance that the dogs, cats and ferrets they are buying and allowing into their families have not been sourced illegally nor treated inhumanely.
That is undoubtedly a good thing and should be celebrated.
What is crucial is that the Bill removes the suffering of those animals; it must never be allowed to be turned into profit by those who are breaking the law.
The situation is tragic, and I fully commend the Bill to the House.
I hope all colleagues on both sides of the House are willing to do the same.
If we wish to maintain our position as a leader on animal welfare, which we pride ourselves on, it is crucial that this Bill becomes law as soon as possible.
I again thank my hon.
Friend the Member for North Devon for introducing it.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker, for calling me so early.
It is much appreciated.
Animal welfare is a top priority for my constituents.
I regularly get hundreds of emails a month from concerned residents who want to see action on a raft of animal welfare issues, from puppy smuggling to cat declawing and animal testing.
As the husband of a veterinary surgeon, I completely concur with my constituents on the importance of this hugely significant policy area.
It would of course be remiss of me not to mention my own pet cat, Frank, and the unfortunate recent passing of my cat, Smudge, and my dog, Roger.
I fully concur with  the hon.
Member for North Devon (Selaine Saxby) : pets are indeed part of our family, and are missed as much as family members.
I am sure Mr Speaker will concur with that.
I have yet to meet Attlee the cat—I do not know whether you have, Madam Deputy Speaker—but I hope to do so at some point in time.
Many of my constituents have written to me about the abhorrent practice of ear cropping.
As colleagues may know, in 2022 the RSPCA recorded a horrifying 621% increase in the number of dog ear cropping reports it received over the previous five years.
Of course, ear cropping has been illegal in this country since 2006.
The previous Labour Government made sure of that—I will come to Labour’s animal welfare achievements shortly.
The RSPCA has real concerns that an increasing number of dogs are being sent abroad for ear cropping to circumvent UK law.
Let me be clear that there is absolutely no evidence that ear cropping is necessary or has any medical benefits for dogs.
Innocent dogs’ ears are clipped, often simply because their owner wants their dog to look scarier—for cosmetic reasons.
Most horrifyingly of all, far too often the procedure is carried out by amateurs with basic DIY tools and no anaesthetic for the dog.
We must be clear that ear cropping is mutilation—it is cruelty.