It is a joy to follow that incredible speech.
I begin by congratulating my hon.
Friend  the Member for North Devon (Selaine Saxby)  on introducing the Bill.
Not only does it help the Government to continue to fulfil the commitments in the Conservative manifesto on animal welfare—an area of great concern for a vast number of my South Derbyshire constituents—but crucially, it directly and effectively legislates against those who might attempt to illegally smuggle puppies, kittens and ferrets across our border.
I am sure that colleagues across the House can support that sentiment and will want to get on with this.
I have received many letters from my constituents about the Bill, all asking me to pledge my support, and I submit to do that on the record now.
This illegal trade is appalling.
The puppy trade in the UK, as has been noted, is valued at £3 billion, with around 2 million puppies—a phenomenal number—being sold annually.
The numbers are staggering and when one considers that as much as 50% of the trade is illegal or unlicensed, the enormity of the issue is really brought into focus.
In any industry or trade where the numbers and profit margins have the potential to be as large as these are, we can always predict that there will be a degree of exploitation.
On an issue such as this, however, which involves the welfare and treatment of puppies, kittens and ferrets—in some cases, barely weeks old—it is incredibly important that we act.
Again, I commend my hon.
Friend for bringing this issue to the Floor of the House.
The criminals who perpetrate this trade are motivated purely by greed.
In most cases, these poor animals are either pregnant or newly born and are kept in conditions of squalor and filth until they are then subjected to the cramped conditions of their smuggling.
They are subsequently sold to unsuspecting owners without any knowledge of the hardship that their new pet has undergone.
Madam Deputy Speaker, I have taken a large chunk of my speech out to make sure that colleagues can get in.
Towards the end of last year, I visited Daisy Brook boarding kennels in my constituency.
The owners of the business frequently and legally transfer pets from the UK and Europe across our border and have had plenty of run-ins with those who smuggle puppies and kittens  illegally.
They told me that the smugglers have a staggering lack of regard for the animals they are smuggling.
These young puppies are nothing more than future profit and any thoughts of the welfare of these animals are non-existent.
The Bill is crucial to restricting smugglers, and it will prove yet again that we are a Government for whom the welfare of animals is a top priority.
We left the EU so that we could make our own decisions on these issues.
The hon.
Member is obviously very passionate about this issue.
Does she have any thoughts about enforcement?
There is widespread support around the House for the measures in the Bill, but the issue of enforcement is key to ensuring that we really do stamp out the puppy smuggling trade.
I thank the right hon.
Lady for that intervention, and I know the Minister will reply fully later.
indicated assent.
The Minister is nodding as I say that.
The stipulations in this Bill are clear and will be effective.
It will ban the import of puppies, kittens and ferrets under the age of six months, ensuring that they are not taken from their mothers too young and, crucially, that they are old enough to travel safely, potentially for long distances.
It will ban the import of heavily pregnant dogs, cats and ferrets, to which the same concerns apply.