That will ensure that the Bill is future-proofed and that it responds dynamically to smuggling practices.
As is the nature of organised crime, the illegal pet trade is unpredictable and ever-changing.
These enabling powers will ensure the Government can tackle low-welfare imports dynamically.
They provide the flexibility to address known issues quickly, and ensure that we can act in the future to close down emerging practices whereby people try to circumvent previous restrictions.
Finally, let me set out how this will be applied as a GB-wide Bill, and the extent and application involving the devolved Administrations.
Clause 3 sets out the meaning of “appropriate national authority” regarding the devolved Administrations.
Clause 8 sets out the territorial extent of the Bill and describes the jurisdictions in which the Bill will form part of the law.
The territorial extent and application of the Bill is England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland, except clauses 4, 5 and 6, which extend and apply only to England, Wales and Scotland.
The Bill relates to animal welfare, which is a devolved matter in Scotland and Wales, including in relation to the regulation of movement of animals for the purposes of protecting animal welfare.
In Northern Ireland, animal welfare is generally a transferred matter, but the subject matter of this Bill means that the reserved matter in schedule 3(20) to the Northern Ireland Act 1998 is engaged.
I thank my DUP colleagues,  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon)  and  the right hon.
Member for East Antrim (Sammy Wilson) , who are unable to join us today but have written to support the Bill.
The hon.
Lady is making an excellent speech about this really important Bill, which I fully support.
It is good to see it coming forward.
As she outlined, we are still waiting for a consultation response from the Government, but does she agree that it is deeply disappointing that the Government dropped their Animal Welfare (Kept Animals) Bill, which would have looked at these issues more carefully?
We need greater action from the Government on animal welfare.
Even though this Bill will help, we need more.
This Government have done more on animal welfare than any previous Government, and we will continue to do so.
Like everyone else, I was disappointed that that Bill collapsed, but that was due to amendments that changed the nature of the original Bill.
I very much welcome the cross-party support for this Bill.
The amendments to the non-commercial pet travel scheme rules and related measures, which include the maximum number of dogs, cats and ferrets that can be moved into Great Britain within five days of the owner’s movements will extend to England, Wales and Scotland.
The Bill does not apply to the domestic movement of dogs, cats and ferrets within our United Kingdom, so travel between Northern Ireland and Great Britian will not be affected.
Many colleagues and hon.
Friends are in the Chamber to support this Bill, and I know that some may think that we have not gone far enough, but we need to be pragmatic with this Bill and do not want perfection to be the enemy of the good.
I believe that, as it stands, it will do a lot to safeguard the welfare of the thousands of puppies, cats and ferrets that come into Great Britain from overseas each year.
It will also prevent the heartache and unexpected cost to families who unknowingly buy young and ill pets that often come with hidden health conditions.
The measures I have outlined aim to make vast animal welfare improvements to the current pet import rules.
With secondary legislation, the measures will go further than the Animal Welfare (Kept Animals) Bill to ensure that loopholes are tightened.
I again thank all the charities and interested groups that have shared their views about the Bill.