Member for Garston and Halewood (Maria Eagle) —I used to live in Garston at one point—mutilation is already against the law in this country, but too often people say, “Oh well, the dog came from abroad,” to try to get around the law.
It is important that we address those specific issues.
Concerns have been expressed about the number of pets that can be brought over and what will be considered a non-commercial arrangement.
For what it is worth, I think that a sensible compromise has been reached, but will the Minister answer a question about proposed new paragraph 1A in clause 4(4)(a)?
Someone can bring in five animals if they are in a car, but only three in any other form of transport.
I wondered what the situation was for someone on the train—on Eurostar—but not in a car.
I think going through Eurotunnel is covered.
If the Minister wants to think about that, I do not need an answer today, but I think it is worthy of consideration.
We must ensure that the Bill works across the United Kingdom, so it is important that there is the ability to give powers to Ministers in the devolved Administrations.
During the Bill’s progress—which I hope is rapid— I would like to probe further the different times at which different clauses will come into effect.
It is good to see that clauses 1, 2, 3 and 7 will come into effect straightaway on Royal Assent.
It would be useful to understand a little more why clauses 4, 5 and 6 will take longer.
I appreciate that there might be a transition, but at the moment the Bill says six months.
I guess that the most important thing of all is that we go further in Committee and on Report so that a deadline is put on the introduction of the regulations—certainly as far as the powers of UK Ministers allow.
At the moment, the Bill provides the power to make regulations, but I think it is better, especially as we are trying to  take this legislation through the private Members’ Bill route, to give ourselves a fixed deadline for getting the regulations done.
To that end, I am very conscious of other primary legislation.
Consultation must often happen for regulations, and we know that that can take some time, so I would be grateful to hear whether the Minister has already started preparing regulations to bring clause 1 into effect.
That is a very good point in the Bill to ensure that the first regulations must be about the specific issue of smuggling.
I welcome that.
I am conscious that plenty of people would like to speak today.
I know that the Bill will be welcomed by many pet owners who believe that they are doing the right thing.
I am conscious that a lot of people, when they are on holiday abroad, will see animals and try to bring them back—through conscience, if that is what they feel—but that is not always very wise.
We have to be careful about the sorts of diseases that can be brought into the country, especially in feral animals.
Of course, we are well known around the world for our love of animals, and we do not like to see them in distress or just abandoned.
I encourage people who are considering taking on a pet to go to one of our brilliant charities and give an animal a second home.
I can say from personal experience that it can be very positive; it can also be a bit of a nightmare dealing with some of the behavioural elements, which, later in life, can be a bit challenging to correct.
However, a rescue cat, a rescue pet—I have never experienced a rescue ferret—will love you forever.
It  is a vital part of animal welfare to ensure that they are going to good homes and are not in the hands of criminals.