With this nation’s love and affection for our feline and canine friends in mind, I believe the Bill’s provisions will be welcomed by many of our constituents.
To understand the importance of the Bill, it is essential to understand the current issues around puppy, kitten and ferret smuggling.
Currently, these animals can  enter this country in two primary ways: under the non-commercial rules of the pet travel scheme, or via the commercial importation regime.
Pet travel rules  have made travelling with pets both cheaper and easier for owners.
However, these non-commercial rules have been abused by puppy and kitten smugglers, particularly those who care not for the health and welfare of these animals, but for the financial reward from this exploitative practice.
Traders have fraudulently claimed pet ownership of numerous puppies and kittens to import these animals under the non-commercial rules of the pet travel scheme, yet these puppies and kittens are commercially sold upon importation.
Requirements for owners travelling with a pet are less stringent than those for commercial import, and rightly so—that is perfectly understandable.
Smugglers have therefore sought to abuse the pet travel importation route to circumvent more stringent health regulations for their animals.
It is the health and welfare of puppies, kittens and ferrets that is frequently compromised when these pets are illegally smuggled into the United Kingdom.
As I suggested when I outlined the sheer number of these pets in this country, the demand for cats and dogs is extremely high.
The demand for young puppies and kittens from high-value breeds is similarly high, as is, sadly, the demand for animals with certain mutilations.
Cropped-ear dogs and declawed cats are both in demand, despite the illegality of both mutilations in this country.
The sheer demand for dogs and cats of all types, coupled with the demand for dogs and cats with illegal mutilations under UK law, has encouraged the abuse of our animal importation rules.
With less stringent regulation, pet importation has been feigned, and the health and welfare of imported animals has suffered.
In 2021, almost 1,000 dogs and cats were detained for being non-compliant with existing animal health and welfare legislation, and that is just the number of identified imported animals.
As with any illicit industry, the true figure could well be far higher.
It is with those issues in mind that I welcome the Bill’s provisions, which will offer far greater protection for the health and welfare of dog, cats and ferrets imported into this country.
The measures outlined are eminently sensible.
To address the abuse of non-commercial importation rules, it is my understanding that the Bill will reduce the number of animals that can travel under the non-commercial rules from five per person to five per vehicle, or three per foot passenger or air passenger.
Right now, smugglers are benefiting from non-commercial pet importation rules, so reducing the number that any one person can claim as a pet when travelling will impinge further on the fraudulent use of this importation route and the associated health and welfare costs of puppy smuggling under this system.
More broadly, the Bill’s provisions will put in place higher health and welfare standards for imported puppies and kittens.
Banning the import of puppies and kittens under six months of age seems very reasonable because separating puppies or kittens from their mothers too early carries a risk of illness or even death for those young animals.
We know that the separation of puppies from their mothers is not advisable at all before eight weeks for exactly those reasons.