This will stop non-commercial routes being used as a loophole by traders.
Movements that are not within five days will require the dog, cat or ferret to be brought in as a commercial import, rather than a non-commercial movement.
On the measures to be enacted through secondary legislation, the Bill contains an enabling power to make regulations on the bringing of dogs, cats or ferrets into the United Kingdom for the purpose of promoting their welfare.
The first regulations that can be made in relation to dogs and cats in Great Britain under that enabling power have been outlined on the face of the Bill to provide reassurance of the Government’s intention to lay the measures through secondary legislation.
The enabling powers provide the opportunity for the Government to gather further evidence and discuss the proposals with stakeholders and the public in order to develop the new restrictions effectively.
The powers will enable the Government to tackle low welfare imports dynamically.
They will allow us the flexibility to address known issues quickly, but also act to close down emerging practices, including those attempting to circumvent previous restrictions.
The Government will use that power alongside the other powers in the Bill.
Subsections (2) and (3) to clause 1 introduce prohibitions that restrict the commercial import and non-commercial movement into Great Britain of puppies and kittens under six months.
We are still seeing high volumes of smuggled puppies—dogs under six months which do not comply with current animal health rules and are landed in Great Britain for the purpose of commercial sale—as well as other low-welfare movements and imports of pet animals.
I understand the Kennel Club’s concerns about genetic diversity and rescue dogs that are brought into the country at the age of four months.
However, the need for a six-month minimum age is due to the practicalities of identifying the age of a dog or a cat that can come into the UK: at six months old, the majority of puppies  and kittens will have a full set of permanent incisors, canines and premolars, and can therefore be aged more accurately.
The measure will enable the identification of puppies and kittens that are being moved at young ages and are thus at risk of low welfare.
The prohibition is intended to prevent the import of under-age puppies and kittens by increasing the minimum age from 15 weeks to six months.
To illustrate the importance of that, I want to talk about Bruce, who is available after today’s sitting for photos in room W3, if you would like to meet him, Mr Speaker.
Bruce highlights the need for a change to the minimum age.
He is a French bulldog who was seized at the border at just 10 weeks old alongside three of his siblings, who had all endured a journey in cramped and squalid conditions over thousands of miles from Bulgaria in 2018.
Ten weeks is well under the 15 weeks that puppies must have reached to legally enter the UK.
Bruce and his siblings were found in a poor condition, infested with worms and severely underweight.
All four of the dogs weighed roughly 2.8 kg, which is half the expected weight of French bulldogs of their age.
Their passports were faked, with at least three claiming that the dogs had been wormed before they were even born.
The dishonest traders claimed that Bruce and his siblings were all their own pets.
Upon seizure, however, Dogs Trust staff were able to find evidence of all four dogs being advertised for sale online.
Fortunately for Bruce, the Dogs Trust was able to take him in and care for him until he could find his forever home.
Bruce has now been rehomed responsibly through the Dogs Trust.
He is a very cute French bulldog.