There has been a lot of discussion today about the mutilation of dogs and cats, and the Bill will do much to tackle that.
To be clear, ear cropping is an absolutely horrific practice that has no role in a civilised society.
There is no medical or clinical benefit to the animal in having its ears cropped.
As has been discussed, a lot of this is about how the dog looks—it makes them look more formidable or ferocious.
There has been an upsurge in the prevalence of dogs with cropped ears; when we are walking around, we see these dogs now.
The Select Committee has also taken harrowing evidence on this practice.
It is illegal in this country to crop a dog’s ears, but we have evidence that it has been taking place here.
People are doing it in horrific circumstances, potentially in their back garden sheds.
Looking online, we see that the situation is horrific; there are online ear cropping kits.
We need to stamp that out as well.
This law is important and it will help address that; it will close the loophole.
We must look at popular culture as well, including popular animated films.
One of my favourite films that I watched with my children was the Disney Pixar film “Up”, which we all absolutely love, but if you look closely at the dogs in that film, you will see that many of them are cropped.
If people are going to the cinema with their kids and seeing this on the big screen, it looks normal, and that is wrong.
In the last couple of years, there was another hugely successful animated film, the “Super-Pets” movie.
Again, the lead character was an  ear-cropped dog.
Many people in our country who love their animals do not realise that ear cropping is not normal and want their dogs to look like that.
Unfortunately, there is a popular and celebrity culture as well.
We need to educate people that these dogs have been horrifically mutilated.
The Bill will close that loophole.
My hon.
Friend the Member for North Devon raised the important issue of brachycephalic dogs: dogs with very short faces that have real difficulty breathing.
That is so important, because they are lovely and wonderful dogs but they have a lot of clinical difficulties.
We need to do work to make sure that in the future breeding of these dogs, their noses become longer again so that they can breathe more easily.
Again, this appears in popular culture and in the advertising of products.
I will not name them, but a lot of major products use images of brachycephalic dogs in their advertising.
We need to be very cautious about that.
May I draw the hon.
Gentleman back to his previous profession?
When a vet sees a dog that is unsuitable for breeding, does the hon.
Gentleman think that the vet, instead of facilitating the breeding process, has a responsibility to say, “No, we’re not letting this go forward”?
I can give the hon.
Lady a categorical reassurance that the veterinary profession is strongly looking at the issue very closely.
It also has a role in educating the pet-owning public about where to source their dogs responsibly and to ensure that those dogs have a good and happy life.
But yes, the veterinary profession is looking at this closely.
What comes into frame with ear-cropped dogs is an upsurge in the past few years of unregulated canine fertility clinics, where acts of veterinary surgery are being performed by people who are not qualified.
In future, we need to ensure that we strongly clamp down on those practices as well.
I am absolutely delighted that the Bill includes cats.
The mutilations include those cats that have been horrifically declawed.
There is no benefit to the cat in being declawed.
The Bill will help an awful lot of cats.
In future, we need to look at whether secondary legislation is needed.