I can say from personal experience that it can be very positive; it can also be a bit of a nightmare dealing with some of the behavioural elements, which, later in life, can be a bit challenging to correct.
However, a rescue cat, a rescue pet—I have never experienced a rescue ferret—will love you forever.
It  is a vital part of animal welfare to ensure that they are going to good homes and are not in the hands of criminals.
The Bill will address the loopholes that  exist today.
It is an absolute privilege to speak in support of the Bill and better health and welfare standards in our dog, cat and ferret import industry.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for North Devon (Selaine Saxby)  on introducing the Bill.
I admire the work that she done to tighten our importation regulations and advance animal welfare standards for some of our most loved pets.
Her work is even more important given the absence of any Government legislation to introduce such measures.
Many of my constituents, and many people in the country more broadly, will be heartened by the hon.
Member’s dedication to improving the welfare of our imported pets.
With National Pet Day on  11 April  fast approaching, the debate is timely.
National Pet Day celebrates the contribution of pets to our lives, and highlights the care and welfare requirements of our animals.
Just a week earlier, National Ferret Day will be marked on  2 April , celebrating the estimated 100,000 pet ferrets in the UK.
The contributions that cats and dogs make to our lives will be celebrated on their namesake days, on 8 and  26 August  respectively.
That shows and proves that we are a nation of animal lovers—and one that holds particular affection for cats and dogs.
Like many other Members, I am sure, I grew up with dogs—mainly Lancashire heelers.
That is, sadly, a dying breed, but they are wonderful dogs that are particularly special to my West Lancashire constituency, where we have two kinds of heeler: the Lancashire heeler and the Ormskirk heeler.
We had Scamp, who was a vicious little beast but was loved nevertheless, as well as Pal, Beauty, Becky 1 and, sadly, Becky 2, Tilly, Tiny and Pippin.
Everybody in the family was involved in naming those dogs, and they were very much a part of our family life growing up.
As an adult, I have always had cats.
Unfortunately, we most recently lost Colin to a congenital heart disease.
Research from the World Population Review this year revealed that the United Kingdom is home to about 12 million dogs—the sixth largest population of dogs in the world.
Research from various organisations including the PDSA puts the percentage of UK households home to a dog at between 29% and 31%, which is huge.
As of 2023, the number of cats owned is almost as high as dogs, with 11 million cats across the United Kingdom.
To the many people across this country with a dog, cat or ferret, these animals are not just pets, but valued members of our families.
For others, a dog or cat can offer the much-needed companionship they may not otherwise have.
We saw the social and personal benefit of animal ownership throughout the pandemic, when 3.2 million pets were purchased during the periods of lockdown.
Lacking social interaction and instead facing social isolation, individuals and families alike sought the great companionship that pets can provide.
With this nation’s love and affection for our feline and canine friends in mind, I believe the Bill’s provisions will be welcomed by many of our constituents.
To understand the importance of the Bill, it is essential to understand the current issues around puppy, kitten and ferret smuggling.
Currently, these animals can  enter this country in two primary ways: under the non-commercial rules of the pet travel scheme, or via the commercial importation regime.