More broadly, the Bill’s provisions will put in place higher health and welfare standards for imported puppies and kittens.
Banning the import of puppies and kittens under six months of age seems very reasonable because separating puppies or kittens from their mothers too early carries a risk of illness or even death for those young animals.
We know that the separation of puppies from their mothers is not advisable at all before eight weeks for exactly those reasons.
In the United Kingdom, it is illegal for a licence holder to sell a puppy as a pet or to permanently separate it from its biological mother before eight weeks; and for those who may choose to sell a litter from a family pet, there is a consensus among many welfare and veterinary organisations, such as the Animal Welfare  Foundation, the Blue Cross, the PDSA and Dogs Trust, that puppies should not be separated until this age.
The emotional and physical distress experienced by both the mother and the puppy can be immense, and if not fatal, it can have behavioural consequences for these animals throughout their lives.
Each week a puppy spends with its mother is crucial for its social and behavioural development.
Bite inhibition and gentle play are taught in this environment and are essential before a puppy is rehomed.
The recognition of harm to kittens separated from their mothers at a young age is also already recognised in legislation.
In this country it is illegal for a licensed breeder to sell a kitten under the age of eight weeks of age.
In recent months this place has shown great concern about the possession of dangerous dogs that pose a risk to public health.
Ensuring a suitable age for imported dogs and the welfare of these animals should therefore be an equally high priority in this House.
To prevent the proliferation of a dangerous dog population in the UK, we need to prevent the importation of animals at higher risk of displaying dangerous behavioural traits.
This should include prohibiting young puppies without the behavioural maturity and bite inhibition that they learn from their mothers.
That is why this Bill’s provision to ban the importation of puppies, kittens and ferrets under the age of six months can only be a positive step towards greater animal welfare standards and towards reducing our population of dangerous dogs that may pose a threat to public health.
My hon.
Friend is making an excellent, thoughtful and well-researched speech.
Does she agree that there is a need for greater public information and education, as previously mentioned in the debate, to reduce the risk of young age puppies being sold?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his considered intervention and agree wholeheartedly that we need to make sure that public information and education is improved.
Many people do not understand the impact and possible implications of taking a young puppy or kitten so early.
They often do this out of the goodness of their heart, and with the best intentions of wanting to look after a young puppy or kitten or get one for their children, but we need to ensure that people are aware of the long-term and often permanent damage that can be done to young puppies and kittens in this way.
By removing the ability to import puppies and kittens under the age of six months, we can likely remove the incentive for these animals to be stripped from their mothers at a critically young age and thus reduce the numbers of puppies and kittens suffering from the health and welfare consequences of premature separation.
We should also prohibit the import of dogs and cats that have been mutilated, which several Members have talked about.
Those animals have often suffered the trauma of unnecessary procedures such as ear cropping and tail docking.
Such mutilations have no health benefits; they are abusive practices recognised in UK law as illegal.