In addition to breaking the terms of PETS and been facing prosecution, Nala’s owners were also unable to pay for the costs of seven weeks of quarantine, which came to £1,500, so they signed her over to feline welfare charity Cats Protection.
It ensured that the tiny cat was appropriately quarantined and received vet care before being taken into its Ferndown adoption centre.
Despite being removed from her mother at about seven weeks old, a week earlier than is advised, Nala was a lively, energetic kitten, and a suitable home was found for her.
Clauses 1(3)(b) and 1(4)(b) introduce prohibitions that restrict the commercial import and non-commercial movement into Great Britain of heavily pregnant dogs and cats—those that are more than 42 days pregnant.
There is an emerging trend in the import of pregnant dogs, but there is a strong consensus to tackle that, with Dogs Trust polling showing 79% support for a ban on the import of heavily pregnant dogs.
The prohibition in the Bill is intended to ensure the welfare of pregnant dogs and cats by lowering the gestation limit to prohibit the movement into Great Britain from a third country of dogs and cats that are more than 42 days pregnant—and so within the final third of the gestation.
That aligns with clear markers in pregnancy, and therefore pregnant dogs and cats under that limit can be more easily identified.
In addition, we expect that traders will respond to an increase in the minimum age for importing puppies and kittens by increasing the number of pregnant dogs and cats that they import.
This measure is needed to prevent that anticipated increase in imports of low-welfare dogs and cats from producers with unacceptable welfare standards.
The tragic case of Snowy, the heavily pregnant bichon Maltese, shows how important this measure is in this Bill.
Snowy was seized at the port of Dover in May 2023, after being illegally transported into the UK.
Before she was intercepted, Snowy had travelled to the UK from an EU country.
Snowy was 56 days pregnant  when she was seized—in the final 10% of her pregnancy, when it is illegal to transport dogs.
Just days after she was seized, and despite her ordeal, Snowy gave birth to four healthy puppies.
Snowy and her puppies have all now been responsibly rehomed through the Dogs Trust.
The disturbing trend of transporting heavily pregnant dogs into the country in the later stages of pregnancy causes significant suffering and health implications to both mum and puppies.
Not only will importing one dog attract less suspicion at the border, but as responsible buyers will ask to see the puppies with their mother, this tactic allows criminals to give the impression of being legitimate breeders, and thus avoid being reported to trading standards.
Clauses 1(3)(c) and 1(4)(c) introduce prohibitions that restrict the commercial import and non-commercial movement into Great Britain of dogs and cats with non-exempted mutilations, for example, dogs with cropped ears or docked tails, and declawed cats.
From my previous meetings with pet charities, I know there is a clear consensus among the charities about a ban on dogs and cats with cropped ears and declawed cats, and I am delighted that it has been taken forward.
The intended approach to the prohibition of mutilated animals is set out in further detail in the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs consultation “Commercial and Non-Commercial Movements of Pets into Great Britain”.
The summary of responses and the Government response to that consultation are due to be published in due course, and I am very much looking forward to seeing the consultation response.
The ban on cropped ears mutilations would have helped six-year-old Maisie, who came into RSPCA care in October 2023 due to welfare concerns.
She was incredibly malnourished and underweight.
She is a sweet and gentle girl who absolutely loves playing with a football, chasing tennis balls and eating sausages.