The British Veterinary Association, Dogs Trust—I mention specifically Paula Boyden, its veterinary director, who has done so much work on this issue—Cats Protection, Blue Cross, Battersea, the RSPCA, Four Paws, the Conservative Animal Welfare Foundation and the veterinary surgeon Marc Abraham have done so much on this issue.
The Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Committee has taken a close interest in this area for many years, and we have run various inquiries in recent years.
One was about moving animals across borders, and we have a current inquiry on pet welfare and abuse, which deals with a lot of the issues that we are discussing today.
We had an emergency special session this week on issues facing the veterinary sector, and we looked at biosecurity and animal welfare as well.
I welcome the fact that this Bill is about dogs, cats and ferrets, because it is important that we encompass all those animals.
I also welcome the fact that the Bill will increase the minimum age on importation to six months.
I note that some measures are not in the Bill, but also that we want to get this legislation on the statute book as soon as possible.
I hope that the Government will bring in secondary legislation to add things as and when necessary.
We need to keep the option open for future secondary legislation to include things such as reinstating the rabies titer checks and increasing the post-rabies vaccination wait time to 12 weeks.
Such measures would help to reinforce the increase in the minimum age to six months.
I hugely welcome the change to the policy on heavily pregnant animals.
On the EFRA Committee over the last few years, we have taken harrowing evidence of the   awful trade in heavily pregnant animals being shipped into this country to give birth and then shipped back out again, sometimes with fresh suture wounds.
It has been awful and harrowing to hear that evidence.
Since 2019, Dogs Trust has taken in 168 pregnant dogs that have been transported.
Currently, it is not permitted to transport dogs and cats in the last 10% of pregnancy.
It is difficult to assess when that is, so including the last third of pregnancy in the ban is a very important step.
We need to keep a watching brief on whether unscrupulous traders are flipping between the non-commercial and commercial movement of animals, and whether we need to act on the commercial importation of pregnant animals as well.
We have taken evidence showing that there are bad people shipping animals in.
Over recent years, these unscrupulous traders have been switching between commercial and non-commercial movement, and when the authorities move one way, they move the other.
We need to keep a watching brief on this.
I welcome that clause 4 states that a movement is not non-commercial if there are more than five animals per vehicle.
That is very important.
Many institutions and charities wanted the figure to be three per vehicle, but five per vehicle is an awful lot better than 20 per vehicle, because people were picking up passengers and saying, “These pets are with these passengers on board.”
The five animals per vehicle rule will be a game changer.
It appears to me that clause 5 will allow Ministers to bring in secondary legislation, so we do need to keep a watching brief and to allow secondary legislation.
When previous laws have come in, unscrupulous people have found loopholes that were not predicted by the legislators drawing them up, so we need to be able to act to close the loopholes.
There has been a lot of discussion today about the mutilation of dogs and cats, and the Bill will do much to tackle that.
To be clear, ear cropping is an absolutely horrific practice that has no role in a civilised society.
There is no medical or clinical benefit to the animal in having its ears cropped.