In 2023, more than 500 landings of dogs and cats were intercepted at the port of Dover and found to be non- compliant with import requirements.
Of these, 116 puppies and kittens were quarantined for being below the legally required minimum age for import.
That data does not include animals detained at airports or found inland.
We cannot know the true extent of puppy smuggling operations, so these figures likely capture only a small portion of the animals smuggled into the country.
According to Dogs Trust, since the relaxation of the pet travel scheme—PETS—in 2012, the number of dogs entering the country via PETS has increased exponentially.
Dogs Trust has conducted five investigations, which have exposed smugglers using PETS as a cover to illegally import dogs into Great Britain for sale.
In 2015, Dogs  Trust set up the puppy pilot through which it funds the quarantine cost of illegally imported puppies seized at the border and then rehomes them responsibly through its network of rehoming centres.
Since 2015, more than 2,256 illegally imported puppies have been cared for by Dogs Trust through the puppy pilot, which, if sold to unsuspecting members of the public, would have made more than £3 million for the illegal importers.
As many as 75 dogs coming in through the Dogs Trust puppy pilot have had their ears cropped, despite this cruel mutilation being illegal in the UK and the EU.
My hon.
Friend is making an interesting contribution.
From her research, has she any idea to what extent the regulations are enforced to crack down on ear cropping, which is already illegal in Britain, but which we know still goes on?
It is all very well not bringing in dogs that have had their ears cropped, but what does she think is happening to enforce the current law?
My right hon.
Friend makes an important point.
As my hon.
Friend  the Member for Greenwich and Woolwich (Matthew Pennycook)  said in his intervention, the Government need to commit to enforcement if they accept this important piece of legislation in order to tackle serious issues like ear cropping.
I thank Dogs Trust and other animal welfare charities, such as Cats Protection and the RSPCA, for the important work they do to support the wellbeing of our beloved animals.
Talking of the RSPCA, I thought that I would take the opportunity to talk a little more about ferrets, which do not seem to have been mentioned much during this Session of Parliament.
With the obvious exception of  the right hon.
and learned Member for Banbury (Victoria Prentis) , I do not think we have talked about ferrets in this place at all—we have been more likely to talk about reverse ferrets than actual ferrets.
I am grateful to the RSPCA for its fun factsheet on ferrets, to which I shall refer.
I have learned a great deal about ferrets in doing research for this debate.
Apparently, ferrets—or Mustela putorius furo, which translates as stinky, raging thief—are a close ancestor to the European polecat and, because of their charming and cheeky characters, have become popular pets.
Ferrets have a number of characteristics, which the RSPCA draws out.
Ferrets enjoy exploring and are very curious.
They are obviously predators, which is a characteristic for which they are more widely known, but they are also very sociable, which is probably why they have risen in popularity as a pet.
They are playful and they also like sleeping.
Apparently, they can sleep for between 18 and 20 hours a day, which is quite a feat.
Ferrets use a range of methods to communicate.
They use a smell to hunt and they are also very vocal, which made me think—in a particularly vocal debate—about how they communicate.
An excited ferret will make a “dooking” noise, which is also called chuckling.
They can also produce a bark-like sound, and sometimes do that if they are afraid.