This is crucial, and we have legislation in place, some of which many farmers find quite onerous, to protect the biosecurity of their livestock and land.
It is particularly relevant in my constituency, which has wetlands and bird sanctuaries.
Some protections are difficult to put in place, and I have had long discussions with chicken and wildfowl breeders in West Lancashire about the things they have to do to protect our nation’s biosecurity.
We need to ensure there is continuing awareness of the legislation because, obviously, parasitic infections take no notice of borders.
As I said in my speech, this is not covered by the Bill, and the British Veterinary Association is quite comfortable that it is not fully included and  that the EFRA Committee is continuing its work in  this area.
I thank the hon.
Lady for that welcome clarification.
The provision in the Bill to reduce the number of animals that can be claimed as personal pets, and that can therefore be imported under the pet travel scheme regulations, will help to address this biosecurity risk.
Reducing the number of puppies, kittens and ferrets that can be admitted to just three will help to reduce the numbers that a smuggler can import under these less stringent biosecurity rules.
Proposed new article 5A of the regulations should further help to limit abuse of the pet travel scheme.
Under this article, the movement of a cat, dog or ferret would not be classed as non-commercial unless the animal is accompanied by its owner, or unless the movement occurs within five days of its owner arriving in the country.
This change would help to prevent abuse of the non-commercial importation regulations and limit the awful feigning of commercial animals as pets to circumvent the requirements for commercial imports.
Alongside that reduction, the Bill would place an emphasis on greater enforcement mechanisms, which we have talked about at length.
I would welcome any further detail that the hon.
Member for North Devon can provide to ensure that this sensible and worthwhile legislation is able to be enforced.
Having looked at the Bill with great interest, and having considered the specifics of each measure carefully, I am proud to support the hon.
Member for North Devon in the passage of the Bill.
Along with many millions in this country, I hold our pets in the highest regard.
They make the lives of families and individuals up and down the country fuller and brighter.
It is with the societal benefit of cats, dogs and ferrets and their welfare and health in mind that I am proud to support the Bill.
Its measures will protect the welfare of our domestic animal imports and protect our animals and public health at home.
I also support the Bill because, as I said, we sadly lost our cat, Colin, to congenital heart disease just after we had moved house.
We are looking forward to getting a new cat—yet to be named—and hopefully a new dog, which I am insisting will be called Kenneth.
It is really important to me that legislation is in place to ensure that anybody buying a new cat, dog or ferret as a member of their family can be reassured that it has been treated properly.
After the contribution from my hon.
Friend  the Member for City of Chester (Samantha Dixon) , I am seriously considering also getting a ferret.
My father has always wanted one.
Once again, I thank the hon.
Member for North Devon and congratulate her on picking up what the Government have hitherto refused to advance.
This is a necessary, important and common-sense piece of legislation that I urge all Members who are present today to support.
It is a joy to follow that incredible speech.
I begin by congratulating my hon.
Friend  the Member for North Devon (Selaine Saxby)  on introducing the Bill.