People took on animals in different circumstances, and now many have gone back to work and cannot deal with them.
Many of these animals were not socialised.
In the EFRA Committee inquiry, we have seen an increase in behavioural issues, with animal welfare charities picking up the slack.
I pay tribute to those charities; they have a really important and stressful job, and we are very lucky to have them.
We need to keep vigilant when it comes to biosecurity.
We should think about introducing secondary legislation on pre-importation checks for dogs, so that we can check them for brucella canis when they come in.
In 2012, the EU stopped the mandatory treatment against ticks and tapeworms in some animals coming in.
Now that we have left the European Union, we have the opportunity to reinstate that mandatory treatment.
Let me illustrate how that could be important.
Madam Deputy Speaker, just up the road from your constituency in Epping Forest is Harlow.
A few years ago, a dog picked up babesiosis on a walk in Harlow.
The dog had never been out of the country, so had picked up that disease from a tick in a field in Harlow, Essex.
Obviously,  a dog had gone out of the country, or come back in, and had not been treated, dropped the tick and a dog here got that disease.
That illustrates how a simple change through secondary legislation could protect dogs in this country.
That is something that we need to consider.
We have talked a lot about biosecurity, and we have mentioned today the Animal and Plant Health Agency, which does fantastic work in keeping our country safe.
It has dealt with incredible threats in recent years: it has been tackling avian influenza; it is working closely on bovine tuberculosis; and now there is the increasing threat of bluetongue, which the Minister for Food, Farming and Fisheries, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Sherwood (Mark Spencer)  is looking at very closely.
As the midge season approaches, this virus will put everyone under pressure.
Again, I pay tribute to those people on the frontline who are trying to do so much to keep the animal and plant health of our nations safe and, indirectly, human public health as well.