The measures I have outlined aim to make vast animal welfare improvements to the current pet import rules.
With secondary legislation, the measures will go further than the Animal Welfare (Kept Animals) Bill to ensure that loopholes are tightened.
I again thank all the charities and interested groups that have shared their views about the Bill.
I hope that the Bill has met some of the expectations and illustrated the positive steps that we are taking to stop this cruel trade.
We are a nation of animal lovers—a Parliament of pet lovers—and this legislation will ensure that the UK is leading the world when it comes to animal welfare.
It is a pleasure to speak in today’s debate on the Animal Welfare (Import of Dogs, Cats and Ferrets) Bill.
Cestrians are certainly fond of animals and animal rights, and I have received hundreds of items of correspondence from constituents regarding the Bill and asking me to contribute to the debate.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for North Devon (Selaine Saxby)  on bringing forward the Bill.
Like my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bristol South (Karin Smyth)  and many of my constituents, I was disappointed by the scrapping of the Animal Welfare (Kept Animals) Bill last year—a manifesto pledge on which the Government stood—so I am pleased that  some of the key issues from that Bill are addressed in this Bill.
Again, I congratulate the hon.
Member for North Devon.
As important as this Bill is, does my hon.
Friend agree that its provisions could have been on the statute book by now if the Government had not blocked Labour’s efforts to revive the Animal Welfare (Kept Animals) Bill last year?
Yes, indeed.
I agree with my hon.
Friend.
The Bill is a declaration of our commitment to compassion and responsibility towards our furry companions.
It seeks to address several pressing issues concerning the importation of these animals, ensuring their safety, health and wellbeing.
My constituency has always cared for animals and led the way on animal rights.
Chester West and Chester Council was one of the first authorities to permanently ban the practice of trail hunting on council-owned land.
The National Trust soon followed suit.
The changes introduced by the last Labour Government have left an indelible mark on British history and have stood the test of time, from the bans on fox hunting and fur farming, to the action to stop experimentation on great apes and the testing of cosmetics on animals.
We must ensure that we do not stop there.
We should lead the way on animal welfare, and this Bill is another step forward and is long overdue.
Puppies, kittens and other animals continue to be illegally imported into the UK on an industrial scale, alongside increasing numbers of heavily pregnant dogs and cats, and animals with mutilations, such as cropped ears.
Every year, thousands of puppies are illegally imported into the UK to be sold to unsuspecting dog lovers, having been transported thousands of miles with little or no food, water or exercise.
I am concerned that there is widespread abuse of the pet travel scheme to smuggle animals illegally, often under age, unvaccinated and in poor welfare conditions.
Dogs, cats and ferrets can enter the United Kingdom in one of two ways: as non-commercial pet travel movements or as commercial imports.
More stringent requirements apply to commercial imports than to non-commercial movements.
Evidence has shown that commercial movements are frequently being described as non-commercial movements to avoid the more stringent requirements.
In 2023, more than 500 landings of dogs and cats were intercepted at the port of Dover and found to be non- compliant with import requirements.
Of these, 116 puppies and kittens were quarantined for being below the legally required minimum age for import.
That data does not include animals detained at airports or found inland.