It found that 3% of the cats obtained in the 12 months preceding the survey were from abroad, equating to 50,000 cats.
It is unclear what conditions those cats were subjected to during travel.
There have been significant changes in the cat market in the past five years, with a big rise in pure bred and pedigree cats.
Of the cats obtained in the past 12 months, 42% were pedigree and pure bred cats, compared with 17% five years ago.
It is likely that many of the imported cats are pedigree.
Having had a cat while I was living overseas, I know that cats are extremely stressed by transportation over long distances, which in turn can supress their immune systems so that their risk of infectious disease and other stress-related illness is markedly increased by importation.
Vet charities, such as the British Veterinary Association, have also raised directly with me the significant threat posed to biosecurity by the large number of smuggled puppies entering the UK.
Although it is not in scope of the Bill, I hope that raising the issue is a first step and that the Department will take forward those concerns.
Other charities, such as Battersea Dogs and Cats Home, FOUR PAWS and the Kennel Club, have all done invaluable work to campaign on the issue.
I thank them all today.
Moving on to the Bill and the measures that will be enacted through primary legislation, clause 4 will reduce the number of animals that can travel under non-commercial rules from five per person to five per vehicle, or three per foot or air passenger.
The charities would have preferred three animals per vehicle, as their research shows that over 97% of pet owners have three or fewer dogs.
However, the reduction is a significant and welcome step to tackle the illegal smuggling of pets.
The non-commercial rules are intended to make it easier for genuine pet owners to travel.
Unscrupulous traders  fraudulently claim ownership of several pets that they are actually importing for sale.
They do that because the requirements for owners travelling with pets are less stringent.
The Bill reduces the number of dogs, cats and ferrets that can be brought into Great Britain non-commercially.
Reducing that number is proportionate and takes into consideration other pets owned by the household that may also travel.
Article 5A in clause 4(5) ensures that when a non-commercial movement of a dog, cat or ferret is carried out by an authorised person, it may only take place within five days of the movement of the owner.
There is evidence that the ability for a pet to travel with an authorised person under the non-commercial rules is being used as a loophole to bring in animals that should be moved under the commercial import regime, and therefore subject to more stringent requirements for sale or transfer of ownership.
The new measures will ensure that pets are moved under the owner’s direct responsibility or, where the pet animal cannot be moved at the same time as the owner, under the responsibility of a person authorised by the owner and within five days of the movement of the owner.
An authorised person is one who has authorisation in writing from the owner to carry out the non-commercial movement of the pet animal on their behalf.
This will also ensure that only an owner of a pet can sign a declaration that  a movement is non-commercial.
This will stop non-commercial routes being used as a loophole by traders.
Movements that are not within five days will require the dog, cat or ferret to be brought in as a commercial import, rather than a non-commercial movement.
On the measures to be enacted through secondary legislation, the Bill contains an enabling power to make regulations on the bringing of dogs, cats or ferrets into the United Kingdom for the purpose of promoting their welfare.