The ban on cropped ears mutilations would have helped six-year-old Maisie, who came into RSPCA care in October 2023 due to welfare concerns.
She was incredibly malnourished and underweight.
She is a sweet and gentle girl who absolutely loves playing with a football, chasing tennis balls and eating sausages.
She arrived in RSPCA care with a docked tail and cropped ears.
She has a passport from overseas, so the RSPCA believes she was imported having already been cropped and docked.
Unfortunately, it is not just dogs that are mutilated.
Many kittens are subjected to declawing, an extremely painful and distressing procedure that prevents cats from exhibiting normal scratching behaviour, and is the equivalent of amputating a human fingertip at the first knuckle.
Although it is already illegal for cats to be declawed in the UK.
Cats Protection, the RSPCA and Battersea have been campaigning hard to ensure that cats with this mutilation are included in the Bill and banned from importation.
That is both to deter any market or interest in declawed cats, and to keep in line with ensuring that the highest standards of cat welfare are consistently maintained in the UK.
The PDSA “Animal Wellbeing Report 2022” states that
“alarmingly, 5% of cat owners who got their cat from abroad, equating to 31,000 cats, told us that they chose to get their pet from abroad because they wanted them to be declawed.”
Clause 1(2)(b) delivers relevant exemptions to the prohibitions, for example, for recognised assistance dogs or military or service working animals.
The enforcement measures and exemptions for the Bill will be delivered through secondary legislation.
As with the exemptions, delivering the enforcement measures through secondary legislation will enable us to work closely with enforcement bodies to develop guidance and ensure they have the correct tools to deliver these measures effectively.
I commend the hon.
Lady for bringing forward this Bill.
The legislation we pass in this place is only as effective as the enforcement that follows from it.
A 2014 Dogs Trust investigation found that two of the authorities involved in enforcing breaches of existing regulations in this area—the Animal and Plant Health Agency and trading standards—had no officers on active duty at ports of entry over weekends.
Does she agree that, as well as passing this welcome piece of legislation, we need assurances from the Minister about the resourcing and capacity of those agencies to ensure the Bill is properly enforced?
Although I agree that we need to ensure enforcement, as I said to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Dover (Mrs Elphicke) , I believe we have an opportunity today to highlight the need to educate people who are about to adopt a puppy or kitten.
They need to ask those questions.
If illegally imported animals are not adopted, the trade will dry up.
I agree with the hon.
Gentleman, but I also think we have an opportunity today to extend knowledge about the process of adopting —I have learned so much in developing this Bill.
The measures will be enacted through secondary legislation in order to refine the scope and detail of the policy and take on the views of the public and key stakeholders.
The Bill provides that the prohibitions must be enacted the first time the enabling power is used in relation to dogs and cats in Great Britain to show commitment to delivering these measures.
I have been assured by the Department, which I thank for its help in getting the Bill to this point, that it will lay secondary legislation as soon as possible following Royal Assent, and DEFRA officials are already working on developing it.
That will ensure that the Bill is future-proofed and that it responds dynamically to smuggling practices.
As is the nature of organised crime, the illegal pet trade is unpredictable and ever-changing.
These enabling powers will ensure the Government can tackle low-welfare imports dynamically.