] history of Saint Paul's College, remains accessible to future generations. HONONNG DR. RONALD VAUGHN AND HIS EXCEPTIONAL CAREER Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor the career and service of Dr. Ronald Vaughn, president of the University of Tampa. Throughout his 28 years of leadership with the University of Tampa, Dr. Vaughn has lifted students, faculty, the university, and the Tampa Bay community. He spearheaded a remarkable turnaround for the university and leaves UT ranked among the best medium-sized private universities in America. Dr. Vaughn's remarkable career, his lifelong commitment to education, and exceptional stewardship of the University of Tampa have propelled the school into being an academic powerhouse. During his tenure as president, the school's academic offerings and footprint grew into the dynamic, community-connected institution that we are proud of today. Dr. Vaughn embraced the history of the historic Tampa Bay Hotel, Plant Hall and the iconic minarets and infused the university with life and amenities for students including an expanded campus with 71 construction projects completed or underway and investments worth a total of $950 million. The University of Tampa now hosts students from all 50 states and from almost all 195 countries. Dr. Vaughn's leadership has been fundamental to achieving academic excellence with a unique entrepreneurial spirit. Dr. Vaughn's academic journey is a model for my others--a B.A and an MBA from Indiana State University, and a Doctor of Philosophy degree from the University of Georgia. Dr. Vaughn's comprehensive career as a business owner of a multi-office marketing research and consulting company provided him with the skills to lead the university into the established institution we know today. His journey with the University of Tampa started in August 1984 as the Coordinator of the Marketing Department and holder of the Max H. Hollingsworth Endowed Chair of American Enterprise. Dr. Vaughn subsequently served as Director of the MBA Program, Dean of the College