HONORING THE LIFE OF MS. KAREN HOSLER Mr. PHILLIPS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Karen Hosler, a distinguished Baltimore Sun correspondent whose beats included Congress and the White House. Karen died on February 1 of this year, and it is an understatement to say that Karen lived life to its absolute fullest during her 75 years on this earth. Unfortunately, I did not have the opportunity to meet Karen, but I wish that I had. Those that worked with and knew her said, ``Karen always brightened up a room with her cheerfulness, her wonderful laughter, her joy for life and her deep commitment to first-rate journalism done the right way . . . She loved reporting on politics, be it Annapolis city government, the governor and General Assembly or the White House and Congress. Ms. Hosler earned a bachelor's degree in journalism in 1970 from the University of Maryland, College Park, where she was on the staff of The Diamondback, the campus newspaper. After college, she got her start right here in Congress working as a press aide to U.S. Senator Charles Mathias and then began covering politics for The Bowie Blade and Prince George's News. She then joined the staff in the early 1970s of what was then known as The Evening Capital in Annapolis, where she covered government, including the General Assembly and Anne Arundel County elections. Those that knew her in the newsroom describe her as ``. . . sassy, brassy and bold . . . She had the perfect reporter's combination of skepticism of what the government officials she was covering was telling her and empathy for the people she covered . . . She asked the questions that got right to the heart of things.'' She then joined The Arundel Sun in 1977, and then went back to Annapolis, where she covered politics and state government. From 1980 to 1983, she was the paper's state political reporter and from 1983 to 1988 its Maryland correspondent. In 1988, she was named White House correspondent where she covered the administrations of Presidents Ronald W. Reagan, George H.W. Bush and Bill Clinton. In 2002, my colleague, Representative Steny Hoyer, included in the Congressional Record that Ms. Hosler was ``always a tough interrogator