Friend cares passionately about these issues, but no existing claimant will be put into poverty as a result of the changes in the Bill.
The figures that she is giving are about notional future claimants, and they take into account none of the record levels of employment support that we are putting into the system.
We have published very clear evidence that proper support programmes can get sick and disabled people into work and to stay in work, making sure that they can improve their incomes and their lives.
We have absolutely committed to co-producing the Timms review; indeed, we will be working very closely with disabled people on our reforms to access to work, and how we ensure that the pathways to work investment gets the best results for disabled people and their families.
That work will take time, but we will implement the decisions as soon as possible.
My constituent Steve had been a fit, active working person until about a year ago.
Since then, he has been debilitated by ME, which has left him able to get out of the house for only about an hour every fortnight.
Even getting dressed leaves him needing a lie down.
PIP is already difficult for people like Steve to access.
He told me that he would rather have lost both his legs than have got ME.
Could the Secretary of State tell Steve why, if he had got ME two to three years later, he almost certainly would not have been eligible for any PIP at all?
I am deeply concerned to hear about what the hon.
Lady’s constituent has been through.
I have many constituents myself who have real needs but  have struggled to get PIP.
We absolutely want to make sure that the whole assessment process works as effectively as possible.
I urge her and her constituents to feed into the Timms review.
Once again, existing claimants like her constituent will not lose their income as a result of the changes in the Bill.
It is very common throughout the benefits system to have existing claimants protected on old rules and old rates.
That is what we are doing today.
I welcome the words of the Secretary of State that recognise the need to enable disabled people to fulfil their potential.
Since April, I have engaged with the Government, making it clear that I could not support the proposals on PIP.
Our manifesto committed to championing the rights of disabled people and the principle of working with disabled people.
Having no public consultation on these plans excludes the voices of disabled people.
This is not just about process; this makes disabled people worse off.
The principle of fairness means that disabled people had a legitimate expectation to be consulted, in order to fulfil the public sector equality duty under section 149 of the Equality Act 2010.
Why did the Department for Work and Pensions choose not to consult with disabled people on the PIP proposals, and what work will it do to win back the trust of disabled people?
My hon.
Friend is a powerful voice, and I know she will always remain so in this House.
We are absolutely committed to co-producing this PIP review, led by the Minister for Social Security and Disability.
She may know that we are also setting up collaboration committees on access to work and pathways to make sure that we really get this right.
I look forward to meeting her and many other disabled people and their organisations to make sure that we get this right as we go forward.
To describe it as fair and equal to treat people with identical conditions differently purely on the basis of whether they are an existing recipient of benefits is Orwellian newspeak on stilts, isn’t it?
So why did the Conservative party do it for 14 years?
I thank the Secretary of State for her statement.