Having accepted the principle that sovereignty could be secured only by a negotiated settlement—that was the decision taken by the last Government—it is right that we secured a deal, and right that we protect the base for operations for more than 100 years.
The deal is good value for the UK taxpayer, because it secures the most valuable piece of military real estate on the planet, and keeps it under UK control for the next century and beyond.
What steps he is taking to increase security at military bases in the UK.
Following the disgraceful criminal vandalism that we saw at RAF Brize Norton, we immediately implemented a series of enhanced security measures at that air base and at other defence sites to ensure the safety of personnel, assets and operations.
The strategic defence review highlighted Brize Norton as being in need of investment after the hollowing out of our armed forces over the previous 14 years.
We have directed that a wider review be carried out at pace, to assess and ensure protective security at all defence sites.
Phase 1 of that review was completed this weekend, and I will make further, wider announcements in due course.
To what extent is the Ministry of Defence working with other Government agencies to ensure a joined-up response to emerging threats to military equipment and infrastructure?
Counter-terrorism police are still investigating the incident at RAF Brize Norton, and it is right that we allow them the space to complete that investigation.
The wider review looks at security at not just RAF Brize Norton, but all defence sites.
We are looking with colleagues across Government at what investment is needed, and at how we can work with others to secure the safety of sites to ensure that the UK maintains operational security for all its assets.
Almost by definition, RAF sites have to have very long perimeter fences, so it is understandable that they could be overcome at one point or another.
Why were they apparently not fitted with sensors, at least, so that any intrusion would have sounded the alarm?
I do not want to pre-empt the findings of all the reviews, but the right hon.
Gentleman is right that our air bases tend to cover a large area.
The perimeter fences we inherited on many of our air bases were not designed to keep everyone out with large things, but to be a perimeter defence.
In the ongoing security work, we are looking at how technological solutions and changes in guarding might contribute to enhanced security, given the increased threat that we face.
What assessment he has made of the adequacy of regulations on the use of autonomous weapons systems.
The strategic defence review sets out that the UK will harness new technology through dynamic networks of crewed, uncrewed and autonomous systems.
We will always comply with the relevant regulatory framework and international humanitarian law.
I can tell my hon.
Friend that IHL compliance is absolutely essential as we look to use more artificial intelligence enabled weapons systems in the future.
The strategic defence review rightly emphasises the importance of autonomous weapons systems in augmenting the UK’s defence capabilities, but it also notes:
“The UK’s competitors are unlikely to adhere to common ethical standards in developing and using”
those technologies.
What specific measures are the Government taking to help prevent and mitigate the potential harms of autonomous capabilities, both in the UK and abroad?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right: we maintain responsible AI systems in the face of adversaries perhaps using AI in malign ways.
The UK will adhere to our legal obligations and the values of the society that we serve.
Through the UN and other processes, we are actively engaging in international dialogue on responsible AI, lethal autonomy and related strategic challenges, but all our activities will be in compliance with international humanitarian law.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.