As the Member of Parliament for Torbay, I am concerned, as my Liberal Democrat colleagues are, about the disabled and long-term sick, their children, their families and carers.
There are some root causes.
Our broken NHS and social care system needs to be resolved so that support is there for those most in need.
Our Access to Work scheme is broken and needs resolving as a matter of urgency.
There are some real challenges, so I hope that the Secretary of State will give some genuine answers.
What consultation has she undertaken with carers?
What cost shunting for our care and social needs system has she identified in the proposals?
Finally, will she consider withdrawing these proposals so that there is adequate consultation and scrutiny to avoid any bystanders being hit?
I know that the hon.
Gentleman cares passionately about these issues.
He raises the urgent need to ensure that our NHS is back on its feet.
We are beginning to make a difference, with waiting lists down for the first time in two years and with 4 million appointments—more than double we promised—created in our first year.
The hon.
Gentleman talks about the failings of Access to Work.
I absolutely agree: that is why, as part of the Green Paper, we are looking to reform it so that it is available to more people in future.
We care passionately about family carers.
As I said in my statement, existing PIP claimants will be protected as a result of the changes announced today, as will those carers whose carer’s allowance is a passported benefit.
We are also looking at the future of social care with the review by Louise Casey.
We are bringing these changes forward because we do not think it acceptable that the UK has one of the widest disability employment gaps in western Europe, at 28%, which is much higher than Germany, France and Sweden.
We think that is unacceptable and we want to change it.
That is why we are making these reforms.
rose—
Order.
Can we try to speed up questions and answers?
No, it is not the Secretary of State’s fault; I am just thinking of the numbers.
Everybody wants to make a comment, and I understand why.
Johanna Baxter will give us a good example.
I welcome my right hon.
Friend’s statement, the additional £300 million for employment support and that the PIP review will be co-produced with disabled people and their representatives, but many of my constituents are relying on the Scottish Government for employment support and for getting waiting lists down to help them back into work.
Will she outline what discussions she is having with the Scottish Government to address those concerns?
Our new jobs and careers service applies in all parts of the UK—including Scotland—to help get more people back into work with personalised support.
The spending review has delivered an additional £9 billion for Scotland.
It is the biggest ever settlement in the history of devolution.
I hope that the SNP matches our ambition to get more people into good work instead of cutting the employability budget as it has done in recent years.
I think that the vast majority of people in this country believe in a welfare system that is compassionate to the vulnerable, and particularly to the disabled, but they can no longer understand why so many people here—in contrast to other similar countries—are in this situation where they are not working.
It’s because you were in power for 14 years.
Yes, we were in power for 14 years, and during covid, when I was a Minister, we made decisions such as stopping face-to-face assessments because we could not do them.
We all recognise that the recovery from that covid time has not gone as well as it should, but if the Secretary of State cannot deliver a shift in the numbers, the economy will be in a death spiral.