Gentleman has heard the response of the House.
We pay tribute to Mr Deach, and offer our deepest sympathies to his family, his friends and his comrades, and our thoughts will be with the hon.
Gentleman tomorrow as he bears that coffin into the crematorium or the church for Mr Deach’s final journey.
Will the Government raise with the F-35 joint program office or the joint executive steering board the human rights breaches and the possibility of suspending Israel’s access while maintaining supplies to other customers?
We always keep in mind our obligations under international law, and we obviously discuss matters that might pertain to it among the F-35 nations.
On Saturday, I had the pleasure of welcoming the Secretary of State to my home town of Cleethorpes, where we witnessed the national Armed Forces Day event.
Earlier, he referred to the volunteers who made this possible.
My constituent Alex Baxter, whom he met on Saturday, has masterminded the Armed Forces Day event in Cleethorpes for many years.
Will the Secretary of State join me in congratulating Alex and his team on a splendid event?
I had one of the best days in this job so far with the hon.
Gentleman and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Great Grimsby and Cleethorpes   (Melanie Onn)  in his home town of Cleethorpes—they were there together.
Behind the event was Alex Baxter, the absolutely formidable figure who organised the armed forces major events team that staged the Cleethorpes Armed Forces Day.
Some 300,000 people were expected over the weekend.
It was a great boost to our armed forces, to veterans and to the people of Cleethorpes.
Cadets are a wonderful source of social mobility in our country, and played a key role in last weekend’s Armed Forces Day celebrations.
I want to recognise my brilliant local air cadets: 12F Walthamstow and Leyton squadron, and 241 Wanstead and Woodford squadron.
Will the Minister set out the Government’s approach to increasing the size of cadet forces in communities like mine so that everyone can benefit from the opportunities that cadets have to offer?
I thank my hon.
Friend for all his support for cadet forces and the armed forces.
It would be remiss of me not to say that cadet forces provide an excellent social mobility platform for young children across the country by giving them hope, priorities and principles, and pushing them to be determined.
This Government have committed to raising the cadet force by 30%, and to giving more children across the country better opportunities.
It is a pleasure to be the president of Chorley cadets.
With permission, I will make a statement on the Government’s welfare reforms.
This Government believe in equality and social justice, and we are determined to build a fairer society in which everyone has the chance to fulfil their potential and achieve their ambitions, no matter where they were born or what their parents did.
We know, as all Labour Governments have known, that the only way of unlocking the potential of individuals, and of our country as a whole, is to collectively provide real opportunities and real support.
I am proud of the steps that this Government have already taken to deliver on our promise of a better future for all. [
Interruption.]
We are creating more good jobs in every part of the country, including through our modern industrial strategy and plans for clean energy.
We are—[Interruption.]
Order.
I say to those on the Opposition Front Bench that the statement has only just started.
You might not be interested, but I know my constituents are.
I expect the same courtesy when you speak.
We are investing in our vital transport infrastructure and in skills, and getting the NHS back on its feet.
Our landmark Employment Rights Bill will improve the quality of work, and our increases in the national minimum wage are helping make work pay.