Finally, while there has been widespread support for the extra investment that we are putting into employment support for sick and disabled people, I know that many Labour Members have been concerned that that is not enough.
I can today announce that we are putting an additional £300 million into employment support for sick and disabled people.
We will be delivering a total of £600 million for support next year, £800 million the year after and £1 billion in 2028-29, increasing our total spending on employment support for sick and disabled people to £3.8 billion over this Parliament, because disabled people who can work should not wait to have the same rights and chances to work as everybody else.
The measures that we are announcing today will cost around £2.5 billion in 2029-30, and the overall savings and costings of our reform package will be certified by the Office for Budget Responsibility in the normal way at the next fiscal event.
Welfare reform is never easy, but it is essential because there is no route to equality or social justice based on greater benefit spending alone.
The path to a fairer society, where everyone can thrive, where people who can work get the support they need and where we protect those who cannot work—that is the path we seek to build with our reforms.
Our plans are rooted in fairness for those who need support and for taxpayers.
They are about ensuring the welfare state survives, so that there is always a safety net for those who need it and that it lasts for generations to come.
Above all, our reforms are rooted in our fundamental belief that everyone can fulfil their potential and live their hopes and dreams if we provide them with the right help and support.
This is the better future that we seek to build for our constituents and our country.
I commend this statement to the House.
I thank the right hon.
Lady for advance sight of her statement.
This is a Government in chaos: open rebellion from their own Back Benchers, unfunded U-turns costing billions, and welfare plans that are not worth the paper they are written on.
Their latest idea is a two-tier welfare system to trap people in a lifetime on benefits and deny them the dignity of work, while leaving the taxpayer to pick up the ever-growing bill.
It is a long-held Conservative belief that those who can work, should work.
Work provides security and purpose.
That is why we launched universal credit, simplifying complex benefits and ensuring that work always paid.
And it works.
In the decade up to the pandemic, we got the number of people on benefits and the benefits bill itself down.
Some 800 jobs were created for every day that we were in office, giving millions of people the dignity and security that work brings.
But then, during the pandemic, we saw something new.
The health and disability bit of our benefits system started to break.
The bill is forecast to hit £100 billion by 2030.
One in every four pounds of income tax will be spent on health and disability benefits—more than the entire defence budget.
That is not fair for the taxpayer, not fair for people who are written off, and certainly not sustainable for the country.
Despite Labour having 14 years in opposition and now a year in government, they still do not have a plan to bring down the welfare bill or get people into work.
What we have before us now is a rushed and chaotic compromise that is not reform in any sense of the word.
It is woefully unambitious about savings, conspicuously lacking in compassion and achieves no meaningful change of a system we all know is broken.
Thanks to the Government’s latest climbdown, we are left with a plan that will save just £2.5 billion of a £100 billion bill by introducing a two-tier system.