The Government’s commitment to reach 5% on GDP on defence spending is the right decision.
As we face the once-in-a-generation threat from Russia, it is vital that we regenerate our armed forces after years of decline under the Conservatives.
However, we need more urgency.
The International Institute for Strategic Studies warns that if there is a ceasefire in Ukraine, Russia could
“pose a significant military challenge to NATO allies…as early as 2027.”
In order to strengthen our defence, we need to give people better incentives to join the armed forces.
Will the Minister consider accelerating recruitment by backing the Liberal Democrat proposal for a £10,000 signing bonus to attract new recruits?
We are accelerating recruitment.
We are dealing with the deep-seated and long-running failure in recruitment, because the previous Government, over  14 years, set and then failed to meet their own recruitment targets.
We are dealing with the recruitment and retention crisis in the armed forces.
I am proud to say that last year we gave the armed forces the biggest pay rise for over 20 years; that this year there will be another inflation-busting pay rise; and that we are starting to provide better pay, better kit, better housing and better support for forces families—the sorts of things that will keep those valuable and valued members of the armed forces serving our country and protecting us all.
What estimate he has made of the cost to his Department of the UK-Mauritius agreement concerning the Chagos archipelago, including Diego Garcia.
As the Defence Secretary has said, the cost of the agreement represents less than 0.2% of the annual MOD budget.
This has secured unrestricted access to and use of the base on Diego Garcia, control over movement of all persons and good on the base, and control of all communications and electronic systems.
It is a good deal.
I do not know that I agree with the Minister that this is a good deal, although I am curious about the £30 billion.
Does it count towards the new NATO target of 3.5%, or the additional 1.5% on top of that?
As we have to inform the Mauritian Government before we do anything particularly useful from that base, should that cost actually be counted in the defence numbers at all?
Let me squash the hon.
Gentleman’s last comment, which is wrong: we do not have to inform Mauritius before taking any military action.
Under the treaty, we have to provide notification after the event.
I have explained this 13 times in written answers to Members on the Conservative Front Bench, but I am afraid that they still do not get it.
That underlines why they could not do a deal after 11 rounds of negotiation, whereas this Government did it after two rounds, securing the future of that vital base for UK and US operations.
Is it not the case that our closest allies—the United States, Australia, Canada, New Zealand and even India—have all welcomed this deal, precisely because they recognise the irreplaceable role of Diego Garcia in global security?
What does the Minister think is going on with the Opposition, who think they know more about global security than the security services, the White House and the Pentagon?
This is important, because the future of Diego Garcia is absolutely vital.
Having accepted the principle that sovereignty could be secured only by a negotiated settlement—that was the decision taken by the last Government—it is right that we secured a deal, and right that we protect the base for operations for more than 100 years.
The deal is good value for the UK taxpayer, because it secures the most valuable piece of military real estate on the planet, and keeps it under UK control for the next century and beyond.
What steps he is taking to increase security at military bases in the UK.