The UK will adhere to our legal obligations and the values of the society that we serve.
Through the UN and other processes, we are actively engaging in international dialogue on responsible AI, lethal autonomy and related strategic challenges, but all our activities will be in compliance with international humanitarian law.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Last week, 32 NATO nations came together at the summit in The Hague, united in collective deterrence and in our collective defence of the Euro-Atlantic area.
I can report to the House that NATO is now bigger, stronger and more lethal than before.
We signed a new defence investment pledge of 5% of GDP by 2035, with new capability commitments from each nation.
It was a good day for NATO, a good day for British jobs, and a bad day for Putin.
Everyone at the summit agreed that Iran should never have nuclear weapons.
We all want the ceasefire between Israel and Iran to hold, and we will work to support it.
Finally, we also discussed it creating a new opportunity for a ceasefire in Gaza, which would be a vital step on the path to peace.
I am grateful to the Secretary of State for his response.
Now that the Prime Minister has made a cast-iron commitment to meet NATO’s 5% defence spending target, will the Secretary of State make a similarly welcome commitment to cross-party talks to establish a credible and durable path towards meeting that goal ahead of NATO’s 2029 capability review?
I welcome the Liberal Democrats’ support for the commitment we have made at NATO; the Leader of the Opposition was unable to offer that support at Prime Minister’s questions last week.
If the hon.
Gentleman has ideas about how we should fund that commitment in the next Parliament, I would be perfectly happy to hear them.
Nothing matters more than home, so I welcome the huge progress that has been made on  forces housing over the past 12 months, especially for forces families.
Does the Minister agree that the Opposition’s half-baked reprivatisation plan would be a huge threat to those in the armed forces and their families?
That is a really valid point.
The trouble is that the plan risks the deal we had with Annington.
It would outsource all the housing, and take control away from the Government, the Ministry of Defence and the military families who would be living in that housing.
Our housing strategy will come in after the summer, and it will be well thought through and delivered.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Does the Secretary of State support the action taken by the United States to bomb Iranian nuclear facilities?
As I said in my response to  the hon.
Member for Surrey Heath (Dr Pinkerton) , we are absolutely determined that Iran should never have a nuclear weapon.
We have been working with allies, on a diplomatic path.
Now that a ceasefire is in place, the mind of all NATO leaders, including President Trump, was on putting our weight behind that diplomatic path.
That is the way towards ensuring a sustainable and verifiable end to any nuclear programme.
It is extraordinary that a British Secretary of State for Defence is unable to give his explicit support to the military action of our closest ally, the United States.
Is the real reason why Labour cannot back US military action against Iran not the same as the reason why it will not U-turn on Chagos or on Northern Ireland veterans—that when it comes to choosing between legal theory and the national interest, this Prime Minister is a lawyer, not a leader?
Absolute rubbish!
The UK and the US are the very closest of defence, intelligence and national security partners.