I welcome the clarity that my right hon.
Friend has set out, particularly for existing PIP claimants and those with severe conditions, but my constituents who I met this weekend want to have an active part in designing the changes that affect them.
Can she confirm that my constituents will be able to feed their direct lived experience into the PIP review?
Yes; as I set out my statement, we intend to co-produce the Timms review with disabled people, the organisations that represent them, other experts  and MPs, so my hon.
Friend’s constituents will absolutely be able to feed their views into the review.
We want to strike the right balance here, because co-production takes time.
We want to do it as quickly as possible, but it has to be done as effectively as possible.
I look forward to working with my hon.
Friend and involving her constituents’ views.
I spoke to a resident—a friend—in my constituency over the weekend.
She is a wheelchair user since a failed back operation some years ago.
She currently gets PIP.
She gets three points for dressing and undressing and two points for washing and bathing.
She needs help with both, yet she fears, as do I, that anybody with her exact needs applying after next November will be left without help.
We are right, are we not, to be concerned and to fear that?
That is unjust and uncaring, isn’t it?
I repeat to the hon.
Gentleman that it is common through the benefit system to protect existing claimants from new rules and rates.
I also say to him that we are putting billions of pounds extra into the NHS so people can get the health and social care support they need.
We are putting in place the biggest-ever employment support investment for sick and disabled people because we know disabled people who are out of work are twice as likely to be in poverty.
That is the investment we are making.
His constituents will be protected and will not be put into poverty as a result of the changes in this Bill.
I thank the Secretary of State for her commitment to bring forward a stronger Bill, working with colleagues across the House.
The reality is that any one of us in this House could become disabled—disability does not discriminate.
It is important for us to recognise the network of informal care that keeps our social care system going.
The reality is that a number of carers would not be eligible for carer’s allowance without the PIP eligibility, and so many carers who receive carer’s allowance are in poverty.
Those people do not do it for the money; they do it because they want to help a loved one or family friend.
I know from personal experience, being a carer for my mum, the toll it takes when you help someone to bathe, to get out of bed, or to cook and clean.
These people do not do it for the money, but they are scared.
Can the Secretary of State confirm that we will protect those carers in any future PIP changes because it is right that those carers should not be pushed further into poverty?
My hon.
Friend is a huge champion of these issues, and I have long championed what unpaid family carers do.
As she says, many do not even think they are a carer; they are just a husband, wife, son, daughter, mum or dad looking after the person they love.
I want to reassure her, as I said in my statement, that existing PIP claimants and all those who get passported benefits, like carers, will be protected as a result of the changes we have made.
Indeed, I know my right hon.
Friend the Health Secretary wants to do far more to support family carers in future because without them, our NHS would collapse.