We are investing in new submarines, we are investing in the base in Faslane, we are investing in new nuclear reactors in Derby, and we are backing the people who keep our country safe with that guarantor of our security, the nuclear deterrent.
Since  14 June , an F-35B from the Prince of Wales carrier strike group has been stranded on the runway at the Thiruvananthapuram  civilian airport in India.
What steps are the Government taking to recover the plane, how much longer will that take, and how will the Government ensure the security of protected technologies on the jet while it is in the hangar and out of view?
We continue to work with our Indian friends who provided first-class support when the F-35B was unable to return to the Prince of Wales when on a flight mission, and I am certain that the security of the jet is in good hands because Royal Air Force crew are with it at all times.
Given that as many as 35,000 Ukrainian children are still missing and are probably being held in occupied territory or in Russia, will the Minister assure us that the Government are not only taking action to help injured soldiers in Ukraine back on to the frontline, but doing all that they can to support the reunion of Ukrainian children with their families?
We are proud to be investing in Operation Renovator, our contribution to helping injured Ukrainian soldiers to recover and return to the fight to guarantee the safety of their nation, and we will continue to support that operation and our Ukrainian friends for as long as it takes.
Infantry regiments cite difficulty in recruiting in their traditional communities and recruitment grounds.
Further to the exchange between the Secretary of State and  the hon.
Member for Epsom and Ewell (Helen Maguire) , may I ask what more can be done to encourage, specifically, young British men to join the Army?
Last year 165,000 young people tried to join the British Army.
We hired 9,500 of them, but 84% left because the process was too long.
We have a superb “attract feature”, but we need to be better at converting, and we are making progress in that regard, although there is more to be done.
I am happy to meet the right hon.
Gentleman if he has any ideas that might support that.
Sadly, we have all seen the devastation caused by modern missiles.
Germany is preparing to receive the Arrow 3 missile defence system, ordered just two years ago, which can intercept intercontinental missiles at 2,500 km.
What plans have the Government to equip this country similarly?
One of the recommendations in the strategic defence review was that we develop an integrated air and missile defence system in this country.
We must take our homeland security more seriously than we have in the past, and that is exactly what we will do.
During our last session of Defence questions, I asked the Secretary of State to join me in wishing a happy forthcoming birthday to Eastbourne’s last surviving war veteran, Eric Deach, who was shortly to turn 100.
Unfortunately, tomorrow I shall be a pallbearer at his funeral; he did not make it.
Will the Secretary of State, ahead of that funeral, join me in paying one final tribute to Eric for his service and everything he did to fight for our country?
Hear, hear.
It needs no words; the hon.
Gentleman has heard the response of the House.
We pay tribute to Mr Deach, and offer our deepest sympathies to his family, his friends and his comrades, and our thoughts will be with the hon.
Gentleman tomorrow as he bears that coffin into the crematorium or the church for Mr Deach’s final journey.