We are doing so—it was the Conservatives who switched them off.
To be honest, I am still no clearer about what the Conservatives’ policy actually is.
The hon.
Lady and the shadow Chancellor,  the right hon.
Member for Central Devon (Sir Mel Stride) , claim that they had a plan to cut £12 billion from the welfare bill in their manifesto, but the truth is that it was nothing but a vague idea about turning PIP into vouchers.
She talks about fit notes—I think the Conservatives tried to reform them about three or four times but completely failed, as have all their other efforts.
The one change the Conservatives did propose was to the work capability assessment, and their consultation was ruled illegal by the courts.
What is beyond doubt is the mess that they left our welfare state and country in.
Economic inactivity was rising; it is coming down under Labour.
Disability benefits were doubling, with the cost to taxpayers soaring.
We are putting in place real reforms based on our values—fair for those who need support and for taxpayers.
That is the leadership that this country deserves.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee on Work and Pensions.
I am grateful to my right hon.
Friend for her statement.
I absolutely agree that we must reform our social security system; under the previous Government, it neither supported nor protected disabled people.
I am also very supportive of the principles that the Government have set out.
May I query some of the points that the Secretary of State has raised, however, particularly about a new PIP assessment process under the PIP review that my right hon.
Friend the Minister for Social Security and Disability will be undertaking?
The Secretary of State said that the four-point requirement will not apply until November 2026, and that the review will report in November 2026, but surely the PIP review should determine the new process.
If this is being truly co-produced with disabled people and their organisations, the review should determine the new process, the new points and the new descriptors.
We should not predetermine it as four points now.
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question, and I look forward to giving evidence to the Select Committee about our overall proposals.
The Bill brings forward a four-point requirement for all new PIP claims after 2026; I have been very clear that that will apply  only to new claimants.
We are also committed to the wider review of PIP so that it is fit for the future.
That will include considering the assessment criteria, the activities, descriptors and associated points to ensure that they properly reflect the impact of disability in today’s world.
The review will conclude by autumn 2026, and we will then implement as quickly as possible any changes arising from it.
We have to get the right balance here.
I have been a long-standing champion of co-production, including when I was the shadow Minister for social care.
We have to do that properly, but the four-point minimum will be in place for new claimants as we look to make changes for the future.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
The Prime Minister and many Ministers have identified that the benefits system is broken and its cost is skyrocketing, but balancing the books on the backs of the poor is wrong-headed in the extreme.
The proposals today are a leap into the dark.
My Liberal Democrat colleagues and I are really concerned that they are rushed proposals.
Legislation that is rushed is often wrong, with unintended consequences.
As the Member of Parliament for Torbay, I am concerned, as my Liberal Democrat colleagues are, about the disabled and long-term sick, their children, their families and carers.
There are some root causes.
Our broken NHS and social care system needs to be resolved so that support is there for those most in need.