Is the real reason why Labour cannot back US military action against Iran not the same as the reason why it will not U-turn on Chagos or on Northern Ireland veterans—that when it comes to choosing between legal theory and the national interest, this Prime Minister is a lawyer, not a leader?
Absolute rubbish!
The UK and the US are the very closest of defence, intelligence and national security partners.
The US was strongly behind the deal we have done on Diego Garcia, because it knows that that deal secures the operational sovereignty there of the UK and the US for the next 100 years and beyond.
ITP Aero supports over 700 jobs in Hucknall in my constituency.
I recently went to visit the site with representatives from Unite to meet those highly skilled workers, who are essential not only in supporting our defence sector, but for protecting our national security.
What are this Government doing to ensure that work done under future contracts is completed in the UK, by UK workers?
I thank my hon.
Friend for highlighting the vital role of ITP Aero on some of our most important defence platforms, not least Typhoon and the A400M. The strategic defence review makes it clear that we will back British-based businesses where possible, and ITP Aero is already helping to show that defence is an engine for growth in her community.
In response to my written parliamentary question, the Minister for the Armed Forces said that the Ministry of Defence assesses support to foreign forces on
“a case-by-case basis.
UK training courses promote British values, including human rights…and…international humanitarian law.”
How does that response square with our continued support of Israel’s war crimes in Gaza?
Will dual nationals serving in the Israel Defence Forces be held accountable?
All actions of the UK Government are in compliance with international humanitarian law.
We want to see an immediate ceasefire in Gaza.
We have fewer than five personnel from Israel on non-combat academic courses currently, but we keep all our training under review.
Ministers will be aware of the recent launch of XV Excalibur in the south of England.
It is an autonomous submarine vehicle that is the future of naval capability.
What other investments are being made, under the strategic defence review, in autonomous vehicles, unmanned submarine technologies, and glider technologies?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that.
Excalibur will be an incredible autonomous asset.
The strategic defence review sets out that crewed, uncrewed and autonomous systems will be standard across our armed forces, and at the heart of the review is investment in the people who will be manufacturing and standing behind those systems.
That is why, when the defence investment plan comes out later this year, there will be more opportunities for small and medium-sized enterprises, primes and businesses right across the country to invest in our uncrewed and autonomous future in a hybrid military.
Last week, I asked the Chief Secretary to the Treasury what happened to the £4 billion earmarked for autonomous systems, including in Plymouth.
That line was in the Chancellor’s spending review speech, but not delivered on the day.
The Chief Secretary did not know.
Can the Secretary of State confirm that this funding exists, and will he accept an invitation to Turnchapel Wharf, where exciting marine autonomy is being developed?
I can confirm that the £4 billion is funded.
I can confirm that the investment in autonomous and drone technology in this Parliament is double what was planned before the election.
I can confirm that we will spend and invest that money it in this Parliament.
I always like coming to Plymouth; my hon.
Friend the Minister for the Armed Forces drags me down there frequently.
Last week’s historic NATO summit concluded with members laying the foundation for a stronger united NATO.