It’s because you were in power for 14 years.
Yes, we were in power for 14 years, and during covid, when I was a Minister, we made decisions such as stopping face-to-face assessments because we could not do them.
We all recognise that the recovery from that covid time has not gone as well as it should, but if the Secretary of State cannot deliver a shift in the numbers, the economy will be in a death spiral.
She needs to recognise that these changes need to be reset radically to meet the country’s expectations.
I absolutely believe that we have to reset the system.
We have to make sure that everybody who can work gets the opportunity to do so and the support they need.
That is precisely what we are trying to do with these plans.
I gently say to the right hon.
Gentleman, who I admire, that it is precisely that failure and that mess that we are now trying to tackle.
I thank the Secretary of State for the movement made in the last week.
It would have been good to have had those conversations earlier, but we are where we are.
In response to the Chair of the Work and Pensions Committee, my right hon.
Friend spoke about the November deadline and the four points kicking in.
Will she explain to the House the rationale for settling on those four points in one category prior to the Timms review?
Our objective here is as it always has been, and I am grateful to my hon.
Friend and others for all their engagement with us.
We are making these changes because we have to both get more people who can work into work and try to begin to focus this really important benefit on those with higher needs so that it is sustainable for the future.
That will not affect existing PIP claimants, who will have their incomes protected; that is a very positive change that we are making.
The Timms review will look at those descriptors and the points that are allocated as part of a much wider assessment, because we have to ensure that this benefit lasts for the future so that it is always there for those in greatest need.
The Secretary of State tells us that this week’s U-turn will cost £2,500 million a year by 2029.
Will she tell the House how she proposes to cover that expense?
This change will be fully funded, and that will be set out in the normal way at the next fiscal event, as I am sure all hon.
Members will appreciate.
I welcome progress, but I cannot countenance sick and disabled people being denied support to enable them to be independent in the future, and 150,000 people being pushed into deeper poverty.
Nor can disabled people across our country support these measures.
It is a matter of conscience.
Will the Secretary of State set out why we are voting on these matters tomorrow, when the Timms review means that there could be real changes to the criteria used in assessments for people to score four points?
It feels like signing a blank cheque.
I know my hon.
Friend cares passionately about these issues, but no existing claimant will be put into poverty as a result of the changes in the Bill.
The figures that she is giving are about notional future claimants, and they take into account none of the record levels of employment support that we are putting into the system.
We have published very clear evidence that proper support programmes can get sick and disabled people into work and to stay in work, making sure that they can improve their incomes and their lives.