We are now fixing that flawed and failed legislation, and we will do so in a way that honours our duty towards those veterans.
The Government could have appealed to the Supreme Court on this but deliberately did not.
I do not doubt the Secretary of State’s personal sincerity.
However, at Prime Minister’s questions on  15 January , the Prime Minister promised veterans:
“We are working on a draft remedial order and replacement legislation, and we will look at every conceivable way to prevent these types of cases from claiming damages—it is important that I say that on the record.
”—[Official Report,  15 January 2025 ; Vol.
760, c. 324.]
Why then, despite the PM’s solemn promise, is the order still unchanged?
Surely he is not expecting to order his own MPs, many of whom represent red wall seats from which those veterans were originally recruited, through the Aye Lobby just to do Gerry Adams a favour?
He is not going to do that, is he?
The Prime Minister was right then and he is right now.
I am working with the Northern Ireland Secretary to repeal and replace the legacy Act.
We will honour the Prime Minister’s undertaking to this House and do right by the duty that this nation holds to those veterans who served for more than 38 years during the troubles in Northern Ireland.
What steps he is taking to maintain the capability of the Red Arrows.
The strategic defence review recommended that the Hawk T1 and T2 be replaced with a cost-effective advanced jet trainer.
The future platform of the Royal Air Force aerobatic team is being considered at the same time, and a Royal Air Force programme team is being established to deliver that capability.
The TSR-2 aircraft was a world beater.
Unfortunately, the only thing that it could not beat in a dog fight was a Labour Government, who knew the cost of everything and the value of nothing.
Will the Minister assure me that we have learned the lessons of TSR-2, and that we will look at the replacement for the Hawk in the light of pressing a British-designed and manufactured aircraft that can sell Britain abroad?
The Conservative party set 2030 as the Hawk T1’s out-of-service date in its 2015 strategic defence and security review, and it then did precisely nothing to achieve a replacement in the nine years that followed, so I am disinclined to take lessons from the hon.
Gentleman’s  party on how to replace the Hawk.
I assure him that the competition will welcome any bids from UK-based suppliers.
What steps he is taking to ensure an “always on” approach to the shipbuilding supply line.
As outlined in the strategic defence review and in the UK’s modern industrial strategy, the Government are committed to supporting an “always on” shipbuilding industry by leveraging our buying power through public procurement and seeking to export our capabilities to friendly nations.
As the Minister says, the SDR spoke of the need for an “always on” supply of shipbuilding, with the Royal Navy continuing to move towards a more powerful but cheaper and simpler fleet.
The Minister has visited my constituency and seen the construction of the Type 31 frigates by Babcock at Rosyth, with the first ship, HMS Venturer, recently floated off.
Other ships of the initial five ordered by the Royal Navy are progressing well.
When can we expect to see announcements to guarantee the continued always-on supply of shipbuilding, and will she give an update on the need for more Type 31 frigates for the Royal Navy to reflect the flexibility of that platform, as well as the lower cost and faster production achieved by the incredible workforce at Rosyth in my constituency?
I recognise the benefit that the construction of Type 31 frigates has brought to Rosyth, and I have personally engaged with international partners to try to secure future orders.