Other ships of the initial five ordered by the Royal Navy are progressing well.
When can we expect to see announcements to guarantee the continued always-on supply of shipbuilding, and will she give an update on the need for more Type 31 frigates for the Royal Navy to reflect the flexibility of that platform, as well as the lower cost and faster production achieved by the incredible workforce at Rosyth in my constituency?
I recognise the benefit that the construction of Type 31 frigates has brought to Rosyth, and I have personally engaged with international partners to try to secure future orders.
In addition to any orders that we ourselves may have, exporting that type of capability to our allies and friends is a sensible way of ensuring that we can keep production going at Rosyth.
If he will make an assessment of the potential merits of holding cross-party talks on increasing defence spending to 3% of GDP by 2030.
At last week’s NATO summit all 32 nations signed up to a new defence investment pledge of 5% of GDP by 2035, including, for the first time, spending on national security, national resilience and homeland security.
That builds on this Government’s £5 billion boost to defence this year, the funded and costed plan to hit 2.5% of GDP in two years’ time, and our ambition to hit 3% in the next Parliament.
There is a great deal of experience across these Benches, and most of us recognise the imminence of the need to hit 3%.
My expertise is in force protection, and I know, among other things, that Brize Norton cannot draw support from the Military Provost Guard Service under the land top level budget, such as at nearby Dalton barracks and South Cerney.
That is more acute still at RAF Lossiemouth.
Will the  Minister meet me to discuss the command structure of the MPGS and bring our experience to the table to find that 3% of GDP imminently?
My hon.
Friend the Minister for the Armed Forces will be happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman —he would be a much better person to meet than me on this matter.
I call the Chair of the Defence Committee.
UK defence companies need certainty from the Government in order to invest and plan with confidence.
I welcome the Prime Minister’s recent efforts at the G7 and NATO summits, and his commitment to spend 5% of GDP on defence by 2035, including 1.5% on defence and security-related investment.
Can the Secretary of State clarify how exactly that 1.5% will be measured?
Will it involve new projects and investments, or will it merely be a reclassification of existing projects?
Crucially, how can industry, public bodies and other stakeholders contribute so that they can help to achieve that goal?
My hon.
Friend asks characteristically searching questions, so let me send him the NATO criteria that were published alongside the pledge last week, and let him and his Committee, when they interrogate me on Wednesday afternoon, pursue any further questions that they might have.
There are Members on the Government Front Bench who know a thing or two about leadership—I can say that with confidence, because the Prime Minister is not in that place.
The Government have a commanding majority and do not need the support of Members from any other Benches to hit 3% of GDP, and further, if only the leadership of the Labour party could get its own Members of Parliament through the Division Lobby.
Given that the Prime Minister shows no ability to do that with the changes to welfare, how will he ensure that 3% is spent on defence in a timely manner?
The Conservatives “hollowed out and underfunded” defence for 14 years—those are not my words, but those of the right hon.
Gentleman’s former Cabinet colleague, Ben Wallace.