Given that the Prime Minister shows no ability to do that with the changes to welfare, how will he ensure that 3% is spent on defence in a timely manner?
The Conservatives “hollowed out and underfunded” defence for 14 years—those are not my words, but those of the right hon.
Gentleman’s former Cabinet colleague, Ben Wallace.
This year there has been a £5 billion boost in defence spending, but in his Government’s first year, in 2010, there was a £2 billion cut in defence.
Just as we boosted defence spending this year, we will increase it to 2.5% by 2027, which is three years earlier than the right hon.
Gentleman argued for.
We have shown exactly how we will fund that.
We have taken the decision—which he did not take—to switch funding from overseas development aid into defence, and just as we have shown where the money is coming from in this Parliament, in the next Parliament we will do the same.
I, too, welcome the commitment to get to 5% of GDP on defence spending by 2035.
It is imperative that the increase in defence spending means that funding is getting to those on the cutting edge of defence innovation.
Cody technology park in Farnborough is already home to world-class defence innovation, with a wide range of small and  medium-sized enterprises working there, alongside QinetiQ, and it is where DragonFire has just been developed.
What role does the Minister see for existing places such as Cody, in delivering our defence industrial strategy?
Will she meet me to discuss whether Cody could be the home for the new defence SME hub?
I see a huge role.
I hope that my hon.
Friend took the commitment that the Chancellor and I made, alongside the spring statement, to set a new target for direct defence investment in SMEs, as a sign of that commitment.
While I am in the business of committing my ministerial colleagues to meetings, I know that my right hon.
Friend the Minister for Defence Procurement and Industry would be only too happy to meet her and to draw on her expertise as part of the development of our defence industrial strategy.
I call the shadow Minister.
On defence spending, is not the truth that Labour’s promise to reach 3% of GDP, let alone 3.5% or 5%, is just smoke and mirrors, because there is no actual plan to pay for it?
How can the Government claim that they will properly invest in our defence and keep the country safe when they cannot even deliver the limited savings they have promised on welfare?
So I ask the Secretary of State: where is the money coming from?
I welcome the hon.
Gentleman to the Dispatch Box and to the Conservative Front Bench team, alongside his two very distinguished colleagues,  the right hon.
Member for Rayleigh and Wickford (Mr Francois)  and  the hon.
Member for South Suffolk (James Cartlidge) .
I gently say to him that, since the election, his colleague the shadow Defence Secretary argued 13 times for 2.5% by 2030.
He only changed his tune after February, when the Prime Minister showed how it was going to be funded and said that we would do it three years earlier, in 2027.
We have shown how we will raise the extra funding for this record increase in investment in defence since the end of the cold war.
We have shown exactly how it is costed and exactly how it will be funded in this Parliament, and in the next Parliament we will do the same.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
The Government’s commitment to reach 5% on GDP on defence spending is the right decision.
As we face the once-in-a-generation threat from Russia, it is vital that we regenerate our armed forces after years of decline under the Conservatives.
However, we need more urgency.