To describe it as fair and equal to treat people with identical conditions differently purely on the basis of whether they are an existing recipient of benefits is Orwellian newspeak on stilts, isn’t it?
So why did the Conservative party do it for 14 years?
I thank the Secretary of State for her statement.
Will the Timms review have the powers to review the planned budget savings for future claimants of PIP and universal credit health components?
Also, if claimants request a reassessment because of worsening health conditions, will they be assessed on the current criteria or the new eligibility criteria?
The PIP review is not driven by an objective of making savings; it is about making sure that this vital benefit is fair and fit for the future.
As is the case now, people can request reassessments whenever they want.
Existing claimants will remain under the current rules, unless they request a reassessment, until November 2026.
From then onwards, there will be that four-point minimum.
If this is what Labour thinks people voted for and what people wanted when they voted in July last year, why was it not in the Labour manifesto?
Why did Labour not put in its manifesto that it was going to cut the winter fuel payment, keep the two-child cap and push 150,000 more disabled people into poverty?
Is it perhaps because the Secretary of State realised how deeply unpopular and wrong these changes would be?
I do not expect the hon.
Member to have read every line of our manifesto, but reforming the benefit system was in it.
So too was our commitment to tackling child poverty, and I am beyond proud that the Chancellor invested the resources we need to extend free school meals to all families on universal credit and lift 100,000 children out of poverty.
That is a down payment on our child poverty strategy this autumn.
I call the Chair of the Women and Equalities Committee.
We all agree that the welfare system needs reform but many of us in this place believe that changes to disability support should not take place without listening to disabled people’s voices and experiences.
Over the last few days, I have been hopeful that the Government have shown strength in listening and moving on what they have heard.
However, I have a question on sequencing.
What is the logic of making changes for future claimants before finishing the Timms review, which is now to be co-produced with disabled people?
Could this lead to not just two tiers but three: existing claimants; new claimants, who will lose out; and post Timms review claimants?
No, that is not correct.
As I set out in my statement, existing claimants on PIP will be protected.
The reason we are making the changes for future claimants is that we want to start to focus that, for future claimants, on those with higher needs.
For current claimants of both PIP and the universal credit health top-up, no one will be pushed into poverty as a result of the changes in the Bill.
Health and sickness benefit spending is set to hit £100 billion by the end of the Parliament, so why is the Secretary of State not bringing forward proper reforms rather than these rushed cuts imposed by the Chancellor that save only £2 billion, and that duck the difficult decisions to deal with the scale of the challenge that we face?
Perhaps the hon.
Member should make that point to those on his Front Bench, who had 14 years.
I welcome the clarity that my right hon.
Friend has set out, particularly for existing PIP claimants and those with severe conditions, but my constituents who I met this weekend want to have an active part in designing the changes that affect them.
Can she confirm that my constituents will be able to feed their direct lived experience into the PIP review?