I always like coming to Plymouth; my hon.
Friend the Minister for the Armed Forces drags me down there frequently.
Last week’s historic NATO summit concluded with members laying the foundation for a stronger united NATO.
With the changing nature of the threats we face, does the Secretary of State agree that working even more closely with our NATO allies is crucial to keeping the UK secure at home and stronger abroad?
I do indeed.
NATO is bigger, stronger and more lethal than ever before.
It is our guarantee that we will never fight alone.
That is why the leading contribution that Britain makes to NATO deterrence and defence is a big part of keeping us safe for the future.
Do the Government know if the US Government are still providing technical military intelligence support, such as electronic or imagery intelligence for Ukraine?
If that were cut off by President Trump, would the Americans effectively restrict our British military technical intelligence support to Ukraine?
The hon.
Member will understand that we cannot talk about sharing military intelligence on the Floor of the House, but as he and I have an interest in this, I would be happy to have a conversation with him.
North Staffordshire Tri Service and Veterans Support Centre does a wonderful job supporting veterans across Stoke-on-Trent, but all too often, it finds that the military covenant is not working for them.
In Stoke-on-Trent in particular, it seems to be failing.
What action are this Government taking to ensure that the covenant is worth the paper it is printed on in cities like mine?
I highlight that the Prime Minister has made an announcement about broadening responsibility for the covenant, and the duty of care that it will deliver, from three Government Departments to 14.
It will now be for other Departments to ensure that the duty is adhered to across all local councils.
Some 3,537 of my constituents in South Norfolk are veterans.
Being a veteran in a rural community is very different from being one in an urban community.
What action are the Government taking to ensure that my veterans have the support they need?
As I have mentioned several times today, the Valour programme will accommodate that.
It will not be a service that is a blueprint for everyone, but we will take the geographical differences into account and ensure that it is fit for purpose so that our veterans are given the deal that they deserve.
The strategic defence review, published this month, clearly states:
“The foundation of the UK’s approach to deterrence remains a minimum, credible, independent UK nuclear deterrent, assigned to the defence of NATO… The UK’s nuclear weapons are operationally independent.”
Somehow, in the last 29 days, the UK Government have decided that they no longer see their Trident nuclear missiles as a minimum credible deterrent.
Why was that major change in policy not announced in the SDR?
The Government have made it very clear that our support for our independent nuclear deterrent is solid and is not changing.
We are investing in new submarines, we are investing in the base in Faslane, we are investing in new nuclear reactors in Derby, and we are backing the people who keep our country safe with that guarantor of our security, the nuclear deterrent.
Since  14 June , an F-35B from the Prince of Wales carrier strike group has been stranded on the runway at the Thiruvananthapuram  civilian airport in India.
What steps are the Government taking to recover the plane, how much longer will that take, and how will the Government ensure the security of protected technologies on the jet while it is in the hangar and out of view?