I recently met a support group in my constituency of those who suffer from ME, chronic fatigue syndrome or long covid.
Their description of the devastating impact of those variable conditions was very affecting.
If one of those people were to have an improvement in their condition,  meaning that they were no longer eligible for PIP, and then to represent for assessment, would they be entitled to return to the PIP level they were on previously, or would they be treated as new applicants under the terms the Secretary of State has described today?
The hon.
Gentleman raises an important point, which is precisely what we want to look at in the PIP review, because it does not take into account fluctuating conditions.
That is an important issue moving forward, and we will be absolutely determined to involve him, his constituents, and organisations that represent those with fluctuating conditions in the process of the review.
Because PIP is not an in-work benefit.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps he is taking to improve housing for armed forces families.
What steps he is taking to improve housing for armed forces families.
With your indulgence, Mr Speaker, on behalf of those serving in our armed forces, I would like to thank you for the parliamentary flag-raising ceremony to mark the start of Armed Forces Week last Monday.
I thank hon.
Members across the House for the support that they gave to more than 200 local Armed Forces Day events over the weekend.
On housing, we are a Government who are delivering for defence.
In January, we bought back 36,000 military homes into public ownership.
In April, we launched a consumer charter to deliver basic housing rights and standards.
In May, we announced an additional £1.5 billion for forces family homes—part of £7 billion that we will invest in military accommodation in the next five years.
I meet servicemen, servicewomen and veterans in my constituency at events such as Remembrance Day and the recent VE commemorations.
We all know the challenges that servicemen and women have had with housing and its quality in recent years.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that it is this Labour Government who are finally making them proud?
Indeed.
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for his strong working links with veterans in Watford.
He is right: as he will recognise, my hon.
Friend the Minister for Veterans and People recently launched Operation Valour, the first ever UK-wide approach to veteran support, with £50 million of funding to establish a new network of Valour-recognised support centres right across the country.
This Saturday, hundreds will join to mark Falkirk Armed Forces Day in Callendar Park, belatedly.
Many of those who are currently serving and veterans in Scotland rely on the activities of charitable organisations such as the Ancre Somme Association, which is hosting the event, and Veterans Housing Scotland, which provides affordable housing for those who have served.
Do the Government have any plans to supplement the essential and welcome £1.5 billion additional investment for service housing with additional support for registered charitable organisations that are working tirelessly to safely house veterans?
We do indeed, and we are putting in extra funds and greater support to deal with the problem of homeless veterans.
I am happy to thank and pay tribute to the Ancre Somme Association for its part in a successful Armed Forces Day parade and celebration in Falkirk.
I pay tribute to all the volunteers right across the country who made our local Armed Forces Day events possible.
We pay tribute to the regulars, the reservists, the veterans, the cadets and the armed forces families, but it is the volunteers who help us make these events happen.
With basing becoming longer-term and more predictable, and with most young people wanting to buy rather than  rent their home, what assessment has the Secretary of State made of the success of Forces Help to Buy?