I pay tribute to all the volunteers right across the country who made our local Armed Forces Day events possible.
We pay tribute to the regulars, the reservists, the veterans, the cadets and the armed forces families, but it is the volunteers who help us make these events happen.
With basing becoming longer-term and more predictable, and with most young people wanting to buy rather than  rent their home, what assessment has the Secretary of State made of the success of Forces Help to Buy?
What plans does he have to extend it?
Unfortunately, Forces Help to Buy really has not kept pace either with demand or with the success of civilian programmes.
It is part of the forces housing review that I have launched, which I expect to report in the autumn.
The right hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right that the aspirations of those who serve and who join the services are exactly the same as for every other working person in this country.
We should try to make that part of the contract that this nation makes with those who will serve in future.
Housing is not the only issue affecting armed forces families.
When a member of the forces moves, their family often move with them.
My work experience student Amy, who is in the Gallery today, is from an armed forces family and attended three primary schools.
One school provided dedicated support, whereas others had less understanding of the issues that children whose parents are in the forces may face.
Will the Secretary of State work with the Secretary of State for Education to ensure that armed forces children receive consistent support at every school that they attend?
We will indeed.
Amy’s experience is typical for many children of forces families: regularly moving as their parents answer the call and are deployed in different areas.
We can do better by them.
I am in conversation with my right hon.
Friend the Education Secretary about how we can do better by our forces families and forces children, but also about how we can do better for the cadets and the opportunities that they offer to all young people.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I welcome the recent announcement of funding to improve military housing, but our fantastic service personnel deserve more than short-term fixes.
This year’s armed forces continuous attitudes survey showed that one in five personnel plan to leave, and over a quarter of them cited the standard of accommodation as a reason.
That should be a wake-up call.
Will the Government commit to going further and show a real commitment to retention by finally U-turning on their decision to block Liberal Democrat proposals to bring all military housing under the decent homes standard?
No one could describe the decision to buy back 36,000 military family homes from private hands as a short-term fix, nobody could describe the consumer charter setting out basic housing rights and standards as a short-term fix, and no one could describe the housing strategy review we have got going as a short-term fix.
The decent homes standard is one standard; I think we can be doing better by our armed forces families.
What steps he is taking to support veterans in Hertfordshire.
What steps he is taking to support veterans.
What steps he is taking to ensure that veterans receive adequate support after leaving the armed forces.
First, I would like to recognise Mr Roy Briggs, a world war two veteran who recently passed.
Those of us on both sides of the House salute our greatest generation.
As the Secretary of State said, we recently announced Op Valour, the veterans’ support system, which is underpinned by £50 million over three years, and I launched the north-west England pilot last week.
This is an institutionally resilient system—it is not a sticking plaster—that will reform the system at the local, the regional and the national level.