Those of us on both sides of the House salute our greatest generation.
As the Secretary of State said, we recently announced Op Valour, the veterans’ support system, which is underpinned by £50 million over three years, and I launched the north-west England pilot last week.
This is an institutionally resilient system—it is not a sticking plaster—that will reform the system at the local, the regional and the national level.
When we combine that with the covenant broadening from three Government Departments to 14 just on Saturday, that is a significant increase to both veterans’ and armed forces community support.
I thank the Minister for his answer and for his kind words about Roy Briggs.
His family and I are also grateful for letter that he wrote to them.
I had the privilege of attending his funeral last week.
He was a real servant to our country, having flown in many brave missions over Europe.
He was part of one of the RAF’s first ever humanitarian missions when dropping essential food over the Netherlands and he also flew many missions in RAF bombers.
I know that the Government are doing various things to try to support veterans.
Could the Minister outline the further steps that the Government can take to support organisations that support veterans such as the Royal British Legion as well as smaller organisations such as the Hemel armed forces and veterans breakfast club?
The armed forces covenant trust fund is one of the mechanisms we use to support the charitable sector, but we must also step back and look holistically at the fact that there are 1,730 armed forces charities in the UK.
Op Valour will help to synthesise that, get more bang for buck and ensure that veterans get the right support where and when they need it.
A local charity in my area supporting women veterans was recently working with a woman who was rehomed in general purpose supported accommodation for veterans in Scotland.
The accommodation was entirely unsuitable for her as a survivor of sexual violence and led to her being subjected to a further sexual assault by a man who was also housed there.
Will the Minister assure me of his work to ensure appropriate support for women veterans?
Just last week, I visited several different organisations, one of which was Launchpad in Liverpool, which showed some examples of supported housing for veterans.
It is not lost on me that female veterans have different requirements, and we need to do more to support them.
We will ensure that that is catered for by having a women’s section as part of our veterans’ strategy.
I welcome the Government’s investment in supporting veterans, but as my hon.
Friend  the Member for Glastonbury and Somerton (Sarah Dyke)  mentioned recently in the House, female veterans are about 10% less likely to be employed after service than male veterans.
What specific steps are the Government taking to address that imbalance?
I thank the hon.
Member for that really important question.
There are two pieces that I would highlight.
The first is the armed forces career transition partnership, which helps individuals during the two years prior to their leaving the service, and for two years after, to find jobs.
The second is Operation Ascend, which looks to partner career opportunities and businesses—of which we have engaged with over 400—with any veteran or individual leaving the armed forces, which has engaged with 3,000 individuals.
Part of our veterans strategy will include that from a women’s perspective.
We are doing everything we can, and over 86% of veterans who seek help go straight into employment within the first six months.
There are 3,566 veterans in my constituency, of which 28% are disabled.
Many are concerned about the future support available to them.
Can the Minister assure disabled veterans, not just in South Northamptonshire but across the country, what the Department will do, and that it will not forget them?