It is why officials and Ministers are taking the process really seriously.
Derbyshire Victim Services does really important work supporting victims, including those who have experienced sexual assault and domestic violence, but given the court backlog inherited from the Conservative Government, the service has told me that many of the victims are in need of support for longer, with many having complex needs that public services can struggle to meet.
What steps is the Department taking to help support services to provide support to victims with complex needs that are exacerbated when justice is delayed?
I place on record my thanks to all the brilliant victim support services that do tremendous work in incredibly difficult circumstances to ensure that victims get the support they need to stay engaged with the criminal justice system.
We have protected dedicated Ministry of Justice spending on victims of violence against women and girls by maintaining the 2024-25 funding levels, ringfenced sexual violence and domestic abuse support for this year, and commissioned a 24/7 rape and sexual abuse support line, providing victims and survivors with access to vital help and information whenever they need it.
We are carefully considering how best to allocate the current budget from the spending review to look specifically at VAWG alongside other departmental priorities.
My  constituent Andy from Offerton often plays a caring role for his adult son, as his son has serious mental ill health.
During his son’s recent stay in prison, Andy struggled to get quality information from the prison about his son’s health situation and living conditions.
What more will the Government do to ensure that parent carers such as Andy get the information they need and deserve during a child’s stay in prison?
The hon.
Lady is right: it is important that parent carers get the information they need that helps with rehabilitation and getting things to the right place.
If she wants to write to me about that particular case, I will look into it and write back to her.
Survive is a York-based charity providing specialist services and trauma-specific interventions to survivors of sexual violence and abuse.
However, it has had to close its waiting list because it does not have the capacity to meet the demand.
Will the Minister look at providing additional funding, so that we can get those vital services to survivors and victims now and they do not have to wait?
My hon.
Friend has contacted me and written to me on this issue.
She will know that we in the Department are looking at the spending allocations following the spending review.
However, we have protected and ringfenced special support for sexual violence victims, because we know that there is huge demand coming through the system and we need to keep those victims engaged in the criminal justice system to ensure they get their day in court and justice is served.
I read a recent BBC article about an asylum seeker who had violently raped a teenage girl.
He has been convicted and given a sentence of nine years in  prison, followed by three years on licence, after which he will need to be deported.
I am concerned that such individuals, during their period on licence, pose a risk to British women and girls.
Does the Lord Chancellor agree, and will she ensure that people go straight from prison to deportation where appropriate?
I thank the hon.
Lady for raising that important point.
It is why we are reducing the threshold for the early removal scheme and looking carefully with the Home Office at the Gauke review’s recommendation of effectively sentencing to deportation, to deal with the very types of cases that she has raised.
I welcome the Government’s efforts to reform sentencing following the sentencing review.
I am confident that those steps will end the chaos left behind by the previous Government.
I am particularly interested in rehabilitation as a priority in sentencing.