We will recruit another 1,300 more probation officers in 2025-26.
An effective Probation Service is crucial for the rehabilitation and resettlement of prisoners to reduce reoffending.
Although I welcome the number of new probation officers to be recruited, Napo reports that probation workloads are unmanageable, staff turnover and sickness are high, and probation officers are often managing cases belonging to colleagues, when evidence suggests that prisoners on licence are less likely to be recalled if they have had the same supervising officer from the day of their release.
Can the Minister please outline the steps being taken to address these issues, so that morale is improved and probation officers have sufficient time for and attention to give to individual cases?
My hon.
Friend is right that we need to ensure that prison officers have the time to do the job they came in to do, which is to spend time with offenders and turn their lives around.
In addition, we have invested an initial £8 million in technology and launched a new programme to develop a sustainable work process that will allow probation staff to focus on the work they joined the service to deliver.
I thank the Minister very much for that answer.
I had the opportunity a few months ago to visit the probation office in Newtownards to get an idea of what it does.
I was very impressed, first, by the quality of the staff; secondly, by the fact that they are involved in restorative justice issues relating to perpetrators and victims; and, thirdly, by the importance they give to ensuring that young people have opportunities.
Can the Minister tell us, from his discussions with the Probation Board for Northern Ireland, what has been done to ensure that what happens here also happens back home and that what happens back home also happens here?
I thank the hon.
Member for his question.
As he knows, we have regular discussions in the five nations group to ensure that good practice is shared, issues are addressed together and we learn from each other.
What steps she is taking to improve prison security.
This year, we are investing over £40 million in physical security across 34 prisons, which includes anti-drone measures to prevent drugs and other illicit items from entering prisons.
Starting this month, we will trial the use of tasers by specialist staff, and we are increasing tactical staffing resource to strengthen prison security.
There has been a spate of attacks at Swinfen Hall Prison, which holds young offenders, in my constituency.
Drugs, phones and weapons are often dropped in by drone.
The families of prisoners are concerned for their safety, and prison officers are at risk.
What steps are the Government taking to prevent drones and to tackle the high levels of violence in our prisons?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question.
Under the last Government, between 2019 and 2023, drone sightings around prisons increased by over 770%.
As I have said, we are investing £40 million in bolstering security measures in our prisons, and we are currently trialling new anti-drone netting on the long-term, high-security estate to tackle drone incursions.
Prison staff are facing record levels of violence and working in such a toxic environment that, according to the Rademaker review, workers are too afraid to raise complaints about bullying and harassment.
Does the Lord Chancellor therefore welcome today’s relaunch of the updated “Safe Inside” prisons charter by the Joint Unions in Prisons Alliance, a coalition of 10 trade unions representing the vast majority of prison staff?
If so, will she join us this evening to hear more about safer systems of working in prisons?
I believe the Prisons Minister may well be attending the event that the right hon.
Member mentioned.
I will happily pick that up in my regular conversations with trade union officials.
She is right to highlight the scale of violence across our prison system.