The previous Parliament carefully scrutinised the referral power and the offences that should be in scope.
I am very happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman on this matter.
With the case of one of the killers of James Bulger, Jon Venables, coming to the Parole Board again, the need for the voices of victims’ families to be heard in the justice system is coming right to the fore.
My constituent Sue, who is in the Gallery today, is being supported by the James Bulger foundation.
Her son died needlessly; he was not supported by the people with him, who could have offered him aid and got him medical help.
Will the Minister meet me and Sue to hear the tragic details of this case and discuss the options for changing the law to ensure that victims’ families are properly represented in the justice system?
My hon.
Friend draws attention to another horrific case.
I think the best way of proceeding is to take up his offer of a meeting.
If she will make an assessment of the potential impact of deporting all foreign criminals on prison capacity.
Removals under this Government have been higher over the past 12 months than under the Conservatives.
We are going further by expanding the early removal scheme so that prisoners with no right to be in this country will be deported and banned from ever returning to the UK after serving 30% of their custodial sentence.
UK prisons are at full capacity and 12% of prison places are occupied by foreign nationals.
Will the Secretary of State look to deport all foreign nationals who commit offences in our country to free up that space?
As I say, we have already deported more people in the first year of this Government than was the case under the previous Government, so we are going faster on foreign national offender removals from our prison estate.
The legal changes we are making will bring more offenders into scope earlier in their sentence, making them eligible for deportation.
Will the Lord Chancellor update the House on the conversation she had with international partners on the European convention on human rights during her recent visit to the Council of Europe in Strasbourg?
I had very positive discussions with partner countries across Europe when I visited Strasbourg, where I made a speech about how the European convention on human rights is a living instrument and therefore must keep up with the times.
That is a positive conversation, and one that this Government will be continuing in the coming months.
What steps she is taking to improve the quality of prison education.
Ensuring that prisoners have access to education is essential for rehabilitation in order to ensure that prison produces better citizens, not better criminals.
New prison education service contracts will be launched later this year, which aim to strengthen the quality of delivery and provide consistent assessment of prisoners.
Last week, I held a roundtable bringing together experts to drive improvement and strengthen current education provision in young offenders institutions.
I thank my hon.
Friend for his response.
However, 82% of prisons and young offenders institutions have been rated as “requires improvement” or “inadequate” by Ofsted on education, skills and work provision.
Despite that, the prison education service still outsources the same poorly performing contracts to poorly performing providers, and prison educators are paid less than educators in further education settings, causing a crisis in recruitment and retention, according to the Education Committee.
When we will see the greatest insourcing in a generation, and will the Minister consider insourcing prison education with proper pay, terms and conditions for prison educators?
All options are on the table.
His Majesty’s Prison and Probation Service introduced a head of education, skills and work into every prison to ensure that, across the estate, a senior member of prison staff is responsible for improving the quality of education provision.
My hon.