We have given the NHS significant financial support and made a very fair pay offer.
We very much value the work that doctors do.
We hope that everyone in the NHS realises that we are a Government who support the NHS and want to work with the staff, and that industrial action will contribute nothing to that goal.
The shadow Minister referred to biological security.
We are making important investments into that, including the opening of the new Weybridge lab announced by my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs a couple of weeks ago.
Exercise Pegasus has not happened yet; it will happen in the autumn.
However, the shadow Minister is right on one thing: it is important not to fight the last war and assume that the next pandemic will behave in the same way as the last one.
We have to be flexible in our response and ensure that we plan for different kinds of scenarios.
I welcome this statement.
The point about Exercise Pegasus reminds me of Exercise Cygnus, the findings of which, I am saddened to say, the previous Government ignored in advance of what then became the pandemic we faced.
In recent weeks we have seen attacks on Marks & Spencer, the Co-op and others, and the fire at Heathrow, so this action plan is incredibly welcome.
It states that the Government will develop a
“consolidated, data-driven picture of our resilience baseline”
to show how resilient the UK is at any moment, and a new cyber-resilience index that highlights the critical national infrastructure at greatest risk.
Will my right hon.
Friend give the Joint Committee on National Security Strategy, which I chair, access to those indices, and may I suggest that we help him in developing them?
I am grateful to the Chair of the Joint Committee on National Security Strategy for his questions.
The National Cyber Security Centre has been working closely with Marks & Spencer and the other victims of recent cyber-attacks.
I look forward to appearing before his Committee in a few days and working closely with it in the future.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I thank the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster for advance sight of the statement.
The world is now less stable and more insecure than at any time since the cold war.
Consequently, the Government must ensure that the British people and the United Kingdom are prepared in the event that our country or an overseas territory is threatened.
The Liberal Democrats therefore welcome any measures to strengthen our resilience, especially to the cyber-security threat—a new and evolving threat against which we must be armed.
While the Liberal Democrats welcome the alert test, we call for a wider public information campaign to support resilience building across the UK, and to ensure that the public are properly ready for any potential future conflict or disaster.
Perhaps we could take lessons from our Scandinavian neighbours, who are always working to address future threats and providing information to their citizens.
Information should be provided through a number of different means, including leaflets and traditional broadcast.
While we welcome the alert test, websites and text alerts will miss millions of British people—those without phones, or without signal or battery—so we need to be ready on all fronts, and not just rely on single text alerts.
Will the Government accept the Liberal Democrats’ call to launch a national awareness campaign that draws on different modes of contact?
I welcome the talk about being more resilient to climate emergencies.
We have all seen the horrifying pictures and upsetting stories from the floods in Texas  in recent days, and in this country, we have had one of the hottest starts to a summer in UK history; it is vital that the Government are not caught unawares as the temperature rises.