Bill read the Third time and passed, without amendment.
Second Reading opposed and deferred until  Monday 14 July  at Seven o’clock ( Standing Order No.
20 ).
Before we begin, I would like to take a moment to remember Lord Tebbit, the former right hon.
Member for Chingford, who died yesterday.
He was one of the giants of the Thatcher era, before his political career was cut short by the attack on the Grand hotel in Brighton.
The thoughts of the whole House are with his family and friends.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps her Department is taking to reduce the Crown court backlog.
What steps her Department is taking to reduce the Crown court backlog.
What steps her Department is taking to reduce the Crown court backlog.
The Government inherited a record and rising courts backlog.
We are investing more than the Conservatives ever did, and funding a record allocation of Crown court sitting days—110,000 days this year, which is 4,000 more than during the last Government—but we must reform, too.
Sir Brian Leveson will soon present his recommendations for delivering once-in-a-generation reform and swifter justice for victims.
In Essex, 20% of cases are stopped after a defendant has been charged because victims are dropping out and withdrawing their support.
With some waiting years for their case to get through the courts, is it any wonder that they give up on justice?
Does the Secretary of State agree that we need radical action now to stop the backlog from getting any bigger in places like my constituency of Harlow?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Victims on many occasions feel retraumatised by the criminal justice system because of the long delays.
Defendants know that cases are taking too long to be heard; too many of them think that they can game the system, and that if they wait long enough, victims will drop out.
That is why we are determined to deliver swifter justice for victims.
It is why we have delivered a record number of sitting days in the Crown court this year, and it is why we will do once-in-a-generation reform of our courts after Sir Brian publishes his review.
Thanks to the massive court delays inherited from the Conservatives, as the Secretary of State said, residents in Dartford continue to face huge delays in getting cases involving them to court.
What assurance can she give that the delays will reduce, and that for my constituents, it will not continue to be a case of “justice delayed is justice denied”?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that the old adage, “justice delayed is justice denied”, has come true.
We know that we need bold reform.
We have to get the backlog down, and we have to deal with the rising and record demand coming into the system as well.
That is why we have made a record allocation of Crown court sitting days, but we also need bold, once-in-a-generation reforms.
His constituents and the country deserve nothing less.
The people of Newcastle-under-Lyme want thugs and criminals to be held to account and to feel the full force of the law, and victims of crime to get the justice they deserve.
In the west midlands—my home region and the Lord Chancellor’s—the Crown court backlog has increased by over 3,000 cases since 2016.
It is clear that we need an overhaul of the system, and to speed up justice.
Will the Lord Chancellor tell us two things?
When does she expect the Leveson report to be published, and what may it mean for the future of jury trials?
The publication of Sir Brian Leveson’s review is due very soon.
My hon.
Friend will understand why I cannot give any the exact date, but once Sir Brian has published his findings, the Government will consider them in due course, and we will come to the House first with our full response.