We continue to support local resilience forums in England because they are essential in planning for, and responding to, incidents whenever they occur.
Our biological security strategy includes £15 million from the integrated security fund to help address capability gaps across Government and beyond.
That is in addition to the £1 billion of investment that we unveiled a fortnight ago for a new network of national biosecurity centres to strengthen our defences against biological incidents, accidents and attacks.
The defence and security accelerator also includes £1 million for projects with universities such as Queens University Belfast and Cardiff University.
My colleague the Health Secretary will publish a pandemic preparedness framework explaining how the Government are bringing together the vital scientific research needed to prepare for any future pandemic.
I am also able to announce that soon the National Situation Centre and the devolved Governments will sign a memorandum of understanding to ensure that every part of the UK has the best data to prepare and respond to crises.
Those practical steps will help the UK to meet the moment when an emergency comes.
Resilience is not a button to press; it comes from the realisation that we  need deep strength and the ability to scale up quickly when the situation requires it.
That is why the Government’s investment plans, announced in the recent spending review, and the actions outlined in this plan are so important.
We will not be resilient unless we invest for the future—a stronger NHS, more and better housing, better energy security, utilising our deep research and development base—and, on top of that, have the capabilities to get going fast in an emergency.
That is what this plan sets out.
I commend it to the House.
I thank the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster for advance sight of his statement and the associated documentation.
I also thank him for the date on which the UK emergency alert will be tested—he can only have chosen it to notify the country that it is my birthday.
I shall very much look forward to the alarm at 3 pm.
I understand why the Government want to plan for resilience.
It is understandable that the Government would want to come forward with a plan, faced with the collapsing economy, a collapsing Government, capital flight, spiralling borrowing costs and the Office for Budget Responsibility’s warning this morning that the Chancellor’s latest U-turns have left Britain more vulnerable and less able to respond to future crises.
As the Minister said, the plan published today builds on the work of the previous Government on the roll-out of the national emergency alert system, the expansion of biosecurity preparedness, investment in flood protection and ensuring better cross-departmental collaboration on resilience and emergency preparedness.
The Minister said in his statement that he was looking for an assessment “on a continuous basis”.
The report sets out the intention for data collection in this area, but it would be useful to hear by when that new data framework will be available for us to scrutinise.
He said that he wished to enable
“the whole of society to take action”,
but I rather wonder how he intends the whole of society to find out about this.
The plan calls on the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government to provide guidance on developing cohesion strategies and to monitor tensions.
However, that does not sit easily with the fact that the Government are not currently tackling Islamist extremism properly, that they dragged their feet on a national inquiry into grooming gangs, and that they seem to be bringing forward a highly controversial definition of Islamophobia.
The Minister referred to
“improving core public sector resilience”.
That is certainly to be welcomed, particularly on a day on which it has been announced that resident doctors have voted in favour of strikes, which will result in industrial action in January.