Furthermore, can we look at intensifying our efforts to prevent domestic violence against women and young girls and at increasing sentences to deter that type of crime?
I thank the hon.
Member for raising this case, which will have hit all of us incredibly hard.
It is horrific and just goes to show that violence against women and girls is at epidemic levels in every corner of the United Kingdom, not just in England and Wales.
I am due to meet my counterparts across the devolved nations shortly to figure out exactly how we can best join up to tackle this issue as a whole, because it will take a societal response.
If the hon.
Member wants to meet me to discuss this further, I would be happy to do so.
The Minister will be aware that the recent pathfinder family court pilots have been seen as largely successful.
This is an opportunity to put children at the centre of these cases and to end the presumption of contact which puts partners and children of abusers at risk.
Will she please advise me as to the next steps in this process?
I welcome my hon.
Friend’s question and I am grateful to him for raising the pathfinder court.
These pilots are proving incredibly successful.
They front-load a lot of the evidence gathering, they put the safety of children and family arrangements right at their heart, and they are proving a really successful   model, which is why we plan to roll them out further.
As part of that, as he has heard, we will be publishing our response to the presumption review very shortly.
The backlog of cases in the Isle of Wight coroner service is the worst in the country, causing pain and distress to too many families, some of whom are waiting 800 days to find out what is happening to their loved ones.
Will the Minister offer any comment or support to those families, and will she agree to meet me to discuss how we deal with the problem of the Isle of Wight coroner?
I thank the hon.
Member for his engagement on this issue.
He has written to me and we have had quite productive conversations about it.
I recently met the chief coroner to discuss the specific issue on the Isle of Wight, because we know that the delays are causing untold turmoil to families in an already awful, traumatic process.
I will happily meet the hon.
Member to discuss a way forward, but I am reassured by the action being taken by the chief coroner to address the issue in the Isle of Wight directly.
A constituent of mine who recently fled France because of domestic violence and abuse, after being a habitual resident for just 21 days, has been ordered to return to France next week under protective measures.
What more can the Government do to protect women fleeing domestic violence in relation to the Hague convention and the Child Abduction Act 1984?
The hon.
Member will know that I cannot comment on specific cases, but if he wants to write to me, I will happily look at that.
I recently had productive conversations about the Hague convention and others, and we will happily develop those conversations further.
May I associate myself with your remarks, Mr Speaker, at the outset of these proceedings about the passing of Lord Tebbit?
Lord Tebbit was a great friend of Northern Ireland, particularly of the many fellow victims of IRA terrorism.
May I return the Lord Chancellor to the subject of the backlogs in our Crown courts?
In Northern Ireland, we have the worst of all records; it takes an average of 551 days to conclude a Crown court case.
Murder trials have been stalled since last September with no new start date.