After years of high-risk domestic abuse, she went through a CID investigation to prove that she needed financial separation, but the police missed the Crown Prosecution Service investigation deadline and no charges were brought.
She is now unable to secure child maintenance.
Her abuser remains in financial control, which is effectively enabled by Government systems.
What discussions is the Minister having with colleagues in the Department for Work and Pensions and His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs to ensure that perpetrators of domestic abuse can no longer use financial systems to maintain power and control over their victims?
The hon.
Member has made the important point that this is not just a criminal justice problem to be solved, but a problem for every single Department.
That is why we have a cross-Government strategy on tackling violence against women and girls, which includes economic abuse.
Along with the Safeguarding Minister, I regularly meet Treasury and DWP colleagues in order to get to grips with the problem, and we will publish our strategy in the coming months.
I welcome all the work that the Secretary of State and her team are doing in this important area, for instance through the Women’s Justice Board.
At least 57% of women in prison and on probation are victim-survivors of domestic abuse, and in many cases their alleged offending is directly linked with their experiences of that abuse.
What consideration has the Minister given to the introduction of an effective defence for domestic abuse victims who use force against their abusers, and for those who are coerced into offending?
I know that my hon.
Friend cares deeply about this issue.
She will be aware of the work that the Women’s Justice Board is doing with the   Department, some of the reviews by David Gauke including, specifically, the sentencing review, and Baroness Casey’s recent rapid review of grooming gangs; all that work is connected with defences for victims.
We are actively considering this matter, and I will happily work with my hon.
Friend and the Centre for Women’s Justice to develop further policies.
I call the shadow Minister.
The whole House will remember the murder of Sarah Everard and the national debate about violence against women and girls that it provoked.
Sarah’s parents, Susan and Jeremy, had many positive experiences of the criminal justice system, but they were deeply upset by the restrictions that were placed on what they could say in their victim impact statements.
I think that is wrong, the Domestic Abuse Commissioner thinks it is wrong, and the Victims’ Commissioner thinks it is wrong.
Does the Minister think it is wrong?
I have been proud and privileged to meet the Everards, as well as other families who are members of Justice for Victims, to discuss how we can improve the criminal justice system for victims by putting them back at the heart of the system.
As the shadow Minister will know, we debated this issue heavily in Committee during the Victims and Courts Bill, and the Department is considering it actively to ensure that the voices of victims are represented in court and at sentencing.
I will happily update him on our discussions about how exactly we can do that and what is the best way of doing it.
I welcome that commitment, but the Minister failed to mention that we tabled an amendment in Committee which she voted against, along with a number of other Labour Members.
Given what she has just said, will she commit herself now to ensuring that an amendment is tabled during future stages of the Bill to prevent restrictions on what victims and their relatives can say in their impact statements?
Let me say yet again that, as the shadow Minister will know, we voted against that amendment because victim impact statements are currently classed as evidence in a court of law, and they have to be quite specific.