The publication of Sir Brian Leveson’s review is due very soon.
My hon.
Friend will understand why I cannot give any the exact date, but once Sir Brian has published his findings, the Government will consider them in due course, and we will come to the House first with our full response.
Jury trials will remain a cornerstone of our justice system in the most serious cases, but we have to recognise that they take five times longer than cases heard in magistrates courts, and magistrates courts already hear 90% of all criminal trials.
With victims waiting so long for their day in court, we must ask whether there are cases being heard by juries today that need not be heard by juries in future.
The rise in the Crown court backlog in 2024 was 7,051 additional cases; that is 588 extra cases on the backlog every month.
The figures for March 2025 show an additional rise over three months of 2,300; that is 769 additional cases on the backlog every month.
Not only is the position getting worse under the Lord Chancellor’s leadership, but the rate at which it is getting worse is increasing.
Can she explain to the House why the rate is getting worse, and why, when in November the Lady Chief Justice offered 6,500 additional sitting days, she did not accept every single one of those?
I am rather surprised by that question from the hon.
Gentleman, because he is normally across the detail.
Let me tell him two points of detail that were missing from his question.
First, he knows that the demand coming into the system is rising.
We have record numbers of cases coming into the system, which is a good thing, because it means that victims are seeking justice, but the system has not been able to cope with that demand.
Secondly, he should know that there is a difference between judicial capacity, which is what the Lady Chief Justice has spoken about, and system capacity.
Unless he and the Conservatives have suddenly discovered a system that will 3D print new judges, lawyers, prosecutors and defence barristers overnight, I think he will recognise that there comes a point at which additional money does not buy us the ability to go faster.
That is what I have to reckon with as Lord Chancellor.
I have set the sitting days at 110,000 because that is the max for the system, and that is fully funded.
We will consider once-in-a-generation reform to get to the bottom of this problem and fix it once and for all.
Hannah contacted me for the first time in August last year after numerous stalking incidents, online abuse and violent threats from a member of her family.
He is still at large almost a year on, despite four arrests.
The court date keeps being put back due to the backlogs.
There have been further breaches of the bail conditions and a restraining order issued, but we have heard that a fourth trial will be delayed until 2026 at the earliest.
What is the Lord Chancellor able to do to help victims who are already in the system, and who continue to be abused by a perpetrator?
I will happily look at the details of the case that the hon.
Lady raises.
Some of that relates to charging and what the police and others are doing, but I will ensure that she gets a full response from across Government on some of the specifics.
Let me observe that we make a whole range of victim support available to victims as they navigate the criminal justice system, and we will continue to do so; I recommend that she recommends some of those mechanisms to her constituent.
We have made a record allocation of funding to the Crown courts, but we recognise that we need to go further, as we will after the publication of Sir Brian Leveson’s report.