Gentleman raises a really important point, and I am grateful to him for doing so.
Focusing on the children of prisoners was a manifesto commitment of our party, because—exactly as he says—there is a cycle there that society needs to break, particularly for the children of male prisoners, and especially their sons.
We are leading work on joining up information sharing across Government to make sure that those children are identified, properly supported, and able to break the cycle of offending in their family.
We must do so in a way that does not stigmatise those children and push them away from those who want to help them.
Sensitivity and delicacy are required, but the right hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right to recognise the problem, which we are working on with colleagues in other bits of Government.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
The Liberal Prime Minister William Gladstone was right when he said,
“Justice delayed is justice denied”.
He would look on the inheritance that this Government received from the Conservative Government as a matter for great shame.
While creative solutions are required to   tackle the backlog, the jury trial—which we hear may be at risk for some—is a critical safeguard on state power, and is key to a liberal and free society.
Ahead of the Leveson report, which is coming out very soon, can the Government tell us how they will increase the overall capacity of the courts system to dispense justice, as opposed to potentially undermining justice altogether?
I thank the Liberal Democrat spokesperson for that question, but I would challenge him on two points.
I do not think we are undermining justice in this country, when he himself recognises that justice delayed is justice denied.
We are trying to properly think through, “What is a good system for us to proceed with in this country?”
As he knows, 90% of all criminal cases already go to the magistrates court.
That is why we will pursue the reforms that we have set out.
What steps she is taking to ensure that private contractors delivering justice services are held to account.
We inherited a set of contracts from the previous Government, some of which are not performing as we would like, particularly in the areas of maintenance and electronic tagging.
The Prisons Minister in the other place is gripping this situation and driving progress, with regular meetings to review performance.
In 2013, Serco was fined £68.5 million for overcharging the Government for electronic tagging, but it was still awarded the new £200 million contract in 2023.
Given the Secretary of State’s comments in March that the performance of Serco was “not good enough”, can the Minister explain what a private company actually needs to do for the Government to see it as unfit to hold a contract such as this one?
While the performance of Serco has been unacceptable, as the hon.
Gentleman says, we have made progress, and performance is improving.
We have imposed fines for poor performance, and will not hesitate to employ further contractual remedies or other measures should they be required, but this is a contract that we inherited from the Conservative party, and we are doing our best to make it work.
I thank the Minister for that response, and this Government are doing their best to make things work, but Channel 4 has revealed that the contract with Serco was fundamentally failing.
In the answer to my written question in June, Serco’s performance was still deemed to be unacceptable, so where are we with bringing Serco around to perform properly?
If it does not do so, will the Government consider cancelling that contract and bringing those services back in-house?
All options are always under review, but as I have said, performance under that contract is improving.
The Prisons Minister in the other place is gripping this issue, and we will get to where we need to get to.