That is an ongoing effort.
I welcome the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster’s commitment that resilience must be for all, not just for some.
The people of Shetland will hold him to those words.
A few years ago, we suffered a catastrophic power outage for about seven days in winter storms, leaving many of my constituents relying on copper wire phone lines for their connection to the outside world.
If that copper wire is withdrawn without sufficient resilience being built into its replacement, the consequences for my constituents could be catastrophic.
Will he, through his office, engage with private sector organisations when they are making these strategic decisions for us all?
The right hon.
Gentleman represents perhaps the outermost part of the UK, and when he says that resilience should be for all, he is absolutely right.
We have seen the effect of long-term—days is “long-term”—power outages, including, in recent times, during Storm Éowyn.
He made a good point about ensuring resilience when systems change and new technology comes in, and we will certainly have a dialogue with telecoms companies about that.
I thank the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster for his statement.
I was pleased to hear him reference the £370 million that the Government are investing to secure our telecommunications network.
Will that extend to our undersea network of cables, which face perpetual threats from the Russian shadow fleet and others who are under a thin veil of plausible deniability?
If those networks are disrupted, it will create chaos in the UK.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for that important question.
Subsea cables are vital to the working of our economy and our defences, and those who wish us harm know that.
It must be part of our national defence and our defence thinking to defend our international communication structures under the sea.
The tier 1 exercise that CDL mentioned in response to Baroness Hallett’s recommendation 6 in module 1 of her report on covid 19 is much to be welcomed.
However, he will be aware that part of the problem with Exercise Cygnus in 2016 was that the results were not made public at the time, and a lot of it remained classified.
In the light of what has been said today, will he ensure that the Government’s approach to this exercise is different, and that the results are made public quickly, so that they can be interrogated?
Any national exercise of this kind will show up both strengths and weaknesses.
It is important that we communicate the learnings from these exercises—both the strengths and the weaknesses.
The national risk register identifies cyber-attacks on critical national infrastructure as being of moderate likelihood but potentially catastrophic in impact.
The National Audit Office has identified 58 key Government systems that have substantial cyber-resilience gaps.
What more can the Government do to plug those gaps and ensure that our systems are secure?
This is very important.
There is no doubt that there are gaps in cyber-defences, and there is an ongoing battle to get up to speed.
Many legacy systems that have been in place for decades are difficult to replace, because new has been built on old.
We are investing, but it is an ongoing effort to close the gaps to stop those who would undermine the vital public services that rely on those systems.
One of the vulnerabilities that we saw in the pandemic, after the invasion of Ukraine and even during the “beast from the east” winter storm was to food supplies, but I did not hear the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster refer to food in his statement.
Finland’s national food supply can sustain the country for up to nine months; it includes strategic food reserves and grain stockpiles.
Germany advises citizens to keep a 10-day stockpile of food and water.
Our reliance on imports makes our food supply vulnerable to global events such as pandemics and geopolitical instability.