Will the Government accept the Liberal Democrats’ call to launch a national awareness campaign that draws on different modes of contact?
I welcome the talk about being more resilient to climate emergencies.
We have all seen the horrifying pictures and upsetting stories from the floods in Texas  in recent days, and in this country, we have had one of the hottest starts to a summer in UK history; it is vital that the Government are not caught unawares as the temperature rises.
Last week, I had a meeting in my constituency with Thames Water, which told me that it is preparing drought mitigation measures.
The regular supply of water to people’s properties, businesses and agricultural land is vital to livelihoods and everyday lives.
What steps are the Government taking, and perhaps putting in their new action plan, to ensure that any drought mitigation measures will not significantly impact the country in the coming months?
I welcome the hon.
Lady’s questions, and join her in extending our sympathies to all those affected by the terrible events in Texas, where we saw the power of nature, and saw so many innocent lives lost.
I welcome the hon.
Lady’s comments on the alert test.
The test will be publicised well in advance, including through work with domestic violence charities and others, so that everybody knows what is coming.
Information for the public is available on the gov.uk/prepare website.
I agree with the hon.
Lady that dialogue with the public on resilience is important.
In many other countries, that is absolutely normal.
Perhaps it has been a little less normal in this country, but we should change that.
On risks in the immediate term, our excellent Cobra team in the Cabinet Office scans the horizon constantly for these things, and it is always prepared and ready to go in any emergency.
I thank the Minister for his statement.
As a former Leicestershire county councillor, and as a health scrutineer before, during and after the pandemic, it was clear to me that local knowledge from our public health teams and NHS services played an important role; however, they know that they could have gone further and done so much more.
Will he reassure me and my constituents that insights from local resilience forums and local experts will feed into planning and preparation for any future pandemic?
That is a good question.
It is really important that we learn from the experience of the pandemic a few years ago, but we must not fall into the trap, as I said, of assuming that the next emergency will be exactly the same.
We have to be flexible in our response.
The next emergency, and indeed the next pandemic, may be quite different in character from the one that we went through a few years ago.
Will the preparations take into account the lasting, disastrous consequences of lockdown, and the blithering absurdity of face coverings?
The preparations should take everything into account.
I thank the Minister for the statement.
I welcome the announcement that the Government will undertake a full national test of the emergency alert system in September.
How will they ensure that rural areas such as Church Eaton in my  constituency, which is still waiting for its phone mast to be activated, and Maer, which has had long-term difficulties with mobile reception, can receive the message?
My understanding is that the alert is dependent on 4G access.
My hon.
Friend is right.
About 95% of the population is covered by 4G or 5G access, and we are working constantly with the telecoms companies to improve that coverage.
That is an ongoing effort.
I welcome the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster’s commitment that resilience must be for all, not just for some.
The people of Shetland will hold him to those words.