Alongside that, the Government will roll out prevention partnerships and Young Futures hubs.
I welcome the Minister’s answer.
Knife crime ruins lives and devastates communities; rightly, those responsible must be held accountable.
If we are serious about preventing reoffending, however, we also need structured, credible rehabilitation, the focus of which must be on prevention and diversionary activities.
As chair of the all-party parliamentary group on boxing, I have seen how grassroots boxing clubs offer something different—structure, community and hope—that is of particular benefit to young people.
I ask the Minister to meet me to discuss how boxing can be a key part of successfully rehabilitating offenders.
My hon.
Friend is right to point to the range of diversions that can help the rehabilitation of young offenders, including boxing clubs.
I am happy to meet him.
What steps her Department is taking to restore the Legal Aid Agency's digital services.
As the House will be aware, the Legal Aid Agency suffered a criminal cyber-attack across its systems.
It has worked tirelessly to ensure that those who rely on legal aid have not seen that legal aid stop and that providers are not left out of pocket.
In short, it has kept the show on the road with a series of emergency contingency measures.
Let us be in no doubt, however, that it suffered that attack because its IT systems had been left in a fragile state by the lack of investment from the Conservatives.
We will learn from the crisis and build back better with additional investment.
Two of my local firms—MJC Law and Nottingham Law Centre—have contacted me about this issue.
MJC Law said:
“This has left legal aid law firms, often small businesses, to decide whether to take on the risk of cases and hope they will be approved and paid retrospectively”.
Cash flow could become a genuinely serious issue for such firms, so what steps are being taken to support them?
For how long does the Minister envisage firms dealing with this situation?
Finally, on GDPR notices, is it sufficient that the LAA has simply provided a notice on its webpage?
I pay tribute to the legal aid providers across the country who have kept going through this difficult time and who do vital work in the sector.
As part of the package of contingency business measures, we have delegated more decision making to providers and we have committed to backdating criminal legal aid applications.
I must assure the House that we will turn the systems back on only when we can be sure that they are secure and we can guarantee that we are protecting people’s data.
What steps she is taking to ensure she can refer Parole Board decisions in cases of serious offenders to the High Court.
Work to implement the power to refer cases to the High Court is well advanced, and we expect to be able to fully update the House later this year.
The Secretary of State is declining to take the power to refer to the High Court on unduly lenient Parole Board decisions in cases of manslaughter, like that of Robert Brown, who killed the best friend of my constituent, Hetti Barkworth-Nanton.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss this decision and explore how we can  ensure that the Secretary of State has all the powers necessary to ensure that violent killers like Brown are not released early?
That was a horrific case.
My thoughts remain with Joanna’s family and friends, specifically Diana Parkes and Hetti Barkworth-Nanton, who I met last year, and who the Under-Secretary of State for Justice, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Pontypridd (Alex Davies-Jones) , met this week.
The previous Parliament carefully scrutinised the referral power and the offences that should be in scope.
I am very happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman on this matter.