I do not have those figures directly to hand, but I am sure that if they are available, I can write to him with the details.
I asked the Justice Secretary a very simple question about one of the biggest challenges facing our country right now, and the whole House can see that she did not have a clue.
This is about not just the pathetically low levels of prosecutions under her watch, but the fact that she has waved through guidelines to shorten sentences for immigration offences.
Under the Nationality and Borders Act 2022, the most serious offence for facilitation carries a life sentence, but she is watering that down to between 10 and 16 years.
Instead of smashing the gangs, she is slashing the sentences.
Why will she not do something for once and stop this?
Honestly, the shadow Justice Secretary really ought to pay more attention to his day job—rather than to the job he is looking for, which the Conservative party might give him.
First, had he paid any attention, he would know that prosecutions do not fall to the Ministry of Justice; they are dealt with independently through the Crown Prosecution Service.
We will of course publish the statistics when we get them, and I will happily write to him with the details.
We are making sure that, across Government, we are taking all the action necessary to protect our borders.
He is misrepresenting what the immigration guidelines do; I have picked him up on that before.
I will happily write to him again, but maybe he could actually read them and learn something.
PeoplePlus has just won the contract for prison education in Scotland and England.
PeoplePlus was sold to Talent International, a subsidiary of swipejobs, in which US and Australian-based venture capital firm Clearsign Capital has a 40% stake, according to the University and College Union.
Can the Minister explain why venture capitalists are making money out of educating British prisoners?
My hon.
Friend asks a good question.
In England, prison education contracts are awarded following a rigorous commercial process that awards providers on merit.
I understand that PeoplePlus has been awarded education contracts for Scottish prisons, but that would be a matter for the Scottish Government.
I wish to raise the case of my constituent whose 89-year-old father was subject to serious abuse through a lasting power of attorney.
It took two years and significant legal costs to get the power of attorney removed through the Court of Protection.
The father tragically died, homeless and penniless.
Does the Minister believe that the current LPA protections are sufficient to prevent such abuse, and will the Government consider an urgent review and reform of the system?
I am very sorry to hear about the case of the hon.
Member’s constituent.
We need to put this into some context.
As of March 2024, over 8 million lasting powers of attorney were registered in England and Wales.
They are a really useful instrument.
Although concerns about misuse do exist, the sort of abuse that the hon.
Member highlights is, in context, rare.
The Office of the Public Guardian investigated around 2,500 cases last year.
We are looking to strengthen safeguards and add more identify checks as part of a modernised service.
Lasting power of attorney is a really important tool, and we do not want to throw the baby out with the bathwater.
During my recent visit to Pennine Domestic Abuse Partnership in Huddersfield I heard about how long delays between CPS charges and trial dates leave abuse victims in limbo.
The delays not only retraumatise victims but put a huge strain on support services that provide long-term care, so I join colleagues in asking the Government to reduce the delays as soon as possible so that victims of domestic abuse can access justice swiftly.
My hon.