May I return the Lord Chancellor to the subject of the backlogs in our Crown courts?
In Northern Ireland, we have the worst of all records; it takes an average of 551 days to conclude a Crown court case.
Murder trials have been stalled since last September with no new start date.
We have a Minister of Justice locally who talks the talk but never walks the walk, and particularly does not walk the walk in settling the ongoing remuneration issue that is holding things up.
Would the Lord Chancellor bring some pressure to bear on the local Justice Minister to sort this matter out?
The hon.
and learned Member will know that for devolved matters it would of course be deeply inappropriate for me to try to influence or put pressure on the Minister of Justice in Northern Ireland.
On a cross-UK basis, we regularly meet our fellow Justice Ministers in the devolved Administrations, and I will happily pick up those conversations in a constructive way.
With permission, Mr Speaker, I will update the House on the Government’s resilience action plan.
We are living through a period of profound change: upheaval in the international order, conflicts raging in the middle east, a war being waged on the continent of Europe and old norms overturned on what feels like a daily basis.
Against that backdrop, the Government’s first duty of keeping the public safe becomes all the more important.
Resilience is a measure of deep strength and, at the same time, a measure of insurance.
By deep strength, I mean fundamentals such as a good NHS, a strong spirit of community, a secure energy system and good flood defences.
All those things increase our national resilience.
We saw the vulnerabilities exposed by the covid pandemic in the NHS and in the different impact it had on different workers, ethnic minorities and members of the community.
Resilience has to be for all, not just for some.
By insurance, I mean the emergency systems, scientific capability, scale-up capability and other measures we would need in a crisis.
Everyone knows they need insurance, but we also know that no one spends their whole income on it.
That is true for a country, too.
By definition, preparation for the worst has to sit alongside the week-to-week provision of the essential services that government run.
There is no perfectly correct answer to the balance between those two things.
What is certain is that the Government have to think through the scenarios and try to ensure that the country is as well prepared as possible.
Today we set out how we will do that with the publication of our resilience action plan, a chronic risk analysis and an update on the UK biological security strategy.
No Government can stop every risk from materialising.
Every Member of this House understands that we live in a world where we are susceptible to a much wider range of risks than we were even a decade ago: cyber-attacks on household names, trade measures that can trigger fluctuations in the prices of food or household goods, power outages, the possibility of another pandemic—these risks are real and are all different.
The answer to those shared challenges lies in making all parts of society better prepared: our economy, our defences, our health systems, our infrastructure, our borders, our industrial base and our energy security.
Much of it comes down to the unglamorous work of delivering improved public services.
That is what we might call “deep resilience”—an NHS that is strong enough to cope, an energy system that does not leave us as exposed to the spikes in the price of oil seen in the aftermath of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, and a science base that can be called into action quickly.