I welcome the Government’s efforts to reform sentencing following the sentencing review.
I am confident that those steps will end the chaos left behind by the previous Government.
I am particularly interested in rehabilitation as a priority in sentencing.
A troubling statistic remains: studies have shown that 30% of prisoners in the UK are diagnosed as dyslexic, and there are probably many more who are undiagnosed, meaning that the numbers are much higher.
Will the Minister tell me what steps are being taken to support dyslexic people in prison and to prevent reoffending following release?
My hon.
Friend is right to emphasise the importance of rehabilitation in the panoply of things that we do in the criminal justice system.
She is also right to highlight the number of prisoners and people in the criminal justice system who have dyslexia, which is one of the many neurodiverse conditions in the prison service.
Every prison has a neurodiversity officer who co-ordinates activity to address that in each prison, but if she wants to write to me about the issue, I would be happy to respond in more detail.
The Secretary of State will be aware of the deeply troubling revelations over the weekend of the so-called Halal bride website.
Does she agree that such practices have absolutely no place in Britain?
The regulation of websites and content falls either within Home Office responsibilities for criminal law or with the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology, and I will happily pick up with them the detail around the regulatory issues that are raised by that case.
When I visited HMP Onley, the nearest prison to my constituency, I had the great privilege to be given a tour by the governor, Mark Allen and to see the excellent work of the staff.
I wonder whether the Secretary of State would comment on the importance of offerings by organisations and companies such as Greene King which provide cafés and restaurants so that prisoners can be rehabilitated while they are in prison.
Greene King does outstanding work, as do other organisations in our prison service.
They are important partners in delivering better justice.
The Lord Chancellor rightly rejected murderer Alan Jermey’s Parole Board request for open conditions, for which his daughters and I are extremely grateful.
I understand  that Mr Jermey is now legally challenging the decision, so will the Lord Chancellor revisit my request for a meeting with her about this issue?
The hon.
Member will know that, with a judicial challenge, there will be some constraints as to what I can say publicly, and indeed even privately in a meeting.
I will take advice to ensure that nothing compromises the legal process.
The Sentencing Guidelines (Pre-sentence Reports) Act 2025 has now received Royal Assent and I congratulate the Lord Chancellor on her swift action, but it would never have been necessary if sentencing guidelines were not the preserve of an unelected, undemocratic quango in the form of the Sentencing Council.
Does she agree that we need a democratic lock, or even a vote in this place, to approve new sentencing guidelines?
I have said many times at this Dispatch Box that that whole episode revealed a democratic deficit.
I am reviewing the roles and powers and we will come forward with legislative changes in due course.
In the light of the tragic loss of young mother Sarah Montgomery, who was seven months pregnant, due to violence, which has left two young girls without a mother and impacted the entire community of Donaghadee in my constituency, do the Government agree that early interventions, particularly through early education, are essential?
Furthermore, can we look at intensifying our efforts to prevent domestic violence against women and young girls and at increasing sentences to deter that type of crime?
I thank the hon.
Member for raising this case, which will have hit all of us incredibly hard.