During my recent visit to Pennine Domestic Abuse Partnership in Huddersfield I heard about how long delays between CPS charges and trial dates leave abuse victims in limbo.
The delays not only retraumatise victims but put a huge strain on support services that provide long-term care, so I join colleagues in asking the Government to reduce the delays as soon as possible so that victims of domestic abuse can access justice swiftly.
My hon.
Friend outlines exactly why we have asked Sir Brian Leveson to conduct a review into the criminal courts; the ambition is to reduce the length of time victims have to wait for justice.
We are expecting the recommendations of that review shortly.
We are supporting victims by funding key support services to make sure that victims continue to be engaged with our criminal justice system, and we are expanding the use of specialist domestic abuse courts, where trained staff can support victims directly.
I recently  met Ruby Hamill—a young activist who nearly died in a Government-run prison when her severe eating disorder was ignored.
Ruby is not a constituent; she wanted to talk to me because I chair the eating disorders all-party parliamentary group.
Will the Minister meet me and Ruby’s family to ensure that there are eating disorder guidelines in all prisons, and that the guidelines are appropriate and implemented across all prison healthcare providers?
I am sorry to hear of the case that the hon.
Member outlines, and I would be very happy to meet her to explore the issue further.
In a recent report, the Victims Commissioner said that she feared that the delay in victims getting justice
“will drive some victims to give up on seeking justice altogether—a second injustice compounding the first.”
This is completely unacceptable, and at Ipswich Crown court the backlog of open cases has more than doubled since 2016.
What are Ministers doing to reverse the harm inflicted by the Conservatives not only on the justice system itself but on victims’ confidence that justice will be served at all?
My hon.
Friend is right that we are seeing an increase in the number of victims pulling out of the process because they no longer have confidence in it because it is taking so long.
We have funded an additional 4,000 sitting days this year and have asked Sir Brian Leveson to recommend once-in-a-generation reform precisely so that we can deliver swifter justice for victims.
The hon.
Member for Penistone and Stocksbridge (Dr Tidball) raised the issue of the presumption of contact.
I have a constituency case where one parent has abused their children and the other parent has had to pay for the supervision of those children.
The presumption of contact is not working in cases where domestic abuse has happened, so I echo the calls from the hon.
Member for Penistone and Stocksbridge for an urgent review of it.
The hon.
Member will know that a staggering 60% of cases that go through our family courts involve some form of domestic abuse or allegation thereof.
That is why consideration of the operation of the presumption of contact and wider consideration of domestic abuse allegations in our family courts are so important.
It is why officials and Ministers are taking the process really seriously.
Derbyshire Victim Services does really important work supporting victims, including those who have experienced sexual assault and domestic violence, but given the court backlog inherited from the Conservative Government, the service has told me that many of the victims are in need of support for longer, with many having complex needs that public services can struggle to meet.
What steps is the Department taking to help support services to provide support to victims with complex needs that are exacerbated when justice is delayed?