Finland’s national food supply can sustain the country for up to nine months; it includes strategic food reserves and grain stockpiles.
Germany advises citizens to keep a 10-day stockpile of food and water.
Our reliance on imports makes our food supply vulnerable to global events such as pandemics and geopolitical instability.
What action are the Government taking to increase our food security?
The gov.uk/prepare website refers to having a supply of food and water in case of an emergency.
We recently struck an agreement with the European Union that will remove a huge amount of the cost, bureaucracy and delay in ensuring the free flow of food to and from the European Union.
That is a good agreement for food security.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his statement.
As he rightly says, planning and responding to these kinds of incidents—whether it is the pandemic, storms, flooding or major water outages, like the one that happened in my constituency earlier this year—requires people across all levels of Government to work with communities.
How will the resilience plan launched today encourage closer working between the devolved Governments and the UK Government?
My experience in the year since the general election is that on matters such as this, co-operation and joint working between the UK Government and the devolved Governments is good.
I am pleased to say that this is an area where party politics is usually left outside the door, and I think that is right.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right: when an emergency hits, we need good co-operation and dialogue with either the devolved Governments or local authorities and local resilience forums, which I referred to in my statement.
The Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster referenced the considerable spending on flood defences over the next few years.
He will be aware that the port of Immingham and much of the south bank of the Humber was severely affected by a tidal surge in 2013.
Although much work has been done in recent years, can he give an assurance to businesses and residents that the south bank of the Humber will remain a priority for increased flood defence expenditure?
We have set aside some £4 billion for investment in flood defences.
The details of when and where that will be spent will be set out by my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his statement.
One of the most striking conclusions from the covid inquiry was that vulnerable people were the hardest hit.
What steps are the Government taking to ensure that support will reach vulnerable people much more quickly in the event of another incident?
That is a good and important question.
As I said, resilience has to be for all, not just for some.
This is taken very seriously at the National Situation Centre.
As data gets better—as, for example, energy companies get a better map of their vulnerable customers—we are getting to a better place when it comes to knowing exactly where the Government should direct their effort when an emergency hits.
It is a really important part of community solidarity that people of all income groups know that the Government are there for them when an emergency hits.
Will the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster confirm that climate-related emergencies are a core part of this resilience strategy?
Climate breakdown has the potential to threaten our core infrastructure and poses risks to our core support systems, such as food and water, and the Climate Change Committee says that we are woefully ill-prepared for climate-related changes, so does he agree that the issue should be not a political football?
Instead, it should be central to the Government’s resilience plans for protecting our citizens.
I welcome that question.
If the hon.