Some of that relates to charging and what the police and others are doing, but I will ensure that she gets a full response from across Government on some of the specifics.
Let me observe that we make a whole range of victim support available to victims as they navigate the criminal justice system, and we will continue to do so; I recommend that she recommends some of those mechanisms to her constituent.
We have made a record allocation of funding to the Crown courts, but we recognise that we need to go further, as we will after the publication of Sir Brian Leveson’s report.
The Crown court backlog stands at approximately 73,000 cases annually, and rape and sexual assault trials in Leicester Crown court face delays of up to three years.
What steps is the Department taking to reduce that backlog and ensure that serious offences are brought to trial more efficiently to prevent further trauma for victims and the miscarriage of justice?
The hon.
Gentleman is right that the delays in the system and the long waits for trials are causing huge amounts of trauma to victims, who regularly tell me, him and other Members from across this House that they feel retraumatised by the criminal justice system when they seek justice.
I am not willing to tolerate that, which is why I have made record funding available.
I recognised right at the outset that the system cannot carry on as it has done for all these years.
We need to ask a bigger question about the sorts of cases in  our system that get a jury trial, and those that do not.
This Government will pursue once-in-a-generation reform of our Crown courts.
I call the Chair of the Justice Committee.
Last year, 839 magistrates court trials and 186 Crown court trials had to be cancelled because the defendant was not brought to court on time by prisoner escort contractors.
We expect Sir Brian’s report very shortly, which will have a range of proposals on how to reduce the unprecedented backlog in the Crown courts.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that however effective those reforms prove to be, they will be undermined from the start unless the performance of contractors such as Serco improves?
My hon.
Friend is right that the performance of contractors needs to improve.
He and I have discussed that, and the issue regularly comes up in oral questions in relation to the contract for electronic monitoring.
We monitor those contracts regularly.
We are determined to pursue once-in-a-generation reform, but my hon.
Friend will know that the whole system needs to become more productive and efficient.
That is why there will be a second part to Sir Brian Leveson’s work, which will report later in the year, and which will look at productivity and efficiency across the criminal justice system.
I regularly discuss these matters with the Criminal Justice Board as well.
One of the most important things we can do, as the Lord Chancellor seems to indicate, is reduce the number of cases going into the system by reducing reoffending where possible, including intergenerational reoffending.
Given that 65% of boys with a parent in prison will go on to offend, what steps is the Secretary of State taking to ensure that the children of prisoners are properly identified and supported, so that they do not become the next generation of people in prison?
The right hon.
Gentleman raises a really important point, and I am grateful to him for doing so.
Focusing on the children of prisoners was a manifesto commitment of our party, because—exactly as he says—there is a cycle there that society needs to break, particularly for the children of male prisoners, and especially their sons.
We are leading work on joining up information sharing across Government to make sure that those children are identified, properly supported, and able to break the cycle of offending in their family.