Gentleman to talk more about the points he has made.
Today, the Charity Commission issued new guidance for charities that refuse to accept donations.
That comes after the Royal National Lifeboat Institution turned down a donation from Dungarvan Foxhounds Supporters Club in the Republic of Ireland.
Declining a donation from a lawful source may not be consistent with the legal duty of trustees to “further their charity’s purpose”.
Will my right hon.
Friend support the right of communities throughout the British Isles to donate to charities of their choice?
My right hon.
and learned Friend, the former Attorney General, raises a very important point.
We want to do everything we can to encourage charitable giving.
I will look closely at the case he mentions, and raise it with the Cabinet Office and Orlando Fraser KC, the distinguished chair of the Charity Commission, who is doing such a good job.
There are businesses in York that have not been able to trade for over four months because of flooding.
The flood recovery framework precludes them from getting funds, whereas those in the Tory shires are able to access funds.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss the fact that businesses in my constituency cannot get funding?
Let us find a way forward so that they do not miss out.
Yes.
Councillors will not be covered by the newly passed Neonatal Care (Leave and Pay) Act 2023 and are at risk of losing extra responsibility allowances if they have a child who spends time in neonatal care.
Will the local government Minister issue guidance to councils, asking them to ensure that all parents are protected if their councillors find themselves in those most difficult of circumstances?
My hon.
Friend has worked on this campaign.
We spoke about it last week and I understand entirely the merits of the argument he makes.
So powerful is he as an advocate that I have already put work in hand to deliver what he is talking about.
On the community ownership fund, it is welcome that the match funding requirements for local organisations have been reduced to 20%.
In future rounds, could the criterion around match funding take account of prior investment  by the community, such as the very many small donations that people in the Axe valley area gave to build Seaton community hospital?
That is an interesting idea.
I am very fond of the Axe valley, so I will look at it.
1244 was the date of the first market charter awarded to Wellington in Shropshire, in my constituency.
In the last three years, £3 million from the towns fund, £10 million from the levelling-up fund and £800,000 from a fund I cannot remember have provided record investment from this Government into the 800-year-old market town of Wellington.
The Labour council has just taken over the market, so will the Secretary of State please ensure that the council do not mess it up?
We will do everything we can.
Wellington is very lucky to have such a brilliant advocate.
I hope my right hon.
Friend sits on the green Benches for many years to come, but when he is transferred to another place, he deserves to be the next Duke of Wellington.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for the Home Office if he will make a statement on the publication of 13 reports by the former independent chief inspector of borders and immigration on  29 February  and how the inspectorate will now operate in the absence of a chief inspector or deputy?
We recognise that independent scrutiny, such as that provided by the independent chief inspector of borders and immigration, plays an important role in ensuring that we have an effective immigration system.
In January, the Home Secretary made a promise to the former chief inspector to publish all overdue reports as soon as possible, which I repeated in the House last month in response to an earlier urgent question.