Across the country, homeowners in a state of adoption limbo are being left exposed to exploitative and often unaccountable management companies.
Despite their warm words, sadly the Government did not take any of the actions that the Competition and Markets Authority urged them to take in order to end the issue of fleecehold once and for all.
Given that the Secretary of State is rumoured to be on the lookout for legacy accomplishments, will the Minister urge his colleagues to finally act on this issue during the current Parliament, or will fleecehold be yet another issue left for the next Government to tackle?
With the best will in the world, the CMA report was published a few days ago, and the Leasehold and Freehold Reform Bill had been progressing through the House for a number of months before that.
As for the hon.
Gentleman’s specific point, I hope he will accept, as other Members, including his colleagues, have done, that the Bill is a significant improvement for estate management, providing the right of redress to a tribunal, further information and the right to absolute clarity on service charges.
All those changes have been rightly demanded by residents, and we are considering carefully whether there is anything further than we can do.
What steps his Department is taking to support the delivery of town deals.
My Department is engaging with all town deal recipients to support delivery through our performance monitoring process, and we have a particular interest in progress in Ipswich following the allocation of £25 million, secured by the hon.
Gentleman, for 10 projects there.
I am very grateful for that investment.
As the Secretary of State will know, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bishop Auckland (Dehenna Davison)  had to intervene because of the slow production of the business cases.
We got over that hurdle, but sadly, years later, we are still desperately waiting for delivery on the ground.
When bodies other than the Labour-led council are responsible for projects, they are delivered—no problem—but when the council is in the driving seat, what we see is no delivery.
Whether it is cock-up or conspiracy, it is not good enough.
Will the Secretary of State please intervene to let the council know that it is not right to put politics before the delivery that the people of Ipswich so desperately need?
My hon.
Friend is a bonnie fechter for Ipswich, and he is absolutely right about, for instance, the local shopping parades project and the former R&W Paul Silo building.
I am afraid that we have not seen the progress that we would expect.
It is indeed the case that the Labour Council in Ipswich is not delivering for the people of Ipswich in the way that my hon.
Friend so brilliantly does.
I thought that the Secretary of State’s Government were introducing all these deals in order to help the parts of the country that were struggling and where more people on low earnings lived.
Like him, I have been looking carefully at who is getting the money.
Why does so much of it goes to Tory marginal seats?
Is that fair?
First, Ipswich is an area that deserves investment—an area that has been overlooked and undervalued under Labour Governments.
Secondly, on Friday I was proud to be able to announce additional investment in a mass transit system, which will enable the hon.
Gentleman’s constituents in Huddersfield to travel more quickly across West Yorkshire to Leeds and Bradford.
Sadly, it is the case at the moment that we do not have Conservative MPs in Leeds or Bradford, but we know that the Labour marginal seats in Leeds and Bradford, and of course the marginal seat of Huddersfield, will very soon have Conservative representation.
What the eligibility criteria for the community ownership fund are.
What the eligibility criteria for the community ownership fund are.