We do not accept it.
The inspection covered only a small part of our border operations at a specific location and over a limited time period—it is a snapshot—and it is inappropriate to draw unsubstantiated wider conclusions through sweeping statements based on a three-day inspection.
Ultimately, Border Force facilitates 132 million passenger arrivals last year, processing over 96% of passengers within service standards.
Significant progress has been made since the report was commissioned to increase the number of officers trained in vulnerability and behavioural detection, and that is set to continue.
We treat the inspector’s recommendations with the utmost seriousness; we get on and deliver on those recommendations and, as I have consistently set out to the House, we now have a commitment to respond to those reports within eight weeks.
Following on from that point, there is clearly an issue with publication within eight weeks.
Bearing in mind that the public purse is funding 30 civil servants and a chief inspector of immigration, has my hon.
Friend considered a statutory basis for the eight-week requirement—or whatever requirement is necessary or proportionate—for the publication of such reports, to ensure efficiency in the system?
In his usual way, my hon.
Friend comes to the House with constructive suggestions for how the Government can go about their work.
I am happy to put that suggestion to the Minister who leads on these matters in the Department.
I can absolutely assure my hon.
Friend that there is a commitment to engage with the reports within that eight-week window, which I would argue is within both the letter and the spirit of what the late great James Brokenshire said a few years ago.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
I thank David Neal for his work.
Nobody can doubt that he was an independent chief inspector of borders and immigration,  and his reports bear testament to that work.
He called out the Home Office for being particularly poor at communication, and for its data being “inexcusably awful.”
In relation to Border Force, he highlighted
“basic stuff not being done”.
He shone a bright light on the shoddy treatment of unaccompanied children in hotels, some of whom are still missing to this day and have not been found by the Home Office.
He highlighted the
“lack of grip and poor leadership”
that resulted in those children becoming lost.
He also highlighted the chaos and the secret policies being operated as part of the Afghan citizens resettlement scheme—utterly unacceptable.
What happens now to the planned inspections that are stuck in limbo?
Those inspections include adults at risk, which is crucial as people have committed suicide in asylum accommodation.
Small boats are all the more critical given the tragic loss of a seven-year-old wee girl just this week.
On high-performance visas, on Rwanda, on Georgia and on age assessment, what will happen to the work plan that the chief inspector set out, and to the staff—expert inspectors—who are in place to deliver it?
Will David Neal’s recommendations be taken on by whoever follows him in that post?
What will the Department do for future reports?
Next time a report is published, will the Minister make a statement to the House, rather than being brought here by an urgent question?
I am very grateful to the SNP spokesman for that variety of questions.
I too, actually, want to place on record my thanks to Mr Neal for the work that he did—[Interruption.]
There is chuntering from Opposition Members, but it is perfectly right and proper to thank him for his work.
There are recommendations that the Government have accepted and are taking forward.
We treat the outcomes of those reports with the seriousness that they warrant.
We will continue to work through those recommendations; even in the absence of an ICIBI, we will continue to make progress against our commitments.
Obviously, we want to get on and appoint a replacement for Mr Neal, and that process is under way.