The Renters (Reform) Bill is going through Parliament and I look forward to debating it with the hon.
Lady when it returns to this House.
My borough of Enfield topped London’s league for section 21 evictions last year, setting a grim record and resulting in a dramatic rise in homeless families approaching the council for help.
At its peak, the borough had 400 families approach the council for help in one month, yet Ministers are unwilling to stand up to their own Back Benchers.
The Minister says the Government are committed to abolishing section 21 evictions.
Can I please ask him when?
When will he bring the Bill back, so we can bring an end to no-fault evictions?
I pay tribute to the hon.
Lady, who I have heard campaigning on this issue a number of times.
I am well aware of her concerns for her constituents.
As I said, we are absolutely committed to abolishing section 21.
We will bring forward the Bill as soon as we are able to do so.
I would also say to her that the Mayor of London is not building enough homes.
He is not building enough homes to meet the Government-assessed need for London.
He is not even building homes to his own targets, so I encourage her to have a conversation with him as well.
In Salford, from April to November last year, approximately 466 individuals presented to Salford City Council in crisis because of section 21 notices.
Salford’s social housing waiting list is currently in the thousands.
Private market rents are outstripping incomes and local housing allowance rates at a frighteningly exponential rate.
There are no affordable homes to go to once someone is evicted from a property, so homelessness is now at acute levels in Salford.
This is not just a housing crisis; this is a homelessness crisis in Salford.
When are the Government going to bring back the Renters (Reform) Bill, with robust amendments finally banning section 21 evictions?
What action will the Minister take to ensure that my constituents urgently have long-term secure tenancies?
Again, I have heard the hon.
Lady talk about this issue a number of times.
We are absolutely committed to the abolition of section 21.
I am personally committed to that.
We will bring back the Bill as soon as we are able to do so.
I call the shadow Minister.
In resisting Labour’s efforts to strengthen the Renters (Reform) Bill, Ministers have repeatedly argued that the legislation as drafted strikes precisely the right balance between the interests of tenants and those of landlords, yet by watering down protections for renters and further delaying the long-overdue abolition of section 21 evictions, the package of draft Government amendments to the Bill that we saw last week will tilt the playing field decisively back towards the landlord interest.
Are we to believe that the Government have honestly decided, at the 11th hour, that it is landlords who need more rights and powers, or is this not simply a crude attempt to manage an increasingly fractious Tory party at a shameful cost to hard-pressed private tenants?
The hon.
Gentleman, like various Members who have spoken, is a committed campaigner on this issue.
I enjoyed our time together in the Public Bill  Committee.
We need to strike the balance he has just spoken about.
That is why we are discussing the Bill with both landlord groups and tenant groups.
We are meeting colleagues on the Government Benches and the Labour Benches, and those in the smaller parties, too.
We are ensuring that when we bring the Bill back it is in the best possible shape so that it affords protections and security for tenants, but protections, in fairness, for landlords too.
What his planned timescale is for reviewing the flood recovery framework.
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for his question.