Member can keep parroting figures and chuntering from the Back Benches, but I would rather he came forward with a credible alternative plan.
Perhaps then we could have a conversation.
The shambles that is the ongoing mismanagement of our borders and the Government mismanagement of the huge asylum backlog, which was just referred to, is now enhanced by the additional shambles of an unnecessary interregnum.
In answer to my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Orkney and Shetland (Mr Carmichael) , the Minister seemed to imply that independent oversight would not be necessary in the next few weeks and months while there is an interregnum over the Rwanda deal.
If the Government are right—in the best-case scenario, from their perspective—1% of all asylum seekers will go to Rwanda.
Apparently, that is so important that independent oversight is not necessary during this period.
Will the Minister confirm that until a new inspector is formally and fully appointed and in post, there will be no further progress in deporting anybody to Rwanda?
It is rather ironic that the hon.
Gentleman argues for due process on the one hand, and says that we should dispense with it on the other.
The contract of the chief inspector of borders was terminated because of respects in which his actions were not in accordance   with the agreement around the post.
That was not an acceptable situation.
The Home Secretary lost confidence in him, and that was why steps were taken.
I welcome oversight and accountability.
There will be opportunities for scrutiny of the work on Rwanda.
On the point that the hon.
Gentleman sought to suggest that I had made, I was clear in saying that we should not waste any time when lives are at risk in the channel.
We should not waste a moment in getting on and operationalising that Rwanda policy, but there will of course be plenty of opportunity for scrutiny of that work.
May I put on record my thanks to the Minister for all the work that he did for one of my constituents last week, and for ensuring that one of the Ukrainian babies got back to Northern Ireland?
We should bear in mind the gap that has been left in this vital component of our immigration response.
On the role of civil servants and the importance of ministerial oversight, most recently, the difficulty in Northern Ireland, where there was an absence of Ministers in situ, was that although senior civil servants could make decisions, they were loth to do so; and those who made decisions did not provide the usual accountability or explanation of decisions.
How will the Minister ensure that that does not remain the case until a replacement for the independent chief inspector of borders and immigration is in place?
The hon.
Member always goes about his business in the House diligently, and he speaks with great passion about Northern Ireland; I am delighted that we now have Ministers back in government there.
I look forward to engaging with counterparts in Northern Ireland on these issues.
I reassure him that that engagement will be the cornerstone of the work that we do.
There is a commitment to engage thoroughly and extensively.
As I said, we want to get on and appoint a replacement inspector; it is an important role for everybody in the United Kingdom.
The functions that the inspector oversees matter to everybody the length and breadth of this country, and we will make that appointment as soon as we can.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
I extend my thanks to your office and to the Clerks for preparing for this point of order.
On  Friday 1 March , during the debate on the Conversion Practices (Prohibition) Bill,  the hon.
Member for Rutland and Melton (Alicia Kearns)  spoke of the need for LGBT Members and staff to feel safe coming to work in this place.