Does the Minister propose to follow up on any of the issues that the chief inspector raised?
The right hon.
Lady should know that that is an area we have been very concerned about.
The issue of unaccompanied asylum-seeking children should never, ever be the subject of a game.
I think all of us were horrified to hear about that incident, and following those inspection findings, the Department launched an immediate investigation into the inappropriate behaviour of the support worker, who was removed from site immediately and did not return.
As I have said, all seven hotels used to accommodate unaccompanied asylum-seeking children have since closed.
The Department has taken the recommendations seriously, and there is a lot of learning there for the future as we take forward our work, including our wider work with local authorities on safeguarding the most vulnerable children.
I welcome the Minister’s earlier assurance about Afghans who fought with or otherwise supported our troops against the Taliban.
Can he explain, for the benefit of those of us not au fait with the details of this dispute, for what reason these reports were not published earlier, and at what level the decision not to publish was taken?
Had they been published sooner, would the inspector have been out of a job, and would we have been looking for a replacement?
We have gone into the termination of the inspector’s appointment before in this House: he lost the confidence of the Home Secretary, and information was shared in the media that ought not to have been shared; it was confidential, and outside the appropriate publication process.
On the publication of reports, I cannot speak to earlier decisions made under previous Ministers, but I said very clearly on a number of occasions that we would get on and respond to the reports, and that is precisely what we have done.
I also reassure the House today—I think this is important, and that the House is interested in this point—that we will respond to the reports within eight weeks.
That arguably lives up to both the letter and spirit of the commitment that James Brokenshire made all those years ago, when he held this role.
These reports are, cumulatively, a remarkable catalogue of past failings, but may I invite the Minister to look ahead?
He has referred to the Rwanda scheme; does he agree that the incoming independent inspector must be allowed to examine the workings of that scheme, and that it should not be implemented unless and until the next inspector has given it a satisfactory bill of health?
It will of course be for the next inspector to decide on their programme of work, but I disagree with the right hon.
Gentleman on his latter point.
I would argue that lives are at stake, and that every day that people lose their lives in the channel is one day too many.
We are making progress on seeing through our commitment to put an end to these channel crossings, but the Rwanda policy is absolutely front and centre; it is the next piece of the jigsaw when it comes to putting these evil criminal gangs out of business, and we should not wait any longer than is absolutely necessary to get on and deliver on that work.
The Rwanda policy has cost over £500 million —an approximate cost of £2 million for each individual the Government are seeking to transport to Rwanda.
Will the Bill ever be implemented, and is it good value for the taxpayer?
I hear a lot of criticism there, but no constructive suggestion on what the hon.
Gentleman would do in the absence of the Rwanda policy.
As I have said, we engage properly and thoroughly with the National Audit Office on the figures, and we continue to be committed to providing transparency around those figures through the annual report and accounts.