I hear a lot of criticism there, but no constructive suggestion on what the hon.
Gentleman would do in the absence of the Rwanda policy.
As I have said, we engage properly and thoroughly with the National Audit Office on the figures, and we continue to be committed to providing transparency around those figures through the annual report and accounts.
The Rwanda policy is an important part of our answer when it comes to putting an end to these criminal gangs and the terrible criminality that they oversee.
Crucially, this is about saving lives, and we will get on and deliver the policy.
He will, no doubt, have the opportunity in the next few weeks to vote for that Bill, and so help us to operationalise that policy and put those evil criminal gangs out of business.
The borders inspectorate found that staff working in a Home Office-run hotel made unaccompanied asylum-seeking children play a disgraceful game to find out which child was next to be placed in foster care, a practice certain to cause more distress to already traumatised children.
The same report found that agency workers employed to look after children as young as nine had insufficient background checks and training.
What has the Minister done to ensure that he understands the full extent of the risks to children in the asylum system, and what steps is he taking to end such disgraceful practices, and to guarantee that everyone working with children is properly vetted and trained?
The hon.
Lady is right to say that everybody working with children has to be properly vetted.
We have taken seriously the recommendations that Mr Neal made in response to that issue.
As I said to  the right hon.
Member for Hackney North and Stoke Newington (Ms Abbott) , this was a terrible situation.
There was accountability in relation to the individual who thought it appropriate to play that game, which was, to any Member of this House and any right-minded person, abhorrent.
The hon.
Member for Dulwich and West Norwood (Helen Hayes)  is right to say that we are talking about children in difficult circumstances who have been through an awful lot.
All those individuals—I would use the word “professionals”—have a responsibility to care for those children, and to behave in an appropriate way befitting their role.
There are no longer any unaccompanied asylum-seeking children in hotels open under the Home Office’s remit, but there is value in the recommendations, which should carry through into the work that we do with local authorities.
The Independent Anti-Slavery Commissioner, Dame Sara Thornton, raised concerns about Government policy on trafficking and slavery.
Her contract was not renewed, and that crucial post was vacant for 16 months.
David Neal, as the ICIBI, raised concerns about immigration, and he was sacked.
That post will be vacant for months.
The Minister has said that independent scrutiny plays an important role, but does he not agree that under this Government, independent scrutiny is not only not valued, but becoming a sackable offence?
I have been clear with the House about the basis on which Mr Neal’s contract was terminated.
I do not think it was appropriate for him to share confidential information in the way he did; it was outside the process for publication.
However, as I have said repeatedly, we want to get on and appoint a successor.
The chief inspector of borders and immigration has an important role and remit; the House and the Government see value in it.
We are looking at what can be done to bridge the gap in the absence of a full-time, permanent chief inspector.
We will no doubt say more once that work has been concluded.
As chair of the all-party parliamentary group for Africa, I met David Neal a number of times.
He was incredibly impressive, robust, well-informed, all over the detail, and entirely independent.