Our £11.5 billion affordable housing programme will deliver thousands of affordable homes for both rent and purchase right across the country.
The levelling-up White Paper committed to increasing the supply of social rented homes, and a large number of the new homes delivered through our affordable homes programme will be for social rent.
In Bolton, 20,000 people are on a housing waiting list.
There is an 18-month wait for a three-bedroom house and, on average, 800 to 900 people apply for each home that comes up.
Families are often referred to the private rented sector, which they are not able to afford—we know that rents are sky high.
After 14 years of this Tory Government failing to build affordable homes, will the Minister now apologise to my constituents who are stuck in temporary accommodation?
The hon.
Lady mentions the last 14 years.
Well, since 2010, we have delivered over 696,000 new affordable homes, including over 482,000 affordable homes for rent, of which 172,000 are for social rent.
We are committed to building more homes for people like her constituents.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
On Friday, at the convention of the north, I was delighted to confirm enhanced devolution deals for the Liverpool city region, West Yorkshire and South Yorkshire and additional investment in Blackpool, Sheffield and Blackburn.
That includes £1.5 million for Tony’s Empress Ballroom, which—as you know, Mr Speaker—is an iconic northern soul dance hall.
I look forward to visiting it with you and the shadow Secretary of State soon.
On the dancefloor tonight!
A constituent recently came to my surgery with her seven-year-old son to show some appalling photographs of the private rented accommodation in which they live.
The little boy asked me whether he is going to die because of the thick mould in his bedroom.
Given the housing ombudsman’s recent remarks, particularly emphasising the link between housing conditions and health, what urgent action will the Secretary of State take to address the appalling situation in the private rented sector?
We will shortly say more about the decent homes standard and the extension of the ombudsman’s powers to deal with precisely the sort of situation that the hon.
Lady raises.
My local housing association, Flagship Newtide, has sold off three more homes in Aldeburgh at auction since the last Levelling Up, Housing and Communities questions.
However, it is failing to take action on the antisocial behaviour that is affecting several of my constituents in Saxmundham.
What powers can we apply to make sure that people who do the right thing and want to live peacefully in their home are not surrounded by people who deal drugs, breed illegal pets and make other people’s lives a misery?
Tackling antisocial behaviour is a priority for this Government, which is why we have published our antisocial behaviour action plan, backed with £160 million of new funding.
We have committed to a “three strikes and you’re out” ASB policy, and landlords will be expected to evict tenants whose behaviour is disruptive to neighbours.
My right hon.
Friend will be pleased to know that, from  1 April , the social housing regulator will require registered providers of social housing to work with the appropriate local authority, the Department, the police and other relevant organisations to tackle antisocial behaviour.
I call the shadow Minister.
This week’s Budget will be a big one for young people—16 and 17-year-olds—who are starting work or making important education choices, yet they currently have no say on  who will be the next Government.
We on the Opposition Benches believe in our young people.
Will the Government act now to give 16 and 17-year-olds a say in the next general election?
The hon.
Lady makes a case for lowering the voting age—one that I do not support and the Government do not support.
The age of 18 is seen as the age of maturity in this country and many others across the world.