(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for the Home Office if he will make a statement on the publication of 13 reports by the former independent chief inspector of borders and immigration on  29 February  and how the inspectorate will now operate in the absence of a chief inspector or deputy?
We recognise that independent scrutiny, such as that provided by the independent chief inspector of borders and immigration, plays an important role in ensuring that we have an effective immigration system.
In January, the Home Secretary made a promise to the former chief inspector to publish all overdue reports as soon as possible, which I repeated in the House last month in response to an earlier urgent question.
Last Thursday, we delivered on that promise by publishing all 13 reports that were outside the eight-week commitment to review and respond.
We take ICIBI reports seriously and we do not wait until publication to act on its findings.
Indeed, some of the reports’ recommendations have now been implemented and work is ongoing across the Department to implement others.
That includes action to strengthen border security and improve the system for processing asylum claims.
The final two reports from the former chief inspector will be published in the established eight-week period.
There is no requirement for a chief inspector to be in place for that to happen, but the process of appointing his replacement is under way, with the advert going live the day after the former chief inspector had his appointment terminated.
An appointment will be made following robust competition, in accordance with the governance code on public appointments.
In addition, we are looking at options to appoint an interim chief inspector.
We will, of course, update the House on the outcome of the appointment processes.
We will also continue working with the right hon.
Lady’s Home Affairs Committee in relation to these matters.
The security and effectiveness of the UK border is of paramount importance.
The Government recognise that, which is why we have taken wide-ranging action to tackle illegal migration and reform our asylum system.
Our efforts are paying off, but there is more to do.
We will never compromise on this.
We will always put the safety and interests of the British people first.
I agree with the Minister that the role of the independent chief inspector of borders and immigration provides indispensable scrutiny of vital Home Office functions.
On  Tuesday 20 February , the Home Secretary sacked David Neal.
Eight days later, the Home Office published 13 of the 15 reports that the chief inspector had submitted during his tenure, none of which had been published within the agreed eight-week deadline following receipt.
The reports raise multiple serious concerns about the Home Office’s handling of border security and immigration operations.
Will the Minister confirm what action is being taken to address the report findings that the protection  of borders at airports is “neither effective nor efficient”, with border posts being left unstaffed?
What steps will the Minister take to remedy the serious failures identified in attempts to discover illegal goods at airports?
Does the Minister accept the conclusion that attempting to clear the legacy backlog at all costs
“has led to perverse outcomes for claimants and staff”,
with quality assurance “sacrificed for increased productivity”?
With the new chief inspector not expected to be in post for six to nine months, and with no deputy to step up and exercise statutory responsibilities, will the Minister explain exactly how the inspectorate will operate during that period?
Is all inspection work now on hold, and what happens to the inspectorate’s 30-plus members of staff?
Last week, David Neal told the Select Committee of his concerns regarding Wethersfield asylum accommodation centre relating to suicide, violence and the lack of expertise to manage the situation.
Will the Minister now agree to the Committee’s request to visit Wethersfield?