Sadly, it is the case at the moment that we do not have Conservative MPs in Leeds or Bradford, but we know that the Labour marginal seats in Leeds and Bradford, and of course the marginal seat of Huddersfield, will very soon have Conservative representation.
What the eligibility criteria for the community ownership fund are.
What the eligibility criteria for the community ownership fund are.
The £150 million community ownership fund is open to voluntary and community organisations or parish, town and community councils from all parts of the United Kingdom that have a viable plan for taking ownership of a community asset at risk and running it sustainably for community benefit.
So far, we have awarded £71 million to 257 community projects, including £1 million to Gigg Lane, the home of Bury FC.
Detailed guidance on the criteria is available in the prospectus on gov.uk.
Silsden Methodist church in my constituency has not been used for worship for some time, but it is a really important community space, where a wide range of community groups meet regularly.
Sadly, I understand that the Methodist Church may now sell the building, threatening the future of these groups, but Silsden Parish Council has managed to have the building listed as an asset of community value.
Could my hon.
Friend tell me whether the community ownership fund might be a suitable source of funding to secure the future of the building, or which other funds the parish council should be looking at?
It sounds as though the church is eligible, but I am happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss eligibility further.
Applicants can bid for up to £2 million in capital funding from the community ownership fund, with additional revenue funding available, but in the first instance I would recommend that interested applicants read the prospectus on gov.uk, as this will cover all they need to know regarding eligibility requirements, funding available and the application process.
Would my hon.
Friend consider amending the criteria for community ownership fund applications to include the potential community purchase of redundant council assets?
It would bring back to life many publicly owned buildings and spaces that are currently serving no purpose or are underused.
I thank my hon.
Friend for his advocacy for the fund and for his constituents in Bury.
The community ownership fund works alongside existing community asset transfers and supports them by funding the costs of renovation and refurbishment.
We cannot fund the cost of purchasing publicly owned assets where the public authority would credit a capital receipt, except in the case of parish, town and community councils, but I am happy to meet him to discuss this issue further.
In many communities in Westmorland, the pub is the centre of the community and is often under threat.
In some cases, the local pub—such as The Ship Inn in Sandside—has closed down altogether.
The community ownership fund is clearly a very good way of allowing the community to bring such businesses back into public use, but does the fund allow communities to go through the process of compulsory purchase, so that a building can be taken from an owner who is unwilling to sell and made useful again for the local community?
I think the CPO process is probably a bit too lengthy for the fund itself, but I am happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman to discuss the project directly.
We are very happy to help fund community pubs through the community ownership fund.
The Citizens theatre in Glasgow is a much-beloved institution and has been undergoing refurbishment for several years.
It has had a range of funding from Glasgow City Council, the Scottish Government and Historic Environment Scotland, but, due to inflation and various measures, it still requires additional funding to make up the balance   and complete its really significant refurbishment programme.
Is the community ownership fund something that the Citizens theatre might be able to avail itself of?