The hon.
Lady makes a case for lowering the voting age—one that I do not support and the Government do not support.
The age of 18 is seen as the age of maturity in this country and many others across the world.
It seems to have served us pretty well up to now and I see no particular reason to change it.
Will the Minister join me in congratulating South Staffordshire Council on serving an enforcement notice to rebuild the Crooked House pub?
Will he also look favourably at measures I will be bringing forward to ensure that heritage pubs are better protected, because, as he will know, the Crooked House and many others have had no protections at all?
My hon.
Friend makes an important argument, and the case of the Crooked House reinforces what he has long campaigned for: better protection for heritage pubs.
I look forward to working with him and Lord Mendoza to achieve just that.
The Secretary of State is a strong supporter of green urban spaces, so will he urgently meet me to discuss the ancient Haven Green, which is currently under threat and on which he is due to make a decision soon?
Obviously, I cannot speak to the hon.
Lady about specific planning applications.
I do cherish urban green spaces, but I also cherish more homes being built in London.
It would be regrettable if she were to be a blocker, not a builder.
Since my election, I have urged Wolverhampton City Council to focus on city centre living, to bring footfall back to our city centre.
What more can the Government do on that?
I am delighted that the council is now changing its plans, but how can we get upper storeys converted as well, to really bring that footfall back?
My hon.
Friend is a brilliant champion for Wolverhampton and for Wulfrunians everywhere.
In particular, she has been the single most effective voice in attracting investment to the heart of Wolverhampton.
She is right to say that, as well as commercial investment, we need new residential opportunities, and our extension of permitted development rights should provide just that.
Will the Minister for the Union tell me what discussions he has had with devolved Administrations, and with the Chancellor, on the very important matter of infected blood compensation?
Does he recognise the frustration and dismay from many campaigners at the delays?
They have waited almost a year since Sir Brian Langstaff reported on his compensation framework.
The hon.
Gentleman raises a very important point.
Those who have suffered as a result of the infected blood scandal are, of course, in the forefront of our minds.
This is directly a Cabinet Office responsibility, but I know from my time there how seriously the Ministers charged with that responsibility take it.
I will talk to them and update the devolved Administrations on progress towards appropriate compensation.
The Government are to be commended for taking through the first leasehold reforms for 20 years, but as the Bill now goes to the Lords, will Ministers go further and agree: first, to empower the 3 million to 4 million people trapped on fleecehold estates; and, secondly, to fundamentally end this scammy, dodgy, corrupt model once and for all?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point about making sure that we strike the right balance.
We have brought forward significant reforms in the Bill, but I am happy to continue to talk to him and other Members who are interested.
The Government continue to look at what more can be done.
Last week we saw, for a second year running, rough sleeping numbers up by more than a quarter—that is a lot of people to criminalise if the Criminal Justice Bill remains unamended.
More than 100,000 households, including 140,000 children, find themselves stuck in temporary accommodation, yet the mere mention of temporary accommodation sees Ministers pivot away from the subject entirely.