We will no doubt say more once that work has been concluded.
As chair of the all-party parliamentary group for Africa, I met David Neal a number of times.
He was incredibly impressive, robust, well-informed, all over the detail, and entirely independent.
It beggars belief that the Government ignored his reports for so long—publication is essential for scrutiny—sacked him over Teams, and dumped all the reports out at once.
Does the Minister believe that the Home Office is so perfect, and that everything is going so well, that it should be above scrutiny?
Or is it more the case that everything is going so badly, including on Rwanda, the asylum backlog and our border security, that there is no hope of improvement until we have a change of Government?
That is an interesting observation, but what sits behind it, I am afraid, is a lack of policy and a lack of an alternative, credible approach to borders and immigration.
Mr Neal said this in response to the reports being laid before Parliament last week:
“I think it’s a real positive that these reports have been published.
I think it bodes well that the home secretary has gripped his officials in getting these reports published so quickly”.
I agree with him.
I promised that we would lay those reports before Parliament; we have got on and done it, and we will table the outstanding reports within the eight-week window, moving forward.
Last week’s figures showed 46,000 people still in asylum hotels.
David Neal’s report said:
“There is no evidence of a Home Office strategy to end hotel use, as recommended by ICIBI in 2022.”
He is right, is he not?
I am afraid that what is right is that the hon.
Lady consistently votes against the strategy to end the use of hotels, as do her colleagues on the Opposition Front Bench and Back Benches.
The way to address the issue of hotels is: to diversify the accommodation offer; to ensure that local authority areas engage properly with dispersed accommodation—I encourage all Members of this House to take an interest in the performance of their local authority—and to bring into being larger sites, such as those that we have brought forward.
Crucially, we have to reduce the flow of people coming across the channel and arriving in our country illegally.
Every time Opposition Members have the chance to do something about the flow of people arriving, which undoubtedly leads to the pressures that she touches on, they refuse to do so.
That is where the scandal really lies.
Is the Government’s failure to tackle the asylum backlog, the Minister’s inability to grapple with the asylum hotel issue, or the staggering cost of the Rwanda deal, at £2 million per person taken out of this country, the reason why the Minister has broken the Home Office budget, and will come to Parliament cap in hand next week, asking for an extra £5.5 billion of funding for the Home Office?
I am afraid that the hon.
Member is yet another Opposition Member with no credible alternative to speak of—just lots of complaints about the work that the Government are doing.
We are making progress.
As I have said, last year, the number of people who arrived via the channel was down by a third compared to the year before.
The population accommodated in hotels is going down, and the number of hotels open is reducing.
Five billion pounds.
The Government are making progress.
We are living up to the commitments—
Five billion pounds.
The hon.
Member can keep parroting figures and chuntering from the Back Benches, but I would rather he came forward with a credible alternative plan.
Perhaps then we could have a conversation.
The shambles that is the ongoing mismanagement of our borders and the Government mismanagement of the huge asylum backlog, which was just referred to, is now enhanced by the additional shambles of an unnecessary interregnum.