The Government continue to look at what more can be done.
Last week we saw, for a second year running, rough sleeping numbers up by more than a quarter—that is a lot of people to criminalise if the Criminal Justice Bill remains unamended.
More than 100,000 households, including 140,000 children, find themselves stuck in temporary accommodation, yet the mere mention of temporary accommodation sees Ministers pivot away from the subject entirely.
This should be a source of shame for this Government.
So where is the national plan to end all forms of homelessness?
I sincerely hope it is not in the same place as the Government’s plan for ending section 21 evictions.
This Government have a clear plan that we introduced last year: ending rough sleeping for good.
We announced £2 billion behind it and the figure is now £2.4 billion.
We are giving unprecedented amounts of money to this very important task.
Haden Hill leisure centre in my constituency is to be part rebuilt and part refurbished by a £20 million investment from the levelling-up fund.
Does the Minister agree that the Department needs to continue to be engaged with the local authority, which is appointing contractors, to make sure that this project gets delivered on time and on budget?
My hon.
Friend is a fantastic champion for his constituents.
I am happy to meet him to discuss the delays as soon as we can.
The project adjustment process is available to the council if it needs to use it.
In 2010, total wealth per head in the north of England was 16% lower than in the rest of England.
Last week, the Institute for Public Policy Research released a report that estimated that by 2030, this gap will have grown to 21%.
Can the Secretary of State confirm that this Government’s policies have achieved levelling up?
I was delighted to be in West Yorkshire on Friday outlining the additional investment that we are making in that region.
The agreement that we have reached with the Mayor of West Yorkshire, Tracy Brabin, will see significant additional funds going in to help with housing, adult skills and transport, all of which will contribute to a revolution in devolution that has occurred under this Conservative Government.
Rural areas are particularly vulnerable to the high energy costs we have seen in the last two years.
They are 150% more vulnerable to fuel poverty.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that councils on the frontline of high rural costs are seeing a spate of homelessness?
Great councils, such as Breckland Council in my patch, are now spending 50% of their net budget on relief.
Would he support me in urging the Chancellor to increase that relief in the Budget on Wednesday?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
We are concentrating on ensuring we can level up the north and the midlands, but we also need to recognise that levelling up encompasses making sure that those in rural areas, who contribute so much to the life of our nation, are supported through the challenges that the cost of living crisis has generated.
Will the Minister advise me how many people took up the offer of the former help to buy ISA scheme?
Has another such scheme been considered to allow young people to get on the seemingly impossible first rung of the property ladder?
As a Government, we continue to bring forward as many interventions as we can to support young people to get on the housing ladder.
Some 800,000 first-time buyers have managed to do that since 2010.
I am happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman to talk more about the points he has made.
Today, the Charity Commission issued new guidance for charities that refuse to accept donations.
That comes after the Royal National Lifeboat Institution turned down a donation from Dungarvan Foxhounds Supporters Club in the Republic of Ireland.