Is all inspection work now on hold, and what happens to the inspectorate’s 30-plus members of staff?
Last week, David Neal told the Select Committee of his concerns regarding Wethersfield asylum accommodation centre relating to suicide, violence and the lack of expertise to manage the situation.
Will the Minister now agree to the Committee’s request to visit Wethersfield?
The Committee last week published the 10 changes that David Neal thinks need to be made to improve the effectiveness of the inspectorate, including the power to publish its own reports, creating a deputy position, and providing access to commercial contracts entered into by the Home Office.
Does the Minister have any plans to implement any of those recommendations?
Finally, will he comment on the joint letter sent by seven national home affairs editors complaining about the decision to publish a slew of Home Office reports on the same day as the Sarah Everard report?
I am grateful to the Chair of the Home Affairs Committee not only for asking those various questions but for the opportunity to respond to today’s urgent question.
It is rather surprising that Ministers are being criticised for doing precisely what they said they would do.
I was pressed a couple of times on when the reports would be published.
I said that it would happen soon.
I subsequently said that it would happen very soon, and that commitment was fulfilled.
I give the right hon.
Lady this undertaking, because this issue is important and I care about it, as I know she does: the two outstanding reports will be responded to in full and in the proper way within the eight-week window.
I refer back to the commitment that my late friend James Brokenshire made to the House.
She will appreciate that I came back to the Department in December.
I would argue that we have made progress in publishing the reports.
I assure the House that the existing reports that have not yet been responded to will be dealt with within the eight-week window.
We will return to that approach in dealing with these matters, which is the right thing to do.
On the recommendations in the various reports, we have obviously responded to those reports.
A number of recommendations have been accepted, a number have been progressed, and a number have been completed.
The reports speak for themselves, and give an indication of the direction of travel that we intend to take.
We also want to engage with the next inspector regarding that performance, to ensure that they have an important role in overseeing the delivery of the commitments that we have made in response to the issues that were understandably raised in the reports.
General aviation falls within the reports that are still to be responded to.
As I say, that will happen within the eight-week window.
I undertake to fulfil that commitment.
On the asylum backlog, it is fair to say that there has been pressure from this House to get on and process asylum claims.
I would argue that the teams have done remarkable work in delivering on the commitment to get on and process the legacy backlog.
There has been much learning along the way, which we will take forward into future processing.
There will be increased sampling in the way that the inspector recommended, as well as improvements to IT.
Arrangements for the ICIBI functions in this period are under consideration.
The Minister for Countering Illegal Migration is the lead on that aspect of the Department’s work.
I know that Ministers will update the House accordingly.
I am happy to consider the request from the Home Affairs Committee to visit Wethersfield.