The Minister for Countering Illegal Migration is the lead on that aspect of the Department’s work.
I know that Ministers will update the House accordingly.
I am happy to consider the request from the Home Affairs Committee to visit Wethersfield.
One of the most frustrating things about all of this is that if Mr Neal had not gone to the media in the way that he did and put that information into the public domain in a way that was in breach of the terms of the agreement that he had with the Department to take on this capacity, he would still be in post and would be able to engage in the dialogue this week.
To follow up on some specific questions from the Chair of the Home Affairs Committee that the Minister did not pick up on, is it not the case that David Neal was dismissed by Teams call by a civil servant?
Why was he not afforded the courtesy of seeing a Minister?
Is it not also the case that, despite the recruitment process having started last November, no suitable candidates came forward and the post had to be readvertised at a higher salary?
Thirdly, the Minister has not mentioned anything about how the inspectorate actually operates.
Is it not the case that the 30 civil servants are unable to carry on their work on the reports they are currently working on, unable to carry out any inspections, unable to pick up the schedule of reports that has been programmed, and unable to comment on any responses to the reports?
Finally, can the Minister assure me that there were no redactions and nothing was removed from the 13 reports published en masse last week, because there is no inspector or deputy inspector to challenge the contents of the reports that have been put into the public domain?
On my hon.
Friend’s final point, I will go away and check, and I will write to him.
This is clearly an important function.
The recruitment process was restarted the day after Mr Neal left the role.
We are keen to make progress in appointing a new independent chief inspector of borders and immigration, and I encourage people to put themselves forward.
It is an important role, and the Government value it.
The relationship with the ICIBI will be in the terms that I set out: it will get on and publish reports within the eight-week framework for the existing workload.
We will continue to work constructively with it when Mr Neal’s successor is appointed.
The second permanent secretary is engaging with the administrative team at the ICIBI, and we are looking at what can be done in the interim to bridge the gap between Mr Neal leaving and the new inspector taking post.
I call the shadow Home Secretary.
We think of the family and friends of the seven-year-old who lost her life in the channel this weekend.
It matters more than ever that we stop the criminal gangs and dangerous crossings that are undermining border security and putting so many lives at risk.
The Tory Home Secretary has shamefully tried to bury or hide 13 inspectorate reports and one National Audit Office report with damning revelations about Britain’s borders, and now he has gone into hiding himself.
He should be doing a statement on those reports, which show shocking border security failures, including border and customs posts not staffed.
In one airport, the inspectorate was told,
“customs is shut down for the summer”.
It found that equipment was
“either broken, not available, or untrusted”,
and that there was
“a lack of anti-smuggling capability”.
Mr Neal said that
“protection of the border is neither effective nor efficient”.
Will the Minister tell us how many times customs and border posts have gone unstaffed this year?
Does he even know?
How many high-risk private flights were not checked in person?
How long will there be no inspector in post?