Thirdly, the Government will shortly be publishing the “Get Britain Working” White Paper, tackling the root causes of inactivity with an integrated approach across health, education and welfare, and we will provide £240 million for 16 trailblazer projects, targeted at those who are economically inactive and most at risk of being out of education, employment or training, to get people into work and reduce the benefits bill.
Before a Government can consider any change to a tax rate or threshold, they must ensure that people pay what they already owe.
We will invest to modernise His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs systems using the very best technology, and recruit additional HMRC compliance and debt staff.
We will clamp down on the umbrella companies that exploit workers, increase the interest rate on unpaid tax debt to ensure that people pay on time, and go after the promoters of tax avoidance schemes.
Those measures to reduce the tax gap raise £6.5 billion by the end of the forecast, and I thank the Exchequer Secretary to the Treasury for his outstanding work on that agenda.
I know that for working people up and down our country, family finances are stretched and pay cheques do not go as far as they once did, so today I am taking steps to support people with the cost of living.
It was the Labour Government who introduced the national minimum wage in 1999.
That had a transformative impact on the lives of working people.
As promised in our manifesto, we asked the Low Pay Commission to take account of the cost of living for the first time.
I  can confirm that we will accept the commission’s recommendation to increase the national living wage by 6.7% to £12.21 an hour, worth up to £1,400 a year for a full-time worker.
And, for the first time, we will move towards a single adult rate, phased in over time by initially increasing the national minimum wage for 18 to 20-year-olds by 16.3%, as recommended by the Low Pay Commission, taking it to £10 an hour—a Labour policy to protect working people, being delivered by a Labour Government once again.
Secondly, I have heard representations from colleagues across this House, including my hon.
Friends the Members for Shipley (Anna Dixon) and for Scarborough and Whitby (Alison Hume), and  the right hon.
Member for Kingston and Surbiton (Ed Davey) , about the carer’s allowance and the impact of the current policy on carers who are looking to increase the hours that they work.
Carer’s allowance currently provides up to £81.90 per week to help those with additional caring responsibilities.
Today, I can confirm that we are increasing the weekly earnings limit to the equivalent of 16 hours at the national living wage per week—the largest increase in the carer’s allowance since it was introduced in 1976.
That means that a carer can now earn over £10,000 a year while receiving carer’s allowance, allowing them to increase their hours where they want to, and keep more of their money.
I am also concerned about the cliff edge in the current system and the issue of overpayments.
My right hon.
Friend the Work and Pensions Secretary has announced an independent review to look at the issue of overpayments, and we will work across the House to develop the right solutions.
Thirdly, we will provide £1 billion from next year to extend the household support fund and discretionary housing payments to help those facing financial hardship with the cost of essentials.
Fourthly, having heard representations from the Joseph Rowntree Foundation,  the Trussell Trust and others, I will reduce the level of debt repayments that can be taken from a household’s universal credit payment each month from 25% to 15% of their standard allowance.