The hon.
Member for Na h-Eileanan an Iar (Torcuil Crichton) , who is in his place, has said:
“When it comes to immigration policy one size does not fit all.
It shouldn’t be beyond us to devise ways to attract more people to work and settle here.”
Will the Minister confirm that the Scottish and UK Governments should work together, and will he commit to a meeting between the Governments so that we can take forward the idea of more migration to Scotland, which the Labour party committed to and we committed to, and business is crying out for?
We have committed to Scottish representation on the Migration Advisory Committee, which would go a long way to dealing with these issues, but it is for the Scottish Government to do things like build houses in areas where we need more migration in order to encourage people to come to live in Scotland.
Whether he has had discussions with the Scottish Government on the criteria for assessing the potential impact of planning applications for offshore wind near UNESCO world heritage sites.
Scotland is rightly proud of its six world heritage sites.
As the hon.
Gentleman will appreciate, responsibility for planning decisions for large-scale energy projects  in Scotland rests with Scottish Government Ministers.
The UK Government work closely with the Scottish Government to deliver for Scotland, while respecting devolution.
I meet regularly with my Scottish Government counterparts on these issues.
I call Gregory Campbell.
I thank—[Interruption.]
I thank the Secretary of State for his reply.
In any discussions he has, will he take account of the fact that I have written to UNESCO about the potential for a huge offshore wind farm very close to the Giant’s Causeway and the UNESCO world heritage site there?
The Communities  Minister in Northern Ireland has also met UNESCO.
Will the Secretary of State make representations to ensure that all considerations are taken account of, so that people know the problems that may compromise that world heritage site?
I am glad that the hon.
Member has not lost any of his popularity in the House.
It would be inappropriate for me to comment on planning decisions for large-scale energy projects in Scotland, as it is a devolved responsibility.
I recognise the importance of considering the protection of local assets when developing renewable projects, particularly at cherished world heritage sites.
I wish to remind the House that, following the horrendous, terrible incident in Southport on  29 July , a suspect is awaiting trial, having been charged with multiple offences.
That means that the House’s sub judice resolution is engaged, and references should not be made to the case.
I know that all hon.
Members wish to see justice done in this case.
It is therefore paramount that nothing is said in this House that could potentially prejudice a proper trial or lead to it being abandoned.
I know it can be frustrating when we see reports in the media of matters that we are not free to discuss here, but that arises from Parliament’s constitutional relationship with the courts.
More importantly, at the heart of this case are three young girls.
We all want justice to be done for them and their families, and for others injured in and affected by this appalling incident.
Speculation about the case, including comments made in this House, could seriously risk prejudicing proceedings.
I know that none of us would ever wish to do that.
Therefore, it would be wrong of me to exercise a waiver in this case.
Members should not refer to it, or risk prejudicing it.
I understand that Members have legitimate questions about the circumstances surrounding this case.
No doubt, they will want Ministers to commit to come to the House and answer those questions once the legal proceedings have concluded.
I give my assurance that I will ensure ample opportunities to do so.
My understanding is that the trial is expected to start in January.