Well-paid jobs are at the heart of our modern industrial strategy, which is complemented by our plan to make work pay.
Our strategy is clear: as a Government, we are pro-business and pro-worker.
The new industrial strategy  identifies creative industries as a key sector for UK growth.
My constituency is a popular setting for film and TV productions, including the Lockerbie film and “Outlander”, as well as hosting the Pyramids studios.
As film and TV make an increasingly important contribution to my constituency’s economy, what steps are the Government taking to support investment in the creative industries in my constituency?
My hon.
Friend mentions “Outlander”, which was filmed in Bathgate and Linlithgow, as well as the Lockerbie bombing film starring Colin Firth.
The film “Damaged” is in production there.
It stars Samuel L. Jackson—I hope he did a few leaflets for her while he was in her constituency.
The creative industries are a jewel in Scotland and the UK’s crown, and there is the independent film tax credit announced earlier this week by my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport.
Films with distinct homegrown content and talent meet the criteria for that new relief.
Productions eligible for the tax break must have a UK writer or director, or be certified as an official UK co-production.
That shows that this Government are determined to back our creative industries, and to continue to grow our film and TV industries.
Does the Secretary of State share my anger and disappointment that the SNP Scottish Government dogmatically continue to block new nuclear developments in Scotland, depriving my constituency of important jobs and economic prospects?
What can  he do through the industrial strategy to ensure that we at least take advantage of decommissioning and supply chain opportunities?
I have never known the right hon.
Gentleman to be angry or disappointed, but I share his anger and disappointment.
This Government back our industry.
Nuclear will be a major part of the energy mix going forward, and we need to ensure that we have the right balance.
GB Energy has been set up, and the related Bill passed Third Reading yesterday.
I am disappointed that neither he nor the SNP voted for it, but that is the vehicle through which we will take these issues forward.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on supporting economic growth in Scotland.
I welcome my hon.
Friend to his place.
The Budget, which will be announced by my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor shortly, will herald a new era of investment and growth in Scotland.
In our first 100 days, we announced the headquarters of GB Energy in Aberdeen, launched the national wealth fund and announced the biggest upgrade of workers’ rights in a generation.
Newcastle-under-Lyme is home to many people who left Scotland to build a life, such as my constituent Lee-Bernadette Walford.
Can the Secretary of State outline how resetting the relationship between the UK and Scottish Governments is important for economic growth up and down our United Kingdom?
We do not agree with the Scottish Government on everything—or, indeed, very much at all—but Scots expect us to work together to produce results, and that is what we have tried to do.
Yesterday I had my regular meeting with the Deputy First Minister, and this morning I spoke to the Finance Secretary ahead of the Budget.
Economic growth is a key area, and I am delighted to highlight shared work on energy, our bringing the Commonwealth games to Glasgow, and the jointly funded £100-million package for the Falkirk and Grangemouth growth deal.
Our long- term economic strategy requires the Governments to work together.
The Prime Minister and the First Minister have been clear that that is what we are determined  to do.
The Secretary of State boasted of a £150-million investment fund, only to contradict himself, bizarrely, and say that no such figure existed.
Is this Scottish Schrödinger’s funding?