They had run out of road, and they called an election to avoid making difficult choices.
So let me make this promise to the British people: never again will we allow a Government to play fast and loose with the public finances and never again will we allow a Government to hide the true state of our public finances from our independent forecaster.
That is why I can  today confirm that we will implement in full the 10 recommendations from the independent Office for Budget Responsibility’s review.
The country has inherited not just broken public finances, but broken public services.
The British people can see and feel that in their everyday lives: NHS waiting lists at record levels; children in portacabins as school roofs crumble; trains that do not arrive; rivers filled with polluted waste; prisons overflowing; crimes that are not investigated; and criminals who are not punished.
That is the country’s inheritance from the Conservative Government.
They had no plan to improve our public services and they had no plan to put our public finances on a sustainable footing—quite the opposite.
Since 2021, there have been no detailed plans for departmental spending set out beyond this year, and the previous Government’s plans relied on a baseline for spending this year, which we now know was wrong because it did not take into account the £22 billion black hole.
They also failed to budget for costs that they knew would materialise, including funding for vital compensation schemes for victims of two terrible injustices—[Interruption.]
Order.
I have just spoken about respecting colleagues.
The public are watching, and they want to hear what the Chancellor has to say.
Simmer down.
I would politely suggest that hon.
Members listen to this, because it includes funding for vital compensation schemes for victims of two terrible injustices: the infected blood scandal and the Post Office Horizon scandal.
The Leader of the Opposition rightly made an unequivocal apology for the injustice of the infected blood scandal on behalf of the British state, but he did not budget for the costs of compensation.
Today, for the very first time, we will provide specific funding to compensate those infected and those affected in full, with £11.8 billion in this Budget.
I am also today setting aside £1.8 billion to compensate victims of the Post Office Horizon scandal—redress that is long overdue for the pain and injustice that they have suffered.
The leadership campaign for the Conservative party has now been going on for over three months, but in all that time there has been not one single apology for what they did to our country.
The Conservative party has not changed—but this is a changed Labour party and we will restore stability to our country once again.
The scale and seriousness of the situation that we have inherited cannot be underestimated.
Together, the hole in our public finances this year, which recurs every year, the compensation schemes that the previous Government did not fund, and their failure to assess the scale of the challenges facing our public services, means that this Budget raises taxes by £40 billion.
Any Chancellor standing here today would have to face this reality, and any responsible Chancellor would take action.
That is why today I am restoring stability to our public finances and rebuilding our public services.
As a former economist at the Bank of England, I know what it means to respect our economic institutions.
I put on record my thanks to the Governor of the Bank,   Andrew Bailey, and the independent Monetary Policy Committee.
Today, I can confirm that we will maintain the MPC’s target of 2% inflation, as measured by the 12-month increase in the consumer prices index.
I thank James Bowler, the permanent secretary to the Treasury, and my team of officials.
I also thank my predecessors as Chancellor of the Exchequer for their wise counsel as I have prepared for this Budget.