1 benefit to my hon.
Friend’s constituents in Airdrie and Shotts will be that they have him for their Member, championing them.
I am pleased  by his welcome for our approach.
Airdrie and Shotts has a rich industrial heritage, and a modern industrial strategy will reignite the industrial and technological potential in all our communities.
The national wealth fund and Great British Energy will help rebuild Scotland’s industrial base.
We want Scotland to be the most attractive part of the UK to invest in, and we will continue to work closely with the Scottish Government to make that a reality.
I could not put it better than my hon.
Friend did: pro-worker, pro-business and pro-growth—that is this Government.
Earlier this year, the UK Conservative Government promised a £20 million levelling-up partnership for my city of Dundee, for projects such as the university’s life sciences innovation district, a new campus for Dundee and Angus college, and the Dundee Museum of Transport.
Despite having written two letters in the last four months seeking assurances about the funding, I have so far not received a commitment to it, which raises concerns that Labour is about to renege on this commitment.
Can the Secretary of State assure me today that these projects and the £20 million for Dundee will be committed to in full?
The hon.
Gentleman will not have to wait long.
The Budget is in about an hour’s time, and the Chancellor will lay out all the spending plans in that Budget.
The biggest impact on his constituency of Dundee will of course be made by GB Energy, given what that will do to our green energy system; it makes me very surprised that nobody from the SNP voted to back the Bill last night.
What discussions he has had with the Secretary of State for Defence on the number of defence sector jobs in Scotland.
The Secretary of State has regular discussions with the Ministry of Defence on supporting Scotland’s defence sector, which makes a vital contribution to growth in both Scotland and the UK, and helps the UK remain safe in the face of current and future threats.
The Secretary of State was pleased to visit the Babcock site at Rosyth dockyard recently with my hon.
Friend, where he saw at first hand the fantastic work done there.
I thank my hon.
Friend for that reply, and I congratulate him on his debut at the Dispatch Box this morning.
As he mentioned, earlier this month the Secretary of State joined me on a visit to Rosyth dockyard in my constituency.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that the failure of the SNP to support the defence sector in recruiting the highly skilled workers it needs from my constituency and the rest of Fife is a damning indictment of the SNP’s commitment to the security and prosperity of the people of Scotland?
Will he reassure me that he will do all he can to ensure that the defence sector in Scotland contributes fully to the UK’s security and future economic growth?
My hon.
Friend has been a champion for the defence sector in his constituency since his election, and I commend him for that work.
I agree that it is  essential that any Government engage with the defence sector, not just because of the jobs created across Scotland, but because of the vital technology that the sector is developing.
There is a real opportunity to create and retain skilled work in Scotland, and all of us have a responsibility to promote that as much as possible.
I am happy to reassure my hon.
Friend that the Secretary of State for Scotland and the Government will continue to champion the defence and manufacturing sectors in Scotland.
What recent discussions he has had with the Chancellor of the Exchequer on funding for the arts in Scotland.