The Prime Minister and the First Minister have been clear that that is what we are determined  to do.
The Secretary of State boasted of a £150-million investment fund, only to contradict himself, bizarrely, and say that no such figure existed.
Is this Scottish Schrödinger’s funding?
Is it perhaps the levelling-up fund referred to by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Dundee Central (Chris Law) ?
I am surprised that the hon.
Gentleman was keen to ask a question, given that he did not apply for one in the shuffle—nor did any other SNP Member.
It is also surprising that he, with all his experience in the  House, wants to spend his time in this new Parliament defending the previous Tory Government’s reckless gambles with the economy.
Order.
I do not know whether the Chair of the Select Committee is standing or not.
Do you want to come in on this question?
Yes, thank you, Mr Speaker.
Does my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State agree that the Drumchapel levelling-up fund bid and the project that would follow from that would be a good way to promote the economic and social growth of the area?
My hon.
Friend has been a doughty campaigner for the Drumchapel project.
She will not have long to wait, as the Chancellor will come to the Dispatch Box shortly and announce the Budget.
I am hopeful that all these projects, including some of the anti-poverty projects that my hon.
Friend has championed for years in her constituency, come to pass.
When it comes to promoting economic growth in Scotland, it is clear that the best way to do that is from within this great United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
What is the Minister doing to make that happen, and to convince my SNP colleagues sat in front of me of the best way forward?
The best way to keep the United Kingdom together is to make sure that this is a successful UK Labour Government, and that is what we are determined to do.
May I point the hon.
Gentleman to the row in front of him?
There are nine SNP MPs left, and we  have 37 Scottish Labour MPs.
That is how we protect the Union.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
The Secretary of State said at the weekend that the Labour Budget
“will herald an era of growth for Scotland”,
but what is going to grow?
Is it the tax burden on hard-working Scots, the number of pensioners choosing between heating and eating because they have not got their winter fuel payments, or the number of Labour broken promises?
Or will we get all three this afternoon?
The hon.
Gentleman had a second opportunity to apologise for the Conservative party crashing the economy, and the dreadful £22-billion black hole that we inherited, which was hidden from the Office for Budget Responsibility.
I ask the shadow Secretary of State to reflect on that before he asks his questions.
Of course, he will not have long to wait to find out, as the Chancellor will be here shortly.
There were no answers in that response.
Not so long ago, the Secretary of State said that a national insurance rise would have “an enormous impact” on businesses.
He also said that
“under Labour, National Insurance wouldn’t go up”.
Tax rises, economic damage and broken promises—are this Labour Government not just the same as the SNP?
I thought the shadow Secretary of State was just describing his previous Government.
What recent discussions he has had with the Secretary of State for Business and Trade on supporting employment rights in Scotland.
My hon.
Friend will know that the House recently gave the Employment Rights Bill its Second Reading.
Shamefully, the Conservative party opposes the Bill, which is the biggest upgrade to workers’ rights in a generation.