No doubt, they will want Ministers to commit to come to the House and answer those questions once the legal proceedings have concluded.
I give my assurance that I will ensure ample opportunities to do so.
My understanding is that the trial is expected to start in January.
If Members have questions about the operation of and the decision on the sub judice resolution, they can speak to the Clerks and the Speaker’s Counsel.
In the meantime, our thoughts are with the family and friends of Bebe, Elsie and Alice, and all those who were injured and affected on that horrendous day.
The Prime Minister was asked—
Before I call the Prime Minister, I would like to mark the fact that this is the last time that  the right hon.
Member for Richmond and Northallerton (Rishi Sunak)  will appear at the Dispatch Box during Prime Minister’s questions—although he has a bit more to do afterwards.
He has spoken at the Dispatch Boxes as Chancellor of the Exchequer, Prime Minister and Leader of the Opposition.
After today, we all look forward to his continued contributions from the Back Benches.
We wish him and his family well in their future endeavours.
I thank him personally for our working relationship.
If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 30 October.
I wish everyone celebrating in the UK and around the world a joyful Diwali.
It is a time to come together to celebrate and focus on a brighter future.
Last Diwali, the Leader of the Opposition and his family lit the diyas outside No.
10 Downing Street.
It was a significant moment in our national story.
The first British Asian Prime Minister is a reminder that this is a country where people of every background can fulfil their dreams, and it makes us all proud to be British.
As you just mentioned, Mr Speaker, this is our last exchange across the Dispatch Boxes, so I want to take this opportunity to thank the Leader of the Opposition for his service.
We have had political disagreements and ideological differences, and we have argued at some length, but I want to thank him for his hard work, commitment and decency in everything he has done.
I, too, wish he and his family the very best for whatever the future may hold for them.
This morning, I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I will have further such meetings later today.
I would like to associate myself with the remarks made by the Prime Minister.
Cumbernauld in my constituency was promised an elective and diagnostic treatment centre by the Scottish Government in 2021.
This has continued to be delayed and is now alleged to be mothballed.
What assurances can the Prime Minister give me that any Barnett consequentials from today’s Budget will be used to benefit my constituents and not be held on to by the Scottish Government?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question.
I am sorry to hear about the delays affecting her constituents.
The party opposite oversaw years of mismanagement and chaos, and the impact on the Scottish NHS is evident.
This Labour Government are   committed to delivering for the Scottish people, including making sure that we have an NHS fit for the future.
The Chancellor will set out the details in just a few moments.
I call the Leader of the Opposition.
Mr Speaker, thank you for your kind words—and, indeed, I thank the Prime Minister for his kind words.
No Prime Minister looks forward to PMQs, but I always did like this pre-Budget one.
It was, for a change, nice not to be the main event but just the warm-up act.
As you said, Mr Speaker, today is my last appearance at PMQs.