Friend the Work and Pensions Secretary has announced an independent review to look at the issue of overpayments, and we will work across the House to develop the right solutions.
Thirdly, we will provide £1 billion from next year to extend the household support fund and discretionary housing payments to help those facing financial hardship with the cost of essentials.
Fourthly, having heard representations from the Joseph Rowntree Foundation,  the Trussell Trust and others, I will reduce the level of debt repayments that can be taken from a household’s universal credit payment each month from 25% to 15% of their standard allowance.
That means that 1.2 million of the poorest households will keep more of their award each month, lifting children out of poverty, and those who benefit will gain an average of £420 a year.
Our plan to make work pay will also protect working people.
I know that Conservative Members are deeply interested in our plans.
Having seen their colleagues repeatedly dismissed at short notice, I know that they are worried about their future under  the right hon.
Member for North West Essex (Mrs Badenoch) .
They should rest easy knowing that our plan will protect working people from unfair dismissal; it will safeguard them from bullying in the workplace; and it will improve their access to paternity and maternity leave.
I hope the new shadow Cabinet will soon be grateful for those increased protections at work.
It is right that we protect those who have worked all their lives.
In our manifesto, we promised to transfer the investment reserve fund in the mineworkers’ pension scheme to members.
I have listened closely to my hon.
Friends the Members for Easington (Grahame Morris), for Doncaster Central (Sally Jameson), for Blaenau Gwent and Rhymney (Nick Smith) and for Ayr, Carrick and Cumnock (Elaine Stewart) on this issue.
Today, we are keeping our promise, so that working people who powered our country receive the fair pension that they are owed.
Our manifesto committed to the triple lock, meaning that spending on the state pension is forecast to rise by over £31 billion by 2029-30, to ensure our pensioners are protected in their retirement.
That commitment means that while working-age benefits will be uprated in line with CPI at 1.7%, the basic and new state pension will be uprated by 4.1% in 2025-26.
This means that over 12 million pensioners will gain up to £470 next year, up to £275 more than uprating by inflation.
The pension credit standard minimum guarantee will also rise by 4.1%, from around £11,400 per year to around £11,850 a year for a single pensioner.
While I have sought to protect working people with measures to reduce the cost of living, I have had to take some very difficult decisions on tax.
I want to set out my approach to fuel duty.
Baked into the numbers that I inherited from the previous Government is an assumption that fuel duty will rise in line with the retail prices index next year and that the temporary 5p cut will be reversed.
To retain the 5p cut and to freeze fuel duty again would cost over £3 billion next year.
At a time when the fiscal position is so difficult, I have to be frank with the House that that is a substantial commitment to make.
I have concluded that, in these difficult circumstances, while the cost of living remains high and with a backdrop of global uncertainty, increasing fuel duty next year would be the wrong choice for working people.
It would mean fuel duty rising by 7p per litre, so I have decided today to freeze fuel duty next year, and I will maintain the existing 5p cut for another year, too.
There will be no higher taxes at the petrol pumps next year.
The last Government made cuts of £20 billion to employees’ and self-employed national insurance in their final two Budgets.