I am confirming those today: our stability rule and our investment rule.
The stability rule means that we will bring the current Budget into balance so that we do not borrow to fund day-to-day spending.
We will meet that rule in 2029-30, until that becomes the third year of the forecast.
From then on, we will balance the current Budget in the third year of every Budget, held annually each autumn.
That will provide a tougher constraint on day-to-day spending, so that difficult decisions cannot be constantly delayed or deferred.
The OBR says that the current Budget will be in deficit by £26.2 billion in 2025-26 and by £5.2 billion in 2026-27, before moving into surplus of £10.9 billion in 2027-28, £9.3 billion in 2028-29 and £9.9 billion in 2029-30, meeting our stability rule two years early.
Monthly public sector finance data show that Government borrowing in the first six months of this year was already running significantly higher than the OBR’s March forecast, and the OBR confirmed today that borrowing in this financial year is now £127 billion, reflecting the inheritance left by the Conservative party.
The increase in the net cash requirement in 2024-25 is lower than the increase in borrowing, at £22.3 billion higher than the spring forecast.
Because of the action that we are taking, borrowing falls from 4.5% of GDP this year to 2.1% of GDP by the end of the forecast.
Public sector net borrowing will be £105.6 billion in 2025-26, £88.5 billion in 2026-27, £72.2 billion in 2027-28, £71.9 billion in 2028-29 and £70.6 billion in 2029-30.
Before I come to tax, it is vital that we are driving efficiency and reducing wasteful spending.
In July, to begin dealing with our inheritance, I made £5.5 billion of savings this year.
Today we are setting a 2% productivity, efficiency and savings target for all Departments to meet next year by using technology more effectively and joining up services across Government.
As set out in our manifesto, I will shortly be appointing our covid corruption commissioner.
They will lead our work to uncover those companies that used a national emergency to line their own pockets, because that money belongs in our public services, and taxpayers want it back.
I can confirm today that David Goldstone has been appointed chair of the new office for value for money to help us realise the benefits from every pound of public spending.
Today, I am also taking three steps to ensure that welfare spending is more sustainable.
First, we inherited the last Government’s plans to reform the work capability assessment.
We will deliver those savings as part of our fundamental reforms to the health and disability benefits system that my right hon.
Friend the Work and Pensions Secretary will bring forward.
Secondly, I can today announce a crackdown on fraud in our welfare system—often the work of criminal gangs.
We will expand the DWP’s counter-fraud teams, using innovative new methods to prevent illegal activity, and provide new legal powers to crack down on fraudsters, including direct access to bank accounts to recover debt.
That package saves £4.3 billion a year by the end of the forecast.
Thirdly, the Government will shortly be publishing the “Get Britain Working” White Paper, tackling the root causes of inactivity with an integrated approach across health, education and welfare, and we will provide £240 million for 16 trailblazer projects, targeted at those who are economically inactive and most at risk of being out of education, employment or training, to get people into work and reduce the benefits bill.
Before a Government can consider any change to a tax rate or threshold, they must ensure that people pay what they already owe.
We will invest to modernise His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs systems using the very best technology, and recruit additional HMRC compliance and debt staff.