Today, I can confirm that we will maintain the MPC’s target of 2% inflation, as measured by the 12-month increase in the consumer prices index.
I thank James Bowler, the permanent secretary to the Treasury, and my team of officials.
I also thank my predecessors as Chancellor of the Exchequer for their wise counsel as I have prepared for this Budget.
In particular, I thank the former right hon.
Member for Spelthorne for his invaluable advice in this weekend’s papers, where he concluded that his mini-Budget “wasn’t perfect”.
For once, he and I are in absolute agreement.
Finally, I thank Richard Hughes and his team at the Office for Budget Responsibility for their work in preparing today’s economic and fiscal outlook.
Let me take the House through that forecast.
The cost of living crisis under the last Government stretched household finances to their limit, with inflation hitting a peak of above 11%.
Today, the OBR says that CPI inflation will average 2.5% this year, 2.6% in 2025, 2.3% in 2026, 2.1% in 2027, 2.1% in 2028 and 2.0% in 2029.
Moving on to economic growth, today’s Budget marks an end to short-termism, so I am pleased that, for the first time, the OBR has published not only five-year growth forecasts but a detailed assessment of the growth impacts of our policies over the next decade.
The new charter for Budget responsibility, which I am publishing today, confirms that this will become a permanent feature of our framework.
The OBR forecasts that real GDP growth will be 1.1% in 2024, 2.0% in 2025, 1.8% in 2026, 1.5% in 2027, 1.5% in 2028 and 1.6% in 2029.
The OBR is clear: this Budget will permanently increase the supply capacity of the economy, boosting long-term growth. [
Interruption.]
It may sound shocking to Conservative Members, but this Government are boosting long-term economic growth.
Every Budget that I deliver will be focused on our mission to grow the economy, and underpinning that mission are the seven key pillars of our growth strategy, developed and delivered alongside business, and all driven forward by our excellent Financial Secretary to the Treasury.
The first and most important is to restore economic stability.
That is my focus today.
Secondly, increasing investment and building new infrastructure is vital for productivity, so we are catalysing £70 billion of investment through our national wealth fund, and we are transforming our planning rules to get Britain building again.
Thirdly, to ensure that all parts of the UK can realise their potential we are working with the devolved Governments and partnering with our mayors to develop local growth plans.
Fourthly, to improve employment prospects and skills we are creating Skills England, delivering our plans to make work pay and tackling economic inactivity.
Fifthly, we are launching our long-term modern industrial strategy and expanding opportunities for our small and medium-sized businesses to grow.
Sixthly, to drive innovation, we are protecting record funding for research and development to harness the full potential of the UK’s science base.
Finally, to maximise the growth benefits of our clean energy mission, we have confirmed key investments, such as carbon capture and storage, to create jobs in our industrial heartlands.
Our approach is already having an impact: just two weeks ago, we delivered an international investment summit that saw businesses commit £63.5 billion of investment into our country,  creating nearly 40,000 jobs across the United Kingdom.
But we cannot undo 14 years of damage in one go.
Economic growth will be our mission for the duration of this Parliament.
In our manifesto, we set out the fiscal rules that would guide this Government.
I am confirming those today: our stability rule and our investment rule.
The stability rule means that we will bring the current Budget into balance so that we do not borrow to fund day-to-day spending.
We will meet that rule in 2029-30, until that becomes the third year of the forecast.