Come on, Secretary of State.
I hope that, in a later question, the shadow Secretary of State will apologise at the Dispatch Box to the country for crashing the economy, and to pensioners for what has happened to them as a result.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on support for the space sector in Scotland.
I was delighted to speak at the Space-Comm expo last month in Glasgow, where I met a wide range of industry members, both national and international, and recently I was fortunate enough to visit the SaxaVord spaceport in Shetland, where I saw wonderful progress.
I have also met representatives of Orbex in the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency, and will continue to champion Scotland’s spaceports, including in Sutherland in his constituency.
The Secretary of State mentions Orbex.
At present, it employs 125 people; by 2030, it could employ as many as 500.
Is the Secretary of State willing to visit Orbex in Elgin and, indeed, the Sutherland space launch site?
Elgin is certainly not the final frontier, so I would be very happy to visit.
The Minister for Science recently visited the UK Space Agency’s new office in  Edinburgh, and during that visit, he echoed my sentiments about the importance of Scotland’s space sector.
The Minister for Data Protection and Telecoms has recently met Orbex as well, and I will remain in close contact with my ministerial colleagues to ensure that we back the sector.
I am very happy to visit when ministerial time allows.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
As the Secretary of State knows, I recently had the opportunity to visit California with the Scottish Affairs Committee to look at how that state has created an environment that encourages new space projects.
In Scotland, we have a unique opportunity, not least because of developments in Glasgow, but also because the University of Edinburgh is already well respected and part of the programmes at Stanford, New York University, Columbia and NASA.
What will the Government do to encourage the creation of that sort of environment in Scotland, and will the University of Edinburgh, given its reputation, be central to that?
Scotland will be central to the space sector, and I very much welcome the question.
We will fully back the space sector, as I said to  the Member for Caithness, Sutherland and Easter Ross (Jamie Stone) .
The Minister for Science has been to the UK Space Agency’s new office in Edinburgh, and the Minister for Data Protection and Telecoms has met Orbex.
I have met Orbex and been to Unst in Shetland to visit the spaceport up there.
We will fully back this; of course, its potential reaches to infinity and beyond.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on encouraging inward investment into Scotland.
I welcome my hon.
Friend to his place; it was a wonderful election result in his constituency of Airdrie and Shotts.
Investment in the UK to drive growth is the Government’s No.
1 priority, and we have already started delivery on it.
Just this month, we hosted an international investment summit, at which we announced £63 billion of shovel-ready investment across the UK.
That includes the likes of Greenvolt’s £2.5 billion investment in Scotland and Iberdrola’s £24 billion investment in green energy.
We also announced this week that Glasgow will host the Commonwealth games, which will bring £100 million to the city.
I thank the Secretary of State for his answer.
It is refreshing to see a Government working across Departments to ensure a pro-worker, pro-business and pro-growth approach that attracts inward investment.
After years of Scotland being let down by two poor Governments, how does he see this new Labour Government approach benefiting my constituents in Airdrie and Shotts?
The No.
1 benefit to my hon.
Friend’s constituents in Airdrie and Shotts will be that they have him for their Member, championing them.
I am pleased  by his welcome for our approach.