Friend the Chief Secretary to the Treasury for his tireless work with colleagues from across Government.
Because I have taken difficult decisions on tax today, I am able to provide an injection of immediate funding over the next two years to stabilise and support our public services.
The next phase of the spending review will report in late spring, and I have set out the overall envelope today.
Day-to-day spending from 2024-25 onwards will grow by 1.5% in real terms, and today departmental spending, including capital spending, will grow by 1.7% in real terms.
At the election, we promised that there would be no return to austerity, and today we deliver on that promise, but given the scale of the challenge that we face in our public services, there will still be difficult choices in the next phase of the spending review.
Just as we cannot tax and spend our way to prosperity, neither  can we simply spend our way to better public services.
We will deliver a new approach to public service reform, using technology to improve public services and taking a zero-based approach, so that taxpayers’ money is spent as effectively as possible, and so that we focus on delivering our key priorities.
In the first phase of the spending review, I have prioritised day-to-day funding to deliver on our manifesto commitments.
I want every child to have the very best start in life, and the best possible start to their school day.
I know that my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Education shares my ambition, so today I am tripling investment in breakfast clubs to fund them in thousands of schools.
I am increasing the core schools budget by £2.3 billion next year to support our pledge to hire thousands more teachers in key subjects.
So that our young people can develop the skills that they need for the future, I am providing an additional £300 million for further education.
Finally, this Government are committed to reforming special educational needs provision, to improve outcomes for our most vulnerable children and ensure that the system is financially sustainable.
To support that work, I am today providing a £1 billion uplift in funding—a 6% real-terms increase from this year.
There is no more important job for Government than keeping our country safe, and we are conducting a strategic defence review, to be published next year.
As set out in our manifesto, we will set a path to spending 2.5% of GDP on defence at a future fiscal event.
Today, I am announcing a total increase in the Ministry of Defence’s budget of £2.9 billion next year, ensuring that the UK comfortably exceeds our NATO commitments, and providing guaranteed military support to Ukraine of £3 billion per year for as long as it takes.
Last week, alongside my right hon.
Friend the Defence Secretary, I announced, in addition to that, further support for Ukraine, on top of our NATO commitment.
That support comes through our £2.26 billion contribution to the G7’s extraordinary revenue acceleration agreement.
That will be repaid using profits from immobilised Russian sovereign assets.
As we approach Remembrance Sunday, it is vital that we take time to remember those who have served our country so bravely.
I am today announcing funding to commemorate the 80th anniversary of VE and VJ Day next year, to honour those who served at home and abroad.
We must also remember those who experienced the atrocities of the Nazi regime at first hand.
I would like to pay tribute to Lily Ebert, the Holocaust survivor and educator who passed away aged 100 earlier this month.
I am today committing a further £2 million for Holocaust education next year, so that charities such as the Holocaust Educational Trust can continue their work to ensure that those vital testimonies are not lost, and are preserved for the future.