The Robert Jones and Agnes Hunt hospital in Oswestry, in my constituency, is home to the veterans’ orthopaedic service, which is by far the largest provider of veterans’ hospital care in the country.
It is a fine example of what can be built when the national health service and local authorities work together.
It cost no extra public money to set it up but, because of NHS changes in how integrated care boards charge each other, it has been left with a funding shortfall.
Will the Prime Minister come to visit this fantastic facility in beautiful North Shropshire to see for himself why it is so important that we keep  it going?
I thank the hon.
Member for raising this issue.
We are all grateful to our veterans for their service in protecting our country.
I understand the value of the Veterans’ Orthopaedic Service and the  support it provides for veterans.
We are committed to ensuring that veterans receive the employment, mental health and housing support they need.
The upcoming Budget will set out the changes we will be making.
After 14 years of failure by the last Government to renew and grow the UK’s infrastructure, does the Prime Minister agree that additional investment is needed to kick-start economic growth, and that— This is the important bit.
Does the Prime Minister agree that investing  in a new lower Thames crossing to relieve Dartford residents from the gridlock caused by overcapacity at the Dartford crossing, thereby boosting the north Kent and UK economies by £40 billion, would be an excellent starting project?
I am really pleased that, under this Government, Britain has already secured £63 billion-worth of investment, which will be measured in tens of thousands of jobs.
Our No.
1 mission is growth, and my hon.
Friend will be hearing a lot more about that in a few minutes’ time.
My constituents Colin and Mandy Mackie’s 18-year-old son, Greg, died after having his soft drink spiked shortly after he went to college.
They welcome the fact that this Government will continue with the legislation proposed by the previous Government.
Can the Prime Minister assure them and other campaigners that Ministers and officials will work with them not only on bringing forward this legislation, but on raising awareness of this abhorrent practice and its potentially fatal consequences?
I thank the right hon.
Member for raising this tragic case, and I join him in paying tribute to Greg’s parents.
Their tireless work to raise awareness of spiking, to support victims and to call for changes in the law is inspiring, given what they have been through.
This Government will act.
We will make spiking a specific criminal offence to better protect victims and support the police in tackling these crimes.
Our leisure centre in Farnborough was knocked down by the Conservative council, which made empty promises to replace it with an expensive civic hub, with no viable plan to pay for it.
Will the Prime Minister help to secure the funding that Rushmoor borough council needs to rebuild our leisure centre, so that Labour can start delivering change after years of Tory failure?
I welcome my hon.
Friend to her place.
She is the first female and first Labour MP for Aldershot, and she is doing a superb job for her constituents.
Rushmoor borough council was left with a shortfall of over £19 million over the last four years.
The running down of local services has been one of the most painful features of the last 14 years.
We will work hand in hand with councils, including on multi-year funding settlements, and with local leaders to develop and make sure the services that are needed are there.
I call Mark Francois to ask the final question.
Prime Minister, you mentioned veterans a few minutes ago.
As we approach remembrance time, one group of veterans we all owe a great debt to are those who served during the troubles in Northern Ireland.