The Government’s own independent reviewer of terrorism legislation, Jonathan Hall KC, has said repeatedly recently that it is important in incidents of terrorism that the authorities put out more information sooner in order to prevent an information gap.
Does the Prime Minister agree?
Obviously I will tread carefully in answering this question, Mr Speaker, for the very reasons that you set out at the beginning of this session.
It is very important, first and foremost, that in all cases, including the particularly difficult case that the Speaker mentioned earlier, the police and prosecutors are able to do their difficult job.
All of us in this House have a choice to make, including both candidates to be the next Tory leader.
They can either support the police in their difficult task or they can undermine the police  in their difficult task.
I know which side I am on.
Minutes from here, in the communities of Victoria, Pimlico, Paddington and Covent Garden, there is an unprecedented rise in the number  of people sleeping rough after 14 years of the Tory Government.
Will the Prime Minister update the House on the cross-departmental homelessness strategy, and does he agree that this Labour Government have a once-in-a-generation opportunity to end rough sleeping for good?
Homelessness levels are far too high in this country, and we are developing a long-term strategy, working with mayors and local leaders, to end homelessness once and for all.
We are taking action to tackle the root causes, which is delivering the biggest increase in social and affordable house building in a  generation, and we have picked up where the Conservatives failed by abolishing no-fault evictions, preventing many renters from ending up homeless.
First  we had the embarrassment of the Labour party being sued by the Trump campaign.
Then we had the national capitulation—
Order.
Let me hear the rest of the question, please.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
Then we had the national capitulation of the Government over the sovereignty of the Chagos islands, and now we have had the personal humiliation of the Prime Minister at the Commonwealth Heads of Government summit, all of which begs the question: how on earth does the Foreign Secretary still have the full confidence of the Prime Minister?
I was intending to say that the hon.
Gentleman was an upgrade on his predecessor, who of course drove up mortgages by thousands of pounds, but I withdraw that now.
When the Prime Minister and the Chancellor discuss the importance of supporting working families, I think of the dedicated farmers in South Norfolk.
The Prime Minister has consistently acknowledged the critical role of food security and the need for farmers to have certainty to plan.
Can he confirm what action our Government will be taking to back British farming in constituencies like mine?
I welcome my hon.
Friend to his place.
Talking of predecessors, no one did more damage to rural constituencies than his nearby predecessor, whose disastrous mini-Budget crashed the economy and hurt his constituents.
I note that she has been tweeting her approval of the shadow Chancellor’s attacks on the independent Office for Budget Responsibility, showing that the Conservative party has learned absolutely nothing.
More than 12,000 farmers have been forced out of business due to Tory neglect, but we will turn that around.
My hon.
Friend will hear more about that in the Budget in just a minute.
The Robert Jones and Agnes Hunt hospital in Oswestry, in my constituency, is home to the veterans’ orthopaedic service, which is by far the largest provider of veterans’ hospital care in the country.
It is a fine example of what can be built when the national health service and local authorities work together.
It cost no extra public money to set it up but, because of NHS changes in how integrated care boards charge each other, it has been left with a funding shortfall.