When the UK takes over the presidency of the UN Security Council this Friday, will the Prime Minister make it a priority to secure a new resolution on preventing future atrocities, including a no-fly zone to stop the Iranian drones?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for raising this, because it is an important issue and I  do not think we discuss it enough in this House.
We continue to see mounting evidence of appalling atrocities against civilians and unacceptable restrictions on humanit-arian access.
Working with international partners— including as penholder at the UN Security Council, as he knows—to end the violence, secure humanitarian access and ensure the protection of civilians is a major priority.
This Labour Government have set up a child poverty taskforce, which is determined to move 4.3 million children in poverty into a better future.
However, we also inherited 2.1 million older people in poverty.
Will my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister agree to set up a pensioner poverty taskforce so that older people do not have to worry about paying for their housing, food and heating costs, ensuring that they have dignity in later life?
The scale of poverty that we inherited in this country is truly appalling, with over  4 million children now growing up in low-income families.
We will deliver on our manifesto commitment to tackle child poverty, as we did last time in government.
We will publish our strategy in the spring.
The ICJ has mandated that Israel must ensure access to lifesaving aid in Gaza under article 2 of the genocide convention, yet the Israeli Government have voted to effectively block its delivery.
As a human rights lawyer, does the Prime Minister agree that banning UNRWA is a breach of international law?
How much more evidence does he need before he calls out what is happening as genocide and acts in line with the UK’s responsibilities as a signatory to the genocide convention?
I am very worried and concerned about the decision that has just been taken by the Parliament in relation to UNRWA.
There is a humanitarian catastrophe in Gaza, and that decision will only make it much worse, which is why I have expressed my concern about it already, before today, and will continue to do so.
It needs to be reversed very quickly indeed.
I have never described what is going on in Gaza as genocide, but I do agree that all sides should comply with international law.
Last month the Scottish Government Health Minister was forced to apologise for waiting times in my area of Fife, where some patients wait more than two years for treatment.
My constituents deserve so much better than this.
Does the Prime Minister agree that the Scottish National party must take responsibility for 17 years of failure and that, if today’s Budget delivers a bigger block grant to Scotland, the SNP must sort out the mess it has made of Scotland’s precious NHS?
This is the second time this has come up this afternoon in Prime Minister’s questions, and I hope that SNP Members are listening good and hard.
I am sorry to hear that my hon.
Friend’s constituents have been waiting so many years for the medical treatment that they need.
We are committed to the NHS, and the Chancellor will have a lot more to say about that in just a moment.
The Government’s own independent reviewer of terrorism legislation, Jonathan Hall KC, has said repeatedly recently that it is important in incidents of terrorism that the authorities put out more information sooner in order to prevent an information gap.
Does the Prime Minister agree?
Obviously I will tread carefully in answering this question, Mr Speaker, for the very reasons that you set out at the beginning of this session.