To further encourage investment into the UK, we will extend the temporary repatriation relief to three years and expand its scope, bringing billions of pounds of new funds into Britain.
The independent Office for Budget Responsibility says that this package of measures will raise £12.7 billion over the next five years.
The fund management industry provides a vital contribution to our economy, but as our manifesto set out, there needs to be a fairer approach to the way that carried interest is taxed, so we will increase the capital gains rates on carried interest to 32% from April 2025, and from April 2026 we will deliver further reform to ensure that the specific rules for carried interest are simpler, fairer and better targeted.
In our manifesto, we committed to reforming stamp duty land tax to raise revenues, while supporting those buying their first home.
We are increasing the stamp duty land tax surcharge for second homes, known as the  higher rate for additional dwellings, by 2 percentage points to 5%, which will come into effect from tomorrow.
This will support over 130,000 additional transactions from people buying their first home or moving home over the next five years.
Next, we are committed to reforming the energy profits levy on oil and gas companies.
I can confirm today that we will increase the rate of the levy to 38%.
The levy will now expire in March 2030, and we will remove the 29% investment allowance.
To ensure that the oil and gas industry can protect jobs and support our energy security, we will maintain the 100% first-year allowances, and the decarbonisation allowances, too.
Finally, 94% of children in the UK attend state schools.
To provide the highest-quality support and teaching that they deserve, we will introduce VAT on private school fees from January 2025, and we will shortly introduce legislation to remove their business rates relief from April 2025, too.
We said in our manifesto that these changes, alongside our measures to tackle tax avoidance, would bring in £8.5 billion in the final year of the forecast.
I can confirm today that they will in fact raise over £9 billion to support our public services and restore our public finances.
That is a promise made and a promise fulfilled.
I have one final decision to announce on tax today.
The previous Government froze income tax and national insurance thresholds in 2021, and then did so again after the mini-Budget.
Extending their threshold freeze for a further two years raises billions of pounds—money to deal with the black hole in our public finances and repair our public services.
Having considered the issue closely, I have come to the conclusion that extending the threshold freeze would hurt working people.
It would take more money out of their payslips.
I am keeping every single promise on tax that I made in our manifesto, so there will be no extension of the freeze in income tax and national insurance thresholds beyond the decisions made by the previous Government.
From 2028-29, personal tax thresholds will be uprated in line with inflation once again.
When it comes to choices on tax, this Government choose to protect working people every single time.
Those are the choices I have made to restore economic stability and protect working people.
My next choice is to begin to repair our public services.
In recent months, we conducted the first phase of the spending review to set departmental budgets for 2024-25 and 2025-26.
I thank my right hon.
Friend the Chief Secretary to the Treasury for his tireless work with colleagues from across Government.
Because I have taken difficult decisions on tax today, I am able to provide an injection of immediate funding over the next two years to stabilise and support our public services.
The next phase of the spending review will report in late spring, and I have set out the overall envelope today.