It would mean fuel duty rising by 7p per litre, so I have decided today to freeze fuel duty next year, and I will maintain the existing 5p cut for another year, too.
There will be no higher taxes at the petrol pumps next year.
The last Government made cuts of £20 billion to employees’ and self-employed national insurance in their final two Budgets.
Those tax cuts were not  honest, because we now know that they were based on a forecast that the OBR says would have been “materially different” had it known the true extent of the last Government’s cover-up.
Since July, I have been urged on multiple occasions to reconsider those cuts—to increase the taxes that working people pay and see in their payslips—but I have made an important choice today: to keep every single commitment that we made on tax in our manifesto.
I say to working people, I will not increase your national insurance, I will not increase your VAT, and I will not increase your income tax.
Working people will not see higher taxes in their payslips as a result of the choices I am making today.
That is a promise made and a promise fulfilled.
Any responsible Chancellor would need to make difficult decisions today to raise the revenues required to fund our public services and restore economic stability.
So in today’s Budget, I am announcing an increase in employers’ national insurance contributions.
We will increase the rate of employers’ national insurance by 1.2 percentage points to 15% from April 2025, and we will reduce the secondary threshold—the level at which employers start paying national insurance on each employee’s salary—from £9,100 a year to £5,000.
This will raise £25 billion per year by the end of the forecast period.
I know that this is a difficult choice; I do not take this decision lightly.
We are asking businesses to contribute more, and I know that there will be impacts of this measure felt beyond businesses, too, as the OBR has set out today. [
Interruption.]
Order.
Our constituents are watching—they need to be able to hear the Chancellor.
Simmer down.
In the circumstances I have inherited, it is the right choice to make.
Successful businesses depend on successful schools, healthy businesses depend on a healthy NHS, and a strong economy depends on strong public finances.
If the Conservative party chooses to oppose this choice, it is choosing more austerity, more chaos and more instability.
That is the choice our country faces, too.
As I make this choice, I know it is particularly important to protect our smallest companies.
Having heard representations from the Federation of Small Businesses and others, I am today increasing the employment allowance from £5,000 to £10,500.
This means that 865,000 employers will not pay any national insurance at all next year, and over 1 million will pay the same or less than they did previously.
This will allow a small business to employ the equivalent of four full-time workers on the national living wage without paying any national insurance on their wages.
Let me now come to capital gains tax.
We need to drive growth, promote entrepreneurship and support wealth creation while raising the revenue required to fund our public services and restore our public finances.
Today, we will increase the lower rate of capital gains tax from 10% to 18% and the higher rate from 20% to 24%, while maintaining the rates of capital gains tax on residential property at 18% and 24%.
This means that the UK will still have the lowest capital gains tax rate of any European G7 economy.
Alongside these changes to the headline rates of capital gains tax, we are maintaining the lifetime limit for business asset disposal relief at £1 million to encourage  entrepreneurs to invest in their businesses.