We must also remember those who experienced the atrocities of the Nazi regime at first hand.
I would like to pay tribute to Lily Ebert, the Holocaust survivor and educator who passed away aged 100 earlier this month.
I am today committing a further £2 million for Holocaust education next year, so that charities such as the Holocaust Educational Trust can continue their work to ensure that those vital testimonies are not lost, and are preserved for the future.
To repair our public services, we need to work alongside our mayors and local leaders.
We will deliver a significant, real-terms funding increase for local government next year, including £1.3 billion of additional grant funding to deliver essential services, with at least £600 million in grant funding for social care and £230 million to tackle homelessness and rough sleeping.
We are today confirming that Greater Manchester and the West Midlands will be the first mayoral authorities to receive integrated settlements from next year, giving mayors meaningful control of   funding for their local areas.
To support our high streets, we are taking action to deal with the sharp rise in shoplifting that we have seen in recent years.
We will scrap the effective immunity for low-value shoplifting introduced by the Conservative party, and having listened closely to organisations such as the British Retail Consortium and the trade union USDAW, I am providing additional funding to crack down on the organised gangs that target retailers, and to provide more training for our police officers and retailers, in order to stop shoplifting in its tracks.
Finally, I am today providing funding to support public services and drive growth across Scotland, Wales, and Northern Ireland.
Having discussed the matter with the First Minister of Wales, Eluned Morgan, my hon.
Friend the Under-Secretary of State for Wales (Dame Nia Griffith), and my hon.
Friend the Under-Secretary of State for Justice (Alex Davies-Jones), I am today providing £25 million to the Welsh Government next year for the maintenance of coal tips, to ensure that we keep our communities safe.
To support growth, including in our rural areas, we will proceed with city and growth deals in Northern Ireland, in Causeway Coast and Glens, and the Mid South West.
We will drive growth in Scotland, which is a key priority for Scottish Labour and our leader, Anas Sarwar, including through a city and growth deal in Argyll and Bute.