I thank him for that, and for his last question as Leader of the Opposition—although, given the speed with which his party goes through leaders, he may be back here before too long.
In the meantime, I am sure that he will be a great champion for the people of Richmond.
Finally, I am sure that the right hon.
Gentleman will not mind my disclosing to the House the contents of a letter that he wrote to me this week.
My answer to it is clear: yes, I will arrange for him to meet the relevant Minister about the A66, which runs through his constituency.
In Hackney, nearly 4,000 children who could fill eight primary schools are in temporary accommodation, in many cases outside London.
That is bad for their future opportunities, and it is ripping our communities apart.
I welcome the Government’s pledge to build new homes, but will the Prime Minister ensure that those who cannot have a roof over their heads are a top priority in that long queue for new housing?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this issue.
It is a source of national shame that there are just under 1.3 million households on a social housing waiting list, including, I think, 8,000 in Hackney.
The best way to tackle overcrowding and meet housing need is to build the homes this country needs, and that is why we will deliver 1.5 million homes over this Parliament.
The Chancellor will set out further details in just a moment.
I call the leader of the Liberal Democrats.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
May I associate myself with your remarks and those of the Prime Minister about  the right hon.
Member for Richmond and Northallerton (Rishi Sunak) , and thank him for his service?
I wish him and the whole country a happy Diwali.
Despite our political differences, I have always felt a certain kinship with him since the general election, when he was the only other party leader to get as wet as I did. [
Laughter.]
I am looking forward to debating the Budget with him and the Chancellor shortly, but may I wish him and his family all the best for the future?
Next month’s summit in Baku is a chance for the UK to regain world leadership on climate change—a role disastrously lost under the Conservatives.
As this is the final summit before countries must ratchet up their new  Paris agreement targets for 2035, will the Prime Minister take this opportunity to seize back world leadership on climate change by committing today to support the targets set out this week by the independent Climate Change Committee and publishing a programme to deliver on them?
We will seize that initiative.
We have reset on the international stage, and climate is one of the biggest challenges that we face.
I will be going to the conference this year, just as I went last year as Leader of the Opposition, to continue those discussions about how we reach the very important targets that we must reach.
I thank the Prime Minister for his reply.
I hope we really can take that world leadership back again.
Another issue on which the UK needs to show urgent leadership is the escalating war in Sudan.
Tens of thousands of people have been killed, and 11 million Sudanese have had to flee from their homes.
The reports of mass killings and horrifying sexual violence against women are truly stomach-churning.
When the UK takes over the presidency of the UN Security Council this Friday, will the Prime Minister make it a priority to secure a new resolution on preventing future atrocities, including a no-fly zone to stop the Iranian drones?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for raising this, because it is an important issue and I  do not think we discuss it enough in this House.