I ask the Leader of the House again if she will reaffirm her commitment to those values and engage properly with the questions I ask in the future.
I join you, Mr Speaker, in passing on our condolences to the family of Peter Hipkins, who gave long service in this House.
I also wish peace and blessings to those observing Ramadan and those marking Lent.
Today is also World Book Day, a day to celebrate our favourite books and authors—and, I have to say, every working parent’s worst nightmare, because of having to find a last-minute costume.
I see that the shadow Leader of the House has come as his favourite author: himself.
For those who have not read the thrilling historical novel, “The Winding Stair”, it is still available in all good bookshops.
He can give me some royalties later.
Saturday marks International Women’s Day.
I thank you, Mr Speaker, for allowing us to come together in this Chamber and take a historic photograph to mark the most female MPs ever being elected to this House.
It is a reminder that the gender pay gap in this country is still 13.1%, and women work for free on average seven weeks a year—although perhaps the shadow Leader of the House is working for free most of the time.
I thank the shadow Leader of the House for his comments on Ukraine.
It has been really important to this country’s international role and in supporting the Prime Minister that the House of Commons has once again shown such unity, and such backing for Ukraine and for the Prime Minister’s leadership in recent weeks.
As the shadow Leader of the House knows, we are focused on making sure that Ukraine is in the strongest possible position to achieve long-term, lasting peace through strength.
As we have done in recent weeks, we will make sure that the House is kept constantly updated on these matters.
That was kind of where it ended today, Mr Speaker.
The shadow Leader of the House has again used his slot to ask me not a single question.
He says that I have not given him any answers in any of the weeks that we have been standing at the Dispatch Box, but if he really wants me to tell him again today where he has gone wrong, I am happy to give him some advice.
I am happy to tell him that yes, his Government did get many things wrong, and we are getting many things right.
If the shadow Leader of the House wants to play business questions bingo, perhaps we can start by saying “Bingo!”
every time he actually asks me a question, because we did not hear much of that today.
There are lots of people in the Chamber for business questions today, so I will not detain the House for much longer, but I notice that the shadow Leader of the House did not ask me about some of the really good things that the Government have been doing here at home, as well as abroad.
As there are a lot of people here today, I remind the House that we have confirmed the first 750 schools that will receive free breakfast clubs, because we do not want any child to start school hungry.
We are ending the 8 am scramble in our GP surgeries, with more appointments and better access.
We have launched our fantastic commonhold White Paper, which is another step towards finally ending the feudal leasehold system, and we are dealing with the courts backlog that the shadow Leader of the House’s Government left us with—another shameful reminder of their shocking record on criminal justice.
We have also announced our plan for neighbourhoods, with another £1.5 billion to help restore pride in our communities.
That is on top of the additional amendments to our Employment Rights Bill.