A 22-year-old constituent of mine, who is an elite athlete and unfortunately has inoperable brain tumours, came to me to say that drug inhibitors that would help him are currently on open access trial in this country.
Unfortunately, the health board in my constituency is not taking part, so drugs that could save his life and allow him to continue with his ambitions are available, but he cannot access them.
Would the Leader of the House either consider having a debate on how we make access to drugs on trial universal across the UK, or set up a meeting for me with the relevant Minister to discuss this issue?
I am really sorry to hear about the hon.
Lady’s constituent, and I am very familiar with these issues.
Unfortunately, my gorgeous cousin recently died of a brain tumour, and it is a terrible illness.
It is something that I have personally spoken to the Health Secretary about.
There are drugs that could be made more available, and there are trials.
The Health Secretary is committed to doing that, and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Mitcham and Morden (Dame Siobhain McDonagh)  has been campaigning on these issues for a number of years.
I will absolutely ensure that the hon.
Lady gets a meeting with the relevant Minister.
I have received an email from my constituent that says:
“On April 1 last year I had a fall on Highgate Golf Course which resulted in a complex break of my right leg.
Friends phoned for an ambulance but were told that an ambulance would not come for this type of emergency…On a cold spring day, I was left lying in an isolated spot on the wet ground, unable to move and in great pain, with very limited options about getting to hospital.”
Could we have a debate about the response of ambulances in such serious situations, so that my constituents do not have to go through something like that again?
I am sorry to hear of that case.
Ambulance wait times, and the availability of ambulances, are still absolutely unacceptable.
They are a symptom of an NHS that is still in crisis.
Ambulances find themselves waiting outside A&Es with patients on board, unable to get them inside, which means that they are unable to go on to the next case.
We are taking action, and I will ensure that the House is kept updated and that my hon.
Friend’s case is looked into.
This week, I received a copy of the national priority infrastructure Bill from the “Looking for Growth” campaign.
The campaign’s proposals rightly highlight the complexity in our energy and planning systems.
We urgently need more nuclear power and data centres to drive forward the artificial intelligence and robotics revolution here in Britain, but with the highest industrial energy prices in Europe, we risk falling behind.
Can we have a debate about how planning can best be reformed to provide reliable, affordable and abundant energy?
I agree with the hon.
Gentleman that these are very important matters.
We are speeding up our planning and infrastructure decision making so that we can get more nuclear, more data centres, and  more onshore and offshore wind, and deliver the energy security that the country so desperately needs.
I am sure that he will delight in reading the forthcoming planning and infrastructure Bill, probably in a matter of days.
Zoe Dunklin, from Thrapston in my constituency, is a former Paralympian who represented our country on the global stage.
Recently, the publicly funded Motability scheme refused her request for a six-way driver’s seat, which would have meant that she could use a car independently.
Instead, the scheme only offered a vehicle that would force her to rely on carers to get her in and out, thereby preventing her from working and volunteering, and taking away her independence.