I pay tribute to the great women of our independence movement in Scotland.
There are too many to mention, but I will name two: the late, great Winnie Ewing, who was an MP here, and the late president of the Fraserburgh SNP branch, Nancy Duffy.
I am endlessly inspired by my female colleagues and the female Members on these Benches.
I ask the Minister what initiatives the Government are taking to encourage more women and girls to access a career in politics, so that they may follow in the footsteps of all my female colleagues and ensure that the equal rights of all women are at the core of everything this Parliament is working towards.
Finally, I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Brent East (Dawn Butler)  on securing this debate and on the powerful speech she made.
The hon.
Member for Bolsover (Natalie Fleet)  talked about the need for us to speak out about rape cases.
In the debate on SLAPPs—strategic lawsuits against public participation—in November, I brought to the Minister’s notice a rape case.
I was promised a ministerial meeting, and I am still waiting on that meeting.
That was five months ago, so perhaps the Minister here today could respond to that.
Will the Leader of the House join me in paying tribute to the longest serving leader and second-ever chair of Harlow council, Tom Farr, who passed away on Tuesday?
Tom devoted so much of his life to serving the community of Harlow as both a councillor and a secondary school teacher, and also as the chair of Harlow primary health trust.
The emergency alert system is a vital tool for warning and informing in a case of a serious incident where there is a threat to life.
This Government have used the tool five times, including the largest ever deployment for Storm Arwen.
We are incorporating the lessons identified, including on improved targeting, into alert mechanisms.
Last month, I laid regulations, which, subject to parliamentary approval, will give the Infected Blood Compensation Authority the powers that it needs to pay compensation to all eligible people by all routes.
My aim is for the regulations to be enforced by  31 March  to enable IBCA to begin payments to all eligible groups this year.
The Cabinet Secretary may be asked by the Prime Minister to advise on any matter supporting the smooth running of government, including ministerial appointments.
There is no written or published guidance on such matters.
We have strengthened the ministerial code, but we do not need to take any advice from the Conservatives.
What we have seen from this Prime Minister is decisive action to uphold ministerial standards.
Compare that with the record of the previous Government where the shadow Foreign Secretary,  the right hon.
Member for Witham (Priti Patel) , was found guilty of bullying but was allowed to keep her post; where the Government whipped their MPs to block the suspension of former Minister Owen Paterson, who broke lobbying rules; and where the former Prime Minister Boris Johnson lied about being told of allegations of sexual misconduct by his Deputy Chief Whip.
The Prime Minister is determined to uphold high standards of conduct in public office, unlike the previous Government.
That is why decisive action has been taken.
This is a Government in the service of working people, and we will not hesitate to take action against any Minister who fails to meet those high standards.
I know that my hon.
Friend takes a keen interest in these matters.
In 2023, the previous Government suspended paid advertising on X while reviewing alignment with our safe guidelines.
That suspension remains in place.
We continue to post content, without paid promotion, to communicate important Government information.
The Minister for the Cabinet Office was asked—
What assessment he has made of the effectiveness of the emergency alert system.
What assessment he has made of the effectiveness of the emergency alert system.