We continue to post content, without paid promotion, to communicate important Government information.
The Minister for the Cabinet Office was asked—
What assessment he has made of the effectiveness of the emergency alert system.
What assessment he has made of the effectiveness of the emergency alert system.
The emergency alert system is a vital tool for warning and informing in a case of a serious incident where there is a threat to life.
This Government have used the tool five times, including the largest ever deployment for Storm Éowyn.
We are incorporating the lessons identified, including on improved targeting, into alert mechanisms.
A secret phone can be a lifeline for survivors of domestic abuse.
Can the Minister tell the House what steps the Government are taking to ensure that when emergency alerts are sent, survivors of domestic abuse are not put in any additional danger?
My hon.
Friend makes an incredibly important point.
The whole purpose of the emergency alert is to make people safer, so we are mindful of the potential risks to people with secret phones, such as victims of domestic abuse.
We are continuing to work with domestic abuse charities and organisations that support victims to mitigate the risk, including by producing guidance on disabling emergency alerts.
The threat of flooding is ever present in Carlisle, and although I and other local residents regularly receive flood alerts, they do not necessarily distinguish between a threat to life and a regular flood alert.
Could the Minister please explain at what point flood alerts are updated to reflect the seriousness of an emergency alert?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise this issue.
The Environment Agency is responsible for issuing flood warnings.
For locations covered by severe flood warnings, the Environment Agency may ask for an emergency alert to be activated where there is an immediate threat to life, in order to support the response in the local area.
I thank the Minister for her response.
It is good that we have this system right across this great United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, and that all our constituents can respond to it.
It has a very clear role.
First, how quickly can there be a response to things such as domestic abuse, flood warnings or whatever?
Secondly, my understanding is that councils have a role to play.
If so, perhaps the Minister could remind us of their role.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for raising this important issue.
We work very closely with local authorities and local resilience forums when considering issuing an emergency alert, to ensure that the response is as adequate as possible.
What steps his Department is taking to help ensure the resilience of local government digital infrastructure against cyber-attacks.
The Government are working hard to improve the cyber resilience of the public sector, because cyber-attacks can be against central Government institutions, local authorities and, of course, individuals and businesses.
With regard to local authorities, the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government has launched a cyber assessment framework for local government.
It sets a clear cyber-security standard for the sector, and the Department also provides monthly cyber clinics to support local authorities in improving collaboration, sharing intelligence and tackling vulnerabilities in this area.
Local councils manage mountains of sensitive data, deliver essential services and lead on emergency responses to critical incidents, among much more, yet 15 years of Tory underfunding has left outdated digital infrastructure, leaving them particularly vulnerable to cyber-attack.
Does the Minister agree that improving cyber resilience in local authorities is of paramount importance if we are to protect our citizens’ data and continue to deliver essential services without interruption from hostile actors?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right: not all the systems used across central or local government are as up to date as they should be.
This is a constant battle and a constant challenge.