The Budget turned the world, or at least the future of family farms, upside down.
Ever since then, we have seen mounting evidence of the impact that the changes to inheritance tax, business property relief and agricultural property relief will have on family farms.
That evidence has come from the industry, from industry experts and from tax experts.
There is also mounting concern among Government Back Benchers about the impact that the changes will have on farmers in their constituencies up and down the country, and that concern is reflected on our own Benches.
Given the impact on family farms and the future of food security in the country, will the Leader of the House please consider granting a debate in the Chamber on the family farm tax and what we can do to mitigate its impacts?
This Government back British farmers, which is why we have increased the farming budget to £5 billion over two years, much more than was provided by the last Government.
We have set out a deal for farmers, and we are investing in flood defences and extending the seasonal workers scheme, as well as dealing with many other issues.
We have already had a debate in Government time on farming, and I noted that the Opposition did not choose to make this matter the subject of one of their recent Opposition day debates, but they have another Opposition day coming up, and they could use it for this purpose.
I wish to raise a case that has been highlighted by other Members, including my hon.
Friend  the Member for West Dunbartonshire (Douglas McAllister) .
In 2017, Jagtar Singh Johal, a British national from Dumbarton, was arrested in India just weeks after his wedding.
He has been tortured, threatened to be burnt alive, and in arbitrary detention for seven years and four months.
This week Jagtar was acquitted in the first case to come to court, as there was no credible evidence, and his lawyer has asked for all charges to be dropped because there is no new evidence.
Many in the Sikh community, including my constituents, welcome this development, as well as the Government’s commitment to securing Jagtar’s release and return.
Given the Prime Minister’s and the Foreign Secretary’s meetings in the last 48 hours with the Indian Foreign Minister, will the Leader of the House provide time for an update on what steps are being taken to bring this British national—one of our own—home?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising the case of Jagtar Singh Johal, which I know is of great importance to many Members of this House.
We recognise that it is a very difficult case.
He will know that the Prime Minister has raised it with Prime Minister Modi, and Ministers continue to raise it on an ongoing basis, making it clear that we want to see faster progress and a full resolution to this case.
As part of that, we must see a full and independent investigation into allegations of torture.
I will ensure that my hon.
Friend and the House are kept updated on this important case.
It has been drawn to my attention this week that there is a continuing problem in this country with a reserved matter: the supply of drugs.
A 22-year-old constituent of mine, who is an elite athlete and unfortunately has inoperable brain tumours, came to me to say that drug inhibitors that would help him are currently on open access trial in this country.
Unfortunately, the health board in my constituency is not taking part, so drugs that could save his life and allow him to continue with his ambitions are available, but he cannot access them.
Would the Leader of the House either consider having a debate on how we make access to drugs on trial universal across the UK, or set up a meeting for me with the relevant Minister to discuss this issue?