Whether the Cabinet Secretary has issued guidance on ministerial appointments.
The Cabinet Secretary may be asked by the Prime Minister to advise on any matter supporting the smooth running of government, including ministerial appointments.
There is no written or published guidance on such matters.
Since July, three Ministers have had to resign for everything from fraud through to unwise entanglements in foreign affairs.
What steps will the Minister take to strengthen the ministerial code so that the public can have confidence in the Ministers that this Prime Minister appoints?
We have strengthened the ministerial code, but we do not need to take any advice from the Conservatives.
What we have seen from this Prime Minister is decisive action to uphold ministerial standards.
Compare that with the record of the previous Government where the shadow Foreign Secretary,  the right hon.
Member for Witham (Priti Patel) , was found guilty of bullying but was allowed to keep her post; where the Government whipped their MPs to block the suspension of former Minister Owen Paterson, who broke lobbying rules; and where the former Prime Minister Boris Johnson lied about being told of allegations of sexual misconduct by his Deputy Chief Whip.
I call the shadow Minister.
Despite the complacent response from the Minister, fewer than 250 days in, we have already had a Transport Secretary resign over her criminal record, an anti-corruption Minister resign over corruption, questions raised over the checks on the new Investment Minister, and at least three Cabinet Ministers accused of peddling dodgy CVs.
The Prime Minister either cannot or will not say whether the necessary questions were not asked on appointment, whether relevant information was not disclosed on appointment, or whether he knew perfectly well about it but only took action when they were caught?
Will the independent adviser conduct an urgent review of ministerial vetting?
The Prime Minister is determined to uphold high standards of conduct in public office, unlike the previous Government.
That is why decisive action has been taken.
This is a Government in the service of working people, and we will not hesitate to take action against any Minister who fails to meet those high standards.
What recent progress his Department has made on strengthening national resilience.
We are taking action to strengthen the UK’s resilience.
Next month, the UK Resilience Academy will formally launch with the capacity to train over 4,000 people a  year.
Later this year, we will undertake a full national pandemic response exercise—the first of its kind in nearly a decade.
Of course, resilience has to protect the most vulnerable, so we are mapping vulnerability around the country to ensure that in our resilience strategy we can protect people from all backgrounds and of all incomes.
The covid inquiry found that years of under-investment under the Conservatives meant that our health services were already struggling to cope even before covid struck, with waiting lists rising years before the pandemic.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that investing in our NHS and tackling the terrible delays that patients, including many of my constituents in Stevenage, experience in receiving treatment are vital to improving our country’s resilience?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to point not just to specific resilience measures but the most fundamental thing for national resilience: the underlying strength of the country and its services.
Nowhere is that more true that in the national health service.
We are investing in the national health service and are already seeing the early results of that, with the first fall in NHS waiting lists for years.
It is a good start; it is not enough, and we want to build on that progress to treat patients more quickly and, indeed, build our resilience in the process.
What assessment he has made of the effectiveness of Government advertising through social media.