We have launched our fantastic commonhold White Paper, which is another step towards finally ending the feudal leasehold system, and we are dealing with the courts backlog that the shadow Leader of the House’s Government left us with—another shameful reminder of their shocking record on criminal justice.
We have also announced our plan for neighbourhoods, with another £1.5 billion to help restore pride in our communities.
That is on top of the additional amendments to our Employment Rights Bill.
Unlike the shadow Leader of the House’s vacuous contribution today, this Government are getting on with delivering for the country, whether at home or abroad.
Flooding has caused heartache for families and communities in my constituency.
In order to be protected from extreme flooding, they desperately need Sheffield city council’s excellent proposals for the upper Don flood alleviation scheme, including work on the Clough Dike culvert and Whitley Brook improvements.
Despite widespread local support and the importance of that scheme, the Conservatives never actually allocated funding to it.
Will the Leader of the House allow time to debate flood alleviation schemes, to ensure that the appropriate funding is allocated in the forthcoming spending review?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right; the flood assets we inherited were in the poorest condition on record after many years of under-investment.
That is why we are putting more money into flood assets and have launched the floods resilience taskforce.
I will ensure that my hon.
Friend is kept updated on how those things will affect her constituency.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
As the Leader of the House has already noted, today is World Book Day, and I would like to say a big thank you to Barnes Farm primary school in my constituency for inviting me in yesterday to open its brand new library.
One in seven state primary schools in the UK do not have a dedicated library or reading space, and almost 1 million children in the UK do not have a book of their own.
As such, it was wonderful to meet year 5 students and representatives of Barnes Farm student council, who were very enthusiastic about their new library.
It is fantastic to know that those students will have access to such a facility for a long time to come.
At Prime Minister’s questions on  8 January , I raised the plight of community pharmacies.
They are struggling to stay afloat due to the unfair terms of their NHS contracts, which often mean that they have to buy drugs that they dispense for more than the NHS reimburses them.
The Prime Minister asked me to follow up with more details, which I did that afternoon.
Despite chasing, I am yet to receive a reply from the Department of Health and Social Care, to which my inquiry was passed.
Community pharmacies cannot wait.
The National Pharmacy Association projects that nearly 1,000 pharmacies will close by the end of 2027.
There is no guaranteed funding for Pharmacy First beyond the end of this month.
This is a critical issue that the Government need to address urgently.
I know that the Leader of the House takes seriously the timeliness of replies from Ministers and Departments, so will she let the House know what further steps she is taking to ensure that issues such as protecting our vital community pharmacies are given the swift and full attention they deserve?
I thank the hon.
Member for raising these matters with me.
First, I concur with what she says on World Book Day and school libraries.
I am sure that, as Members of Parliament, we have opened a library in a school.
I recently opened a library at a  school in one of the poorest parts of my constituency, and the young children, many of whom were not even wearing proper footwear, were queuing outside to get their hands on their first book—it was such a fantastic achievement.