What discussions have been had with the Crown Commercial Service regarding Romeo Mike 6277 network—RM6277?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his question.
I look forward to spending another day with him in the Public Authorities (Fraud, Error and Recovery) Bill Committee later.
I have regular discussions with the Crown Commercial Service on a range of issues.
Given that public sector procurement accounts for a third of all public sector spending, what steps is the Minister taking to ensure that it is less siloed, more joined up, and as efficient as the private sector?
That is such an important question.
We need to deliver value for money in how we do procurement.
One change that we made in the new national procurement policy statement is ensuring that contracting authorities procure collaboratively, crack down on some of the excessive costs of private frameworks and ensure that they are transparent.
We are using AI to streamline procurement, and have set up a new commercial innovation challenge at the heart of government to ensure buying supports innovation and growth.
What recent progress he has made on establishing an infected blood compensation scheme.
Last month, I laid regulations, which, subject to parliamentary approval, will give the Infected Blood Compensation Authority the powers that it needs to pay compensation to all eligible people by all routes.
My aim is for the regulations to be in force by  31 March  to enable IBCA to begin payments to all eligible groups this year.
Last year, I was contacted by a constituent who tragically lost her husband to infected blood and I am continuing to support her.
There is an understandable lack of trust between victims and the authorities after such a long wait for justice, and my constituent is concerned about the urgency in compensating affected families.
When he spoke in the House last month, the Minister committed to producing an easy-read version of the regulations.
Can he say when that is likely to be published and will he commit to full transparency on the progress of settling claims?
I will publish a simplified version of the document explaining the infected blood compensation scheme by the end of the month.
Transparency is vital.
IBCA, although an independent body, is committed to being open with the community and publishes monthly figures showing progress on compensation claims.
I welcome the Minister’s progress in this area.
I visited IBCA on  30 January  and was impressed by the professionalism of the team.
Since then the Minister has made himself accessible so that I can give him feedback.
One issue that has come up is the need for recipients of payments to sign non-disclosure agreements or terms.
I am anxious that misunderstandings do not arise as a consequence of that.
Can the Minister  use his good offices to implore IBCA to explain why that happens?
If IBCA cannot do that, perhaps he can explain to the House why such agreements might be necessary.
I am very grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman for his work as Paymaster General.
Indeed, I was pleased to facilitate his recent visit to IBCA and am grateful to him for the constructive approach that he continues to take.
On the specific issue that he raises around the contracts that IBCA has entered into, I can say that I entirely agree with him about the need for transparency, and that is something that I am re-emphasising to IBCA.
What steps he is taking to strengthen co-operation with the devolved Administrations.
Since entering government, we have reset working relations with the devolved Governments and I am now working to support those efforts.
All three tiers of the intergovernmental structures are in operation.
Several of the portfolio-level inter-ministerial groups have met, while the middle tier inter-ministerial Standing Committee and finance inter-ministerial Standing Committee both met last Thursday.