She is absolutely right to highlight the barriers to politics that women in rural areas can face.
We want more women in rural areas and around the country to be elected to local government and to Parliament.
We should be proud that this House now has its highest ever number of elected women, including many outstanding women representing rural areas, but we know that there is much more we can do.
Since the Labour Government came to power, the list of patients waiting more than 65 weeks for treatment at my local hospital trust in Derby has gone down by a  whopping 82%.
With national waiting lists having fallen for four months in a row and the early delivery of the commitment to provide an additional 2 million NHS appointments, does the Minister agree that our plan for change is already under way?
How is the Department working to embed that culture of delivery right across the Government?
I am delighted to hear about the falling waiting lists in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
Waiting lists are indeed falling.
Last month we announced that we had met our first step pledge to deliver 2 million additional NHS appointments seven months early.
We are determined to keep up the pace of delivering our plan for change, for which the public voted.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Why are the Government scared of allowing the National Security Adviser to give evidence to the Joint Committee on the National Security Strategy?
The shadow Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster will be aware that accountability to Parliament is through Ministers.
The Prime Minister is regularly accountable to Parliament, and I am very happy to appear before the Committee at any convenient time.
I am sure the Committee will be delighted to hear that.
However, there is a precedent in this area: David Frost, now Lord Frost, was an adviser when he gave evidence to the Committee in May 2020.
The Committee is unanimous: the new adviser must appear.
The Government’s own Osmotherly rules say that Ministers should agree to a request for evidence from any
“named official, including special advisers”.
This Government promised greater transparency.
Why are they breaking another promise?
Special advisers are appointed by the Minister whom they advise, and the line of accountability is through Ministers to Parliament.
That is why the Prime Minister takes questions every week at this Dispatch Box.
The National Security Adviser is an adviser to the Prime Minister, and as I said, I am also very happy—as are other Ministers, I imagine—to appear before the Committee at a convenient time.
As parliamentary chair of the Coalition on Secure Technology, I have raised several times in this House concerns over the prevalence of Chinese manufactured internet of things cellular modules.
Will the procurement review unit carry out a risk assessment of the true risks posed by Chinese supplies of cellular modules in the UK’s critical national infrastructure, and will he meet me to discuss this important issue?
The Government take the security of critical national infrastructure extremely seriously.
The UK’s national technical authorities, including the National Protective Security Authority, the National Cyber Security  Centre and the UK National Authority for Counter-Eavesdropping, already provide expert guidance and best practice to owners and operators of UK critical national infrastructure, including on risk assessments and supply chains.
I am happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss this further.
The Minister for Intergovernmental Relations is an extremely experienced Minister, so will he cause to be reviewed the quite extraordinary decision to cut the integrated security fund by £120 million?
Is that fund not a classic example of how development complements defence demonstrably and effectively?
Will he listen to the great concerns that Members on his own side of the House feel at the terrible decision to axe crucial development spending?
The right hon.
Gentleman has great experience in this area, and I respect his judgment very much.