First, I concur with what she says on World Book Day and school libraries.
I am sure that, as Members of Parliament, we have opened a library in a school.
I recently opened a library at a  school in one of the poorest parts of my constituency, and the young children, many of whom were not even wearing proper footwear, were queuing outside to get their hands on their first book—it was such a fantastic achievement.
I am sorry to hear that she has not had the responses and replies she has asked for from Ministers, and I do take these matters incredibly seriously.
I will ensure that she does get a reply.
The hon.
Member has raised the issue of community pharmacies with me on a number of occasions, and rightly so.
They are a vital part of our national health service, and they have been left on their knees, with many closing in recent years.
We are turning that around, because getting services back into communities via pharmacies and other means is critical to delivering our health mission.
I will ensure she gets a reply.
This is on flooding again, I am afraid.
My constituency has suffered greatly from flooding in recent years.
Our steep valleys and wide moorland catchments make us particularly vulnerable.
I massively welcome the Government’s commitment to a record £2.65 billion of funding for flood defences.
We have a number of key schemes in Rossendale and Darwen that urgently need that funding, and I am in communication with the Department about that.
Will the Leader of the House agree to a debate in Government time on flood resilience and support for communities affected so badly by flooding?
My hon.
Friend is a great advocate for his constituency on this and other matters.
Flooding affects his area, as it does many others.
As I have said, this Government are finally turning the oil tanker around when it comes to our flood resilience.
I will ensure that the relevant Minister hears his call today.
We have had regular statements and debates on flooding, but I will ensure that we continue to have them.
I call the Chair of the Backbench Business Committee.
Mr Speaker, I thank you and your Deputies for facilitating the estimates day debates yesterday and allowing the maximum number of people to contribute.
When we come to the full estimates—in May, we believe—if we can be advised of the dates so that we can do the processing of the applications, that would be appreciated.
In addition to the business that the Leader of the House has announced, if we are given  Thursday 27 March , there will be a debate on St Patrick’s day and Northern Irish affairs, followed by a debate on the 10th anniversary of the Modern Slavery Act 2015.
We now have a queue of debates for the Chamber that will last until the summer recess.
We will be grateful for every Thursday and any time that can be given, particularly if the House is going to rise early on Government business.
In addition, the business in Westminster Hall on  Tuesday 11 March  will include a debate on the governance of English rugby union.
On  Thursday 13 March , there will be a debate on educational opportunities for young carers.
On  Tuesday 18 March —with your agreement, Mr Speaker—there will be a debate on free school meals.
On  Thursday 20 March , there will be a debate on British Sign Language Week and Government support  for the tourism industry.
On  Tuesday 25 March , there will be a debate on the retrospective accountability of the construction industry.
On  Thursday 27 March , there will be a debate on the prevention of drugs deaths, followed by a debate on the first anniversary of the Hughes report on valproate and pelvic mesh.