Zoe Dunklin, from Thrapston in my constituency, is a former Paralympian who represented our country on the global stage.
Recently, the publicly funded Motability scheme refused her request for a six-way driver’s seat, which would have meant that she could use a car independently.
Instead, the scheme only offered a vehicle that would force her to rely on carers to get her in and out, thereby preventing her from working and volunteering, and taking away her independence.
She has even offered to pay the difference in price in order to get what she needs to live independently.
Will the Leader of the House join me in fighting for the independence that Zoe and others deserve?
Absolutely.
My hon.
Friend highlights how important it is to give people independence and mobility so they can go about their lives and work as well.
He will be aware that the Motability Foundation is an independent charity, but the Government continue to work with it to ensure that its policies are open and inclusive, as they should be.
As the Green party representative on the cross-party commission on social care, I was deeply disappointed at the cancellation, with only a day’s notice, of last week’s planned initial talks.
Since social care is in crisis, surely it should be a matter of urgency to get these talks rescheduled, but I have as yet had no response to my request for a new date.
Will the Leader of the House ask the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care to urgently prioritise setting a new date for the talks as soon as possible?
I absolutely will do so, because these talks are essential.
We are determined to take forward cross-party talks on the future of social care, which is so important.
If the comments from across the Atlantic this week have reminded us of anything, it is that we should always keep at the forefront of our minds the bravery of our service personnel, not least in recent conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan when serving alongside the US and other allies.
I therefore ask my right hon.
Friend to find time on the Floor of the House for us to debate the bravery and sacrifices of our service personnel.
Hear, hear.
Absolutely.
My hon.
Friend can hear from the cheers across the House that this would make a very popular and important debate.
It would be a reminder that our armed services have gone to many countries around the world in support of our allies over many years and sacrificed their lives, and we should always remember their bravery and their contribution.
I assume that the Leader of the House shares my constituents’ alarm that a court found that a convicted  drug dealer who was here illegally could not be deported because he was too “Westernised”; that prolific offenders, including domestic abusers, are, as I understand it, going to be offered anger management courses, rather than being incarcerated; and, most of all, that the new sentencing guidelines suggest that judges should look at felons’ ethnicity and religion before sentencing.
Will she allow a debate on criminal justice to enable us to expose the huge gulf between the liberal bourgeoisie’s prejudices and those of our constituents, who want people caught, captured, convicted and punished, regardless of whether they are black, brown, white or any other colour?
I think the right hon.
Member is talking about deporting criminals when they should be deported.
He will be aware, or should be aware, that nearly 3,000 foreign criminals have been deported since the election, which is an increase of more than 20% compared with situation under the last Government.
However, he is right to point out that there are still gaps in that system, which is why we have brought in the Border Security, Asylum and Immigration Bill.