We need to be mindful about the social media platforms that we use, and we need to elect people who care for many people, not just the 1%.
By doing that, we will accelerate action, which is the theme of International Women’s Day this year.
I end with a message to the straight white boys and men in the middle of the table: “We need your protection, we need your love, we need your care and we need your kindness.”
We know, as I have said, that daughters and young girls learn how to be treated by their partners by watching how men treat women in their lives, and young boys learn how to be men from the men in their lives, so we need all men, regardless of colour, class and economic status, to lead by example.
Women are literally fighting for their lives.
I want every single man in the world watching this debate to join us in that struggle.
We should all believe in fairness.
We should all believe in ending discrimination and homophobia.
In the time that it has taken me to make this speech, one woman globally will have been killed by her partner or a family member.
May her soul rest in peace.
It is a true privilege to speak in this year’s debate.
I will start by acknowledging just some of the women in Scottish politics who are inspiring and paving the way for future generations of women in Scotland, especially the next generation of female politicians.
There is our Chief Whip, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Aberdeen North (Kirsty Blackman) , who would have loved to be here today but sadly could not make it; Karen Adam, our MSP for Banffshire and Buchan Coast; and two—only two—of our local councillors in Aberdeenshire: Gwyneth Petrie, our opposition group leader, and Louise McAllister, our group chair.
I pay tribute to the tireless work done by Sally Donald, a member of staff for my neighbouring MP, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Moray West, Nairn and Strathspey (Graham Leadbitter) .
As co-chair of ParliGender, the workplace equality network advocating for gender equality  in Parliament, she has introduced a mentorship scheme for female members of staff, which has been very popular, showing the demand for such schemes in this place.
While I stand here and thank the women who have committed their time, energy and lives to the people of Scotland, I want to take a second to note that at our current pace, a girl born today will be nearly 40 years old before women in this place hold as many seats in Parliament as men.
That is a devastating statistic in the face of this year’s theme: rights, equality and empowerment.
Although we are honoured to be in a Parliament that has the highest number of female MPs in history, let us not forget that women were only able to stand in elections as late as 1918.
Up until 1997, women had never held more than 10% of the seats in Parliament.
On this day dedicated to the rights, equality and empowerment of all women, I want to acknowledge the additional challenges that exist for women in today’s society, the obstacles they face to enter the world of politics and those that persist once they are here.
I want to acknowledge how much stronger and more diverse this House would be with more female colleagues sitting on these Benches.
I pay tribute to the great women of our independence movement in Scotland.
There are too many to mention, but I will name two: the late, great Winnie Ewing, who was an MP here, and the late president of the Fraserburgh SNP branch, Nancy Duffy.
I am endlessly inspired by my female colleagues and the female Members on these Benches.