The numbers have come down, compared with where they should be.
The area that the hon.
Gentleman highlights would be a very good and fruitful one for people to learn more about and get the skills they need.
Before we come to business questions I am sorry to have to pass on the sad news that a long-standing colleague, Peter Hipkins, passed away at the weekend after a short illness.
Peter devoted 52 years of service to the House of Commons, latterly working in service delivery in the Palace, ensuring the papers were always delivered correctly and on time.
He previously worked as an attendant in Norman Shaw North and 3 Dean’s Yard.
During his working life, he was known and well thought of at all levels of Parliament, from the colleagues he worked with to the thousands of Members he ensured could go about their duties and all the public and visitors to Parliament.
He will be missed.
Will the Leader of the House give us the forthcoming business?
I shall.
The business for the week commencing  10 March  includes:
Monday 10 March —Second Reading of the Crime and Policing Bill.
Tuesday 11 March —Remaining stages of the Employment Rights Bill, day one.
Wednesday 12 March —Remaining stages of the Employment Rights Bill, day two.
Thursday 13 March —General debate on the future of farming, followed by a general debate on mental health support in educational settings.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 14 March —Private Members’ Bills.
The provisional business for the week commencing  17 March  will include:
Monday 17 March —Remaining stages of the Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill, day one.
Tuesday 18 March —Remaining stages of the Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill, day two.
Wednesday 19 March —Consideration of Lords amendments to the National Insurance Contributions (Secondary Class 1 Contributions) Bill, followed by Opposition day, first allotted day, second part: debate on a motion in the name of the official Opposition, subject to be announced.
Thursday 20 March —General debate on knife crime among children and young people, followed by a general debate on coastal communities.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 21 March —The House will not be sitting.
Mr Speaker, may I first associate myself very strongly with your kind remarks about Peter Hipkins and his service to this House?
We join all colleagues in celebration of International Women’s Day this Saturday.
I am sure the whole House will also share my deep concern at the latest news in relation to Ukraine and will wish to send all of our best wishes to the Prime Minister and other European leaders in doing everything they can to support that country.
It is now three months or so since I became shadow Leader of the House, and I am sad to say that these joyous Thursday morning sessions seem to have fallen into a little bit of a rut. [
Interruption.] “
No, no!”,
I hear you cry, “Business questions are still as fresh, lively and engaging as they ever were, if not more so,” but sadly I fear that is not true.
It is our function on the Opposition Benches to press public concerns and raise questions about the Government—indeed, as His Majesty’s loyal Opposition, it is not only our function, but our constitutional duty to do so.
It is the Government’s job to respond to those questions and concerns and, in  so doing, to make the case publicly for the policy choices and decisions they have made and to say whether they have an underlying strategy.
Unfortunately, as you will have noticed, Mr Speaker, the Government are not doing that in our sessions.
In fact, the Leader of the House rarely, if ever, responds to the important public questions and concerns that I raise.