Last year, Luton airport invested £110 million in local businesses.
It knows the value of businesses, particularly small and medium-sized enterprises, in places like Luton.
Every weekend, I do a small business Saturday shout-out.
What can we do to ensure that small businesses in Luton get a fair crack of the whip when it comes to public sector procurement?
It is brilliant to hear about my hon.
Friend’s leadership in supporting small businesses and the work they are doing in her constituency.
We are absolutely determined that SMEs should have that fair crack.
The new national procurement policy statement asks us to maximise spend with small businesses.
It also sets stretching and transparent targets for each Department, which will be brought to the House.
We will be held to account for delivering on them.
The targets in the national procurement policy statement for Government Departments to buy from British SMEs are to be strongly welcomed.
The benefit will be long term, with broad and essential sources of investment, and we will improve our economy’s domestic resilience.
Bus manufacturing is an area that needs domestic resilience, with over 100 jobs recently lost in the Falkirk area because the previous Government failed to support British buses.
At the bus expert panel next week, does the Minister expect a general increase in domestic procurement following the updated national procurement policy statement?
As soon as I saw my hon.
Friend’s name on the Order Paper, I knew that he would mention buses, because he has never missed an opportunity to raise this critical issue with me.
The Government are absolutely committed to supporting the UK’s domestic bus manufacturing industry and ensuring that the procurement system recognises the high standards and quality of UK manufacturers.
The new national procurement policy statement aligns with our industrial strategy and pushes us to maximise spend with SMEs.
As a result, contracting authorities across the country must now consider how their procurement strategies can support the industrial strategy, including the bus manufacturing strategy.
Recent figures show that hundreds of small businesses have been opening up across Ipswich, and I am proud that we are now ranked in the top 10 of areas in the country where the number of SMEs is growing.
However, I am ambitious for my town and want to go further.
What steps are the Government taking to ensure that, as part of our skills agenda, young people in towns such as Ipswich have the chance to find skilled, long-term, well-paid employment with SMEs, and, in doing so, boost public procurement and our local economy?
There is so much young talent in Ipswich and in communities across the country, but too many young people are struggling to get on to the employment ladder, and we know the scarring impact that that can have on their lives.
We need to ensure that the £400 billion spent on public procurement means something in communities such as Ipswich.
We are streamlining how we measure social and economic value so that there is a very clear ask that is linked to our missions, including the opportunity mission, to deliver jobs and skills to young people out of work.
We are asking those who win Government contracts to advertise in local jobcentres so that people in Ipswich and communities across the UK can benefit from Government contracts.
In January it was reported that nearly 7,000 construction firms were on the brink of insolvency—that is on top of the 4,000 that folded last year.
A major cause of this is payment delays by large contractors.
Given that project bank accounts, which protect against payment delays, are used by only some Departments, will the Minister act where the previous Government failed to do so and introduce these accounts across all Departments?
I really welcome this question.
It is so important to small businesses that they are paid on time—I have heard time and again that late payments threaten their very existence.