My hon.
Friend is also a first, so I congratulate her on that—and, yes, I absolutely agree with her on that point.
On average, we will all live to see 80 Christmases.
The thing is, what are we going to do with them?
Some people in the world are acting like they will live forever—God, I hope we do not, and I know that that will not be the case—but some pass through the world, leaving it just as they found it.
Our job in Parliament is to change the world for the better.
We need to leave an indelible footprint by ensuring that the world protects all women, not just straight, white women.
We should start with the gay women, the black women and the disabled women.
If we protect those, we will protect all women and the world will be a better place.
I often say that I cannot get my rights until everybody has their rights, because our rights and our lives are very much intertwined—whether we believe it or not.
And just because I am pro-women, pro-LGBTQI+ and pro-black, it does not mean, as has been said online, that I am anti-white; far from it.
I am pro-jerk chicken and rice and peas and I still love a bit of pie and mash and fish and chips.
We can love more than one thing and be pro many things.
I want to end with a cold reality check.
In Malcolm Gladwell’s brilliant book, “The Tipping Point” and in his follow-up book “Revenge of the Tipping Point”, he talks about the law of the very few, the overstory and the counterfactual line “what would have happened if”.
We were slowly winning the war on highlighting violence against women and girls, highlighting injustices and highlighting discrimination, but we did not appreciate the honest conversations that we needed to have around how epidemics work, or appreciate the power of group proportions.
We are fooling ourselves if we think that we bear no responsibility for this epidemic of violence against women and girls.
Epidemics have rules and they have boundaries.
They are subjected to overstories, and we in society are in a position of power to create those overstories.
These overstories change in size and shape when they reach a tipping point and it is possible to know when we are reaching that tipping point.
We are currently at that tipping point when it comes to violence against women and girls.
The opioid crisis in the US is a lesson for us all.
Most of the medical profession acted professionally, but a tiny fraction—just a few—did not, and that was enough to fuel an opioid epidemic in the US.
That tiny fraction was driven by a certain class of people, and those people can be identified.
The tools needed to control an epidemic are right in front of us.
They are sitting on the table, and we can either grab those tools or let the unscrupulous people grab them.
If we grab them, we can build a better world.
We need to take action and have an honest conversation.
We need to ensure that organisations that believe in fair pay get the procurement contracts.
We need to be mindful about the social media platforms that we use, and we need to elect people who care for many people, not just the 1%.
By doing that, we will accelerate action, which is the theme of International Women’s Day this year.
I end with a message to the straight white boys and men in the middle of the table: “We need your protection, we need your love, we need your care and we need your kindness.”