We all know that attacks from China on our national infrastructure as well as on our cyber-networks are becoming increasingly common, and it is clear that elements of the Chinese Government are behind them.
Yet, astonishingly, the Government are still failing to fully declare ministerial meetings with TikTok representatives.
Will the Minister ensure that meetings with TikTok executives are declared by Government Ministers alongside other senior media executive registrations, given TikTok’s huge presence in the media space, the massive public influence it has and the known cyber-risks posed by this Chinese platform?
There is a well-established process for transparency about meetings between Government Ministers and outside organisations, and TikTok will be treated in the same way as anyone else.
What steps he is taking to support small and medium-sized enterprises in public procurement.
What steps he is taking to support small and medium-sized enterprises in public procurement.
What steps he is taking to support small and medium-sized enterprises in public procurement.
What steps he is taking to support small and medium-sized enterprises in public procurement.
What steps he is taking to support small businesses in public procurement.
What steps he is taking to support small and medium-sized enterprises in public procurement.
What steps he is taking to support small and medium-sized enterprises in public procurement.
With permission, Mr Speaker, I will answer questions 4, 7, 11, 12, 13, 17 and 20 together—while the rest of the ministerial team go and have a cup of tea.
The wide-ranging interest in this topic shows just how much the £400 billion spent on procurement in the public sector matters for growth and for communities across the UK.
I was recently in Grimsby, where small businesses are delivering local growth, innovating and providing more than half of local employment.
MPs know that SMEs are vital for providing local employment in their communities.
Under the previous Government,  however, we became overly reliant on large consultants and a small number of big companies.
We have too often ended up locked into expensive, poor performing contracts, with companies able to drive up prices in closed markets.
That has to change.
The new national procurement policy statement asks the public sector to maximise procurement spend with small and medium-sized enterprises, and the Government are leading the way by setting ambitious public targets for Departments on spending on SMEs.
I am glad that I am at the front of this particular queue, Mr Speaker.
Right across the country we have amazing, cutting-edge businesses, such as Great Wave AI, a start-up in my constituency that is already helping the Government to take advantage of AI.
It wants to grow faster and do more work with Government Departments.
What work is the Minister doing to ensure that small British start-ups can play their part in the AI revolution in government, not just mega companies such as Meta, Microsoft and Google?
We have been absolutely clear that there are huge opportunities for AI to support the public sector to better personalise services and save money, but we have to keep up with the speed of innovation in how we buy.
I have heard from SMEs specialising in AI and digital transformation that the way we are doing procurement is too slow and too inflexible to keep up with that pace.
That is why I am working with the Minister for AI and Digital Government, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Enfield North (Feryal Clark) , to set up a new digital commercial centre for excellence to make sure that that changes, and that we have the best innovation from my hon.
Friend’s constituency and across the country in Government.
Last year, Luton airport invested £110 million in local businesses.
It knows the value of businesses, particularly small and medium-sized enterprises, in places like Luton.
Every weekend, I do a small business Saturday shout-out.