I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for reading my speeches so closely, but what he has misunderstood is that the teams are on the ground, and the process is to learn every week.
I am glad to report that I have already visited a couple of those areas, and good work is under way.
The whole point is that this will develop, it will adapt, and perhaps it will be different from the record of the Conservative party, which saw a growth of 131,000 public officials over the last—
Order.
I know we have mentioned Thursday and Friday, but I think we are on Sunday already.
The York Central development site is pivotal in driving forward York and North Yorkshire’s economy, and at the heart of that site will be a Government hub.
Will the Minister meet me to ensure that that hub is not separate from the rest of the site, but integrated in the economic vision that we have for York?
It is critical that Government property and Government assets support economic growth in constituencies, including that of my hon.
Friend, and I would be delighted to meet her to discuss that further.
To great fanfare the Government cancelled the previous Government’s contract for ministerial travel by helicopter, describing £40 million as “grossly wasteful”.
We now learn that the Government have signed their own contract for ministerial helicopter travel, but it is a secret contract—so secret that we do not know how much it will cost.
Will the Minister confirm whether it will cost more or less than £40 million?
I think on this one I had better write to the hon.
Gentleman.
Local people across my constituency have said how much they value and welcome the vast investment that we have seen in our public services, from our NHS to our schools and beyond.
Will the Minister please set out what steps are also being taken to reform our public services, working with other Cabinet colleagues?
As I have said a few times this morning, reform is important, particularly when the taxpayer is being asked to put in extra investment.
That is true in schools as well as in the NHS, because we want to ensure that teachers can do what they want to do, which is teach children in the classroom.
That is also why the best start in life is one of the targets in the Government’s plan for change, which was published in December.
During their eight months in government, what assessment have the ministerial team made of the productivity of the civil service?
What measures are they putting in place to improve it, and will the Minister report back to the House?
I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman for the work that he did on public sector productivity.
It was probably essential given that in the eight years between 2016 and 2024 the previous Government employed   an extra 131,000 civil servants, so it is quite right that we look at the productivity for the extra employment sanctioned by the last Government.
Does the Minister have an appetite for a policy of like-for-like retaliation when a cyber-attack by a hostile state is confirmed?
I have both appetite and full faith in our excellent intelligence and security services, who protect us every day.
That completes questions—after Jim Shannon.
The best is always last.
What assessment has the Minister made of the volume of apprenticeships offered within the cyber-security industry, specifically in relation to digital software and hacking prevention online?
We want to see more apprenticeships.
The numbers have come down, compared with where they should be.
The area that the hon.
Gentleman highlights would be a very good and fruitful one for people to learn more about and get the skills they need.