Given that project bank accounts, which protect against payment delays, are used by only some Departments, will the Minister act where the previous Government failed to do so and introduce these accounts across all Departments?
I really welcome this question.
It is so important to small businesses that they are paid on time—I have heard time and again that late payments threaten their very existence.
The construction playbook states that project bank accounts
“should be used unless there are compelling reasons not to.”
We are determined to crack down on late payments.
We have announced regular spot checks on prompt payments throughout our supply chains, and in the Budget the Chancellor said that the Government will be required to exclude suppliers from bidding for major contracts if they cannot demonstrate that they pay within an average of 45 days.
I welcome my hon.
Friend’s work on this matter, and I very much enjoyed meeting her to discuss  it.
I know that she has built a wide coalition, and I hope we can continue to work together on these important issues.
Pathways Care Farm is an amazing charity in Lowestoft that supports people with disabilities, those with mental health issues and ex-offenders to get back on their feet by working with animals and growing food.
The charity has excellent outcomes, particularly with helping people to get work-ready and improve their health, but it finds it hard to access opportunities for public contracts, such as social prescribing, because it is so small.
Does the Minister agree that organisations in the voluntary, community and social enterprise sectors and charities such as Pathways have an important role to play in providing solutions for the public sector?
I wholeheartedly agree.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Great Grimsby and Cleethorpes (Melanie Onn)  took me to a similar farm in her constituency that had been set up by an ex-prison officer.
I have to say that it was one of the most enjoyable visits I have had—it was great for my mental health to feed some alpacas and goats.
I have heard powerful stories about how social prescribing has changed lives, from ending chronic loneliness to helping individuals such as a man I met recently, who had found his first stable home in his 50s.
The new NPPS specifically asks contracting authorities to maximise spend with voluntary sector organisations, and we will be introducing targets for Government on spend with voluntary sector organisations and social enterprises.
The Government have listened to concerns from local authorities and are working to implement changes to allow them to reserve competitions for low-value contracts for local organisations.
Last but not least, Mr Speaker.
The mass grouping of these questions on this subject proves the failure of the previous Government to get a grip on this particular issue.
Can the Minister reassure me, and SMEs such as WJ Structures and Rothwells Paper in my constituency, that this Government will take steps to simplify the process, thereby keeping the pound local instead of contracts going to multinationals?
I very much welcome these questions— I could happily speak about procurement all day, because it is absolutely critical for delivering the Government’s missions.
The Procurement Act 2023 removes some of these challenges, but we need to do more.
That is why we are setting ambitious and stretching targets for direct spend on SMEs and have asked officials to review our framework contracts, in particular, to ensure that they are more accessible to SMEs.
The challenges raised by businesses in my hon.
Friend’s constituency are the same as those I have heard described by SMEs across the country—our procurement is too complex and too slow, and it needs to change.
We need to get that £400 billion into real jobs and SMEs in our communities.
I congratulate the Government Whips’ Office—[Laughter.]
What discussions have been had with the Crown Commercial Service regarding Romeo Mike 6277 network—RM6277?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his question.