On  Thursday 20 March , there will be a debate on British Sign Language Week and Government support  for the tourism industry.
On  Tuesday 25 March , there will be a debate on the retrospective accountability of the construction industry.
On  Thursday 27 March , there will be a debate on the prevention of drugs deaths, followed by a debate on the first anniversary of the Hughes report on valproate and pelvic mesh.
Yesterday, the External Affairs Minister from India, Shri Jaishankar, was attacked when he was leaving a public venue where he had been addressing an audience of Indian people in this country.
He was attacked by Khalistani thugs.
That is against the Geneva convention, and it appears that the police and the security forces failed to ensure that he was made safe.
That is an affront to democracy, and an affront to our friends and allies in India.
We need to make sure that does not happen again.
Will the Leader of the House ensure that the Home Secretary or an appropriate Minister makes a statement to the House about what protection we will have to ensure that visitors to this country are safe?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for organising the estimates days this week, and all the other debates.
I am sure he will appreciate that I have been generous, much more than my predecessors on some occasions, in giving him notice both of estimates debates and of slots for Backbench Business.
I have heard his plea today for as many of those as possible, and I will look kindly on it, as I have done previously.
I am very sorry to hear about what sounded like a serious attack on a visitor to this country from the Indian Parliament.
That is unacceptable and not the way in which we want our visitors to be treated, and I will ensure that the hon.
Gentleman receives a full response from the Home Secretary.
May I first wish the Leader of the House a happy International Women’s Day for Saturday?
My constituent Chris is among many people affected by the loan charge, which applies to “disguised remuneration” schemes.
While everyone should pay their fair share of tax, many, like Chris, used these schemes in good faith when they were legal and now face retrospective penalties.
The Government’s long-awaited review is a welcome step, but Chris and many others who have been affected feel that its scope is too limited.
They believe that it fails to examine how we got here, its implementation, or those who promoted and mis-sold these schemes.
Will the Leader of the House allocate time for a full debate on the loan charge and its consequences?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this serious matter.
I recognise the concern about the loan charge scheme, as do the Government, and we are committed to ensuring that there is a fair resolution for those affected.
We do not believe it is right for them to face years of uncertainty, which is why, as my hon.
Friend said, we have established an independent review.
It is tightly focused so that we can get the report out before the summer, with a Government response, and I will ensure that the House is kept fully up to date on that.
rose—
Order.
Many Members are here for the International Women’s Day debate, so I expect to run business questions until about midday.
The Budget turned the world, or at least the future of family farms, upside down.
Ever since then, we have seen mounting evidence of the impact that the changes to inheritance tax, business property relief and agricultural property relief will have on family farms.
That evidence has come from the industry, from industry experts and from tax experts.