Member is talking about deporting criminals when they should be deported.
He will be aware, or should be aware, that nearly 3,000 foreign criminals have been deported since the election, which is an increase of more than 20% compared with situation under the last Government.
However, he is right to point out that there are still gaps in that system, which is why we have brought in the Border Security, Asylum and Immigration Bill.
The Bill will strengthen powers to tackle illegal migration and the small boats, and enable the Government to pick up the pace even further on returning those who have no right to be here.
In a series of hard-hitting articles in The Herald and the Evening Times recently, the current condition of my home city of Glasgow was reviewed, and issues as diverse as potholes in Partick and poverty in Drumchapel, as well as the state of the public realm, were raised.
After 14 years of the Tories in Westminster, 18 of the SNP at Holyrood and eight of an SNP-Green administration in Glasgow, the city is in need of a new vision.
Does the Leader of the House agree that joining a five-city pact, as suggested by Andy Burnham, is a sensible suggestion, and how does she think the Government could support that ambition and the ambition of all of us who have the best interests of Glaswegians and Glasgow at heart?
I am sure my hon.
Friend can appreciate that I, as a Mancunian, agree with all of Andy Burnham’s suggestions—nearly all of the time, anyway—and this sounds like a very good one.
However, she makes the bigger point that the Scottish Government, along with the previous Conservative Government here in Westminster, have failed the Scottish people.
That is why people voted overwhelmingly for a fresh start with Labour at the general election, and I am sure that will continue.
Women are being forced to face significant risk in order to be inclusive.
Men must not be allowed access to women-only spaces, regardless of whether they believe themselves to be a woman—they are not.
We must prioritise safety over inclusivity, dignity over wokery, reality over ideology.
Will the Leader of the House commit to a debate in Government time on protecting women-only spaces and women-only services?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for that question.
The Equality Act 2010, which was brought in by a Labour Government, is absolutely clear on the provision of women-only spaces and that they are to be  protected, especially where they are needed.
We are proud to have brought in the Act and we stand by it.
I am sure he would have wanted to say in his question that the Labour party has done more to support women— to close the gender gap, to reduce inequalities, and to tackle violence against women and girls—than perhaps his party or the Conservative party.
The B23 postcode in my constituency has experienced a troubling surge in knife-related offences.
The west midlands violence reduction unit has been instrumental in addressing the issue, engaging with over 8,000 young people and contributing to a 18% reduction in youth violence involving knives between April and September 2024.
However, the violence reduction unit depends on short-term annual funding, which restricts its capacity for long-term strategic planning.
Will the Leader of the House schedule a debate in this Chamber to discuss the incredible work of violence reduction units and explore the long-term funding arrangements for these organisations?
Absolutely.
My hon.
Friend raises a really important issue.
The Government are determined to tackle knife crime.
She is right that this is a long-term strategy.