My hon.
Friend is being generous in giving way.
Perhaps he might consider that the instances of motor vehicles being stolen to order are a symptom of organised crime, just as we recognise that pet theft is now a key contributor to organised crime.
I accept that behind the incidence of pet theft there is organised crime, but in the latest figures that we have, that organised crime has resulted in only some 2,000 incidents of dog theft, compared with more than 130,000 incidents of motor vehicle theft, many of which have been stolen to order.
I accept that some of the pet theft we are experiencing is because pets of increasing value are being stolen to order, so I am not saying that we should not deal with that; I am saying that we should ensure that the guidance issued reflects the public priorities and does not divert too much police resource away to concentrate on pet theft rather than other crimes such as motor vehicle theft.
That is the background to new clause 1, which would require the Secretary of State to publish guidance on the enforcement of the provisions of the Act.
I hope that in responding, my hon.
Friend the Minister will say that he will do that anyway, so there will be no need to include this provision in the Bill.
In our discussion, one of the points made by my right hon.
Friend the Minister of State was that he would prefer the Bill to go through the House totally unamended.
I suspect, however, that that aspiration has been abandoned, because the promoter of the Bill, my hon.
Friend the Member for Southend West, has tabled her own amendments.
They seem perfectly reasonable, but that would mean the Bill would be amended in this place.
If the Bill is to be amended, one or two of her amendments could be a complemented by other amendments, should they be necessary.
In that respect there has been a development since our meeting, when nobody declared a need for the Bill to be amended.
My hon.
Friend will speak in due course.
I will speak briefly to some of my other points.
The Bill, as drafted, states:
“A person (A) commits the offence of dog abduction if they—
(a) take a dog so as to remove it from the lawful control of any person,
or
(b) detain a dog so as to keep it from the lawful control of any person who is entitled to…it”.
It is only after having been arrested for that offence that a person could take advantage of the defence, under clause 1(2), that before the alleged abduction the pet was living in the same household as that person.
On a point of order, Madam Deputy Speaker.
As the House will be aware, very serious events have taken place overnight in the middle east, with Israel apparently striking targets in Iran.
That could lead to further, very serious escalation.
As a former armed forces Minister and now a member of the Defence Committee, may I take this opportunity to say that it is important, as the House is fortuitously sitting today, that a Minister from either the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office or the Ministry of Defence comes to the House as soon as possible to make a statement on exactly what we know about the attacks and what the Government believe the implications might be?
Madam Deputy Speaker, have you or the Speaker’s Office had any indication that the Government intend to make such a statement, and, if so, at what time?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his point of order.
As he says, he is an ex-armed forces Minister.
There has been no indication either to myself or to the Speaker’s Office, so far as I am aware, that the Government intend to make a statement.