Friend, I will not do that.
She herself has said to me in private that she thinks there is a lot to be said for what I am trying to achieve on microchipping.
I have a specific amendment linking microchipping to the text of the Bill.
The guidance is perhaps another way of achieving the same objective.
My right hon.
Friend reminds me that when the Bill came out of Committee, it was originally put on the list of Bills to be considered without debate on a Friday, on the basis that everything that could have been said about it had already been said and it should now proceed directly to the statute book.
It was with wry amusement that I saw that my hon.
Friend  the Member for Southend West (Anna Firth) , the promotor of the Bill, has now taken advantage of the opportunity provided by having a debate on Report to put down her own amendments to the Bill.
She could not have done that if her original intention of having the Bill go through all remaining stages on the nod had been implemented.
I hope she will thank me for that.
Since the Bill was first produced, the Government have brought forward some important new measures related to microchipping to deal with the problems of the conflicting or complementary microchipping databases.
The pet theft taskforce was commissioned to look into these issues of pet abduction, and it strongly recommended that something be done to ensure that there is one consistent database for microchipping that is accessible to vets, the police and local authorities.
I was pleased to see that the Government have issued guidance, and that there will potentially be new regulations, on that.
When we met, the Minister told me that that will come into force before the end of this year.
Hopefully that will make the use of the microchip database easier and reduce the costs of enforcement.
Obviously, the priority that a Bill or an issue has in the House depends largely on the views of right hon.
and hon.
Members.
The Government obviously believe that pet abduction is an important issue, as indeed it is, but we need to keep it in context with the burden on the enforcement authorities of bringing in new laws and, with that, new penalties and essentially new pressure for prosecutions.
That is why the guidance will be important.
The latest figures that I have show that in 2020, with 9.6 million dogs in the country, there were only 2,000 reports of dog theft.
By contrast, the latest figures show that in England and Wales in 2022-23, 130,521 motor vehicle thefts were reported—one every five minutes.
We therefore need to keep the issue in context.
There seems to be an exponential increase in the incidence of motor vehicle theft and an inability of the police and the prosecuting authorities to investigate thoroughly and prosecute the perpetrators.
The number of motor vehicle thefts being resolved by the prosecution and enforcement authorities seems to be derisorily low.
I therefore do not think we should have guidance that essentially says to the police that dealing with the potential prosecution or investigation of a theft of an unmicrochipped dog or cat should take precedence over trying to find the perpetrators—often gangs—who are stealing motor vehicles to order off the streets, and in some cases even from people’s garages or drives.
My hon.
Friend is being generous in giving way.
Perhaps he might consider that the instances of motor vehicles being stolen to order are a symptom of organised crime, just as we recognise that pet theft is now a key contributor to organised crime.