Between them, they have ensured that Essex police are now fully integrated into the national pet taskforce, tackling crime through the review of all investigations, the introduction of a proactive ability to respond to intelligence and joined-up working with partners, including Crimestoppers, the RSPCA and DogWatch.
As a practical example, my hon.
Friend the Member for Southend West tells me that this proactive approach was put into action earlier this year when police released footage of the dachshund, Twiglet, struggling to get away from a thief.
With help from the public, the police were able to return Twiglet safely home to her family.
I will allow my hon.
Friend to send Twiglet the Hansard.
I declare an interest.
In my boyhood, I had a pet dachshund called Tiger—my parents had a sense of humour, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I loved that little dog dearly.
When I told him that I was taking him out for a walk, he went completely bananas.
I have fond memories of Tiger and, if he were still with us, he, too, would be delighted.
Unfortunately, he has passed away, so there is no one to send the Hansard to.
I also thank the Conservative Animal Welfare Foundation, of which my hon.
Friend and I are avid supporters, brilliantly led by Lorraine and Chris Platt and their team, who are absolutely passionate about animal welfare—the clue is in the name.
They, too, will be delighted that this legislation is going through.
Finally, I know that our great friend Sir David Amess would have been delighted to see this day.
David, as the whole House well knew, was passionate about animal welfare.
One of his great skills, as you will know, Madam Deputy Speaker, was working cross-party; it was forming coalitions for the common good.
I look up at his plaque and across to that of Jo Cox, who also died in the service of this House.
She once said that we had more in common.
This is a nation of animal lovers and what my hon.
Friend has done brilliantly today is to get cross-party support.
She has motivated that sense of having more in common across the House to do something that will make animals safer.
They cannot speak for themselves; we must do it in their lieu.
She has done brilliantly, and she had another win recently on banning zombie knives.
I will, if I may, be presumptuous and say that, if David were still with us and somehow my hon.
Friend were still the MP, he would be very proud of what she has done today.
She is turning out to be an incredibly worthy successor to my great friend and she has come up with an incredibly worthy piece of legislation.
I and Members across the House wish her Bill godspeed.
I echo what my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Rayleigh and Wickford (Mr Francois)  has said about Sir David.
Like other Members, I strongly welcome this legislation.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend  the Member for Southend West (Anna Firth)  on her work.
I am pleased that her Bill has made it to this stage, with wide-ranging support in North West Norfolk and, obviously, across the country.
The Bill introduces new criminal offences in relation to the taking or detaining of a dog or cat from the lawful control of any person.
As I mentioned in an intervention, I declare an interest as the owner of a cat, Hetty, and I pay tribute again to the Cat Protection League for its successful campaign, which I supported, to ensure that cats are in the Bill, in clause 2, along with dogs.
Someone found guilty of abducting a dog or a cat under these new offences will be liable to a maximum of five years imprisonment, a fine, or both, which is a significant step forward and aligns with animal cruelty offences covered by the Animal Welfare Act 2006.