and insert
“, so far as they extend to England and Wales, come into force”.
This is a technical amendment to ensure that it is clear how the commencement of clauses 1 and 2 operates in so far as those clauses extend to England and Wales (rather than just in relation to England).
Amendment 21, page 5, line 7, at end insert
“provided that the Secretary of State has fulfilled the requirement to publish the guidance required by section [Guidance]”.
Amendment 16, page 5, line 11, leave out “and 2”.
This amendment is consequential on the removal of clause 2 from the Bill.
Amendment 20, page 5, line 11, leave out “in relation” and insert
“so far as they extend”.
This is a technical amendment to ensure that the commencement of clauses 1 and 2 is dealt with in the same way throughout clause 6.
The First Deputy Chairman of Ways and Means took the Chair as Deputy Speaker ( Standing Order No.
3 ).
I beg to move, That the House sit in private.
Question put forthwith ( Standing Order No.
163 ) and negatived.
Consideration of Bill, as amended in the Public Bill Committee
Before we begin, I remind Members of the differences between Report and Third Reading.
The scope of the debate on Report is the new clauses and amendments that have been selected.
The scope of the Third Reading debate to follow will be the whole Bill as it stands after Report.
Members may wish to consider those points and then decide at which stage or stages they want to try to catch my eye.
“(1) The Secretary of State must publish guidance on the enforcement of the provisions of this Act.
(2) Before issuing guidance under subsection (1), the Secretary of State must consult the Crown Prosecution Service.
”—(Sir Christopher Chope.)
Brought up, and read the First time.
I beg to move, That the clause be read a Second time.
With this it will be convenient to discuss the following:
Amendment 1, in clause 1, page 1, line 2, after “if” insert “without lawful authority or a reasonable excuse”.
This amendment seeks to ensure that an offence is only committed if the acts complained of are shown to have been made without lawful authority or a reasonable excuse, so that it is not necessary for the person alleged to have committed the offence to prove their innocence.
Amendment 2, page 1, line 3, after “to” insert “permanently”.
This amendment seeks to ensure that only acts where the dog is permanently removed from lawful control would fall under the offence.
Amendment 3, page 1, line 3, leave out “any person” and insert “its keeper”.
This amendment seeks to ensure that only where a dog is removed from the lawful control of its registered keeper falls under the offence, rather than removal from any person.
Amendment 4, page 1, line 5, after “to” insert “permanently”.
This amendment seeks to ensure that only acts where the dog is detained so as to permanently keep it would fall under the offence.
Amendment 5, page 1, line 5, leave out from “of” to end of line 6 and insert “its keeper”.
This amendment seeks to ensure that only where a dog is detained so as to keep it from its registered keeper falls under the offence.
Amendment 6, page 1, leave out lines 21 to 23.
This amendment is consequential on Amendment 1.
Amendment 7, page 2, line 16, leave out “(3)”.
This amendment is consequential on Amendment 6.
Amendment 8, page 2, line 30, at end insert—
“(aa) references to a dog are only to a dog which—
(i) has been implanted with a microchip pursuant to the Microchipping of Cats and Dogs (England) Regulations 2023; or
(ii) has been certified as exempt from such an implant under those Regulations”.