The Government made microchipping compulsory for dogs in England in 2016, and we are now extending the benefits of that legislation to cats.
From  10 June , all owned cats in England over the age of 20 weeks must be microchipped and registered on a compliant database.
Microchipping is a safe, simple and effective procedure.
The average cost is £25, plus an average £10 registration over the lifetime of the animal.
Microchipping undeniably helps to bring displaced pets home.
In the UK, around 90% of dogs have been microchipped.
In 2023, more than 70% of cats have already been voluntarily microchipped.
Our post-implementation review of the Microchipping of Dogs (England) Regulations 2015—the predecessor to the 2023 regulations—showed that this legislation has had a positive effect on reunification rates.
Stray dogs that have been microchipped and have up-to-date database records are more than twice as likely to be reunited with their keeper than stray dogs without a microchip.
Police and local authorities can and do issue notices requiring a dog to be microchipped where it is not already.
That has been demonstrated to be an effective mechanism to support compliance.
Since we introduced the English compulsory cat microchipping legislation, we have been working closely with a number of animal welfare stakeholders to develop a co-ordinated communications campaign to explain to cat owners the benefits of microchipping and the new legal requirements.
Last summer, we even enlisted the support of our chief mouser Larry the cat, who himself was once an un-microchipped stray, before being taken in and rehomed by Battersea Dogs and Cats Home.
Larry’s tweet on International Cat Day, explaining the importance of microchipping for reuniting pets with their owners, received half a million impressions.
I am also grateful to stakeholders who have helped to spread the message at the start of our 100-day countdown campaign to the introduction of these measures.
With just over 50 days to go before the  10 June  deadline, we are ramping up our communications strategy with stakeholders for that final push.
I urge anyone who has not yet microchipped their cat to do so as quickly as possible.
Our communications around the new cat microchipping rules, as well as around this Bill, will provide a clear message that microchipping will help bring abducted pets back home sooner.
However, compulsory cat microchipping is just one of a number of planned microchipping reforms.
Last month, we published our response to the consultation on English pet microchipping reform.
We are committing to a number of improvements to the microchipping regime around three themes: first, making it easier for approved users to access records; secondly, improving the accuracy of records; and thirdly, standardising database operator processes.
Those reforms will implement one of the key recommendations of the pet theft taskforce that more robust processes should be in place to stop stolen pets being registered to new keepers by ensuring that the current keeper has up to 28 days to object to a transfer of keepership request made to a database operator before any transfer can go through, and by preventing database operators from creating a duplicate microchip record for a pet.
We are also making all database operators record whether a pet is reported as missing.
That will assist enforcement bodies and flag concerns to a database operator, should they receive a transfer of keepership request.
We are looking to legislate specifically to deal with that issue in due course.
My hon.
Friend the Member for Southend West has eloquently outlined how the amendments tabled by my hon.
Friend the Member for Christchurch would overly restrict the Bill, and the Government cannot support them.
My hon.
Friend the Member for Christchurch rightly made some points on guidance in his new clause 1 and amendment 21 and asked for statutory guidance to be issued by the Secretary of State.