The Bill is the opportunity to do that.
I hope all Members support it.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend  the Member for Southend West (Anna Firth)  on her work on the Bill, which is much needed, and I am very pleased to speak in favour it.
We are a nation of dog and cat owners, and many Members will be able to say that those animals are like family, and to speak about the fact that they play such an important role in our life and the life of our children.
I do not know where Marmalade and Merlin came from, the newly famous Southend West residents, but Magic and Ninja came from Cats Protection, which has had so many mentions today.
I know, through Magic and Ninja, what an impact cats can have on families, in particular children.
In Milton Keynes, we have an abundance of green spaces, with miles and miles of lake shoreline and canal towpaths—ideal for walking dogs.
If you need to walk a dog, come to Milton Keynes.
But that brings with it the added risk of pet theft.
As an animal lover, and the representative of a beautiful constituency in which to walk the dog, I have to say that the very idea of stealing pets, often for profit and breeding, is sick.
The Bill fills a gap that has existed in law for far too long.
Until now, pet theft was categorised as a type of property theft.
That is in no way reflective of the nature of the crime and its impact on victims.
We spoke briefly about the link with organised crime.
It is increasingly worrying that, like other types of theft, such as the theft of farm machinery and prestige vehicles, pet theft seems to be done to order by gangs of organised criminals.
The supply chain of organised crime is obviously horrendous.
To think that pet theft is financing it is abhorrent.
In Milton Keynes and the wider Thames Valley, our rural crime taskforce has recently been nearly doubled in size, which will be a significant comfort to the many legitimate breeders based in our villages.
I applaud our police and crime commissioner, Matthew Barber, for making that decision.
It is critical that the punishment for this crime is enough to deter individuals and groups from engaging in this despicable criminal activity.
The Bill ensures exactly that; I applaud my hon.
Friend the Member for Southend West and the Government for the work that they have done to develop it so far.
Under the legislation, offenders will face the possibility of up to five years in prison, a fine or both.
The spectre of such punishment should have the desired effect.
Organised crime groups profit particularly from the trade in pedigree cats, but such groups will think twice about offending, should the Bill become law.
The Bill addresses differences in the behaviour of dogs and cats really well.
Dogs spend much more time indoors than cats.
Try keeping cats indoors.
They tend to roam outside freely, at their own will, visiting neighbours—“Six Dinner Sid” springs to mind.
The Bill understands that distinction, and ensures that for cats, the offence applies only when a cat is taken, not when it is detained.
That will mean police can focus on cases of clear criminality without undue interference.
He is no longer in his place, but my hon.
Friend  the Member for Christchurch (Sir Christopher Chope)  raised concerns about police time; this aspect of the legislation goes some way to ease those concerns.
This is sensible and practical law-making.
The new offences mean that we can start to record the crimes with better accuracy.
As we have heard, some forces record these crimes specifically, and others do not.
We will be able to spot patterns that could be linked to certain factors, such as organised crime.
This Conservative Government can be proud of their achievements on animal welfare.