There is no guarantee, given political uncertainty and the febrile nature of politics at the moment, that there will be time for the Bill to reach the statute book.
The Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Committee is right to make those observations, and it is deeply regrettable that, contrary to what the Government promised in their May 2021 action plan for animals, they have failed to take leadership in cracking down on the rising rates of pet abduction.
Labour will not be supporting the amendments tabled by the hon.
Member for Christchurch, but I hope that the Bill can proceed intact to Third Reading and beyond.
First, may I from the Government Benches send our condolences to Mr Speaker, who is unable to be here today because he is attending his father’s funeral?
We send our sympathies to him.
It is a pleasure to speak about this Bill, which is so important to many people.
I thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Christchurch (Sir Christopher Chope)  for his considered attention to the Bill, not only today but previously and in the meetings that I and my right hon.
Friend the Minister of State held with him in consideration of the points he has brought to the House.
I also thank him for his support of some of the measures that we are bringing forward in the Bill.
I thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Southend West (Anna Firth)  for her considered responses and her contributions on Report.
Let me start by addressing amendments 1, 6 and 7.
As was eloquently outlined by my hon.
Friend the Member for Southend West, the Bill already makes it clear that prosecutors bear the burden of proof.
We want to create suitable offences that will crack down on cases of dog and cat abduction, and I agree with my hon.
Friend’s assessment that amendments 2 and 4 would undermine the scope for prosecutions to be  brought for the offences of dog and cat abductions.
I, too, urge my hon.
Friend the Member for Christchurch to withdraw amendments 1, 2, 4, 6 and 7 on the basis of the points that I have made and the contributions from my hon.
Friend the Member for Southend West.
New clause 1 and amendments 3, 5, 8, 9, 10, 16 and 21 have already been discussed.
I commend the dedication of my hon.
Friend the Member for Christchurch to microchipping.
I know he has a branch of Cats Protection in his constituency, as does my hon.
Friend  the Member for North West Norfolk (James Wild) , who rightly contributed to this debate, stating that Cats Protection has been instrumental in supporting the extension of the compulsory microchipping requirements to cats.
I am pleased about both the extension and its support for this issue.
From the first moment that an offence of dog abduction was introduced in this place, MPs and stakeholders alike have asked for it to be extended to cats.
The Department has received a significant number of letters from the public and parliamentary questions from right hon.
and hon.
Members in support of this proposal.
I agree with my hon.
Friend the Member for Southend West that the Government cannot support removing cats from the scope of the Bill.
However, I understand that the desire of my hon.
Friend the Member for Christchurch to remove cats from the scope of the Bill was guided by the laudable intention of incentivising microchipping.
I am pleased that we very much agree on the importance of microchipping, which is the best way to reunite people with lost and abducted animals.
The Government made microchipping compulsory for dogs in England in 2016, and we are now extending the benefits of that legislation to cats.
From  10 June , all owned cats in England over the age of 20 weeks must be microchipped and registered on a compliant database.
Microchipping is a safe, simple and effective procedure.