The Bill introduces new criminal offences in relation to the taking or detaining of a dog or cat from the lawful control of any person.
As I mentioned in an intervention, I declare an interest as the owner of a cat, Hetty, and I pay tribute again to the Cat Protection League for its successful campaign, which I supported, to ensure that cats are in the Bill, in clause 2, along with dogs.
Someone found guilty of abducting a dog or a cat under these new offences will be liable to a maximum of five years imprisonment, a fine, or both, which is a significant step forward and aligns with animal cruelty offences covered by the Animal Welfare Act 2006.
I am pleased that the Bill includes an enabling power to allow these provisions to be extended to other animals commonly kept as pets—a bid has been made for tortoises already in the debate.
Pets are stolen for many reasons: because of the breakdown of relationships, or for breeding, resale, extortion or even dog fighting.
Those thefts have a traumatic  effect on the owners and the pets, so it is right that pet theft is tackled through the creation of specific offences.
The origins of the Bill are in the work of the pet theft taskforce, which recommended the creation of the specific offence of pet abduction, which is being implemented through this legislation, because the Theft Act itself was not proving effective.
There has been discussion during the debate about the scale of the problem.
The taskforce concluded that reliable data on pet theft was limited.
The most accurate figures that I could find for my area, Norfolk, was through an FOI response from Norfolk police, which showed that, between 2019 and 2023, 40 cats and 85 dogs were recorded as stolen.
Overall, Battersea reports around 1,300 dog thefts and nearly 400 cat thefts in 2022.
That is likely to be significantly underreported, for obvious reasons.
As my hon.
Friend the Member for Southend West mentioned, it is about the individual cases; there do not need to be tens of thousands of cases for this to be important legislation.
However, I welcome the Bill’s intention to improve the recording and monitoring of these offences.
When we legislate and pass important powers such as these, it is important that they come into effect rapidly, so I welcome the amendment that my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Suffolk Coastal (Dr Coffey)  secured in Committee, which set a date for the legislation to come into effect three months after Royal Assent.
In 2019, the manifesto that I was proud to stand on committed to improving animal welfare standards, and this Bill delivers on that commitment.
As a nation of animal lovers with a proud history of championing and taking action on animal welfare, the Government have already passed a host of measures, including CCTV becoming mandatory in slaughterhouses, compulsory microchipping and tougher sentences for animal cruelty.
To conclude, around a third of households own a dog, and a quarter of households have a cat.
We need to protect these family members, and this legislation does just that.
I therefore commend my hon.
Friend for her hard work in bringing the Bill forward, and I look forward to supporting it through its final stages.
I call the shadow Minister.
Let me reiterate how strongly we in Labour support these measures.
I again thank  the hon.
Member for Southend West (Anna Firth)  for bringing the Bill forward.
I also echo her comments, and those of others, about Sir David Amess.
I think he absolutely would have been thrilled to see this legislation going forward today.
I would also echo the hon.
Lady’s comments about the many animal welfare charities that work so hard on this and provide such excellent briefings.
Again, I think they too will be very pleased to see the legislation going forward.