Friend the Member for Christchurch would overly restrict the Bill, and the Government cannot support them.
My hon.
Friend the Member for Christchurch rightly made some points on guidance in his new clause 1 and amendment 21 and asked for statutory guidance to be issued by the Secretary of State.
I agree that guidance will be essential for frontline workers enforcing new pet abduction offences, ensuring that those are used appropriately.
The Government are committed to working with key stakeholders to ensure that appropriate guidance relating to this Bill will be available before the Bill’s offences come into force.
The cross-Government pet theft taskforce already establishes relationships with police officers, operational partners and animal welfare organisations working in the area, so we have a network already in place, and I can confirm that conversations are already under way.
I will ensure that the points that my hon.
Friend has rightly raised are part of the conversations that are already under way.
Enforcers will have the support and information they need to effectively implement the legislation once it comes into force without the need to legally require enforcement guidance.
I know that my hon.
Friend the Member for Christchurch is concerned about people benefiting from the legislation when they have shirked their responsibility to have their pets microchipped.
I assure the House that we are doing work with police colleagues to make them aware that, in the event that they recover an abducted cat or dog that is not microchipped, they have the power to issue a notice under the English microchipping regulations requiring those pets to be microchipped within 21 days.
For completeness, failing to comply with such a notice is an offence and subject to a fine of £500.
In addition, the Microchipping of Cats and Dogs (England) Regulations 2023 provide for the police to be able to take the animal in question to be microchipped without the keeper’s consent, and allow the costs associated with that to be recovered.
The enforcement regime for the English microchipping legislation is designed to ensure that an animal will end up being microchipped if it is found not to be.
We understand that most people comply with such a notice where issued, so only a small number of such cases are taken through the courts.
In addition to the existing enforcement mechanism, we are considering enabling penalty notices for the offence of not microchipping a cat or dog through the Animal (Penalty Notices) (England) Regulations 2023.
In summary, I cannot, therefore, commit that we will work—[Interruption.]
I am sorry; I can commit—I want to reiterate that—that we will be working closely with enforcement partners to ensure that my hon.
Friend’s concerns are addressed.
We are working at speed to prepare for this engagement.
On the amendments tabled by my hon.
Friend the Member for Southend West, I thank her for bringing forward these minor, technical adjustments to the Bill.
The Government support them and agree that their clarity help to progress the Bill, specifically in relation to clauses 1 and 2.
I urge all hon.
Members to support them.
With the leave of the House, I will respond to the debate.
We have made great progress, and I am grateful to my hon.
Friend the Minister for facilitating that.
My amendments—particularly amendments 10 to 15—were designed to address the problem of potential waste of police and local authority enforcement resources in trying to trace pets that had not been microchipped.
My hon.
Friend, in saying what he did about the guidance and advice that will be given to enforcement authorities, got to the core of my concerns.
It has never been my intention to be anti-cat.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Southend West (Anna Firth)  suggested that I do not think that cats matter.
I will not put myself into a category where cats do not matter, because I have enough emails coming in already on other issues. [
Laughter.]