Gentleman for his point of order.
As he says, he is an ex-armed forces Minister.
There has been no indication either to myself or to the Speaker’s Office, so far as I am aware, that the Government intend to make a statement.
Certainly, at the conference meeting this morning there was no indication that the Government intended to make a statement, but Government Front Benchers will have heard his point.
Further to that point of order, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I do not for one moment wish to push my luck, but under the circumstances I believe that a statement is very important.
As you know, the Government can interrupt business at any time to make a statement.
Such is the importance of these events—and I notified the office of the Leader of the House that I would make this point of order—that I believe, before the House rises this afternoon, a Minister should come to the House to tell us everything that the Government know about what is going on.
I will leave it at that.
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his further point of order.
I note that he has informed the Leader of the House of his strong views on the matter, so I think he is right that at this stage we leave that there.
I take it from the ruling you have just made, Madam Deputy Speaker, that, unfortunately, there was no application for an urgent question on the matter that my right hon.
Friend raises.
If there had been such an application, in the circumstances it is likely to have been granted.
Perhaps the Government, when thinking about whether they will make a statement, should take into account that so far they have been very lucky that there was not an application for an urgent question in the required timescale.
They were probably prepared for such an eventuality, so it would be reasonable for the Government to come along and volunteer a statement, as my right hon.
Friend has requested.
The hon.
Gentleman is rather pushing his luck.
Could he return to his speech on the Bill?
You are quite right, Madam Deputy Speaker, to emphasise the importance of the Bill we are discussing.
This is not the only occasion when, compared with what is happening in the rest of  the world, the legislation we are discussing seems to many people to be relatively unimportant, but pet abduction is a very important subject for those who are directly affected by it.
Before the point of order, I was seeking to make the point that people should not be charged or arrested for dog abduction if it is clear at the time of the initial investigation that, at the time of the taking or detention of the dog, the person who took or detained the dog, the person from whom lawful control was taken and the dog all lived together in the same household.
Why should a household in that situation be faced with having to defend themselves against arrest and prosecution by using this defence?
Surely it would be better and fairer to require that someone only commits an offence if they abduct a dog without lawful authority or a reasonable excuse.
That is the background to my putting forward new clause 1.
We increasingly put the cart before the horse in accusing people of crimes and then forcing them to defend themselves against the allegations, instead of requiring the prosecuting authorities to look into possible defences or excuses before making an arrest or instituting a prosecution.
Amendment 2 is designed to test out whether an offence is committed if a dog is not permanently removed from someone’s lawful control.
I look forward to hearing the Minister’s comments in response to that.