It has also been compulsory in Northern Ireland since 2012.
As he rightly points out, microchipping has been a success story: around 90% of dogs in the UK are already microchipped.
There is also good evidence that microchipping works.
The Government’s recent post-implementation review of the Microchipping of Dogs (England) Regulations 2015 concluded that the introduction of the regulations had increased microchipping and reunification rates, with obvious benefits for animal welfare and pet owners.
I am delighted that these benefits are soon to be extended to cats, through the Microchipping of Cats and Dogs (England) Regulations 2023.
I agree with my hon.
Friend when he says that all cats over 20 weeks in England will need to be microchipped from  10 June  of this year, in a couple of months’ time, before—this is the key point—the Bill comes into effect.
Indeed, already, more than 70% of cats in the UK are microchipped; the levels are similar in England and Northern Ireland.
The amendments that my hon.
Friend seeks to make today are totally unnecessary, because we will be overtaken by events in relation to the microchipping of cats.
The effectiveness of microchipping relies on keepers ensuring that the information on the microchip is up to date.
That is what the police and the rescue centres need: accurate information to enable them to reunite the keepers with their animals swiftly and efficiently.
As I keep saying, I could not agree with my hon.
Friend more on the importance of that, but I do not think that it has anything to do with the Bill.
I am sure that my hon.
Friend the Minister will want to go into more detail about ways in which he intends to encourage more microchipping.
I understand my hon.
Friend’s motivation for his amendments 3, 5, and 8 to 16 to further incentivise compliance with microchipping, but as I have already made clear, there is a high level of compliance already,  and further legislation is coming down the track shortly.
There is also an effective enforcement mechanism: where a dog in England is found not to have a microchip, police in local authorities have the power to issue a notice.
That notice will require the keeper to get that dog microchipped within 21 days.
That will apply unless the dog has been certified as exempt from the microchipping, perhaps by reasons relating to health, and it is an offence to fail to comply with that notice.
A person would be liable for a fine of up to £500, and the same regulatory regime will soon come into force and apply to cats.
As I have said, these amendments are not necessary, because we will soon be overtaken by events.
However, far more importantly, amendments 3, 5, and 8 to 16 would restrict the scope of this Bill considerably.
Amendments 10 to 16 would remove cats from the Pet Abduction Bill entirely, as well as removing certain dogs from the scope of the offence.
I regard that as a very retrograde step indeed, and one that I would oppose entirely.
This legislation has been a long time coming.
It has been very carefully considered by the pet theft taskforce, involving three Government Departments, and to seek to undermine it in this way is entirely wrong.
Will my hon.
Friend give way?
No, I will not give way.
My hon.
Friend had a very long time to speak and I would like to get through my remarks.
Cats are among the most beloved pets in the UK.
There are around 11 million pet cats across the country, and a quarter of households have them.
I must declare an immediate interest here, as I have two wonderful cats, Merlin and Marmalade, who are appalled by these amendments, which would take them entirely out of the protection of the Bill.