I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for bringing that more accurate information to the Chamber and illustrating that we are talking about a figure in the thousands for cats, just as for dogs.
If we were to remove cat abduction from the Bill, as per the amendments from my hon.
Friend the Member for Christchurch, we would be sending a clear message that cats do not matter as much as dogs.
That would be wholly wrong.
It would certainly be met with a great deal of resistance from my constituents in Southend West.
While I am on the subject of cats, I would like to correct the record.
It has come to my attention that, in Committee on  Wednesday 31 January , responding to a question from my hon.
Friend the Member for Dover about indoor pedigree cats such as ragdolls, I inadvertently misspoke.
When speaking about extending some of the dog provisions to holding indoor cats, I said that clause 3 should enable further provisions to be made, but that is not the case.
The enabling power in the clause relates only to the abduction of animals commonly kept as pets other than dogs and cats.
I want to make that clear.
However, as I said clearly in Committee, and as I assured hon.
Members then and now, clause 2 already applies in relation to the taking of a ragdoll cat.
The amendments would exclude certain categories of dog.
Although amendment 8 acknowledges that dogs can temporarily be exempt from microchipping requirements for medical reasons, it does not recognise that puppies do not have to be microchipped until they are eight weeks old.
Were the amendment to be accepted, a person taking or detaining puppies would be entirely exempt from the offence of dog abduction, yet we know that high-value puppies may be the subject of organised crime.
Yesterday, I consulted the police and crime commissioner for Essex, Roger Hirst, about the Bill, and he reminded me—as an Essex MP, you may recall this case, Madam Deputy Speaker—that a litter of blue merle French bulldog puppies, valued at £100,000, in nearby Basildon was stolen in its entirety, in a clear case of organised crime.
To exclude puppies from the Bill would be another extremely retrograde step.
The amendment would have the same effect in relation to dogs that have been imported into England by their keeper for a holiday of less than 30 days, as the 2023 regulations do not require them to be microchipped.
It would also exclude certain working dogs, such as police and Army dogs, that do not have to be microchipped until they are three months old; they would be unprotected before then.
In addition, there is a risk in relying on a definition laid down in secondary legislation that is crucial to the interpretation of the Bill.
There is a risk of unintended consequences in the application of the offences were the secondary legislation to be amended.
Furthermore, the Microchipping of Cats and Dogs (England) Regulations do not apply in Northern Ireland, which has its own microchipping legislation.
As a result, if the amendment were made, the abduction of most dogs in Northern Ireland would be excluded from the scope of the dog abduction offence—another backward step.
It is important to recognise that the abduction offences in the Bill are deliberately framed around the broad concept of lawful control.
By not using terms like “keeper” or “owner”, the Bill recognises that different people have lawful control of our dogs at different times.
By changing the wording as proposed in amendments 3, 5 and 9, a person taking a dog so as to remove it from the lawful control of a dog walker, for example, would not be committing an offence.
I do not believe it is right for a dog to be afforded different levels of protection in law according to the individual the dog happens to be with at any given time.