In preparing for today’s debate, I checked with Durham police on the rate of pet theft in their area, and was pleased to learn that it has fallen significantly, from 66 recorded thefts in 2019 to only nine in 2023.
Although I welcome that reduction, nine is still many, and this Bill will send out a real signal to further address the issue.
Although Durham has had a welcome reduction in such thefts, parts of our country sadly still see worrying levels of pet theft.
Pets will be stolen purely for the selfish retention of the animal, depriving the family it belongs to of the pet’s companionship, and inflicting a  sense of loss.
Alternatively, pets may be stolen for onward sale, breeding or fighting.
Whatever the reason for a theft, it is unlikely that the place the animal ends up in will be better than the loving home it has been taken from.
The Bill must be seen in the context of the wide range of animal protection legislation we have enacted, which recognises animal sentience; increases sentences for animal cruelty; gives new protections to service animals; revamps local authority licensing; implements Lucy’s law; bans third-party puppy and kitten sales; and mandates microchipping for cats and dogs.
Of course, we must also not forget the Bill, which I was proud to support, bought forward by my hon.
Friend  the Member for North Devon (Selaine Saxby)  to deal with puppy, kitten and ferret smuggling.
In conclusion, our pets are our constituents’ dearest companions and most loyal friends, and we need a specific offence with specific penalties for their theft.
I wholeheartedly support this Bill, and look forward to it completing its remaining stages today.
While we earnestly await a statement from the Government on the Israeli strikes against Iran last night, I wanted to take the opportunity to pay full tribute to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Southend West (Anna Firth)  for her wonderful work on this Bill.
It is a pleasure to follow my hon.
Friend  the Member for Darlington (Peter Gibson) , who mentioned that he had read the names of his three pets into Hansard.
If he is like most of us, he will now have sent each pet a copy of Hansard so that they know they were mentioned, and we hope that went down well with them.
I will come on to praise my hon.
Friend the Member for Southend West at the end, but perhaps I may briefly tell the House about some other people who I know will be very pleased to see this legislation pass in the House today.
Let me begin with a great friend, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Chingford and Woodford Green (Sir Iain Duncan Smith) , who, unfortunately, is detained on other important business today.
The issue before us has always been close to his heart.
He has had some horror stories from his constituency about pet theft, so I know that he, a former leader of our party, will be delighted at my hon.
Friend’s success with this Bill.
Next is our very proactive and hard-working police, fire and crime commissioner in Essex, Mr Roger Hirst, who takes this issue very seriously, ably supported by our dynamic chief constable, Mr Harrington—perhaps his dynamism is due in part to the fact that he used to be a paratrooper.
Between them, they have ensured that Essex police are now fully integrated into the national pet taskforce, tackling crime through the review of all investigations, the introduction of a proactive ability to respond to intelligence and joined-up working with partners, including Crimestoppers, the RSPCA and DogWatch.
As a practical example, my hon.
Friend the Member for Southend West tells me that this proactive approach was put into action earlier this year when police released footage of the dachshund, Twiglet, struggling to get away from a thief.