As we have heard, some forces record these crimes specifically, and others do not.
We will be able to spot patterns that could be linked to certain factors, such as organised crime.
This Conservative Government can be proud of their achievements on animal welfare.
The Bill will widen the scope of the Government’s action plan on animal welfare.
It is another step forward in putting the UK at the forefront of animal welfare globally.
Toughening the country’s laws against animal cruelty is a key priority.
That is why we have already passed legislation such as the Animal Welfare (Sentencing) Act 2021, which raises the maximum sentence for animal cruelty from six months to five years, and the landmark Animal Welfare  (Sentience) Act 2022, which became law two years ago and formally recognises animals as sentient beings in domestic law.
The Bill almost acts as a strong-arm extension of that Act.
Pets are sentient beings, whom we have to love and cherish as our own.
We need laws that recognise that fact and, crucially, protect them.
In that regard, this Government have delivered and then some.
Our progress on animal welfare does not stop there.
We have also passed legislation requiring the microchipping of cats, as we heard from the Minister; cat owners must microchip their cats by June this year.
That will make it easier to pick up cats that have been abducted, and to identify stray pets, so that they can be reunited with their owners.
It is always a pleasure to speak in support of Bills that have clear cross-party support and cut through party political battle lines.
Issues such as these remind us of the common ground we have in this place, and that we can put party politics aside to make progress on areas of policy such as animal welfare, which matters to millions of people across the country.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend  the Member for Southend West (Anna Firth)  on her work on this Bill.
She has worked tirelessly on this issue, and I have been pleased to support her at every stage, including by serving on the Public Bill Committee.
We are a nation of animal lovers.
As the owner of three dogs—I will not name them again, as they are already extensively recorded in Hansard—I can say that this Bill provides us all with greater confidence that those who would seek to steal our beloved pets will pay the price.
Our pets are not just possessions, as the law has previously treated them.
In the Bill, we are acknowledging the important relationship we all have with our pets, who are cherished members of our family.
The theft of a pet is an incredibly distressing experience, for both the pet and its owner, so it is no surprise that the vast majority of the public support making pet theft a specific offence.
My constituency postbag regularly contains correspondence from constituents who have concerns about animal welfare, be it puppy smuggling, dog-on-dog attacks or the theft of a beloved family pet—an issue that the Bill addresses.
I have yet to meet anyone who does not acknowledge that the theft of a family pet would cause far more pain and anguish than that of a wallet, purse or phone.
Pets simply have far more than simply monetary value to us, and it is right that the law seeks to acknowledge that, and marks them out as different from inanimate objects.
In preparing for today’s debate, I checked with Durham police on the rate of pet theft in their area, and was pleased to learn that it has fallen significantly, from 66 recorded thefts in 2019 to only nine in 2023.
Although I welcome that reduction, nine is still many, and this Bill will send out a real signal to further address the issue.
Although Durham has had a welcome reduction in such thefts, parts of our country sadly still see worrying levels of pet theft.