The horrendous stories that we heard in that APPG underscore how vital it is that this legislation moves forward.
It is an excellent step forward, and I think it sends a message to those who would try to abduct pets, particularly dogs and cats, that it is not acceptable.
We wish to underscore that, and this Government have a mandate to do so.
Before closing, I wish to give my condolences to Mr Speaker for his loss.
I did not have the privilege of personally knowing his father, but from my understanding, he has been a great servant to politics across both Houses.
I wanted to pass on my condolences today, Madam Deputy Speaker.
Let me begin by saying that Labour strongly supports the measures to tackle pet theft and abduction, and I thank  the hon.
Member for Southend West (Anna Firth)  again for introducing the Bill.
Let me also echo the comments about Doug Hoyle, and the condolences to Mr Speaker.
Much of the discussion in Committee was about timing—a subject that has come up again this morning—but I will start by addressing amendments that have already been discussed, particularly amendment 10, which would effectively remove cats from the scope of the Bill.
The hon.
Member for Christchurch (Sir Christopher Chope)  seems to play an important role in this place on Fridays.
Along with some of my colleagues, I have felt frustrated on occasion by the degree of challenge that he presents,  but I think it important for legislation to be properly challenged, so I thank him for the points that he has raised this morning, especially in relation to the amendments relating to dogs, which open up a range of wider issues.
I will not go through the amendments in detail one by one, because the hon.
Member for Southend West dealt very effectively with many of those points and I found myself in agreement with her on all of them, but there are bigger issues involved in the way in which we register and track dogs.
All this is complicated, and I know from talking to vets in my shadow ministerial role that they worry about being dragged into ownership disputes as a consequence.
I think it is part of a wider discussion, and I am certainly not opposed to our having that discussion, but I agree with the hon.
Lady that there is a danger of our being drawn into delays and also into diminishing the scope of the Bill, which I think would be disappointing.
Labour will therefore not support the amendments tabled by the hon.
Member for Christchurch.
Amendment 10, which relates to cats, strikes me as something much more fundamental, and we oppose it strongly.
As my colleagues and I have argued throughout the long saga of this Bill and its predecessor, cat theft is a real issue.
I note the discussion about numbers, but I suspect that there is a degree of under-reporting—the offence does not currently exist, so why would anyone report it?
Those who advocate for cats are, unsurprisingly, appalled by the prospect of the Bill’s being savaged in this way.
Cats Protection tells me that
“with 11 million owned cats in the UK, we know how much cats mean to families and how devastating their theft is—both to the humans who love them and the cats themselves.”
It says:
“In just a few weeks of running some supporter actions, we had over 40,000 cat lovers get involved in campaigning for cats to be included in any pet theft legislation including over 10,000 letters to MPs.
It is imperative that cats are included in the Bill.”
I am sure the hon.