Friend  the Member for Keighley (Robbie Moore)  and my right hon.
Friend the Minister for Food, Farming and Fisheries, with whom I was privileged to have a meeting last week to discuss my amendments.
They will have a better understanding of the way I work than quite a lot of other colleagues.
I am pleased that as a result of that meeting there was essentially an agreement—an acceptance—that we must try to link communications about the appalling incidents of pet abduction or theft to the need for people to microchip their loved animals, particularly dogs and cats.
In the course of that discussion, it was pointed out by the Minister of State that before the Bill is to become law, it will be necessary for guidance to be discussed with the Crown Prosecution Service regarding exactly what the enforcement provisions would be.
I hope that in responding to this debate, my right hon.
Friend will expand on that point.
Following that discussion, I thought I would table a new clause about guidance, so that any references in the debate could include references to the specific issue of guidance that would be issued following the enactment of the Bill.
I would like that guidance to set out clearly the position for people who do not microchip their cats and dogs.
Microchipping of dogs is mandatory and has been since 2010, but we know that something between 5% and 10% of the 9.5 million dogs in this country are not microchipped.
In early June, it will be mandatory for all cats to be microchipped, and probably about 70% have been microchipped by now.
I hope that we can send out a message, in discussing this important legislation, that if someone does not have their cat or dog microchipped, they should not expect the law to rush to their assistance in the event of their cat or dog being abducted.
Apart from anything else, if they complain to the police that their dog or cat has been abducted and it has not been microchipped, it is all the more difficult to identify it, search for it and so on.
On that great principle of English equity, it seems to me that if someone seeks the protection of the law, they should come with clean hands.
In this context, that means they should be able to say that they have complied with the law in respect of the pets for which they have responsibility and have microchipped them.
I hope people will realise that if they do not—I hope that the Government will point this out in the guidance—have their pets microchipped, they will not be able to take advantage of the benefits and special provisions in this legislation.
My hon.
Friend is making a fair point that if people want help when their dogs have been stolen, they should have them properly chipped in accordance with the regulations.
I do not think puppies are included in that.
It is important that we think about the pet owners for whom we are trying to get this Bill through.
I know that he is not seeking in any way to block it, but these people would almost certainly have complied with the law, and I understand that the amendment would make it far more difficult for the police.
While I understand the sentiments, I hope he will not press this to a Division.
I will hold my counsel on that until I hear the Minister’s response.
If I said now that I agree with the Minister before he has even said anything, I would be closing off an important option.
Despite the temptation from my right hon.
Friend, I will not do that.
She herself has said to me in private that she thinks there is a lot to be said for what I am trying to achieve on microchipping.
I have a specific amendment linking microchipping to the text of the Bill.