It says:
“In just a few weeks of running some supporter actions, we had over 40,000 cat lovers get involved in campaigning for cats to be included in any pet theft legislation including over 10,000 letters to MPs.
It is imperative that cats are included in the Bill.”
I am sure the hon.
Member for Christchurch will say that a campaigning organisation making the case effectively does not necessarily lead to good law, but I think the point we can take from what it has said is that there is considerable public interest in the issue, and an expectation that action will be taken.
As for the microchipping issues that have been raised, I genuinely believe that they can be resolved.
After all, we do not look at other theft offences and say that we will not tackle them because what was stolen could not be microchipped.
There was a particular irony in the discussion in Committee about timing and whether the Bill could be implemented within three months.
I think Conservative Members know exactly what I am going to say: this could have been done fully two years ago.
We need not have been here today.
This is yet another private Member’s Bill that has appeared as a result of the Government’s abandonment of the Animal Welfare (Kept Animals) Bill.
It seems to me that the real question about this Pet Abduction Bill is, “Who abducted the kept animals Bill, and for what purpose?”
I have asked that question repeatedly but have never been given an answer, and I am certain that I will not be given one today.
It is just another of those DEFRA mysteries—like the mystery of how the Secretary of State comes to override the advice of his permanent secretary, but that is one for another day.
The Government’s decision to ditch that major piece of animal welfare legislation has caused enormous disappointment to the animal welfare charities that had worked so hard on it for years, to pet owners and to members of the public, all of whom care deeply about protecting animals against cruelty.
Most importantly, of course, it has allowed the mistreatment of animals to continue.
We will never know how many animals might not have been abducted had this legislation been passed earlier—I am not the only person to have said that.
The same point was made powerfully earlier this month in a report by the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Committee:
“The Government’s withdrawal of the Animal Welfare (Kept Animals) Bill stalled progress on key animal welfare issues.
These delays have allowed the continuation of poor animal welfare practices.
The Department must ensure that every provision from the Animal Welfare (Kept Animals) Bill is brought into force during the current Parliament.
We welcome the introduction of Private Members’ bills that will take forward vital animal welfare measures, but note that the Government was relying heavily on Members who were successful in the Private Members’ bill ballot being willing to take on its handout bills to deliver its manifesto promises, rather than committing to bringing forward the legislation itself.
While on this occasion it may prove successful, it was nonetheless a risky strategy.”
That is why we are here today, discussing this issue with a piece of legislation that, frankly, is at risk because of the process we are going through.
There is no guarantee, given political uncertainty and the febrile nature of politics at the moment, that there will be time for the Bill to reach the statute book.
The Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Committee is right to make those observations, and it is deeply regrettable that, contrary to what the Government promised in their May 2021 action plan for animals, they have failed to take leadership in cracking down on the rising rates of pet abduction.
Labour will not be supporting the amendments tabled by the hon.