Amendment 7, page 2, line 16, leave out “(3)”.
This amendment is consequential on Amendment 6.
Amendment 8, page 2, line 30, at end insert—
“(aa) references to a dog are only to a dog which—
(i) has been implanted with a microchip pursuant to the Microchipping of Cats and Dogs (England) Regulations 2023; or
(ii) has been certified as exempt from such an implant under those Regulations”.
The above Regulations provide for the compulsory microchipping of dogs and the recording of each dog’s identity and its keeper’s contact details on a database.
This amendment ensures that the offence of dog abduction can only be made in respect of dogs which have been microchipped (or are certified as exempt) in accordance with those Regulations and will thereby incentivise keepers to comply with the rules about microchipping.
Amendment 9, page 2, line 34, at end insert—
“(aa) “keeper” has the meaning given to it under the Microchipping of Cats and Dogs (England) Regulations 2023”.
This amendment ensures that “keeper” is intended to have the same meaning as under the specified Regulations.
Amendment 10, page 2, line 39, leave out clause 2.
This amendment removes the offence of cat abduction.
Amendment 11, in clause 3, page 3, line 36, leave out “or 2”.
This amendment is consequential on the removal of clause 2 from the Bill.
Amendment 12, page 4, line 5, leave out “or 2”.
This amendment is consequential on the removal of clause 2 from the Bill.
Amendment 13, page 4, line 8, leave out “or 2(5)”.
This amendment is consequential on the removal of clause 2 from the Bill.
Amendment 14, page 4, line 38, leave out “or 2”.
This amendment is consequential on the removal of clause 2 from the Bill.
Amendment 15, page 5, line 6, leave out “and 2”.
This amendment is consequential on the removal of clause 2 from the Bill.
Amendment 19, page 5, line 6, leave out
“come into force in relation to England”.
and insert
“, so far as they extend to England and Wales, come into force”.
This is a technical amendment to ensure that it is clear how the commencement of clauses 1 and 2 operates in so far as those clauses extend to England and Wales (rather than just in relation to England).
Amendment 21, page 5, line 7, at end insert
“provided that the Secretary of State has fulfilled the requirement to publish the guidance required by section [Guidance]”.
Amendment 16, page 5, line 11, leave out “and 2”.
This amendment is consequential on the removal of clause 2 from the Bill.
Amendment 20, page 5, line 11, leave out “in relation” and insert
“so far as they extend”.
This is a technical amendment to ensure that the commencement of clauses 1 and 2 is dealt with in the same way throughout clause 6.
Before I begin to address the issues, Madam Deputy Speaker, may I, on behalf of myself and many others, express our condolences to Mr Speaker, who I know is unable to be present today because he is attending his father’s funeral?
I had the privilege of serving with Doug Hoyle in this House from 1983 until 1992, and he was an exemplar for Back-Bench activity during that time.
Our sympathies are very much with Mr Speaker.
Turning to the amendments, and particularly new clause 1, I thank the Under-Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Keighley (Robbie Moore)  and my right hon.
Friend the Minister for Food, Farming and Fisheries, with whom I was privileged to have a meeting last week to discuss my amendments.
They will have a better understanding of the way I work than quite a lot of other colleagues.