We increasingly put the cart before the horse in accusing people of crimes and then forcing them to defend themselves against the allegations, instead of requiring the prosecuting authorities to look into possible defences or excuses before making an arrest or instituting a prosecution.
Amendment 2 is designed to test out whether an offence is committed if a dog is not permanently removed from someone’s lawful control.
I look forward to hearing the Minister’s comments in response to that.
Amendment 3 is designed to ensure that an offence is committed only where a dog is removed from the lawful control of its registered keeper, rather than where it is taken from any other person.
I know it will be said that if someone is a dog walker or running some kennels and is not the registered keeper, the offence of pet abduction should equally apply, but in those circumstances the more serious offence of theft should be applied under the Theft Act 1968.
Again, that would emphasise the distinction between somebody who is a registered keeper and whose details are set out on the microchip database, and another person to whom the dog has been given for safe keeping, for whatever reason.
Amendment 4 would test out the distinction between the requirement of permanence where someone is depriving an owner of their dog, which in essence comes under the Theft Act 1968, and the less stringent requirements under this Bill.
Amendment 5 is a similar amendment to ensure that only where a dog is detained so as to keep it from its registered owner would there be an offence.
Amendment 6 is consequential on amendment 1, and amendment 7 is consequential on amendment 6.
That brings me to amendment 8, which deals with the key point that caused me to get engaged on Report, because we have a great opportunity to link this new offence of pet abduction to the microchipping requirements.
As I understand it, there are very few prosecutions for people keeping dogs or cats without complying with the microchipping requirements.
The microchipping requirement in respect of cats does not become law until early June, but that law is already well in place in respect of dogs.
As with all these things, there is a danger that the Government make regulations or legislate and then no proper enforcement takes place.
Why, after 10-plus years, are probably the best part of 1 million dogs that should be microchipped still not?
What is being done about that?
Why is nothing being done about it?
My amendment provides an opportunity to get the Government to explain why microchipping is a good idea but only for 90%, not 100%, of dog owners.
Amendment 9 would give the word “keeper” the same meaning in the Bill as it has under the Microchipping of Cats and Dogs (England) Regulations 2023.
Again, that is a sensible and modest amendment.
Amendment 10 is a probing amendment to tease out from the Government what is happening in dealing with cat abduction.
When they set up their taskforce, it recommended that dog abduction should become the subject of the pet abduction legislation and that at some future stage references to cats and other pets could be made.
When I think of other pets, I think particularly of our old next-door neighbour—sadly, she has died—who was a great lover of tortoises and had lots of them.
She was the subject of a cruel theft of her tortoises and I hoped that in due course tortoises would come within the scope of this legislation, as they can do under the provisions of clause 3.
I declare an interest, as a cat owner—my cat is called Hetty.
Part of the reason that cats have been provided for specifically in the Bill, a move I supported, was the excellent campaign run by Cats Protection.
The briefing I have received from Battersea shows that there were 379 pet cat thefts in 2022 .