Again, I urge my hon.
Friend the Member for Christchurch to withdraw those amendments.
Finally, let me turn to my two minor technical amendments, 19 and 20, to clause 6.
You will recall, Madam Deputy Speaker, that my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Suffolk Coastal (Dr Coffey)  tabled in Committee an amendment relating to the commencement, which was agreed to, so the original Bill was changed slightly.
That is the main driver for my two minor technical amendments, which are practically stylistic in content.
They intend to clarify the Bill’s drafting in respect of the commencement of clauses 1 and 2, which introduce the new offences of cat and dog abduction.
The amendments confirm that those clauses, so far as they extend to England and Wales, will come into force three months after the Bill receives Royal Assent.
They also confirm that clauses 1 and 2, so far as they extend to Northern Ireland, will come into force on a date appointed in an order by the Department of Agriculture, Environment and Rural Affairs of Northern Ireland.
For clarity, the amendments are stylistic and do not in any way change the policy of the Bill.
I urge hon.
Members to support those minor clarifications of the Bill.
I rise to support the Bill of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Southend West (Anna Firth)  and the amendments in her name, and to thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Christchurch (Sir Christopher  Chope)  for all the effort, thought and consideration he has put into the work he has done.
As I mentioned, I lost my kitten when I was aged four, when microchipping was not a thing—it is one of my most prominent childhood memories.
It still stays with me, but if microchipping had been possible then, we might have found that kitten and come back together as a family.
It was such an issue for a young girl—losing my very first pet—so I thank my hon.
Friend for all of his consideration.
Microchipping is extremely important, as he says, and I am very glad that the Government will bring forward legislation in the near future.
I wish to speak briefly about a role that I had over the past few years until recently—that of chair of the all-party parliamentary dog advisory welfare group.
I praise and thank my hon.
Friend the Member for Southend West for taking this Bill through Parliament.
During my time as chair of that group, we were able to bring Lucy’s law into legislation, and it made such a huge difference to animal lovers right across the United Kingdom.
I have chaired a number of all-party parliamentary groups, and that is one of the most popular that I ever chaired: during the pandemic, up to 500 members attended the meetings online, and well over 100 people would attend every single meeting in Parliament itself.
We must recognise that the UK is most definitely a country of dog lovers.
I also pay tribute to the local animal welfare sanctuary in Bothwell, just next to my constituency, which I visit very regularly.
It covers the whole of South Lanarkshire, including my constituency, and I thank it for its work.
When I chaired the dog advisory welfare APPG, pet theft was a huge issue not only because, as my hon.
Friend the Member for Southend West said, some of the dogs stolen were extremely highly pedigreed and valuable, but because the fate of some of the dogs was heinous.
Often, people were taking the dogs as bait for dog-fighting purposes.
The horrendous stories that we heard in that APPG underscore how vital it is that this legislation moves forward.
It is an excellent step forward, and I think it sends a message to those who would try to abduct pets, particularly dogs and cats, that it is not acceptable.
We wish to underscore that, and this Government have a mandate to do so.