This Bill will send a signal that we take animal welfare seriously in the UK.
One wonderful thing about the House is that we are often united when it comes to issues of animal welfare.
We are united in sending a signal to the world that we believe in, and are proud of, our record on animal welfare.
Of course, I have lots of people to thank.
I thank the people who have made significant contributions in this area over many years, including my right hon.
Friends the Members for Chingford and Woodford Green (Sir Iain Duncan Smith) and for Witham (Priti Patel); my hon.
Friends the Members for Stroud (Siobhan Baillie), for Dartford (Gareth Johnson) and for Ipswich (Tom Hunt); the former Lord Chancellor and Secretary of State for Justice, my right hon.
and learned Friend  the Member for South Swindon (Sir Robert Buckland) , with whom I was at Bar school; my hon.
Friend  the Member for Dover (Mrs Elphicke) ; Dr Daniel Allen; and Debbie Matthews, the daughter of the late Sir Bruce Forsyth.
I thank the many organisations that have given input and support, including the Conservative Animal Welfare Foundation, which is so ably led by Chris and Lorraine Platt; the Stolen and Missing Pets Alliance; Pet Theft Awareness; Cats Protection, which we have heard about again today; the Dogs Trust; Battersea Dogs and Cats Home; Refuge; and of course Southend’s own Tilly’s Angels, which prompted me to take this Bill on board.
I also thank the brilliant Essex police, fire and crime commissioner, Roger Hirst, for his help and support, and, more importantly, for all that he does to tackle pet abduction in Essex.
Tackling pet abduction, in particular dog theft, is a key objective in his police and crime plan.
As a result of his focus and the extra resources he deploys, we have seen a 10% reduction in the dog theft figures over the past year.
He does fantastic work.
If anyone in Essex wants to help him to keep fighting pet abduction, they will have the opportunity to do so on  2 May .
I want to emphasise the timely nature of the Bill.
Since Second Reading, new figures have been released by Direct Line showing a 6% uptick in the number of dogs abducted in the past year, with only one in six found and returned.
That is the lowest recovery level since 2015.
Those figures should concern us all, because of the number of pets who are traumatised and separated from their owners, most of them permanently.
Families are going without a beloved member of the family.
As I have said throughout, that is exactly what our pets are.
We have also seen distressing articles in my local paper about attempted pet abductions, which also seem to be on the rise.
Only last month, my local paper, the brilliant Southend Echo, carried an article about two thugs in Benfleet who jumped out of their van and hit a pensioner over the head with a lump of wood in an attempt to force him to hand over his beloved cocker spaniel.
Thankfully, the pensioner incurred only minor injuries and the dog was unharmed, but he was obviously deeply shaken.
This week, there has been a report of another incident in Benfleet; a man was attacked by two men in Woodside Park who were attempting to steal his dog.
Those reports underline how important it is that we get the Bill on the statute book, and that the police start taking action to enforce it.
These really are shocking incidents, and I implore all hon.
and right hon.
Members to back the Bill.
Pets need to be recognised in law for the sentient beings they are.
Their place in society needs to be properly recognised by the law of the land.
The Bill is the opportunity to do that.
I hope all Members support it.
I congratulate my hon.