Friend not get it right in the first place?
Why did they leave it until so late in the day before insisting that this amendment, and Amendment 20, be included in the Bill?
When she addresses her amendments, I hope that she can explain the background to that situation.
It shows that instead of being all-knowing and beyond criticism, Government drafters have some of the same frailties as Members of the House when trying to draft legislation, even with all the expertise that the Public Bill Office is able to bring to bear when assisting us in that task.
Amendment 21 links back to my new clause 1, which would make the commencement of the legislation contingent on the necessary guidance having been issued.
From discussions I had with the ministerial team, it seems that is the intent, but the amendment would put that in the Bill.
Amendment 16 is consequential, and I have already referred to amendment 20, in the name of my hon.
Friend the Member for Southend West.
That is a quick run-through of the amendments.
I hope it will generate a proper debate and discussion, and enable people who take an interest in the matter to become more familiar with the issues around microchipping, including the importance of ensuring that cats and dogs are microchipped, the burden on the enforcement authorities, and the deterrence that microchipping provides against those who are minded to engage in the theft of pets.
I hope those issues can be shared more widely across the country.
There is a lot more detail behind the Bill, but there is no need for me to go into any more of that at the moment.
If the Government cannot accept new clause 1, I hope they will be able to provide undertakings that its measures will be implemented voluntarily.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for passing on his condolences to Mr Speaker.
As he said, Doug Hoyle was a great parliamentarian and a very kind person, who was always there with a ready smile and good advice to all of us.
I pass on our condolences to Mr Speaker from the whole House.
I am delighted to have another opportunity to speak about this important Bill, and to speak to amendments 19 and 20, which are minor technical amendments in my name.
I thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Christchurch (Sir Christopher Chope)  for his interest in the matter.
I hope he will forgive me when I say that his amendments seem to fall into two broad groups: laudable concern about microchipping; and legal issues about the offence as drafted.
I will start with my hon.
Friend’s amendments concerning microchipping.
It is very clear that he has a great passion for ensuring that keepers microchip their pets.
I am sure that we can all get behind that as a general point; that is a very responsible way for dog and cat owners to behave.
Microchipping is a safe and reliable way of identifying animals.
Whether they are found as strays, or whether, in keeping with the topic of this debate, they are recovered having been abducted, the microchip should be a lifeline to help them get home.
That is obviously good for the animal and good for the keeper.
I agree wholeheartedly with my hon.
Friend’s wishes to ensure that we are more responsible and that we encourage microchipping, although I do not agree with his trying to lever those principles into the Bill.
The microchipping of dogs has been compulsory in England since 2016, nine years ago.
It has also been compulsory in Northern Ireland since 2012.
As he rightly points out, microchipping has been a success story: around 90% of dogs in the UK are already microchipped.
There is also good evidence that microchipping works.