By not using terms like “keeper” or “owner”, the Bill recognises that different people have lawful control of our dogs at different times.
By changing the wording as proposed in amendments 3, 5 and 9, a person taking a dog so as to remove it from the lawful control of a dog walker, for example, would not be committing an offence.
I do not believe it is right for a dog to be afforded different levels of protection in law according to the individual the dog happens to be with at any given time.
We know that dogs are commonly abducted from parks or gardens, when they may well be under the lawful control of a dog sitter, a dog walker, or another member of the family.
Why should a dog that is stolen or abducted in those circumstances be dealt with differently?
I do not believe that it should be, and think most people in this country would agree.
In summary, I believe that abducting a dog is an abhorrent crime—I think we can all get behind that idea —regardless of whom the dog was taken from, and exactly the same is true for cats.
Although I am of course sympathetic to the underlying intention of amendments 3, 5 and 8 to 16, they move the Bill far away from its intended spirit.
We simply cannot create a two-tier system in which only microchipped animals are in scope of the legislation.
Given that the legislation implicitly recognises that cats and dogs are sentient beings, it is absolutely not right for only those that are microchipped to be protected, so I urge my hon.
Friend  the Member for Christchurch not to press those amendments.
I will leave it to the Minister to address my hon.
Friend’s new clause 1 and amendment 21.
Let me address swiftly my hon.
Friend’s amendments 1, 6 and 7, which fall into the broad basket of legal amendments.
The explanatory statements to the amendments suggest that he is seeking to ensure that the person alleged to have committed an offence is not required to prove their innocence if they had a reasonable excuse or lawful authority for the act constituting the alleged offence.
I am pleased to say again that he and I agree in principle: the burden in a criminal case should always rest on the prosecution—that is a well and long-established principle of our English law—but, in my opinion, the Bill does just that.
Its drafting is such that the prosecution does bear, as usual, the burden of proof.
What he is referring to is the fact that the Bill places an evidential burden on the defendant in relation to the defences of reasonable excuse or lawful authority, in that they need to produce sufficient evidence to raise that issue, but the burden of proving the offence remains fairly and squarely on the prosecution.
My worry with the wording of the amendments is that they could introduce more uncertainty about the kind of burden that might be imposed, and could impose more of a burden on the defendant.
For those reasons, I urge him not to press amendments 1, 6 and 7.
I turn now to amendments 2 and 4, which are also legal amendments.
They seek to restrict the offences to situations where a dog is removed or detained permanently from a person’s lawful control.
The pet theft taskforce suggested an offence of pet abduction in order to move away from the formal ingredients needed to prove theft, one of which is the intention to permanently deprive, because that is more difficult to prove in relation to pets.
Putting that back into the Bill takes us back to a place we want to move away from.
Again, I urge my hon.
Friend the Member for Christchurch to withdraw those amendments.
Finally, let me turn to my two minor technical amendments, 19 and 20, to clause 6.