Cats are among the most beloved pets in the UK.
There are around 11 million pet cats across the country, and a quarter of households have them.
I must declare an immediate interest here, as I have two wonderful cats, Merlin and Marmalade, who are appalled by these amendments, which would take them entirely out of the protection of the Bill.
We heard impassioned stories on Second Reading about the importance of cats to people and the heartache it would cause them if they were lost.
We heard about Mrs Landingham, the cat of my right hon.
and learned Friend  the Member for South Swindon (Sir Robert Buckland) , and Liesl von Cat, the cat of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Stoke-on-Trent Central (Jo Gideon) .
We heard from my hon.
Friend  the Member for Dover (Mrs Elphicke)  about her beloved ragdoll cat and we have of course heard about Cats Protections today.
The “Cat Theft Report 2022” from Pet Theft Awareness shows that cat theft increased by 40% in 2021 and more than quadrupled between 2015 and 2022.
This is a growing problem.
Cats deserve the same protection as dogs.
Will my hon.
Friend give way?
I have already said to my hon.
Friend that I will not give way at this point—
At all?
Oh—I will give way.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for giving way.
It is a debate, and I wondered if instead of giving percentage increases she could give put a figure on the number of cat thefts.
My hon.
Friend is right to suggest that it is small.
It is a matter of hundreds, not thousands.
The point that I am making is that it is increasing.
I do not believe that cats deserve less protection.
As we heard on Second Reading from  the hon.
Member for Walthamstow (Stella Creasy) , who is not in her place, Bengal cats, which have a value of thousands of pounds, are among the cats being stolen.
We can check Hansard, but from memory they might be worth as much as £5,000.
The number of cats may be small, but the value of the cats both to the owner and in actual fact is significant.
My hon.
Friend is making a very good point.
It is about not just numbers but the emotional impact on families.
I declare an interest, as I lost a kitten at the age of four.
It still comes into my mind when I think about this Bill and how important it is.
It had an emotional impact on my whole family.
Numbers do not give the full flavour of the impact on the community across the United Kingdom who are cat lovers as well as dog lovers.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for that point.
She is absolutely right.
Whether someone’s cat is a mongrel, a rescue cat or a stray cat that they have rightly adopted and looked after, or—I have just checked Hansard—a £5,000 Bengal cat, to the owner they are a member of the family, and they deserve the same protection.
Merlin and Marmalade deserve exactly the same protection as my precious Cavapoochon, Lottie.
The House of Commons Library helpfully prepares a brief for these debates and it refers to Pet Theft Awareness, which conducted freedom of information requests across a number of forces.
Some of the biggest forces, including Greater Manchester and others, did not respond, but taking the figures from the Metropolitan police and applying them at the same percentage rate, we get a figure of around 1,500 cat thefts a year, rather than the 500 or so that were referred to.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for bringing that more accurate information to the Chamber and illustrating that we are talking about a figure in the thousands for cats, just as for dogs.
If we were to remove cat abduction from the Bill, as per the amendments from my hon.