I declare an interest, as a cat owner—my cat is called Hetty.
Part of the reason that cats have been provided for specifically in the Bill, a move I supported, was the excellent campaign run by Cats Protection.
The briefing I have received from Battersea shows that there were 379 pet cat thefts in 2022 .
I am not sure of the equivalent figure for tortoises, but I suspect it was a lot smaller.
I suspect that the incidence of theft of tortoises is much higher, if we look at the percentage of thefts in the relative populations.
My hon.
Friend says there were only 379 cases of cat theft, and my understanding is that there are 10.5 million cats, so if we work out the percentage of cat owners who find that they have been deprived of their cat, I suspect that it is much lower than the percentage of tortoise owners who find that their tortoise has been abducted.
However, I think what my hon.
Friend’s point shows is that, in the context of 10.5 million cats, 379 thefts is hardly a really serious issue.
He is a cat owner; I am not—my family are dog lovers, but the two are not necessarily incompatible.
I recognise the importance of microchipping cats.
Obviously, this legislation will not get on to the statute book until after the microchipping of cats has become mandatory, and until there are criminal penalties if that is not complied with.
I am proud to have visited the premises of the Cats Protection League in my constituency, in Ferndown, which is a very important centre for the rehoming of cats, and that is one of the great tasks that that important charity undertakes.
I am not against cats, but I tabled this amendment to test the Government’s thinking.
The original taskforce set up to look into these issues reached the conclusion that dogs should take precedence, but the Government subsequently gave way because of behind-the-scenes lobbying by interest groups—not as a result of public consultation—and supported the extension of the legislation to cats.
The taskforce’s advice was to start off with dogs and then extend the measures to cats.
All I am doing is, in a sense, repeating what the taskforce said.
The essence of my amendments 10, 11 and so on is that they would enable cats to be included at a later stage under the provisions of clause 3, thereby bringing the Bill into  conformity with the recommendations of the pet abduction taskforce.
If the Government do not want to do that—I understand why they may not—then so be it, but I still think that is worth exploring in debate.
That is why I tabled the amendments, including amendment 13, which is consequential on the removal of clause 2, as are amendments 14 and 15.
The next amendment on the amendment paper is amendment 19, in the name of my hon.
Friend the Member for Southend West, who promotes the Bill.
She says:
“This is a technical amendment to ensure that it is clear how the commencement of clauses 1 and 2 operates in so far as those clauses extend to England and Wales (rather than just in relation to England).”
Who could possibly object to that?
However, when Back Benchers bring forward legislation and do not get it drafted by Government lawyers, there is always something faulty with it, and Ministers delight in saying at the Dispatch Box, “We agree with the intent, but the wording is inadequate.”
The question I throw out for debate and discussion is this: why did the Government lawyers who drafted the Bill for my hon.
Friend not get it right in the first place?
Why did they leave it until so late in the day before insisting that this amendment, and Amendment 20, be included in the Bill?
When she addresses her amendments, I hope that she can explain the background to that situation.