Friend  the Member for Southend West (Anna Firth)  suggested that I do not think that cats matter.
I will not put myself into a category where cats do not matter, because I have enough emails coming in already on other issues. [
Laughter.]
Cats do matter, and so do dogs —and, for the sake of completeness, so do tortoises.
I have never been against including cats in the Bill, but I have been nervous about doing so when many cats are still not microchipped.
From  10 June , that will be compulsory and, as the Minister said, there will be stronger enforcement measures.
Given the number of local authorities issuing notices, I do not think they are applying their minds to it, but perhaps when they link that in with the prospect of complaints if cats have been abducted, they will realise that there is a strong link between the two issues.
I hope that the consequence of all this debate will be that we have a much better, more complete database, and that more cats and even more dogs will be microchipped.
Having a million-plus dogs not microchipped at the moment is unacceptable.
One cannot always say on a Friday that we have made progress, but I think that we have on this issue.
In the light of that, I beg to ask leave to withdraw new clause 1.
Clause, by leave, withdrawn.
Amendments made: 19, page 5, line 6, leave out
“come into force in relation to England”
and insert
“, so far as they extend to England and Wales, come into force”.
This is a technical amendment to ensure that it is clear how the commencement of clauses 1 and 2 operates in so far as those clauses extend to England and Wales (rather than just in relation to England).
Amendment 20, page 5, line 11, leave out “in relation” and insert
“so far as they extend”.—(Anna Firth.)
This is a technical amendment to ensure that the commencement of clauses 1 and 2 is dealt with in the same way throughout clause 6.
Third Reading
I beg to move, That the Bill be now read the Third time.
May I put on the record, on behalf of everybody in Southend West, our condolences to Mr Speaker and his family on the loss of his esteemed father, Doug Hoyle?
I am delighted to present this Bill for its Third Reading.
I am grateful to all Members who have engaged so passionately and shared their stories at all stages, and I will keep my remarks as brief as I can so that other Members can get in.
I will start, as I did on Second Reading, by taking a moment to reflect on my predecessor, Sir David Amess, who was a true titan when it came to championing our pets, particularly dogs.
As I mentioned on Second Reading, he chaired and spoke in the last debate that we had in this place on pet reform, and I know that he would be so proud that Southend West is playing a pivotal role in bringing forward this legislation.
I, too, am proud to be building on his legacy again today.
When I introduced the Bill, I started by saying that Britain is a nation of animal lovers and that pets are part of our families.
I believe that our discussions, both today and at all previous stages, have illustrated that perfectly.
We are showing that cats and dogs are not just items, and that abducting them causes real distress to families and individuals, because actions speak far louder than words.
This Bill will send a signal that we take animal welfare seriously in the UK.
One wonderful thing about the House is that we are often united when it comes to issues of animal welfare.
We are united in sending a signal to the world that we believe in, and are proud of, our record on animal welfare.