Friend’s constituency deserves more good jobs.
Our industrial strategy will help lead the way on that, as will the Chancellor’s investment plans set out in the recent spending review.
I know that if my hon.
Friend feels that we need to do more for his constituency, he will not hold back in telling us.
My constituent Tracy is living in local authority temporary accommodation after fleeing domestic violence.
She is currently trapped on universal credit because the cost of her accommodation is way beyond anything she could earn locally—by a factor of about 10.
As a single young person, she faces years before she is likely to be allocated a flat, and she is rightly concerned that future employers would question her years of unemployment and under-employment.
She wants to work full time but has been advised not to do so.
Does the Minister agree that we need to do something to address the cliff edge?
I thank my hon.
Friend for bringing that important case to the House.
Universal credit has no fixed hours requirement, but the connection between housing costs and universal credit, as she mentioned, is still a problem.
I would be keen to look at the detail of her constituent’s case.
Universal credit was introduced with the promise that it would move people off benefits and into work, but that clearly has not happened as we need it to happen, so considerable work is under way to deal with the inadequacies of the mess that the Conservative Government left us.
There are 300 more people on out-of-work benefits in Basildon and Billericay than there were 12 months ago.
Local businesses tell me that that is because business rates have gone up under the Labour Government, national insurance tax has gone up under the Labour Government and taxes on investment for the long term have gone up under the Labour Government.
Does the Minister agree, or has she got another explanation for the fact that 300 more of my constituents are unemployed than there were 12 months ago?
Our Department is determined to serve businesses well.
If the right hon.
Member would like to help his local jobcentre do that and get good jobs into the jobcentre so that we can help his constituents, I am sure that I can facilitate that.
However, he should be aware that employment is up and inactivity is down.
We are moving towards an 80% employment rate, and the Chancellor’s investment plans, as she set out in the spending review, will help us move towards that.
The Government’s proposals to change benefits have a compound consequence for people wanting to stay in work.
For example, the Department has said that 95,000 working-age claimants receive carer’s allowance and, under the proposals, would lose the PIP they receive.
Does the Minister agree that those proposals will actually make it harder for people to stay in work, rather than easier as they claim?
As the Secretary of State set out some moments ago, we are introducing the biggest improvement to employment support that the country has known.
We will ensure that people receive the help they need to get into work and to stay in work.
What steps her Department is taking to help prevent the use of the child maintenance system to facilitate economic abuse.
The issue of economic abuse through the Child Maintenance Service is a serious one, which this Government are looking to address urgently.
I am pleased to say that a response to the “Child Maintenance: Improving the collection and transfer of payments” consultation was published earlier today.
We intend to reform the CMS into a single service type, where the CMS collects and transfers all payments.
This reform will drastically reduce opportunities for economic abuse throughout the service and make sure that money gets to the children who need it.
We estimate that this change alone could lift more than 20,000 children out of poverty.