At the weekend, Vivergo and Ensus workers learned that UK negotiators had successfully protected the UK bioethanol industry until President Trump called the Prime Minister and he sold out that industry, allowing a genetically modified bioethanol to flood the market and put all  those jobs at risk.
What can the Secretary of State tell those workers who feel that they have been sold out by our Prime Minister when negotiators had successfully protected an industry of the future?
This Government will always have the backs of working people, and I believe there will be a statement shortly on our modern industrial strategy.
I know that Ministers from the Department for Business and Trade will be extremely engaged in the point that the right hon.
Gentleman has just raised.
Many new mothers in Plymouth are claiming maternity allowance, not because they are unemployed, but because they do not qualify for statutory maternity pay; they may be self-employed, have recently changed jobs or have had a pregnancy-related sickness.
Many of them have contacted me with concerns that maternity allowance is treated as unearned income and is therefore subject to universal credit deductions, unlike statutory maternity pay.
What steps is the Department taking to ensure financial security for women in Plymouth who are claiming maternity allowance?
I understand the point that my hon.
Friend makes.
The treatment of maternity allowance in universal credit was subject to a judicial review, which upheld the policy of treating it as unearned income when calculating universal credit and of treating SMP paid by employers as earnings, in common with other statutory payments made by employers.
My hon.
Friend may be interested to know that, depending on individual circumstances, additional financial support—for example, child benefit and the Sure Start maternity grant—may be available to parents.
My constituent Tirath is currently being pursued by the Child Maintenance Service for £20,000, despite having  successfully appealed the claim in 2022.
He is now at risk of losing his professional status as a pharmacist because of this process.
Will the Minister encourage the CMS to investigate that case urgently or to meet with me to discuss it?
I am very sorry to hear about the plight of the hon.
Member’s constituent.
If she would like a meeting with me, I am very happy to give her that, and I am also happy to look into the matter, as she suggests.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
Previous changes in eligibility for disability benefits have resulted in significant adverse health impacts, including an additional 600 suicides in 2010 and 130,000 more people with new onset mental health conditions in 2017.
What estimates have the Government undertaken of the impacts on health of the Universal Credit and Personal Independence Payment Bill, which is due to have its Second Reading next week?
I am looking forward to answering questions about these matters in front of the Committee on Wednesday morning.
We are working very closely with the Department of Health and Social Care to ensure that the health and care needs of people who lose benefits as a result of this process are met.
Do Ministers agree with the Trussell Trust’s recent estimate that the weekly cost of basic essentials is £120 for a single person and £205 for a couple?
Through the child poverty taskforce, we have been looking at the issue of incomes versus expenditures.
We are taking steps urgently where we are able, but we will have more to say about that issue shortly.
With permission, I will make a statement on the Israel-Iran conflict.
Since I last updated the House, the United States has struck three Iranian nuclear sites at Isfahan, Natanz and Fordow.
Defence Secretary Pete Hegseth has said that the action was “intentionally limited”.
Britain was not involved in the strikes, just as it was not involved in Israel’s operations, but Britain has long had concerns about Iran’s nuclear programme.