It is about getting a balance, so how will the Minister get that balance?
On the first part of the hon.
Member’s question, I do not want to get the balance, because we want to make sure that savers get the absolute best value they can for every buck they save.
I completely endorse his sentiment on that part; that is the very purpose of the Pension Schemes Bill that is coming through.
On the second part of his question, I also endorse the point that he makes.
When we look at those disclosures, we see that they set out a balance of judgments about the requirements on schemes, but they also provide greater transparency so that both individuals and the schemes themselves can take a view about the investments.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of the personal independence payment on the ability of disabled people to work.
Many disabled people want to work, but only 17% of people on personal independence payments are in employment.
We believe that disabled people should have the same rights, chances and choices to work as anybody else, which is why we are delivering the biggest ever investment in employment support for sick and disabled people, quadrupling what we inherited from the Tories to over £1 billion a year, and it is why we have asked the former boss of John Lewis, Sir Charlie Mayfield, to review what more we can do to support employers to recruit and retain more disabled people.
One of my constituents, who has epilepsy, responded to the “Pathways to Work” consultation and highlighted that the questions implied that the Department views PIP as a pity payment, rather than a benefit designed to offset the extra costs of disability, such as seizure alert devices or accessible transport.
Without such support, disabled people are less able to live independently.
Does the Minister agree that cutting PIP payments simply pushes more disabled people further from living independently and from employment?
I do not recognise the attitude that the hon.
Member describes—quite frankly, we feel precisely the opposite.
This vital benefit makes a crucial contribution towards the extra costs of living with a disability.
That is why we want to reform it to protect it for generations to come, because we do not think that it is sustainable to have a doubling of the number of people on PIP over this decade from 2 million to more than 4.3 million.
It is also why we are putting in extra employment support, why we want to support employers to do more to recruit and retain disabled people, and why we want to reform Access to Work—a vital scheme that helps people—because disabled people should have equal rights, chances and choices to work, and that is what we seek to deliver.
This morning, I had the pleasure of visiting PACT for Autism, a brilliant local charity in Harlow.
It raised concerns about the accessibility of the PIP application process for those with autism.
As the Department looks to reform the process, could that be considered?
I absolutely will consider that.
In fact, I ask my hon.
Friend and his constituents to feed into the work that my right hon.
Friend the Minister for Social Security and Disability is doing.
We have to ensure that it is as easy and effective as possible to access that vital benefit.
It is crucial for people with autism, and we want to make it work properly.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of the child poverty taskforce on levels of child poverty in Stroud.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of the child poverty taskforce on levels of child poverty in North Durham constituency.