It comes on top of rolling out free breakfast clubs, starting with Calton and Grange primary schools in his constituency, our new fair repayment rate in universal credit, and the first ever permanent, above-inflation increase in the standard allowance of universal credit, a vital part of our welfare reforms, putting more money into the pockets of hard-working families and helping to give all children the best start in life.
At the lobby last week by the food banks, a number of people expressed the wish to have greater facilities to educate their clients with respect to shopping and preparing meals more effectively.
They make a fair point, don’t they?
As the former chair of Feeding Leicester, I know that many of our food banks offer a range of support, helping to signpost people to mental health treatment, debt advice and other measures to improve their wellbeing.
They certainly do not need any advice from Conservative Members.
Under their watch, we saw 900,000 more children and 200,000 more pensioners in poverty.
It is time they took a lesson from this side of the House to get this issue right.
Probably the largest single driver of child poverty in my communities is the enormous cost of housing.
The average house price in my community is up to 13 times average household incomes.
That drives grinding poverty, particularly among children.
Will the Secretary of State have a word with her right hon.
and hon.
Friends in the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government to ensure that a disproportionate amount of housing grant goes to rural communities such as mine, in particular with the Windermere Gateway scheme?
Reducing housing costs is one of the key things we are looking at in the child poverty taskforce in advance of our strategy, which we will publish in the autumn.
We are investing an additional £39 billion in building more social, affordable and other homes, but I will, of course, always raise all issues relating to housing, because kids deserve to live in good homes that are affordable.
That is what this Government intend to achieve.
As is the case for my hon.
Friends the Members for Livingston (Gregor Poynton) and for Gloucester (Alex McIntyre),  a number of my constituents are affected by the two-child cap, with the latest statistics showing that 330 households in my constituency are impacted.
I absolutely agree with a number of charities that removing the cap alone is not a silver bullet to tackle child poverty, but it will make a difference.
Can my right hon.
Friend confirm whether the child poverty taskforce is considering the removal of the two-child cap?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her important question.
I can absolutely confirm that the child poverty strategy will be looking at all the levers we need to tackle this really important issue, including in relation to social security.
She is impatient for change for her constituents, as am I. We have already put in place a fair repayment rate for universal credit, we are increasing the standard allowance for universal credit for the first time in its history, and we are rolling out free school meals, but I will of course take her representations forward and ensure that they are heard by the taskforce.
When the Government’s own impact assessment for the “Pathways to Work” Green Paper suggests that 50,000 children will be plunged into poverty and businesses are already slashing vacancies in the light of the Employment Rights Bill, does the Secretary of State really believe that the Government’s child poverty taskforce is pushing in the same direction as the rest of the Government?
The hon.