Lady asks about British nationals in Israel.
Just over 4,000 British nationals have registered their interest following our appeal last week, and judging by the pattern in previous crises in Israel and the region, we estimate that between 15% and 20% of them will take up the offer of British assistance to leave.
As she knows, the airspace has been closed, so that offer—until this point—has been about getting them to the border, but I am very pleased that a flight has landed and taken off, and we hope to work with the Israeli Government on further flights from the area.
My understanding is that the Americans have put on a military plane from Israel for its citizens, but she will understand that the uniqueness of the relationship between the United States and Israel facilitated that opening, and I am very pleased we have been able to garner the same agreement with the Israeli Government.
This is an ongoing and fast-moving situation, and she has heard what I have advised British nationals in Qatar today.
Of course, we keep this under close review, and there may need to be further updates over the next few days.
It was important that I was in Washington DC to sit down with the US Administration, and in that meeting with Marco Rubio and Steve Witkoff last week, it was very clear to me that all options were on the table and that President Trump had those options in front of him.
I of course discussed with them in detail the trip I would be making to Geneva, alongside my French and German counterparts and the European High Representative, and they were keen and hopeful that it might be successful.
It was not successful, but we continue to press the Iranians to take the off ramp and get into negotiations with the United States and the E3 to ensure that they are in compliance.
The right hon.
Lady asked about the legal advice.
That must rightly be a matter for the US Government in relation to their action.
I am pleased that she mentioned the ministerial code.
She will know that paragraph 2.13 of the ministerial code prevents those of us in government —and she has been in government in the past—discussing legal advice so that Government can operate in the appropriate way.
However, I would say to her that this was not our action.
We have been clear that we were not involved.
She asked whether we had any request from the US Government.
We did not get such a request, but we were notified before the action took place.
The right hon.
Lady also asked about state threats, and it is right to say that we have thwarted 20 such state threats in this country since 2022.
She will know, including from the fact that we put Iran in the highest tier for national interference, that we take the threats from Iran very seriously.
We are reviewing the gaps that Jon Hall  found in how we deal with state threats in our country, and we will come forward with legislation in the coming months.
I call the Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee.
The only way to stop Iran building a nuclear bomb is a deal, but there cannot be a deal without negotiations and there cannot be negotiations without trust.
President Trump tore up the first nuclear deal and is now acting alongside Israel, and its attack last week ended the US-Iran negotiations for a new nuclear deal.
The war aims of this campaign are so unclear, with an emboldened Netanyahu Government calling for regime change, and President Trump hinting at it, too.
In all those circumstances, it is difficult to see how there can be negotiations based on trust.
Does the Foreign Secretary agree that Britain must continue to play a role in the negotiations, even though they must seem an incredibly difficult and challenging prospect?