The war aims of this campaign are so unclear, with an emboldened Netanyahu Government calling for regime change, and President Trump hinting at it, too.
In all those circumstances, it is difficult to see how there can be negotiations based on trust.
Does the Foreign Secretary agree that Britain must continue to play a role in the negotiations, even though they must seem an incredibly difficult and challenging prospect?
I am very grateful to my right hon.
Friend, the Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee, for her question.
It goes to the heart of where the UK should be at this time, and that is at the centre of the diplomatic effort.
a diplomatic effort will be necessary at the end of this process because, sadly, once people have the ability to enrich uranium to 60%, that knowledge is not lost.
It is the stepping stone to an advanced weapon, and therefore only a diplomatic solution and the correct framework can ensure that we keep the global community safe.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I, too, thank the Foreign Secretary for advance sight of his statement.
The Liberal Democrats share in the condemnation of an Iranian regime that poses an existential threat to Israel and has terrorised its own people as surely as it has citizens from other countries around the world, including the UK.
That is why we support the consensus in this House that Iran can never be allowed to have nuclear weapons.
Yet it is not clear that military action by Israel and the US can provide the necessary long-term lock on Iran’s nuclear ambitions.
Following this weekend’s strikes, it was reported that Iran will work at pace to develop weapons with what remains of its enriched uranium supplies.
That should give pause to those on the Conservative and Reform Benches who have breathlessly echoed President Trump’s line that the strikes have been an unrivalled success.
Instead of bringing security, Trump and Netanyahu’s unilateral actions have increased uncertainty and the risk of a full-scale regional war.
Their belief that might is right both further erodes the rules-based international order and undermines the prospects of containing Iran and other rogue states in the long term.
This is not the UK’s interest.
That is why Liberal Democrats have called consistently for the application of robust diplomacy, supported by International Atomic Energy Agency monitoring and grounded in international law, as the only sustainable  way permanently to limit Iran’s nuclear ambitions.
Our immediate priority must now be to ensure the safety and support of British nationals in the region, learning the lessons of unacceptable delays on previous occasions, so why has it taken over a week since the start of strikes to begin repatriating Britons from Israel?
What more is being done to support those in the wider region who want to leave?
The Government have also remained silent on the legality of this conflict.
Will the Foreign Secretary now commit to publishing the Attorney General’s advice on whether any UK involvement in the conflict would constitute a breach of international law?
Will he confirm that this House will be given a vote before any decision for the UK to enter this conflict?
I agree with the hon.
Gentleman and the thrust of his remarks, which are around the need for diplomacy at this time.
He is absolutely right about the malign intent of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps and the Iranian regime, whose desire is to wipe Israel off the map.
We must stand up to that pernicious ideology.
We are attempting to, again, de-escalate.
I remind him that Vice-President Vance said just yesterday that delaying the development of a nuclear weapon was the goal.
He said, “We are at war with Iran’s nuclear programme.
We are not at war with the Iranian people.”
It is important for the hon.
Gentleman to keep that in his mind’s eye.
The hon.
Gentleman asks about British nationals.