Since I last updated the House, the United States has struck three Iranian nuclear sites at Isfahan, Natanz and Fordow.
Defence Secretary Pete Hegseth has said that the action was “intentionally limited”.
Britain was not involved in the strikes, just as it was not involved in Israel’s operations, but Britain has long had concerns about Iran’s nuclear programme.
Iran can never have a nuclear weapon, and the United States has now taken action to alleviate that threat.
A nuclear-armed Iran would endanger the immediate region and threaten the global community.
This is a perilous moment in the middle east.
Waves of strikes between Israel and Iran have lasted for 10 days, continuing overnight.
I know that the whole House will have in their thoughts the many civilians impacted by the fighting.
I can confirm today that they include one British national injured in Israel.
We have reached out to offer consular support.
Iran has consistently failed to reassure the world that it is not pursuing a nuclear weapon.
The House will recall Prime Minister Gordon Brown calling out Iran for perpetrating “serial deception” over years after exposure of the fortified Fordow nuclear site.
Today, Iran’s enriched uranium stockpile is 40 times over the limit set by the joint comprehensive plan of action.
Iran is enriching at 60%, while typically, a commercial nuclear reactor such as the one at Sizewell operates with uranium enriched at between 3% and 5%.
Iran lacks any civilian justification for this level of nuclear activity, and the International Atomic Energy Agency’s board of governors has declared Iran to be in breach of its nuclear non-proliferation obligations.
As we respond to this fast-moving situation, our first priority remains the welfare of British nationals in Iran and Israel and of our staff on the ground.
Our crisis teams in London and the region have been working around the clock, and Israel has put restrictions on its airspace since  Friday 13 June .
The British embassy in Tel Aviv and the British consulate in Jerusalem are open.
All our diplomats remain in place supporting British nationals, and we have bolstered the embassy in Tel Aviv with a rapid deployment team from the UK.
We have been working closely with the Israeli authorities to prepare flights to evacuate vulnerable British nationals and their dependants.
Yesterday, we launched a booking portal for British nationals.
Today, as soon as it was possible to enter Israeli airspace, I can confirm to the House that a Royal Air Force A400 has flown in to Tel Aviv and taken 63 British nationals and their dependants to Cyprus, from where they will be brought home this evening.
Further flights will follow in the coming days, security allowing.
We will prioritise those with greatest need and contact those allocated a seat directly.
We will send updates on future flights to all British nationals registered with the Foreign Office, and I encourage all British nationals still in Israel and the occupied territories to register their presence, so that they receive our updates.
These British nationals should follow instructions from the Israeli authorities.
International land border crossings  to Jordan and Egypt are open, and commercial flights continue from both those countries.
Consular teams are on hand to assist British nationals who have crossed the border.
In Iran, airspace remains closed and there has been a near-total internet shutdown.
Due to the security situation, we took the precautionary step last Friday of temporarily withdrawing our staff from Iran.
The embassy is operating remotely, though our ability to support British nationals still in Iran is extremely limited.
The House will know that the Foreign Office has advised against travel to Iran since 2019.
Those seeking to cross Iran’s land borders can contact the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office for assistance, including with additional paperwork.
British nationals in the wider region should follow our travel advice closely.