He had famously campaigned for our rights and lived with his lover, George Merrill.
Indeed, he was probably the model for E. M. Forster’s novel “Maurice”, which I think was published only after E. M. Forster’s death.
Carpenter was a brave campaigner at a time when it was impossible to be brave.
Men were still being imprisoned with hard labour for homosexuality in 1924, when he came to his 80th birthday, so it was a phenomenal act of bravery when every single member of the Labour Cabinet—there was a Labour Government in 1924—signed a letter to Carpenter wishing him a happy birthday.
That kind of magnanimity should be the hallmark of our politics today.
We are not yet the country that we could be, but in all we do in our hospitals and our schools, in our laws and our language, in our foreign policy and our public services, this Government will uphold one principle: a little respect for all.
Let that be the legacy of this House.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to tackle fraud in the welfare system by organised criminal groups.
The Department works collaboratively across Government and law enforcement agencies to investigate welfare fraud perpetrated by organised criminal gangs.
This type of criminality is complex and far-reaching, and a collaborative approach is therefore essential.
I am pleased to confirm that new powers in the Public Authorities (Fraud, Error and Recovery) Bill will help us better tackle organised crime by taking greater control of our investigations through new powers of entry, search and seizure.
Having spent my career before entering this place tackling fraud, I recognise the scale of the challenge, so I commend the Secretary of State for her leadership, with the biggest ever crackdown on benefit fraud.
Given the success of whistleblower reward schemes in tax and financial crime, does my hon.
Friend agree with me that there is merit in exploring similar schemes to uncover organised fraud in the benefits system, so that more funds can be recovered to support those who genuinely need support: our constituents?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this issue.
We take all allegations of fraud seriously.
People who suspect fraud against the Department for Work and Pensions can use existing channels to report it, including the national benefit fraud hotline.
This Government are not complacent.
As I mentioned in my substantive reply, we are taking action with the Public Authorities (Fraud, Error and Recovery) Bill, which will provide a range of new powers to address fraud and error in the social security system, after the Conservative party failed to substantively update our powers to tackle ever-more complex fraud during 14 long years in office.
However, I will watch with interest whether there is learning from the schemes my hon.
Friend mentioned that could be applied to cases of benefit fraud.
Organised gangs operate in many spheres—sex, drugs and, as reported in the media, our welfare system.
This totally undermines public confidence in the system.
Will the Minister make representations to the Home Secretary to ensure that foreign nationals who are found to have abused our welfare system are removed from the country?
I am very happy to raise with the Home Office the issue that the hon.
Gentleman has highlighted, but I would say to him, and indeed to his colleagues on the Opposition Front Bench, that what genuinely undermines confidence in the welfare system is the record of the previous Government, who allowed welfare fraud to spiral towards £10 billion a year and failed to take the powers needed, as we are doing now, to get that number down.
What steps she is taking to reduce the number of children in poverty in the Livingston constituency.
What steps she is taking to reduce the number of children in poverty in Gloucester.