The House will know that the Foreign Office has advised against travel to Iran since 2019.
Those seeking to cross Iran’s land borders can contact the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office for assistance, including with additional paperwork.
British nationals in the wider region should follow our travel advice closely.
Following a US security alert for its nationals in Qatar, out of an abundance of caution we now recommend that British nationals in Qatar shelter in place until further notice.
Alongside our consular teams, our diplomats are fully engaged in trying to end this crisis.
We can and we must find a negotiated solution.
The window has narrowed, but the risks of further escalation are so great, and the costs so considerable for Britain and all in the region, that this is the Government’s priority.
We do not yet know precisely how far the US strikes have set back Iran’s nuclear programme, but there remains the need for a durable diplomatic solution.
Strikes cannot destroy the knowledge Iran has acquired over several decades, nor any regime ambition to deploy that knowledge to build a nuclear weapon.
That is why we have been working so intensively with the new US Administration to reach a new agreement with Iran.
Iran and President Trump’s envoy, Steve Witkoff, held five rounds of negotiations.
Britain joined France and Germany in seven rounds of engagements with Iran, too.
Even after the Israeli strikes, I travelled to Washington and then Geneva last week, meeting in the White House with Secretary Rubio and Witkoff, and then sitting opposite Iranian Foreign Minister Araghchi in several hours of talks, pushing for Iran to accept the diplomatic off-ramp.
Directly after the US strikes, we have been at the heart of a collective drive with partners to get back to negotiations.
My right hon.
and learned Friend the Prime Minister has spoken to President Trump.
I have spoken to Marco Rubio and Israeli Foreign Minister Sa’ar.
We have both been in touch with European and middle eastern partners.
That is why I spoke again to Minister Araghchi yesterday.
My message for Tehran was clear: take the off-ramp, dial this thing down and negotiate with the United States seriously and immediately.
The alternative is an even more destructive and far-reaching conflict, which could have unpredictable consequences.
The situation presents serious risks to British interests in the region.
Following the moving in of additional assets on a precautionary basis, force protection is at its highest levels.
The House should be in no doubt: we are prepared to defend our personnel, our assets, and those of our allies and partners.
We are closely monitoring how energy markets are responding to the conflict, and we have been extremely clear with the Iranians: any action to blockade the strait of Hormuz would be a monumental act of economic self-harm, making a diplomatic solution even harder.
We are also maintaining a sharp focus on other conflicts in the region, first and foremost the catastrophic plight of Gazans and the ongoing ordeal of the hostages and their loved ones, all fearing that this war leaves them forgotten.
Today I met Eli Sharabi, held in chains by Iranian-backed terrorists, who was released from Hamas captivity only to discover that they had murdered his family.
Last week the Israel Defence Forces recovered the bodies of two hostages, as well as that of Shai Levinson, an Israeli with British family killed on  7 October , which Hamas had been cruelly keeping from their loved ones.
Half a million Palestinian civilians are facing starvation and more than 400 have reportedly been killed in recent weeks trying to access food, while Gazan hospitals have had to stop services that are vital for childbirth and emergency surgeries.
This is appalling, it is unacceptable, and it must finally end.
The Israeli Government must lift aid restrictions, and Hamas must release all the hostages.
An immediate ceasefire has never been more urgent.