Conservative Members do not like to talk about that.
The hon.
Gentleman mentions what British business wants—what British business wants is a Government who are actually fixing the public finances and the public services that mean that when a member of staff gets sick, they do not sit on a waiting list for years, as they did under the previous Government.
The Conservatives like to attack the Employment Rights Bill, but stopping good employers being undercut by bad is the pro-business thing to do.
Paisley jobcentre runs a “Take a job to work” day, where work coaches look for local employment opportunities and take those suggestions into the jobcentre to match jobseekers with local jobs.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that that is a good example of local innovation in jobcentres, and would the Government consider sharing that good practice across the rest of the country?
I thank everyone in Paisley who has been working on those practices—it is exactly the kind of innovation we like to see.
Under the Conservatives, only one in six employers said they bothered to engage with their local jobcentre, which is exactly what we need to change with our reforms to Jobcentre Plus.
I thank everyone in Paisley, but there is much more to do right across the UK.
The previous Government left us with one in eight young people out of work, training or education, and with 2.8 million people out of work due to long-term sickness, not only costing the economy billions more but costing people opportunity, hope and dignity, and now the Conservatives cannot even agree a plan among themselves to address that.
Does the Minister agree that the Conservative party is in chaos, while this Government are bringing forward sensible plans to give the country a way forward after the mess the Conservatives left it in?
That was a powerful and long question, and I am glad that Conservative Members listened to every word of it, because they left us 1 million young people not in education, employment or training—that is what a disgrace looks like.
What is happening now?
We have seen falling numbers of NEETs over the past quarter and the past year.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Two weeks ago, the hon.
Gentleman’s Government told people they were U-turning on winter fuel payments because the economy is on a “firmer footing”.
The next day, the unemployment figures were released, showing that a quarter of a million jobs have been lost since the Chancellor’s job-taxing Budget.
The country is now losing 100,000 jobs a month.
These figures are worse than even the most pessimistic forecast.
Is that what a firm footing looks like to the hon.
Gentleman?
A firm footing for economic recovery looks like kicking the Conservative party out of office and growing the economy once again, and that is what we see if we look at the data.
The hon.
Lady likes to look at one month’s data—well, let us look at it.
Data from the Office for National Statistics show that vacancies rose by 27% between April and May.
I know the Conservatives want to pretend that everything was wonderful a year ago, but every business and every voter in this country knows that that was not the case.
Honestly, who does the Minister think he is fooling with this spiel?
Growth forecasts have been slashed and inflation has surged.
What world is he living in?
The Government have been in office for a year and people are losing their jobs because of the decisions that they have made.
How does he think his “everything’s fine” mantra actually sounds to one of the people who have lost their jobs or to a business facing a tax bill that it cannot afford?