It is crucial for people with autism, and we want to make it work properly.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of the child poverty taskforce on levels of child poverty in Stroud.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of the child poverty taskforce on levels of child poverty in North Durham constituency.
Given our objective to reduce the number of children in poverty overall, I expect the impact of the child poverty strategy on children in Stroud to be positive, as all children benefit when the whole community can rely on children enjoying a good childhood.
We will publish the child poverty strategy as soon as possible, but, as we have said, we are not waiting to act.
The Secretary of State has listed a number of initiatives that we have already been getting on with.
In Stroud, after 14 years of austerity, over 4,000 children are living in poverty.
A recent Joseph Rowntree Foundation report stated that after removing the two-child limit, the next most effective way of reducing child poverty is to get rid of the benefit cap.
Would the Minister be willing at least to review the benefit cap?
As the Secretary of State has already said, all policies that can lift children out of poverty are under consideration by the taskforce.
We obviously will not commit to any policy without knowing how we will pay for it; neither, as I have said, will we wait to act if there are steps we can take immediately.
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question, which I will take as input to the child poverty taskforce.
I also take this opportunity to thank all colleagues who have participated in the five parliamentary sessions that the taskforce has hosted since November 2024.
Will the Minister give an update on the work the Department is doing with the North East Mayor Kim McGuinness’s child poverty reduction unit to tackle the specific drivers of that issue in our region?
Child poverty is a significant challenge in the north-east, and that is why it is right that Mayor Kim McGuinness participated in an early session of the taskforce and has shaped the agenda since then.
The child poverty unit engages regularly with colleagues from the north-east and will hold a dedicated session on strategy with the north-east child poverty commission this week.
Mayors have been absolutely critical to the development of the strategy, and we will continue to work closely with them.
As in Stroud and the north-east, children in poverty rely on food banks to get by—6,617 food parcels in my constituency alone.
Will the Government take the advice of the Trussell Trust and seek and follow independent advice on the universal credit standard allowance?
As Labour’s manifesto said, the emergency food parcels that we have seen are a “moral scar” on our country.
That is why I am glad that, as Ministers have said, we are increasing the standard allowance for the first time in—as long as I can remember, certainly.
I am also pleased that emergency food parcels were down this year.
What steps she is taking to encourage people who are out of work to accept jobs that they are offered.
If a person is out of work and is offered a job, they are required to accept appropriate work that is offered to them.
The focus of our Get Britain Working reforms is to address the current situation whereby nearly 3 million people are out of work sick and not actively looking for work, and 1.7 million people are out of work but are not getting the help they deserve from the existing jobcentre system.
R and J Yorkshire’s Finest butchers in Kirkby Malzeard have had multiple job applications via jobcentres from people who they think never had an intention of going to interview or taking a job.