Gentleman to keep that in his mind’s eye.
The hon.
Gentleman asks about British nationals.
He heard what I said about the airspace being closed.
I am pleased that the first flight has taken off.
I remind him of successive UN resolutions—I refer him in particular to resolution 2231—in relation to this long-standing breach.
He asks about the legal advice.
He heard my comments on the legal advice.
We were not involved.
This is not our legal context.
He asks about publishing the Attorney General’s legal advice.
That might have been appropriate if we were involved—I do not think it is—but we are not involved, so there is no such advice to publish.
I welcome the Foreign Secretary’s calls to move this to a negotiated solution, and his focus on UK defence and security.
He is right that Iran must never acquire a nuclear weapon.
However, history also teaches us, on regime change, that interventions aimed at regime change in Iraq, Libya and Afghanistan have produced prolonged instability, not just in the region but far wider.
What concrete lessons does he believe can be learned from this recent history in shaping Iran policy today?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend, but he will forgive me.
I am not going to enter into a history lesson from the Dispatch Box, except to remind him that on Sunday I achieved 25 years as an elected parliamentarian.
During the course of that period, there have, of course, been debates about regime change.
I also remind him that the US has been clear that its intention is to target the nuclear threat.
We should keep that in mind.
Will the Foreign Secretary now concede that the international community’s unwillingness to take robust action through things like the snapback mechanism and the JCPOA is part of the reason that Israel felt the need to take the initial strikes and America to do likewise?
I agree that diplomatic means will ultimately be the only long-term resolution,  but that means not just asking nicely for Iran to put its nuclear weapons away, but enforcing that and ensuring it does so through such mechanisms.
Will the Foreign Secretary ensure that if we are not going to be involved in military action—I understand why we might not want to do that—we will ensure that robust action is taken, and that it is underpinned by measures that will force Iran to do the right thing, rather than just hoping that it will do the right thing?
I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman—I know he knows how difficult it is to deal with Iran.
He will remember that under the JCPOA, Iran was allowed to enrich to 3.67%; today, it is at 60%.
The question is, how could that possibly be for civilian use?
I challenged the Iranian Foreign Minister on that on Friday.
We have had seven rounds of negotiations with the Iranians, which began under the right hon.
Gentleman’s Government; he was Foreign Secretary for a period of that.
Iran has obfuscated and deceived—the time now is to get real.
Will the Foreign Secretary assure the House that while we all want to see urgent de-escalation, the escalating conflict in Iran will not take focus from the UK’s efforts to end the devastating war in Gaza, help the Palestinian people, free the hostages and lift restrictions on humanitarian and medical aid?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for her question.
The loss of life over the past few days—hundreds of people who lost their lives queuing for food—is appalling and should offend us all.
Of course, when I spoke to Israel’s Foreign Minister yesterday, I reminded him once again of my deep concerns over the new system that Israel has put in place to deliver aid and of our belief that that system cannot and will not work, and that we need to return to a much better provision.