The trajectory of the past few years has been unsustainable.
We are taking action to put that right.
The hon.
Member is wrong to say that because people did not get four points last time, they will not keep their PIP.
As I said, the view of the OBR, which I think is correct, is that most of them will.
We are consulting on how to support those who will lose their PIP as a result of the changes that we have announced.
Ministers have highlighted that the PIP recipients who are expected to lose payments make up one in 10 of the total PIP caseload.
That suggests that the impact of the cuts will be limited, but it still represents 370,000 current recipients, who are expected to lose £4,500 on average.
However, those numbers rest on a set of assumptions that the OBR has described as “highly uncertain”.
DWP data shows that 1.3 million people currently receiving PIP daily living payments would not meet the new criteria.
Before MPs are asked to vote on imposing such appalling poverty, will the DWP or the OBR provide further evidence underpinning those claims?
The OBR has published its assessment, and my hon.
Friend is right that it has assessed that one in 10 of those receiving PIP in November next year will have lost it by 2029-30—one in 10; not the much larger proportion that we were hearing about earlier.
Following that, we will be able to introduce the biggest ever investment in employment support for people out of work on health and disability grounds.
We do not want any longer to trap people on low incomes for years and years; we want people to be able to enter work and fulfil their ambitions.
That is what the investment will allow.
Is it not the simple and sad truth that any MP who votes for the upcoming welfare Bill will be voting to take PIP from disabled people who need assistance to cut up their food, wash themselves and go to the toilet?
No.
Members will be voting for reforms to open up opportunities for people who have been denied opportunities for far too long.
We are putting that right.
I call the shadow Minister.
I respect the Minister very much, and I know that he cares deeply about people who rely on the social security system.
That is why it is such a tragedy that he is presiding over these profound reforms without having consulted disabled people.
Can he explain why so many benefit claimants feel that these reforms have been rushed through, not to make a fairer system but because the Treasury demanded cuts to meet the fiscal emergency created by the Chancellor’s job-destroying, growth-stopping Budget?
They are right to think that, are they not?
We are putting in place a fairer system.
Action was urgently needed.
In the year before the pandemic, PIP cost the Government £12 billion at current prices, and last year it cost £22 billion.
It also went up last year alone by £2.8 billion.
PIP required urgent action, and that is what we are taking.
I am just sorry that there has been so little consultation with the victims of the changes that the Government are introducing.
One area where the Government do not seem to be looking for savings is in the Motability scheme.
It was supposed to help physically disabled people get around, but now we have 100,000 new people a year joining the scheme, many of them not physically disabled at all.
One in five of all new car  purchases are bought through this scheme, and it is costing taxpayers nearly £3 billion a year.
I know that the Minister will blame us for the system, but the fact is that the Government are not even looking at Motability.
They have had a year, and it is their policy now.