In 2002, Netanyahu offered a guarantee that regime change in Iraq would bring “enormous positive reverberations” to the region.
We now know that there was no imminent threat and no evidence of weapons.
The scale of the disaster, not just in Iraq but across the region, was so profound that the Chilcot inquiry insisted that any future military intervention must be met with rigorous scrutiny.
Does the Foreign Secretary accept the need for such scrutiny, and will he reassure the House again that we will not enter an endless war fuelled by reckless provocateurs?
I was in the House during the period in which Chilcot was doing his work, and I reassure my hon.
Friend that our Government—and, I hope, all future UK Governments—have learned from its findings.
The Foreign Secretary has confirmed that Britain was not involved in the strikes on Iran.
Will he also confirm whether the US Administration sought permission to use Diego Garcia as the launch point for the strikes?
If permission was sought and denied, on what basis did the Prime Minister deny permission?
If it was not sought, what does it say about the UK-US relationship that America would rather fly around the world from Missouri than launch from Diego Garcia?
They did not seek that advice.
I thank the Foreign Secretary for his measured approach to this crisis.
In past rounds of violence, Iran has often leaned on its proxies to conduct retaliation.
They include the Houthis  of Yemen, who until recently had been attacking UK and international shipping in the Red sea.
What steps is the Foreign Secretary taking to protect UK shipping in that area and to keep safe the trade routes that are so vital for our country?
Iran’s proxies, including Hezbollah and Hamas, have been considerably degraded over this period.
The Houthis have been held back but are still active in the Red sea.
We will do all we can, working with partners, to protect our shipping routes.
We have been crystal clear to the Iranian regime about the strait of Hormuz in particular.
The Foreign Affairs Committee met the Iranian ambassador twice last week, and he claimed that Iran’s nuclear programme was legal and purely civil, and he said that they want to negotiate.
Can the Foreign Secretary say, on the basis of the numerous meetings with the Iranian Foreign Minister that he has reported, whether he gained any impression of Iran’s willingness either to dismantle its nuclear programme or to negotiate?
That is the central question.
What I have found is inflexibility, as well as a failure to face the seriousness with which the international community are looking at this question and to accept both that we have moved on from the joint comprehensive plan of action, which the Iranians pulled out of back in 2019, and that the focus now is on zero enrichment.
Maybe they can have a civil nuclear capability, but it would have to be heavily monitored and would need some sort of international regime in locus with it.
They have to face that seriousness now at this point.