This is appalling, it is unacceptable, and it must finally end.
The Israeli Government must lift aid restrictions, and Hamas must release all the hostages.
An immediate ceasefire has never been more urgent.
The consequences of the current situation are hard to predict.
History can offer us no guide after events that are unprecedented in the region.
The Government have sought to react quickly to the twists and turns of recent weeks, while maintaining a focus on where British interests lie—with a lasting end to Iran’s nuclear programme, a de-escalation of tensions, and security for our people across the region.
We will continue to persevere with diplomacy.
I commend this statement to the House.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Two weeks ago, the IAEA produced a report that was damning of the Iranian regime.
Iran was not co-operating, and was breaching its obligations.
It had more than 400 kg of uranium enriched to 60%, far beyond any level needed for a civilian nuclear programme, and enough material to create at least nine nuclear devices, while its nuclear facilities were buried deep underground to hide its programme—and all this from a despotic authoritarian regime that represses and tortures its own people, is committed to the annihilation of Israel, the world’s only Jewish state, is responsible for so much of the suffering in the region through its sponsorship of terrorist proxies, is supporting Putin in his illegal war against Ukraine, and is involved in plots and activities to undermine our national security here at home on a daily basis.
It is for these reasons, and for many more, that the Iranian regime must never be allowed to have nuclear weapons.
That is why we stand with those who are working to stop them—the House will know that, as His Majesty's Opposition, we will always put the defence and security of our country first—and why we will work constructively with the Government to secure the protection of the British people and our national interests.
We will support the Government when they are doing the right thing, but we will also question, challenge and press Ministers to go further when we think that more needs to be done to safeguard our interests, and it is in that spirit of constructive scrutiny in the national interest that I put these questions and points to the Foreign Secretary.
First, British nationals and dual nationals continue to be stranded in Israel and the middle east owing to airspace closures.
I have written to the Foreign Secretary about this matter, and note the progress being made with today’s flight.
I thank the Foreign Office for the work that it has been doing with many families with whom I have also been in touch, who have been able to get on to that flight today.
Can the Foreign Secretary tell us how many British nationals may need to be repatriated?
What resources are being deployed to support those efforts?
Is there enough capacity to match the number of people who need to leave, and why does it seem that the US and other European countries were ahead of us in their operational planning to bring back their citizens?
The Foreign Secretary has mentioned the US embassy’s advice, and he has given advice to British nationals in Qatar today.
Will there be any further notifications for other British nationals in Gulf Co-operation Council states?
Secondly, on Iran’s nuclear programme, the Foreign Secretary could not say on radio this morning how effective the weekend’s strikes were.
I understand that it will take time to get information, but if more strikes to further degrade Iran’s nuclear capacities are planned, will the Government consider supporting them?
The Government have not taken a clear position on the actions that the US and Israel have taken, but we have seen reports of the apparent legal advice from the Attorney General cautioning against UK involvement.