What world is he living in?
The Government have been in office for a year and people are losing their jobs because of the decisions that they have made.
How does he think his “everything’s fine” mantra actually sounds to one of the people who have lost their jobs or to a business facing a tax bill that it cannot afford?
Has the Secretary of State even told her Back Benchers, who will be strong-armed into voting for cuts next week, that the welfare cuts Bill that we will be debating will get a grand total of zero people into work, according to the Government’s own impact assessment?
The hon.
Lady asks about what is going on with the economy.
What is going on is that we have had four rate cuts over the past year.
What is going on is that we have signed three trade deals over the past year.
What is going on is that employment has gone up and inactivity has gone down.
I know that the Opposition love to latch on to one month’s data, but let us look at the whole period of this Government: wages have increased by more under this party in the past 10 months than they did in the first 10 years of the Conservative Government.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of the personal independence payment application process.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of the personal independence payment application process.
The current PIP application process is outdated and can be very difficult to follow.
Alongside proposed legislative changes, the Department’s health transformation programme will greatly improve the experience of applying and, I hope, increase confidence in the outcomes of the assessment as a result.
The response to my recent written question on disability benefits applications listed the 18 most common disabilities and health conditions and showed that hundreds of thousands of people were awarded fewer than four points in all living activities and will miss out on the daily living component of PIP.
They include people like Jemima in Harpenden, who suffers from severe physical disabilities and thyroid cancer and finds even walking very difficult.
Will the Government please commit to reforming the criteria to better reflect the full complexity of claimants’ conditions?
I recognise that many people who are on the PIP daily living component who did not get four points on anything at their last assessment are feeling rather anxious.
However, what they need to know—I hope the hon.
Member will reassure her constituents on this—is that it is the view of the Office for Budget Responsibility that most of them will nevertheless still have their PIP after their fresh assessment once the changes have been introduced.
They will be introduced in November next year and an individual’s assessment will take place whenever their first award review is after that date.
The OBR is confident and clear that most of those people will keep their PIP.
Over 4,500 people in Ely and East Cambridgeshire claim PIP, and they are not just anxious, as you put it; they are seriously worried that they are going to lose the payments and, with them, their independence.
Contrary to what you said—sorry, contrary to what the Minister said—the Government’s own data suggests that 85% of people getting standard payments and 11.5% of those getting enhanced payments will lose support under the proposed changes.
What steps is the Minister taking to support those who will be affected, including to make sure that their health and eligible care needs are met and, most importantly, that they can maintain their independence?
I suggest that, in future, shorter questions might prevent mistakes such as “you”.
It is really important for claimants of PIP that its funding should be sustainable into the future.
The trajectory of the past few years has been unsustainable.
We are taking action to put that right.
The hon.