Friend for her question.
The loss of life over the past few days—hundreds of people who lost their lives queuing for food—is appalling and should offend us all.
Of course, when I spoke to Israel’s Foreign Minister yesterday, I reminded him once again of my deep concerns over the new system that Israel has put in place to deliver aid and of our belief that that system cannot and will not work, and that we need to return to a much better provision.
The Foreign Secretary has said that Iran must not be allowed to have a nuclear weapon.
Does he therefore support the recent targeted strikes by the United States and Israel on Iranian nuclear facilities: yes or no?
If not, can he explain how exactly that inaction would have curtailed Iran’s nuclear ambitions?
I am afraid I am not able to give an assessment of the effectiveness of that action at this stage, and neither is the United States.
The hon.
Lady may think that that is a binary question, but I do not believe it is.
What the UK is engaged in is diplomacy, and we are working, of course, with our closest ally, the United States.
I associate myself with the Foreign Secretary’s condemnation of the humanitarian crisis in Gaza, but we need to match that condemnation with accountability.
Here in the UK, Jewish communities in particular are deeply concerned about what lies ahead.
Last week, the Iranian ambassador acknowledged before the Foreign Affairs Committee that MI5 had identified 22 threats on British soil that had been organised by the Iranian regime.
What is the Foreign Secretary’s message to Jewish communities, who are in a state of high alert at the moment, wondering what will happen?
My hon.
Friend is right that the Iranian regime is the world’s worst sponsor of state terrorism and state threats.
We have three individuals who were arrested under the National Security Act 2023 moving through our judicial system.
I want to reassure those in the Jewish community in our country that we take those threats very seriously, and I and the Home Secretary will do all we can to keep them, their buildings, their institutions and their families safe.
As usual, I agree with much of what the Foreign Secretary has to say, but I have to ask him this: how many times must a terrorist-funding, fanatical regime threaten to wipe another country from the face of the earth before a Government advised by Lord Hermer of Chagos acknowledge that military action to delay and degrade its nuclear weapons programme is both ethically and legally justifiable?
I simply say to the right hon.
Gentleman, with all respect, that there is a convention in our country about the very important role that Attorneys General play in our Government.
They are able to give the Government advice when asked for it; that happens under all Governments.
I do not really recognise the caricature that I have heard or some of the reports.
I want to make it crystal clear that we were not involved in this action and therefore some of what is being said is wholly beyond the pale.
Many constituents contacted me over the weekend, fearful of the fallout from US intervention in Iran.
They know, and we know, that wars do not make the world a safer place, but make it much more dangerous.
Their concerns are not unwarranted.
In 2002, Netanyahu offered a guarantee that regime change in Iraq would bring “enormous positive reverberations” to the region.
We now know that there was no imminent threat and no evidence of weapons.
The scale of the disaster, not just in Iraq but across the region, was so profound that the Chilcot inquiry insisted that any future military intervention must be met with rigorous scrutiny.