What is her Department doing to help those constituents, given these harmful changes to PIP?
I know the brilliant work that the RNIB does and the brilliant sight services locally in Leicester—I have visited them myself.
I would say to the hon.
Gentleman that nine out of 10 people who are claiming PIP when these changes come into place will be unaffected by them.
We are going to see 750,000 more people claiming PIP by the end of this Parliament compared with when we are elected, and, even with these changes, spending will still be £8 billion higher.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
I am proud of the steps this Labour Government are taking to tackle child poverty.
Our historic expansion of free school meals to families on universal credit will lift 100,000 children out of poverty and tackle term-time hunger.
That is alongside the £2.5 billion we are investing in the household support fund, and our commitment to funding the holiday activities and food programme, which will tackle holiday hunger too.
Making sure that children have hungry minds, not hungry bellies, will help them to fulfil their potential in life, and that is what this Labour Government are all about.
Closing the disability employment gap is a matter of opportunity for disabled people in my constituency.
I recently visited M&M Supplies, a stand-out company in Bletchley, not only for its many exporting successes but because a quarter of its workforce are adults with learning disabilities and difficulties—and that is thanks mainly to the vision of managing director Frank Purcell, who works with organisations like MK SNAP to run a work experience programme for adults with disabilities.
What assurances can my right hon.
Friend give me that this Government are committed to working with employers to ensure that no disabled people in my constituency are written off?
I congratulate, through my hon.
Friend, those in his constituency on the fantastic work that he has described.
I recently visited an incredible supported internship programme that helps young people with learning disabilities to get work and stay in work, including in our local NHS and with our local hotel voco in the heart of Leicester.
This Government are determined to tackle the disability employment gap, which fell under the last Labour Government, although movement stalled under the Tories.
We are going to turn this around with the biggest ever investment in employment support, introducing mandatory disability pay gap reporting and looking at what more we can do to support brilliant employers, like the one my hon.
Friend described, to recruit and retain more disabled people.
I call shadow Secretary of State.
More than half of new health and disability benefits claims are now for mental health, yet under the Government’s welfare cuts Bill the personal independence payment could be stripped from three quarters of claimants with arthritis and two thirds of those with heart disease but fewer than half of those with anxiety.
Does the right hon.
Lady believe this is the right decision?
I have great personal respect for the hon.
Lady but she really needs to make up her mind: first she says our proposals are too late, then she says they are rushed; she criticises us for being cruel, and then says the Opposition are going to vote against our Bill because it does not go far enough.
But her deputy,  the hon.
Member for East Wiltshire (Danny Kruger) , has let the cat out of the bag, saying in a recent Westminster Hall debate:
“I am not able to tell…exactly what we would do.
”—[Official Report,  7 May 2025 ; Vol.
766, c. 301WH.]
The truth is that the Conservatives are a broken party with no ideas, let alone a strategy—and, unless they change course, they have no future either.
Goodness me; I asked the right hon.
Lady quite a serious question, so that was a very disappointing answer.