Already this year, we are rolling out £300 million of support through our Get Britain Working plan and Connect to Work.
That will rise to £600 million next year and build to an additional £1 billion.
This is the biggest ever investment into employment support for sick and disabled people, because we believe work is the route out of poverty.
We want to build dignity and a better life for those who can work, while protecting those who cannot.
Child poverty in my constituency grew from 12.4% in 2015 to 15.5% in 2024: huge growth under the last Government.
With the child poverty taskforce due to report soon, can the Secretary of State assure me and my Dartford constituents that child poverty at the end of this Parliament will be lower than it was when it began?
Yes, I can.
That is a firm commitment from me personally, and from the Prime Minister.
We have made a start on that work: our expansion of free  school meals to children in all households on universal credit will benefit, I think, around 6,500 children in my hon.
Friend’s constituency, and we are helping more people into work, which is the best way to tackle poverty in the long term.
We have a long way to go, but we are absolutely committed to bringing those numbers down.
Some 40% of people in West Dorset who are in receipt of a personal independence payment receive the highest level of support.
Many are extremely anxious about PIP assessments being carried out over the phone rather than in person, particularly those with complex or fluctuating conditions.
Will the Minister guarantee that anyone who wants an in-person assessment will receive one?
Yes, we absolutely want that to happen.
Indeed, we want to record the assessments as standard to ensure that claimants have confidence in what is being done.
This is an issue that causes huge anxiety among my constituents.
Too many decisions take too long and are overturned, and we want to deal with these problems head-on.
When the under-25 universal credit rate was first introduced, the justification for it was that young people were more likely to be living at home, but there is a group—care-experienced young people—for whom that is often not the case.
A transformational decision by this Government would be to build on and go further in the work that we are already doing with the Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill and decisions at the spending review by making this change for that very important group of young people.
I commend my hon.
Friend for all his work on this issue, including his seminal 2022 independent review.
He is right that care leavers need support as they move to independent living.
The Department for Work and Pensions at the moment exempts care leavers from the shared accommodation rate, and provides support toward sustained employment and career progression.
We will certainly consider if there is more that we can do.
I call Andrew Rosindell—not here.
Emma from Tring is one of my constituents who has said that these changes to disability benefits will mean that they will have to come out of a career in the NHS.
What does the Secretary of State have to say to those who are terrified about losing their work after changes to disability allowance?
Nine out of 10 people who are on PIP when the changes come in will be unaffected by the end of this Parliament.
Anybody who is affected will keep that benefit for three months—that is, I think, one of the longest transitional protections ever and certainly three times as long as when we move from disability living allowance to PIP.
The important Access to Work fund is there precisely to help anybody who needs that sort of support to get into work.