If a person is out of work and is offered a job, they are required to accept appropriate work that is offered to them.
The focus of our Get Britain Working reforms is to address the current situation whereby nearly 3 million people are out of work sick and not actively looking for work, and 1.7 million people are out of work but are not getting the help they deserve from the existing jobcentre system.
R and J Yorkshire’s Finest butchers in Kirkby Malzeard have had multiple job applications via jobcentres from people who they think never had an intention of going to interview or taking a job.
May I urge the Minister to look at how incentives and penalties are matched up, to ensure that people actually turn up to interview and take a job?
The right hon.
Gentleman mentions a problem that I think is central to the situation that we have inherited.
That is why, as I mentioned in response to  the right hon.
Member for Basildon and Billericay (Mr Holden) , we are changing the way that DWP acts, so that we serve employers better and match people who actually want to move into those jobs.
If the right hon.
Gentleman would allow me, I will connect him with his local jobcentre manager, so that he can link up the businesses he mentions.
What steps she is taking to support severely disabled people who will never be able to work in East Worthing and Shoreham constituency.
Protecting those who can never work is at the heart of our welfare reforms.
That is why, in the Universal Credit and Personal Independence Payment Bill, we are ensuring that those with severe, lifelong conditions, which will never improve and which mean they will never work, and those at the end of their lives are guaranteed the higher rate of the universal credit health top-up, protecting one in 10 of all future universal credit health top-up claims.
We are also going further by ensuring that those who meet the severe conditions criteria are never again reassessed, in order to stop unnecessary anxiety and stress, helping 200,000 people over this Parliament.
I thank the Secretary of State for that answer.
I have been working with disabled constituents, our local jobcentre and employers to ensure that everyone is working together to maximise opportunities for disabled people, and that they are not just recruited but retained and thriving in jobs locally.
However, some people will never be able to work or return to work, including many people with advanced progressive multiple sclerosis, and it is right that they are properly supported.
Will my right hon.
Friend confirm what support will be in place for people like my constituents living with this disease?
I thank my hon.
Friend for the work he is doing locally.
As I said, those with severe lifelong conditions —progressive conditions that will never improve, and which mean they will never work—will be protected.
Even more importantly, they will never again be reassessed for their benefits, removing that unnecessary and unacceptable anxiety and stress, and giving them the dignity and security they deserve.
I refer the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests, as an officer of the all-party parliamentary group on eye health and visual impairment.
A recent freedom of information request by the Royal National Institute of Blind People found that thousands of recipients whose primary health condition is listed as eye disease are set to lose out from the reforms to PIP, with referrals to the RNIB’s counselling services more than doubling since the Secretary of State announced the reforms.
There are over 3,500 people in Leicester with sight impairment.
What is her Department doing to help those constituents, given these harmful changes to PIP?
I know the brilliant work that the RNIB does and the brilliant sight services locally in Leicester—I have visited them myself.
I would say to the hon.