We intend to reform the CMS into a single service type, where the CMS collects and transfers all payments.
This reform will drastically reduce opportunities for economic abuse throughout the service and make sure that money gets to the children who need it.
We estimate that this change alone could lift more than 20,000 children out of poverty.
I have too many constituents whose financial abuse is effectively being perpetuated and facilitated by the Child Maintenance Service.
I have secured a meeting with the relevant Minister in the other place, but it has been postponed.
Could the Minister help me to secure a date for that meeting?
I am sure that he would agree that if the system is at fault, it needs to change.
I hope the hon.
Member has heard me say that we concur with the need for change.
We have announced changes in the right direction today, and I will of course pick up with my fellow Minister about securing that meeting for her.
I know they have already been in protracted talks about arranging it, and I will make sure it happens.
My constituent, Deborah, should receive monthly child maintenance payments for her daughter, but her former partner withholds payments, despite my complaints and hers to the DWP Child Maintenance Service complaints team, advising them that he deliberately withholds payments for three months and then backdates them.
That is a form of abuse and controlling behaviour, but the DWP complaints team have advised me today that there is  nothing they can do to prevent it, despite a deduction-from-earnings order being in place.
Does the Minister agree that that is a completely inadequate response that requires a ministerial review of the system?
I am sorry to hear about the case that my hon.
Friend has highlighted.
He will have heard the reform that I announced earlier, but I absolutely understand why he wants to raise this issue for his constituent, and if he would like to meet me to discuss it further, I would be happy to do that.
Whether she is taking steps with Cabinet colleagues to help support climate and nature targets through her Department’s pensions policies.
The short answer to that question is yes.
The Department is contributing to two consultations that will shortly be published by the Business and Energy Departments.
They will invite views on the new UK sustainability reporting standards and transition plans.
This will help investors, including pension savers and their schemes, to understand the impact of climate and nature on investments.
As a co-chair of the all-party parliamentary groups on sustainable finance and on global deforestation, I remain concerned that around £388 billion in UK pension savings is still invested in fossil fuels and deforestation-related activities.
Will the Minister reassure me further that undermining the long-term financial security of savers in South East Cornwall is not the Government’s intention, and will he commit to reviewing this, including via the Pension Schemes Bill and the landmark pensions review?
My hon.
Friend has been a powerful campaigner on this issue for some years, and she will know that larger pension schemes are now required to publish annual reports with climate-related disclosures.
The evidence shows that around two thirds of pension funds have a net zero commitment in place, and we will be reviewing those regulations over the course of this year.
It is very important that those who have pensions get a return, so that their pensions are beneficial.
It is also important to ensure that net zero is delivered, because many people who have pensions want to see that happen.
It is about getting a balance, so how will the Minister get that balance?
On the first part of the hon.
Member’s question, I do not want to get the balance, because we want to make sure that savers get the absolute best value they can for every buck they save.