She is impatient for change for her constituents, as am I. We have already put in place a fair repayment rate for universal credit, we are increasing the standard allowance for universal credit for the first time in its history, and we are rolling out free school meals, but I will of course take her representations forward and ensure that they are heard by the taskforce.
When the Government’s own impact assessment for the “Pathways to Work” Green Paper suggests that 50,000 children will be plunged into poverty and businesses are already slashing vacancies in the light of the Employment Rights Bill, does the Secretary of State really believe that the Government’s child poverty taskforce is pushing in the same direction as the rest of the Government?
The hon.
Gentleman will know that that assessment does not take into account all the steps that we are taking to get more sick and disabled people into work, with the biggest ever investment into support—support that was denied to them by Conservative Members, who wrote people off, consigned them to a life on benefit and then blamed them.
We take a different approach.
We believe that sick and disabled people should have the same rights, chances and choices to work as anybody else.
That will be a key measure in tackling poverty.
What assessment she has made of the potential implications for her policies of recent trends in the level of unemployment.
What assessment she has made of the potential implications for her policies of recent trends in the level of unemployment.
We all know the importance of work, and since the election we have seen employment rise by 500,000, but Britain is a country that has too few young adults in work or education, and where the post-pandemic employment recovery has taken too long.
That is why we will continue our reforms to support more people into work.
To cut spending and balance the books, Labour has to get people off welfare, but the Chancellor’s job tax and the Deputy Prime Minister’s unemployment Bill mean that there are fewer jobs for them to go to.
Some 285 more of my constituents are out of work than last year, and since the Budget a quarter of a million  jobs have vanished.
A rise in public sector roles in the same period is probably masking a far deeper crisis going on in the private sector.
There is no joined-up thinking.
Has the Secretary of State warned her Cabinet colleagues that their policies are making her job impossible?
The Secretary of State inherited a labour market that was a mess under the Conservatives, with nearly 1 million young people not in education or training, and 2.8 million too sick to work.
Employment is up by 500,000.
Economic inactivity—[Interruption.]
Conservative Members might not like to hear it, but economic inactivity is down by 300,000 under this Government.
No one on the Government Benches will take lectures on a good labour market from the Conservatives.
Unemployment is now 115,000 higher than when Labour took office.
The Chancellor’s new jobs tax and the Employment Rights Bill make hiring a new person more expensive.
The family farms and family business taxes are reducing investment.
Can the Minister therefore explain how he will reduce unemployment while the Chancellor is pursuing policies that increase it?
I do not want to try the patience of the House but, as I have said, employment is up by 500,000 under this Government. [
Interruption.]
Conservative Members do not like to talk about that.
The hon.
Gentleman mentions what British business wants—what British business wants is a Government who are actually fixing the public finances and the public services that mean that when a member of staff gets sick, they do not sit on a waiting list for years, as they did under the previous Government.