Friend for highlighting this vile type of criminality, which targets the young and the most vulnerable.
As part of our fight against county lines we are investing up to £145 million in our county lines programme, and since it was launched in 2019 police activity has resulted in over 4,700 county lines being closed, over 14,800 arrests and over 7,200 safeguard referrals.
We will keep our focus on this evil criminality.
Given that, shockingly, the average time it takes for a crime to be charged has trebled since 2016, will the Secretary of State embrace the Police Federation’s “Simplify DG6” campaign and scrap the redaction rules his Government introduced in 2020, in order to cut bureaucracy, get cases to the Crown Prosecution Service quicker, and free up officers’ time to be out fighting crime?
We are actively working with the CPS to simplify and speed up this process.
I will of course look at the proposals put forward, because we want police officers out in their communities on the beat and tackling crime, rather than doing paperwork—important though that is.
The police report a 25% increase in shoplifting in recent months.
There is much evidence, as the Home Secretary will be aware, that organised criminal gangs go into shops to try to steal as much as they can and target shop workers.
As we approach Christmas, what assurance can the Home Secretary provide to shop workers—not just at Christmas, but across the year—that he will start dealing with these gangs and start realising that all retail crime is a problem in this country that needs tackling?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right to highlight this issue.
It is one that we take seriously through Operation Pegasus.
We are working through the leadership of the police and crime commissioner for Sussex on this very issue.
No doubt either the Policing Minister, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Croydon South (Chris Philp)  or I will have the opportunity to update the House on this work as it progresses.
I call the shadow Minister.
This autumn, the Government pledged to treat retail crime as organised crime, but with their Criminal Justice Bill, they have fallen at the first hurdle.
There is no consolidated offence to protect retail workers, no strong signal on the £200 limit on investigations and a denial of reality on their hollowing out of neighbourhood policing.
From the answers we have heard, the Home Secretary wants us to believe that we have never had it so good, but the ones who are thriving are organised criminals.
Will the Government accept our amendments to add the protection of shop workers into the legislation?
The hon.
Gentleman will know that attacking shop workers is already a statutory aggravating factor.
We will look at what more we can do to protect shop workers.
The retail action plan is in place, including the use of CCTV and facial recognition software.
We will continue to explore all avenues to protect shopworkers, because they, like everyone else, deserve our protection.
What progress he has made on stopping small boats transporting migrants across the English channel.
What progress he has made on stopping small boats transporting migrants across the English channel.
So far this year, we have reduced the number of these dangerous, illegal and completely unnecessary crossings by more than a third compared with last year, despite increases of nearly a third in Europe.
Nevertheless, the number of illegal arrivals remains unacceptably high.
We remain focused on delivering our comprehensive plan to stop the boats by breaking the business model of the people smugglers, and we will shortly be piloting emergency legislation through this House to ensure that flights to Rwanda take off as a matter of urgency.
Figures on Thursday revealed that immigration to the UK is skyrocketing.
Is it not time to realise that those well-intentioned international treaties and conventions agreed 70 years ago are no longer fit for purpose?