Lady described developing further.
There is a very real risk of waterborne diseases and cholera breaking out in Gaza, and that is why we are diligently pursuing the humanitarian policies I have set out in every way we can.
No one would wish to withhold the aid that has been given to the innocent civilians—who, let’s face it, are only suffering because of a war instigated by Hamas terrorists—but does the Minister agree that this cynical drip-feed release of hostages is a further act of terror by Hamas and that the pauses in the fighting will be used by them to regroup and rearm?
Will he give me a reassurance that our Government will not fall into the trap of acceding to Hamas’s incessant demands for indefinite pauses, rather than allowing the Israeli Government to do what they need to do, which is to engage in security action to destroy Hamas in their own dens?
The right hon.
Gentleman underlines the fact that Israel has every right to exercise its self-defence in rooting out the Hamas terrorists and murderers.
The British Government are very clear that what he has said about that is absolutely right.
Given that Hamas have been crystal clear that they have no intention of ever wanting a permanent ceasefire, what discussions have been had with the Palestinian Authority to build its capacity and competence, to ensure the transition to a two-state solution?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his comments about Hamas and the ceasefire, with which I completely agree.
In respect of building Palestinian capacity, he will know that Lord Cameron was in Ramallah  last week discussing that and many other associated matters with President Abbas, the Prime Minister and the Foreign Minister there.
I was incredibly relieved to get my constituent’s family, 13 of them, across the border and home through Egypt.
I pay tribute to the staff in the consular section who supported them, but the support was patchy and the cost of them returning was over £5,000 on commercial flights.
What more can the Minister do to supercharge that consular support and to reimburse those families who had to come home on commercial flights?
Would he consider meeting my constituent’s family to learn the lessons that they have experienced of having to flee in the middle of a bombardment?