Lady’s figures are correct, we know that there has been appalling loss of civilian life in Gaza.
In respect of what she says about the relative merits of a pause or ceasefire, we can build on pauses, but I point out that it is the policy of those on the Opposition Front Bench and the Government to press for humanitarian pauses, and that is what the British Government will continue to do.
The release of some hostages is incredibly welcome, but the price for that is that Israel has taken the difficult decision to release many Palestinian prisoners held for terror offences, including bombings and stabbing attacks, in exchange for its civilians held in Gaza in unimaginable conditions.
History shows us that previous security prisoners released by Israel have gone on to commit further terror offences.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that this should be of concern to the whole world and that we must continue to stand shoulder to shoulder with Israel to support it to combat terror?
The point that my hon.
Friend makes, particularly about prisoners reoffending, underlines the importance of our pursuing every possible way of getting on to a political track.
When this ghastly violence finishes, or is significantly diminished, everyone must bend every conceivable sinew to drive forward a new political process for peace.
Few of us can imagine the trauma of being permanently displaced from our homes and never allowed to return.
Can the Minister reassure the House that Israel will not take land in Gaza, as some Israeli Ministers have threatened to do, and that Palestinians will be allowed back to their homes and lands, particularly given that 1.7 million out of 2.3 million people living in Gaza have been displaced?
The hon.
and learned Lady is right to talk about the deeply contentious issue of land, but what she says is, as I have understood it, absolutely in accordance with the policy of the British Government.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that the pogrom that took place on  7 October , followed by the horrific levels of antisemitism that we have seen across our own country, let alone across the western world, with people feeling frightened to leave their homes for no other reason than their religion, shows why the state of Israel has a right to exist and must always be allowed to defend itself?
My right hon.
Friend is entirely correct.
What happened on  7 October  was a pogrom, and it was the worst loss of life by Jewish citizens on any single day since the holocaust and 1945.
I thank the Minister for his assistance in getting some of our constituents from Birmingham out of Gaza.
On his answer to  the hon.
and learned Member for Edinburgh South West (Joanna Cherry) , for clarity can he state explicitly that UK Government policy is that every displaced Gazan currently must be allowed to return to their lands?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her kind remarks, and I remind Members from all parts of the House to use the hotline to communicate with the emergency centre in the Foreign Office on behalf of constituents.
In terms of the Gazans who have been displaced by the terrible events started by Hamas on  7 October , it is the British Government’s policy that those displaced should be able to return to the area from which they were driven.
The mayor of Gaza City told al-Jazeera that not one litre of fuel has reached the Gaza municipality, likely due to the fuel being misappropriated.
Why does the Minister think that the international community should trust Hamas to distribute any aid?
As my hon.
Friend will be aware, we are extremely careful about how British aid is distributed and do it only through trusted partners of whom we have long and detailed experience.