The Clerk at the Table having informed the House of the unavoidable absence of the Speaker from this day’s sitting, the Chairman of Ways and Means took the Chair as Deputy Speaker ( Standing Order No.
3 ).
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps he is taking to help reduce levels of organised crime.
What steps he is taking to help reduce levels of organised crime.
What steps he is taking to help reduce levels of organised crime.
We will continue to break the business model of organised crime gangs to keep the people of this country safe.
We are disrupting their activities both domestically in the UK and internationally, including disrupting the work of the gangs behind the illegal small-boat crossings, and it is why the Criminal Justice Bill creates new powers to target organised criminal gangs.
We will also publish a new serious and organised crime strategy soon.
Criminal gangs do not care about the people they are smuggling into our country and they must be stopped.
We must stop the boats in ways that are consistent with our international obligations and end the dangerous journeys that risk human life.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that we must focus on breaking the business model of these criminal gangs?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The people who are being smuggled are seen as just products; they are expendable in the eyes of the people smugglers, and we must and will do everything we can to break their business model.
I commend the work of my right hon.
Friend the Minister for Immigration, who has recently been to Bulgaria, where in close co-operation with our international partners there we have seized boats and engines.
We are breaking the business model, and we will continue to drive down those illegal small-boat crossings until we have stopped the boats.
Serious organised acquisitive crime is hitting rural communities hard, with high-value agricultural equipment targeted for theft.
The National Rural crime unit has recently recovered over £5 million of stolen equipment, nearly £1 million of which was recovered abroad.
The Construction Plant-hire Association, NFU Mutual and the Construction Equipment Association have put significant funds into the NRCU but what more can my right hon.
Friend do to ensure that it has the resources it needs to tackle these serious organised criminal gangs?
I thank my hon.
Friend for the work he has done in this area, including with his private Members’ Bill.
He is absolutely right that the rural communities of this country need to be supported, and they will be.
Driving down rural crime is an important area of work and we have provided £200,000 of funding to help set up the NRCU.
My hon.
Friend and I, and others in this House, understand the terrible impact this has, and we will continue to work with the rural police forces to drive down rural crime.
In Burnley and right across Lancashire county lines continues to be a problem, with organised groups peddling drugs and exploiting young people with no regard for the harm they are doing, not just to the communities but to the young people they are exploiting.
Lancashire police are making very good inroads with an enhanced rural policing unit and neighbourhood taskforces, but what more can Lancashire Constabulary do to tackle the county lines issue and bring order back to our streets?
I thank my hon.
Friend for highlighting this vile type of criminality, which targets the young and the most vulnerable.
As part of our fight against county lines we are investing up to £145 million in our county lines programme, and since it was launched in 2019 police activity has resulted in over 4,700 county lines being closed, over 14,800 arrests and over 7,200 safeguard referrals.
We will keep our focus on this evil criminality.