The hon.
Gentleman is right about the very worrying position that exists in the south of Gaza at the moment.
He will have seen that the United Nations and others are considering islands of deconfliction, particularly around Khan Yunis, including safe zones in order to dispense aid.
But, like me, he will be very aware of the dangers experienced in other safe zones in the past, and the risks for civilians who are involved in them.
How can a two-state solution, which everybody says they want—everybody in this Chamber, at any rate—ever come to pass while Hamas remains in control of the Gaza strip?
I do not think that anybody thinks that Hamas are going to remain in charge of the Gaza strip in the medium term, or anything longer than that.
It is great when the Minister gives very quick answers, which is what I asked him to do.
The prospect of the carnage simply resuming at the end of this pause is a really dreadful one.
What is the Minister’s assessment of the likelihood that the ceasefire might be made permanent if, over a period of some further days, all the hostages are released?
The right hon.
Gentleman will have seen the statements by the Israeli Government about the number of hostages to be released and the possibility of extending the pause in that respect.
The view of the British Government is that we should do everything we can to ensure the hostages are released as speedily as possible.
The longer that this pause continues, the greater chance there is for humanitarian aid to get into Gaza and for progress to be made.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that any ceasefire continuing should be linked to the release of more hostages?
Is he concerned that Hamas are breaking the agreement in several ways, including by separating parents and their  children when releasing one but not the other?
They have not even allowed the Red Cross to visit all remaining hostages, which has been a rule in conflict for over 100 years.
Is he not concerned about these breaches?
I am immensely concerned about the fate of all the hostages.
As my right hon.
and learned Friend will know, there were originally about 240 hostages, and as of midnight last night 58 hostages have managed to get out.
At the same time, 117 prisoners have been released by the Israeli Government.
The sooner that all the hostages are out, the better.
Like others, I felt a real sense of relief watching some of the hostages who emerged and were reunited with their families yesterday.
The Minister said that this pause could turn into a one-off; it need not.
I know the issues are incredibly complicated and I know it is only through international intervention that we will make progress, but could he tell us what steps are being taken not to get to a two-state solution at this point, but to start a peace process between the warring factions that will eventually, one would hope, lead to a two-state solution?
What steps are being taken now by international bodies?
I thank the right hon.
Lady for her question.
She speaks with great wisdom on these matters.
I can tell her that the discussions to which she refers are going on throughout the region and internationally.
Britain is playing a proper part, not least by the visit last week of the Foreign Secretary to the region.
I very much hope we can extend the humanitarian pause.
The Minister, as a former serviceman, like me, will know that the United Kingdom armed forces make extraordinary efforts to avoid civilian casualties, even when targeting terrorists embedded in civilian areas—a point that has been made very forcefully to me by veterans in recent days—so will the United Kingdom carry on very clearly calling on Israel to follow similar standard operating procedures?