Will the Secretary of State agree to meet urgently with me and Dr Hadoura so that she can set out to him more powerfully than I ever could the urgent humanitarian and moral imperative to get the families of UK citizens out of Gaza before it is too late?
The Government have a duty to British nationals, which we take very seriously.
I recognise the plight of many non-British nationals in Gaza, which is why, in my previous role and now supporting the current Foreign Secretary, we have long pushed for a humanitarian pause.
I am pleased that that is in place.
We will continue to work with the international community and the countries in the region to ensure that support is given to the people in Gaza who need it and that action is taken to end this conflict, so that Israelis as well as the Palestinian people can live in peace and security.
As we seek to reduce the backlog of asylum claims, there is a temptation to grant more economic migrants the right to remain here.
Will my right hon.
Friend assure the House that there will be no slackening of the rules to root out economic migrants so that they can be returned to where they came from?
The whole point of having border control is that we can ensure that our migration system supports our economy and our social cohesion.
Both those things are important.
We want to ensure that we are choosing the right people, in the right numbers, at the right pace.
I give the House a categoric assurance that that will always underpin our thinking with regard to what future changes we might make to the legal migration processes.
It is not simply the decibel level of fireworks that is causing an issue; police officers in Scotland have been coming under attack, with fireworks used as weapons.
The Scottish Parliament has control over the sale of fireworks but not their manufacture, as they are classified as explosives.
Will the Minister guarantee that steps will be taken to tighten things up in order to reduce the use of these weapons?
Failing that, will he simply devolve the powers so that the Scottish Parliament can act, as it has done on air weapons and drink-driving?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for that important point.
The control of products is often a matter for the Department for Business and Trade, but since he has raised it at Home Office questions, I will happily take his point away and look into it carefully.
As was referenced earlier, there is growing concern in the retail trade about increases in shoplifting and, in particular, violence against shop workers.
Does the Minister agree that we need custodial sentences for persistent offenders?
Persistent offenders should certainly get sent to prison.
There is no question about that.
Of course, it is now a statutory aggravating factor if the victim of an assault is a retail worker.
We are concerned, though, about retail crime.
We do not want to end up  in the same place as some American cities, such as  San Francisco, with out-of-control looting.
We want a zero-tolerance approach.
That is why just a few weeks ago we launched with police a retail crime action plan, which will see police always follow up evidence, including CCTV evidence and the use of facial recognition technology; always attend where necessary to investigate, or where someone has been assaulted; and particularly target prolific offenders and criminal gangs.
Given the revelation in recent weeks that the Home Secretary’s predecessor struck a deal with the Prime Minister before she took up the post, and given that it is well known that the Home Secretary was very much enjoying his role as Foreign Secretary, will he tell the House what deal he might have struck with the Prime Minister before taking on this role?
A fantastic question, well worth asking.