Are the UK Government being clear with the Israeli Government that, as they seek to continue in their legitimate aim of destroying Hamas, a return to the relentless bombardment, the razing of Gaza and the indiscriminate killing of civilians is not acceptable, proportionate or within international law?
As the hon.
Lady will know, Israel has an absolute right to self-defence.
It has been made clear around the world that that is the right position, but it must abide by international humanitarian law.
Nobody can help but be moved by the sight of hostages being released.
This weekend, the Minister for Immigration,  the right hon.
Member for Newark (Robert Jenrick) , on a public platform, said that the UK Government
“will not rest until each and every one of them is back in the loving embrace of their families,”
It is now more than a month since anybody at all from the UK Government has had any contact at all with the UK citizens who have family members as hostages—not a single phone call.
The Minister will know that I have come to this place and pleaded with him to help arrange just five minutes of Lord Cameron’s time with the hostage families to tell them what the Government are actually doing to help get their family members released.
It has been other Governments who have helped to identify that their family members are alive.
Please, finally, can the Minister listen to those UK citizens asking their Government, “What are you doing to help get my family released?”
and arrange that meeting as an urgent matter?
My understanding is not the same as the hon.
Lady’s in respect of the British hostages.
She will know that over 200 British nationals and their dependants have so far left Gaza, and we are working around the clock to get the rest of those out who want to leave.
In terms of the hostages, my understanding is not the same as she has said.
Does the Minister agree that we cannot accept civilians being ordered to flee into areas that are then subject to bombardment?
Does he share the concerns of the UN and the World Health Organisation about the proposals for a safe zone with no infrastructure, which will cause more problems down the line?
There are very serious problems with safe zones.
We have learnt about them the hard way from the events that took place in Srebrenica, in—indeed—Rwanda, and in northern Iraq.
It is an absolute preoccupation of humanitarians—including those in the United Nations, who are neuralgic about safe zones—to ensure that if we are to distribute very large amounts of aid we have the capacity to do so before too much longer, and we all hope that we are able to do it in the safest possible way.
I welcome the pause, with hostages released and aid delivered, and I hope that it continues.
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for the role that he has played to date, but if this drip, drip of hostage release is to continue, surely more must be done to ratchet up the pressure and ensure that the Red Cross and the Red Crescent gain access to the hostages about whom we have no information.
Is that not a priority now?
The hon.
Gentleman is, of course, right: it is a priority.
There is some suggestion that while I have been on my feet in the Chamber, Qatar has announced that the truce will be extended by two days.
Obviously we all hope that that is true, and that as a result more hostages will be able to leave.
The Minister is known for his humanitarian instincts.
Does he agree that it is unthinkable now to resume the indiscriminate destruction of Gaza and the lives of Palestinian civilians?