Since the previous Home Secretary was removed from her post, I think it is fair to say that the Immigration Minister has become a law unto himself.
First, he briefed the media that he has been instructing the Prime Minister to tear up all our legal obligations to fix the unfixable Rwanda policy.
Then he set himself on a collision course with his new Home Secretary by appearing to bet the house on the Rwanda flights taking off.
To add insult to injury, he went behind his new boss’s back to present his laundry list to the Prime Minister, including a cap on social care visas and abolishing the shortage occupation list.
Does the Immigration Minister have any respect whatsoever for the authority of the new Home Secretary?
Given that he is said to be on resignation watch, will he confirm that he will resign if his proposals are rejected?
Once again, we heard absolutely nothing from the Opposition about what they would actually do.
The sad truth is that they have complete disdain for the British public.
They do not appreciate that the public that we are sent here to represent demand that we reduce the levels of both legal and illegal migration.
The Home Secretary and I will do absolutely everything in our power to achieve that.
We are working closely with the Prime Minister, and we will set out further plans in due course.
But the public watching the debate should be very clear: if they share our determination to tackle small boats or to reduce the numbers arriving in this country legally, they have only the Conservative Party to support.
I call the SNP spokesman.
Last week, a woman and a man died while attempting to cross the channel in a small boat; others in their group were hospitalised for hypothermia.
Despite the clear risks, over 400 people in nine boats were detected crossing the channel in the past seven days.
They clearly felt there was no other choice.
The lack of safe and legal routes is putting people at risk.
Will the Immigration Minister consider a humanitarian visa, as the Red Cross has recommended?
All of us across the House abhor the deaths of individuals in the channel, and we are working closely with the French authorities to investigate the circumstances of those individuals’ deaths.
But those individuals, like anyone seeking to cross the channel, are coming from a place of evident safety.
They are departing from France.
They are in absolutely no danger.
They are in a country with a fully functioning asylum system of its own.
There is no excuse for those people breaking into our country, putting themselves in the hands of people smugglers.
We should be united in trying to deter that.
On the hon.
Lady’s second question about safe and legal routes to the UK, she knows that we have issued more than half a million humanitarian visas since 2015—more than at any time in the history of this country.
If she wants to do more, after the debate she should go straight back to the SNP Government and ask them to pull their weight and provide more safe spaces for asylum seekers and refugees back in Scotland.
The Minister is deflecting quite a lot. [
Interruption.]
Government Members would do well to listen because their systems are not working; they are failing people every single day.
In the first nine months of 2023, a mere 279 Afghans arrived in the UK by safe and legal routes.
For each one, 17 Afghans came across on small boats.
Today, The Independent has laid out the story of a mother of four—an Afghan special forces soldier who served in a unit set up by Britain, trained and paid for by the British armed services—whose application under the Afghan relocations and assistance policy was denied, along with many others from commando force 333 and Afghan territorial force 444.