That is why just a few weeks ago we launched with police a retail crime action plan, which will see police always follow up evidence, including CCTV evidence and the use of facial recognition technology; always attend where necessary to investigate, or where someone has been assaulted; and particularly target prolific offenders and criminal gangs.
Given the revelation in recent weeks that the Home Secretary’s predecessor struck a deal with the Prime Minister before she took up the post, and given that it is well known that the Home Secretary was very much enjoying his role as Foreign Secretary, will he tell the House what deal he might have struck with the Prime Minister before taking on this role?
A fantastic question, well worth asking.
The contract that all Ministers have is with the British people, to work hard on their behalf and to focus relentlessly on their priorities.
That is something that every Government Minister takes seriously, and something totally lacking in the narrative coming from the Opposition Benches, including the Liberal Democrat Benches.
The award-winning Cotswold Canals Trust volunteers have had enough of antisocial behaviour such as graffiti, dog mess and worrying drug paraphernalia everywhere.
It is ruining their hard work on the canal network and is putting them at risk.
Part of our successful approach to trying to tackle it is getting CCTV down the canals.
Will my right hon.
Friend let us know what is happening with the safer streets funding?
Police and crime commissioner Chris Nelson and I have made an application, and we are waiting to hear about it.
A round of safer streets funding was distributed for the current financial year, and we will make an announcement shortly about the following   financial year.
More money will be available, and it will be up to police and crime commissioners to decide how they spend that money.
We will also confirm shortly the roll-out of antisocial behaviour hotspot patrols across the entire country—across all 43 police forces in England and Wales.
Where those have been trialled so far—in Essex, Staffordshire, Lancashire and elsewhere—we have seen 30% decreases in ASB.
Pretty soon, that will be available in Gloucestershire as well.
That concludes proceedings on questions.
On a point of order, Madam Deputy Speaker—
Order.
I will take points of order after the urgent question, unless they are directly relevant to what has just been said.
It is directly associated with the Home Secretary.
It is not directly relevant to a question that has just been answered—well, I am guessing it is not. [
Interruption.]
Order.
We are moving on to a very important matter and I expect the House to be quiet to listen to the urgent question from Mr David Lammy.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs if he will make a statement on the Israel-Gaza situation and the humanitarian pause.
I thank the shadow Foreign Secretary for his question.
A tragedy is unfolding in the middle east.
Israel has suffered the worst terror attack in its history and Palestinian civilians are experiencing a devastating and growing humanitarian crisis.
As the Foreign Secretary made clear, last week’s agreement was a crucial step towards providing relief to the families of the hostages and addressing the humanitarian emergency in Gaza.
This pause has provided an important opportunity to ensure that much greater volumes of food, fuel and other life-saving aid can enter Gaza.
On  24 November  the British Government announced a further £30 million of humanitarian assistance, tripling our existing aid budget for the Occupied Palestinian Territories this financial year.
During the pause, the fourth UK aircraft, carrying 23 tonnes of humanitarian aid for Gaza, arrived in Egypt, bringing the total amount of UK humanitarian aid provided via British aircraft to 74 tonnes.