The Home Secretary owes the House the facts.
There is still no sign of anything on the failed Rwanda plan, because he knows it will not work, and nothing on the trebling of net migration to tackle the skills gaps that are driving work visas.
The Government have been in power for 13 years and all we have is chaos and briefing wars.
His Back Benchers are already calling him “Colonel Calamity”, and he has Corporal Chaos next to him on the Front Bench.
Given the mess he has inherited and his penchant for profanity, does he accept that he is now up a certain kind of creek without a paddle?
The right hon.
Lady is someone I admire hugely, and one of the things I admire most is how she has managed to be at the Dispatch Box twice but has failed to ask anything resembling a sensible question about the issues we are discussing.
When her party was in government, it addressed the volumes of migration by simply redefining people, wiping the slate clean and pretending there was never a problem.
I have said this about the right hon.
Lady’s party in broadcasts, and I say it from the Dispatch Box: there is a gaping vacuum where the Labour party’s policy on migration, whether it be legal or illegal, should be.
Unless and until Labour Members come up with something approaching a policy, I will continue to do what we know to be right: driving down small-boat arrivals and reducing the number of hotel rooms needed.
We have closed 50 hotels and we will do more.
Is the Home Secretary doing enough to reassure Jews that the United Kingdom is safe?
My right hon.
Friend asks an incredibly important question.
I have made it very clear to the police forces of the UK that when members of a minority group in this country tell us that they are living in fear, we must take action.
I am pleased that the policing response this weekend was more robust than on previous weekends—the police are clearly listening to the conversations we are having with them and I commend them for doing so.
I have spoken with representatives of the Community Security Trust and the Board of Deputies of British Jews, and I will be having a meeting with the Chief Rabbi to make it absolutely clear that the Jewish community in the UK has the right to feel safe and this Government will take action to ensure it is safe.
Many of my constituents have faced significant delays when applying for biometric residence permit cards because of technical errors.
One constituent, whose application was approved in July 2020, did not receive their BRP until January 2023 because of printing issues.
What actions are being taken to address the technical problems contributing to delays in processing BRP applications?
I hope the Home Secretary can answer that question.
I am pleased to report to the hon.
Lady that that part of our Visas and Immigration service is now operating within its service standard, so there is a good service being offered to members of the public, but if she has any specific cases, she can bring them to my attention.
As a local authority closely tied to Heathrow airport, the London Borough of Hillingdon has been doing great work to manage the impact of those currently in the asylum process.
That is despite a funding imbalance in national rates, given the local population and the numbers of asylum seekers.
Will my right hon.
Friend commit to work with me to look at how we can ensure that those authorities, such as Hillingdon Council, linked with major ports of entry are given the resources to cope with such demands?
My hon.
Friend raises an important matter for his constituents.