As the hon.
Member will know, the access through Rafah is fettered by physical and non-physical circumstances.
When the Foreign Secretary was in the region last week, he had specific discussions about other means of access into Gaza, and we are doing everything we possibly can, together with our humanitarian partners, to achieve a far greater degree of access for humanitarian supplies.
From the perspective of my constituents in Bolton, we are watching the worst horror movie conceivable, and hitting pause will only delay the suffering.
Boltonians are asking: when can all sides simply hit the stop button and bring about a ceasefire?
If a ceasefire is not possible, what discussions are we having with Israeli and other counterparts about extending the pause after today?
My hon.
Friend will have seen the discussions going on and the offer that, apparently, the Israeli Government have made if extra hostages are released.
All those discussions are continuing.
Clearly, the longer the pause, the more support and humanitarian supplies can get into Gaza.
The British Government are doing everything they can to progress both those things.
I welcome the Minister’s words that the Foreign Secretary is exploring other crossings being opened to get aid into the south.
It is essential that that happens.
If the hostilities resume, as most people expect, what representations are the British Government making to try to stop them moving south, where almost 2 million are displaced and there is nowhere else to go?
I refer the hon.
Lady to the reply I gave a little earlier about the south.
We are conscious of the fact that very large numbers of people are kettled into the south, which makes the supply of aid even more dangerous, unless there is a comprehensive agreement that there will be no hostilities around the areas where aid is being distributed.
We are very conscious of that, and we are working with our partners to make it as safe as possible for aid to be distributed.
It is extremely good news that some hostages have been freed.
However, polling suggests that 75% of the Palestinian people support the atrocities by Hamas, and 85% refuse to even consider the coexistence of a Palestinian state with the state of Israel.
At the moment, Palestinian prisoners are being released to the west bank and Hamas are getting the credit, so does the Minister accept that there is a risk that Hamas not only dominate Gaza but end up dominating the west bank as well?
My hon.
Friend’s comment underlines the importance of a political track emerging and being pursued with great vigour as soon as possible.
I want to talk about the plight of women in Gaza, which a constituent raised with me.
Every day, 180 women in Gaza give birth, most without water, painkillers, anaesthesia for caesarean sections, medical supplies or, as we know, electricity for incubators.
With more than 5,000 women expected to give birth in Gaza next month, will the Minister join Labour in calling for Israel to protect  hospitals in Gaza and allow continued access to medicine, food, water and electricity to protect those women and newborns during birth?
The hon.
Lady is right to draw attention to the very large numbers of women who are seeking to give birth in extraordinarily difficult circumstances.
We are conscious of that in the aid and humanitarian supplies that we are making available.
I completely understand the importance of the humanitarian support workers who are in Gaza—extremely brave people who are putting themselves in harm’s way to support their fellow citizens with humanitarian supplies.
Nowhere is that more true than in the area that she described.
It has been extremely moving to see hostages starting to come out and aid starting to flow in.