I completely understand the importance of the humanitarian support workers who are in Gaza—extremely brave people who are putting themselves in harm’s way to support their fellow citizens with humanitarian supplies.
Nowhere is that more true than in the area that she described.
It has been extremely moving to see hostages starting to come out and aid starting to flow in.
I hope that the truce will hold, but if the hostilities start again, please can the UK Government make every representation to Israel that, in its legitimate efforts to stop the terrorism, it must do more to prevent mass loss of civilian life, especially children?
My right hon.
Friend speaks with experience and wisdom, and the answer is yes.
My constituent Adam Abu Warda has close family in Gaza and is extremely anxious that they should have the opportunity to get out and come to the UK, as other MPs have said.
What is the Government’s policy on our constituents wishing to get their very close family out of Gaza to bring them to the UK?
We are seeking, within the rules the hon.
Gentleman will be aware of, to facilitate, in every way we can, those people leaving Gaza.
As I said to one of our colleagues, it would not be sensible for me to look at the granular detail of the specific case he raises on the Floor of the House but, if he has contacted the emergency consular support team in the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office and has any concerns about the responses he is getting, I am of course very happy, to look at it myself.
Three weeks ago today, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Hendon (Dr Offord)  and I were at Kibbutz Kfar Aza, where we saw and heard things we will never forget, and where the smell of rotting blood and flesh was still pungent in the air, such was the butchery not only of Hamas but Palestinian Islamic Jihad and the thousands of Gazan civilians who streamed into the kibbutzim afterwards.
There are some in this place who seem to give the impression that the only barriers to peace are the actions of the Israeli Government.
The facts are that it is Hamas who are responsible for every death that occurs.
It is the Palestinian Authority whose textbooks preach hate against Jews, not just in Israel but around the world.
It is Palestinian Authority schools that were closed in a day of celebration after  7 October  and, as we heard from my hon.
Friend  the Member for Harrow East (Bob Blackman) , hold such appalling views about coexistence.
Will the Minister, in his dealings with the Palestinian Authority, encourage them to deal with their issues of extremism?
I can tell my hon.
Friend that the British Government are doing everything they can to address the issues behind what he says.
I have no doubt, having been at that terrible location so recently, that that is something he will never forget.
What is the Minister’s understanding and assessment of the Netanyahu Government’s medium and long-term strategy for the Gaza strip?
The right hon.
Gentleman, who is extremely experienced in these matters, will draw his conclusions from what the Israeli Government are saying, just as the British Government do.
Now that the welcome temporary pause is under way, what steps are the UK Government taking to press to ensure that it becomes an enduring ceasefire as soon as possible, leading to a political process for peace?
Are the UK Government being clear with the Israeli Government that, as they seek to continue in their legitimate aim of destroying Hamas, a return to the relentless bombardment, the razing of Gaza and the indiscriminate killing of civilians is not acceptable, proportionate or within international law?
As the hon.
Lady will know, Israel has an absolute right to self-defence.