If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
My mission and that of this Government, on behalf of all people in this country, is to secure our borders and keep people safe from crime and terrorism.
Good progress has been made in driving down crime and stopping illegal small-boat arrivals, but there is, of course, more to do.
The Home Office has been considering further measures to mitigate migration, including by preventing the exploitation and manipulation of our visa system and clamping down on those who take unwarranted advantage of the flexibilities we provide.
We will announce further details on these measures in due course.
Tomorrow, we have Second Reading of the Criminal Justice Bill, which will give police the powers they need for longer sentences for those who would harm others and will increase the trust in policing.
In my constituency, the antisocial and illegal use of fireworks continues to affect law-abiding citizens and our pets.
Will the Secretary of State commit to reducing the legal limit for commercial fireworks from 120 dB to 90 dB or less?
I have not yet had the opportunity to read into that issue—it was not the angle I was expecting in this question—but the proposal seems a thoughtful one.
I will give it due consideration, but I cannot make a commitment at this point.
Off-road bikes are a growing plague across Hartlepool, and my constituents face the danger of young men in balaclavas  driving recklessly along our streets.
Will my right hon.
Friend commit to increasing the support for Cleveland police to tackle this nuisance, beyond the anonymous tip-off system?
Will he also perhaps come to visit some of the excellent Conservative MPs in our region?
I would be delighted to do that, and I support her call.
To achieve precisely the objectives my hon.
Friend describes, from April next year—in just a few months—every police force in the country will receive substantial funding commitments to conduct antisocial behaviour hotspot patrols, including against the scourge of off-road biking that she mentions.
In forces where pilot schemes have been tried, including those in Essex, Lancashire and Staffordshire, we have seen reductions in antisocial behaviour of up to 30%.
I call the shadow Home Secretary.
The Home Secretary has been in post for two weeks, during which time he has used the same language to pick a fight with Stockton and show what he thinks of his own Rwanda policy, he has been attacked by his Back Benchers, and Downing Street has already been forced to confirm it still has full confidence in him.
Twelve days ago he said the number of asylum hotel bed spaces are down, but four days ago Home Office figures showed they are up to a record 56,000—10,000 more than at the beginning of the year.
Does he even know what is going on?
Yes, I do.
Let me expand—that answer was a by-product of the right hon.
Lady asking a closed question at the Dispatch Box.
I have been in this job for 14 days, and I am conscious that my counterparts around Europe and the world are grappling with many of the same issues.
I would love nothing more than to be able to resolve them all in 14 days—I am good, but I am not a magician.
Perhaps that mean an end to the magical thinking that the right hon.
Gentleman’s predecessor called for.
We still have 10,000 more bed spaces than when the Prime Minister promised to end hotel use.
The Home Secretary owes the House the facts.
There is still no sign of anything on the failed Rwanda plan, because he knows it will not work, and nothing on the trebling of net migration to tackle the skills gaps that are driving work visas.
The Government have been in power for 13 years and all we have is chaos and briefing wars.