Friend commit to work with me to look at how we can ensure that those authorities, such as Hillingdon Council, linked with major ports of entry are given the resources to cope with such demands?
My hon.
Friend raises an important matter for his constituents.
As they live in the local authority beside Heathrow airport, it is true that his constituents bear a particular burden with respect to asylum seekers.
We do provide £3,500 per asylum seeker to a local authority to help meet those costs, but a local authority such as Hillingdon does need our support, and I would be delighted to work with him in that regard.
The Home Secretary will be familiar with the invasive surveillance systems that authoritarian states such as Russia and China impose on their citizens.
Is he comfortable with the Policing Minister’s push for similar live facial recognition systems to be used on innocent Brits, at a time when our colleagues in the European Parliament are legislating to abandon this technology?
We should be clear that retrospective facial recognition puts hundreds, if not thousands, of criminals in prison.
For example, it was used to catch a murderer who had killed somebody in a Coventry nightclub who was then identified using an image taken on a mobile phone.
That is a murderer who would not be in prison but for the use of retrospective facial recognition.
Live facial recognition has been used extensively by two police forces and experimentally by two others, including by South Wales, which has an excellent Labour police and crime commissioner, Alun Michael, who has led the way in this area in a way that is safe and that respects privacy.
Critically, if someone’s face is scanned and they are not on the wanted list, their details are deleted immediately, which I hope provides reassurance on the questions of privacy.
Where it has been used, wanted people, including a wanted rapist and a wanted sex offender, have been apprehended who otherwise would have gone free.
I would hope that the entire House can agree that catching wanted rapists is something that we can all get behind.
During the recent protests, we have seen politicians hounded out of their offices and even needing a police escort at a train station.
What more can we do to ensure that people who make decisions are doing it fairly and not from intimidation?
My hon.
Friend makes an excellent point.
That is exactly why we are having an emergency meeting of the Defending Democracy Taskforce tomorrow to assess these issues.
The incidents that we have seen in this country since  7 October —absolutely hateful incidents—have left some people feeling unable to make the arguments that their constituents would expect them to make because they feel vulnerable or they feel threatened.
That is why I have been engaging on a protective security review not just for the Government, but for all Members of this House, and for other elected officials around our country.
It is completely wrong for our democracy to be silenced by anyone, and it certainly should not be silenced by cowards.
My constituent, Dr Lubna Hadoura, has given almost 30 years of service in a specialised role to our NHS.
Today, all she can think about is her 84-year-old mum and other members of her family who are stuck in Gaza with no hope of escape.
Will the Secretary of State agree to meet urgently with me and Dr Hadoura so that she can set out to him more powerfully than I ever could the urgent humanitarian and moral imperative to get the families of UK citizens out of Gaza before it is too late?
The Government have a duty to British nationals, which we take very seriously.
I recognise the plight of many non-British nationals in Gaza, which is why, in my previous role and now supporting the current Foreign Secretary, we have long pushed for a humanitarian pause.