I wonder if Ministers are as astounded as I am that Conservative Members are still attacking us, as the shadow Justice Secretary did at the start of this question time, for clearing up their mess in the criminal justice system.
Will the Government commit to increasing capacity in our prison system, so that we can deal with the crisis that the Conservatives ran away from?
The shadow Secretary of State has not necessarily been in position long enough to have acquainted himself with all aspects of his Government’s performance in this area.
We will spend more this year on building the prison places that the last Government failed to deliver, and we have launched our landmark sentencing review to ensure that we never again have to make emergency releases.
HMP Garth has been likened to an airport because of the number of drones that illegally fly drugs into that prison.
What urgent action is the Lord Chancellor taking to end that unacceptable situation?
Drugs getting into prison is a huge issue, and I am very aware of the issues at Garth.
The Minister with responsibility for prisons will meet the governors and think about how to deal with those problems in the medium and long term.
There was welcome news for the Ministry of Justice in the Budget last week, but I did not hear any mention of legal aid funding.
When will the criminal legal aid advisory board recommendations and the civil legal aid review be published, and when can we expect to see some reversal of the catastrophic cuts made to legal aid and advice since 2010?
We will publish our response to the “Crime Lower” consultation in a matter of weeks.
I anticipate being able to publish the CLAAB report at that stage, and some of the documents relating to the review of civil legal aid before the end of this year.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Transport if she will make a statement on the ongoing connectivity issues caused by belatedly announced cancellations of flights, such as those between Belfast and London.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for an opportunity to talk about these important issues.
It is unusual that we are doing so in an urgent question, not in an Adjournment debate, which is the debate in which he normally intervenes.
I have gone soft.
I know that the issue of connectivity across the UK is of great interest to the hon.
Gentleman and many of his constituents, as connectivity strengthens the bond between our communities.
Cancellations affect passengers and businesses, who rely on punctual services and connections, and have an impact on confidence.
It is the responsibility of airlines and airports to work together to minimise delays and cancellations.
Connectivity across our country is vital; the Government jointly fund three public service obligation routes to London, including from Derry/Londonderry.
However, the UK aviation market operates predominantly in the private sector, and it is for airports to invest in their infrastructure and for airlines to determine the routes that they operate.
I recognise the importance of Belfast City and Belfast International airports for local communities and businesses.
The Department for Transport is actively engaging with regional airports, including those in Northern Ireland, to understand how the Government can support and unlock opportunities for growth.
I thank the Minister for that answer.
Northern Ireland is an integral part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
We would not have a United Kingdom without her, and Members in this Chamber would be a lot poorer for the lack of Northern Ireland.
We are thankful to be a part of these British isles, and have fought hard to remain so.
However, being a part constitutionally and being a part practically are very different things, and the fact is that people need to take a plane or a boat to come across to the mainland.