We are sending too many women to prison, two thirds of whom are non-violent and over half of whom have dependent children, and 75% of the time the child leaves home after the mother is incarcerated.
That is why we have launched the women’s justice board, which will set out its strategy in the spring.
Its goal is to reduce the number of women in prison and, ultimately, the number of women’s prisons.
All Welsh women in prison are held in England, and being far from home adds to the emotional torture of separation from children, but we cannot assess the extent of the separation without public access to Wales-specific disaggregated data.
Will the Secretary of State commit to making this information public so that we can ensure that pregnant women and mothers and children have the proper support they need?
The data on how we track the experiences of women across England and Wales will be work that the women’s justice board—once it is up  and running—will be able to look into and make recommendations on, which we will pick up in the spring.
What recent assessment she has made of the effectiveness of the early release scheme.
The immediate purpose of the emergency release scheme was to stop us running out of prison places and to avert a total breakdown of law and order.
If we look at the prison population today, it is clear that we have managed to avert the immediate crisis, but this was only a short-term measure; we have also set out a long-term plan to build the prison places that the last Conservative Government failed to build.
I have also launched a landmark sentencing review so that we are never forced to look into emergency releases again.
In my Mid Dunbartonshire constituency, the community justice team are having success in preventing reoffending by working with offenders in a trauma-informed   way.
It is recognised that short sentences, as has already been mentioned, do not prevent reoffending.
Does the Minister agree that the prevention of reoffending is central to reducing costs, job losses, family breakdowns and homelessness?
It is clear that we have to do better on reducing reoffending, given that 80% of offenders are reoffenders.
Cutting reoffending is a strategy for cutting crime, keeping the public safe and helping ex-prisoners to turn their lives around.
I am sure that the sentencing review will look carefully at short sentences.
I call the shadow Minister.
Wanting to see justice delivered more consistently for victims is the key reason I sought election to this place, so it is an enormous privilege to take up this role today.
In response to concerns raised last month about offenders who have been released early not being promptly tagged, the Secretary of State assured the House that she will monitor performance daily.
Can the Government now provide concrete assurance to the House and the public that all offenders are being tagged as they should on release?
I welcome the shadow Minister to his place.
I have always enjoyed his contributions to justice debates, so I look forward to working with him where appropriate.
After the Department’s daily monitoring—indeed, monitoring many times a day—I can confirm that the performance of Serco on tagging has improved significantly.
As of  28 October , 98% of all tranche 2 SDS40 release visits to install tags had been completed, with a small number of prearranged alternative fittings also scheduled.
They are now all covered.
Of course, tagging will protect the public only if curfew breaches are addressed swiftly.
Can the Secretary of State tell us whether there have been any breaches of tag-monitored curfews?
On average, how quickly are those who commit a breach brought back into custody?
The hon.
Gentleman’s question is really about rates of recall, which is what happens when licence conditions are breached, including breaches of curfew.
Recall rates for SDS40 releases are tracking similarly to recall rates for other offenders.