May I also say that we will be returning to this matter straight after the case, as Members right around the House, including me, have great concerns?
I assure the House that we will come back to this subject, but, in the meantime, the trial must go ahead.
In Stoke-on-Trent, survivors of rape and sexual assault are supported by the local charity, Savana, which is dependent on rape and sexual abuse funding and funding that it receives from the police and crime commissioner to provide its counselling and independent sexual violence advocate service.
Will the Minister help it with its budget setting by confirming today when it will receive its settlement figures, and give an indication as to whether those figures will be similar to last year’s allocations?
May I also invite her to come to Stoke-on-Trent to see the amazing work that it does?
I thank my hon.
Friend for highlighting the brilliant work of Savana.
The charity does tremendous work in supporting victims and survivors of these abhorrent crimes.
This financial year, the Government are providing  £41 million of ringfenced funding for ISVAs and independent domestic violence advisers.
Now that the departmental budgets for 2025-26 have been announced, the internal departmental allocations process is taking place.
I have written to police and crime commissioners to assure them that they will be told of the settlement by the beginning of December, and I would love to visit Savana in Stoke-on-Trent.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
An estimated 80,000 disabled young people are unable to benefit from their child trust fund savings, because their families are being thwarted by a complex legal process before they can access them.
The previous Government let these families down by tolerating that, so this Government need to act.
Will the Minister commit to simplifying this agonising process to ensure that these disabled young people get the cash that they deserve?
This Government recognise the difficulties that parents and guardians of young people who lack mental capacity can face in accessing their child trust fund.
I recently met the hon.
Member’s colleague,  the hon.
Member for Horsham (John Milne) , and his constituent about this issue.
The Government will consider what can be done in a way that safeguards those who lack capacity.
Several constituents have contacted me about the sentences being handed down to climate protesters, with some seeing these sentences as too long given the pressure on our prison system.
Will my hon.
Friend confirm whether there are any plans to look afresh at sentencing for these types of offences in the context of crowded prisons?
The right to protest is an important part of our democracy, but it has to be exercised within the law.
Sentencing in individual cases is, of course, a matter for independent courts.
In the past week alone, there have been four reported sexual assaults or attempted sexual assaults against women in Londonderry.
I know that justice is a devolved matter, but on average 140 women have been killed every year during the past 15 years.
It is an issue that we cannot ignore.
Will the Minister consider asking her counterparts in the devolved regions to bring a determined focus and unity of purpose to tackling violence against women and girls, to ensure that they all feel safe, no matter where they live in the country?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for that very important question.
He is right: all parts of this country—all our nations—are experiencing an epidemic of violence against women and girls.
We have already spoken about the 16 days of action, which will highlight what we can all do to stand against this abhorrent crime.
I am working with my counterparts across all the devolved nations on how we tackle violence against women and girls.
I will bring forward more information in due course.
As has been said today, justice delayed is justice denied.