I am shocked to hear about the extent of the delay in the case of the right hon.
Gentleman’s constituent.
He is welcome to write to me with the specific details and I will ensure he gets a meeting with the relevant Minister.
Earlier this year, it was reported that over 1,000 cases at Ipswich Crown court are outstanding.
At the last count, each case was taking an average of 249 days to be dealt with, with 144 cases unresolved for two years or more.
What can the Minister do to reassure my constituents, as we look to clear the terrible backlog left by the previous Government?
The Government have made it clear that we are fully committed to bearing down on the Crown court caseload.
To relieve pressure on Ipswich Crown court in particular, the south-east region has begun sending appropriate cases to Cambridge Crown court for hearing.
Nationally, we have increased the number of Crown court sitting days to 106,500, which is 500 more than agreed by the previous Lord Chancellor.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Police firearms officer Sergeant Blake was a hero and we all want to see individuals like him, who put themselves in the line of fire, respected.
What work is the Lord Chancellor doing, alongside the Home Secretary, to review the threshold  for prosecution for individuals such as Sergeant Blake, so that they never find themselves in the invidious position that he did?
I thank the shadow Secretary of State for his question.
He will be aware that charging decisions are a matter for the independent Crown Prosecution Service.
What the Home Secretary has announced, and what I have been working with her on, is the introduction of a presumption of anonymity for all firearms officers if they find themselves being charged by the CPS.
We believe that such a measure could have made a difference in this case.
The Home Secretary has also announced measures that resulted from the police accountability review work undertaken by the previous Government, and we are taking those forward.
I thank the Lord Chancellor for her answer.
Jonathan Hall KC, the reviewer of terrorist laws, has said that the authorities should put as much information as they can in the public domain to maintain public trust in terrorist cases, which have the highest public interest.
In the void, misinformation takes hold and that diminishes public trust.
While of course respecting the judicial process and not commenting on the individual facts of the case, can the Secretary of State explain the reported two-week delay between the CPS making a charging decision with respect to the alleged Southport attacker and it being announced to the general public?
As the right hon.
Member is now the shadow Lord Chancellor, may I remind him that we do not comment on cases that are sub judice?
That includes commentary that everyone is aware relates to cases currently going through our legal processes.
What I will say is that those are independent decisions for the Crown Prosecution Service, which ultimately decides what charges to bring.
In live police investigations into complex cases, it is appropriate that those investigations, the charging decisions and, ultimately, the cases are done by the independent parts of the process and that there is no interference from Government.
May I also say that we will be returning to this matter straight after the case, as Members right around the House, including me, have great concerns?
I assure the House that we will come back to this subject, but, in the meantime, the trial must go ahead.
In Stoke-on-Trent, survivors of rape and sexual assault are supported by the local charity, Savana, which is dependent on rape and sexual abuse funding and funding that it receives from the police and crime commissioner to provide its counselling and independent sexual violence advocate service.