Friend to speak to the Minister for Safeguarding, but as I have previously mentioned, this Government are working holistically across all Government Departments, including the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology and the Home Office, to tackle violence against women and girls.
What steps her Department is taking to help reduce reoffending.
What steps her Department is taking to help reduce reoffending.
Good reducing reoffending activity cannot happen in overcrowded prisons, which is why we took immediate action to relieve the pressure.
This will allow for better access to purposeful activity, which we all know reduces reoffending.
It was a former Prisons Minister who identified that short custodial sentences have a higher reoffending rate than sentences served outside prison.
Does the Minister agree that we need to look at using technology to curtail offenders’ freedoms outside prison and ensure that we cut the cycle of crime?
Yes.
Electronic monitoring is already an important part of safely managing offenders in the community, and one of the principles of the sentencing review is to look at the punishment that offenders receive outside prison, considering how we can best use electronic monitoring and other technologies to safely manage offenders outside the prison walls.
As a former member of a youth justice board, I know that young people who are drawn into offending often lead narrow lives with little opportunity for personal development.
Has the Minister made an assessment of the provision of youth services, such as the Duke of Edinburgh’s award scheme, to engage with these young people and prevent reoffending?
We value youth services, such as the Duke of Edinburgh’s award scheme, that enable young people to develop new skills to turn their lives around.
In fact, the D of E scheme is available in all five of our young offender institutions, and 36 people in YOIs were enrolled in the scheme in August.
Last week I met former prisoners who had taken part in Greene King’s Releasing Potential scheme, which is now being expanded with two further training kitchens going into prisons to help people turn their lives around.
What are the Government doing to boost such programmes, and the employment advisory boards that we set up, to ensure that while prisoners are rightly punished they are also rehabilitated?
Such schemes and initiatives are exactly the sort of thing that this Government want to celebrate as best practice and replicate in other settings.
Answers to my recent written parliamentary questions have talked of the positive impact that relations with families can have on prisoner resettlement.
However, in a number of cases, particularly those involving sexual violence, the prisoner has no contact with the family and their release is usually a traumatic moment for those families and children.
That is why I welcomed Labour’s manifesto pledge to introduce a national identification system for the children of prisoners as a  vitally important measure.
What are the Government doing to meet that pledge and break the offending cycle across generations?
Identifying children with a parent in prison is important for ensuring that they receive the support they need.
Strengthening family ties remains an integral aspect of our work, which is why our family support workers help to re-establish appropriate family ties and facilitate visits from prisoners’ children.
My officials are working closely with the Department for Education to determine how much more we can do in this space.
What steps her Department is taking to support incarcerated pregnant women and mothers.
We are sending too many women to prison, two thirds of whom are non-violent and over half of whom have dependent children, and 75% of the time the child leaves home after the mother is incarcerated.
That is why we have launched the women’s justice board, which will set out its strategy in the spring.
Its goal is to reduce the number of women in prison and, ultimately, the number of women’s prisons.