What steps her Department is taking to support young offenders.
The young futures programme will be a prevention-first approach to crime reduction, building on the Department’s successful turnaround programme.
I was very pleased to visit the first secure school which will put education at its heart, ensuring children in custody turn their lives around.
Over the past decade, the quality and quantity of education in young offenders institutions has declined, as reported by Sir Martin Oliver, His Majesty’s chief inspector of education, children’s services and skills, and Charlie Taylor, His Majesty’s chief inspector of prisons.
These institutions are facing difficulties in managing challenging behaviours, leading to an increase in children being put into isolation.
Children in these institutions deserve a high-quality education that helps them to turn their lives around.
The current system is failing them badly.
Will the Minister outline what actions the Government can take to ensure that young offenders receive a high-quality education—
Order.
We are in danger of not getting anybody else in.
These are becoming statements rather than questions.
I am sure the Minister has grasped it.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
We know there is more to be done, as my hon.
Friend  outlines.
Keep-apart lists make it difficult for children to access education in young offenders institutions, so we need to find different and better ways of reducing violence and delivering education in these settings.
During the 12 years that I was a Member of the Scottish Parliament, one of the most instructive and rewarding parts of my role were my occasional visits, with other MSPs, to HMP Porterfield in Inverness.
Does the Minister agree that encouraging MPs to do the same would do a very great deal not just for young offenders, but offenders of all ages?
I commend the hon.
Member for his actions.
He is right that visits to local prisons, or prisons elsewhere, are a good thing to do.
I have recently visited Humber, Wakefield, and New Hall prisons, and will be visiting Wetherby young offenders institution tomorrow.
I call the Chair of the Justice Committee.
Is the Minister worried about the increasing criminalisation of young people?
I notice that the Ministry of Justice published statistics last week that say one in four people of working age in the UK had criminal convictions.
Should we not look at the current disclosure framework, so that people with criminal records for minor offences from years ago are not prevented from finding work, moving on and contributing to society?
My hon.
Friend, the Chair of the Justice Committee, identifies a subject that might well be useful for his Committee to examine.
A young person I know was involved in an incident at 16.
Can the Minister assure me that, because delays to going through the youth justice system have meant that that young person has not had the case adjudicated, that young person will not be adjudged an adult if they pass their 18th birthday when a conclusion is reached?
The hon.
Member draws attention to an issue.
If she would like to write to me about that particular incident, I will write back to her.
What steps she is taking to ensure that the register of judgments, orders and fines in England and Wales is an effective tool for financially vulnerable claimants and debtors.
The register plays an important role in helping lenders assess credit worthiness and enhancing financial transparency.
These objectives seek to support vulnerable debtors by encouraging and enabling responsible borrowing.
A consultation on including claimant data on the register closed recently.
Responses to it were very positive and I hope to announce a way forward imminently.
I am pleased to hear the Minister is moving forward with the next steps following the  consultation.
I would further like to congratulate the Minister on moving swiftly on this matter, especially as the consultation had been stalled since January.