We all deserve access to clean water that does not put our health at risk.
This is not radical action, as both the EU and US have taken significant strides to tackle PFAS pollution in recognition of the multitude of health concerns linked to the chemicals.
The US has introduced a limit of 4 nanograms per litre for perfluorooctane sulfonic acid, or PFOS, and perfluorooctanoic acid, or PFOA, while from January 2026, EU member states will have to ensure that the sum of all PFAS in drinking water does not go above a limit of 0.5 micrograms per litre.
Sadly, Brexit has meant that in the three and a half years since the UK left the EU Registration, Evaluation, Authorisation and Restriction of Chemicals regulation—the EU system of regulating chemicals—our response to the growing threat of PFAS has moved at a snail’s pace and we have fallen behind.
Other than one internationally banned substance, not a single restriction on a harmful substance has been adopted since the UK left EU  REACH in 2021.
That is in part due to the UK no longer having access to the world’s most comprehensive chemical registration database held by the European Chemicals Agency; we must now go through duplicate processes for regulatory decision making.
There is a clear need for European alignment, and I sincerely hope that the Government will keep their manifesto promise to see that through.
It is also worth noting that Scotland adheres to EU guidelines, so it will be English and Welsh citizens who are left without the protections our neighbours enjoy, which is a bizarre misalignment.
If we do not regulate PFAS as a chemical group, we risk equally toxic new pollutants replacing the ones we regulate.
We risk becoming a dumping ground for products with banned PFAS.
We risk becoming the dirty man of Europe.
In 2023, the Health and Safety Executive identified PFAS chemicals as a risk for consumer exposure and recommended legislation to limit the presence of these chemicals in our drinking water.
Sadly, the previous Government did nothing, but my cross-party Bill provides a golden opportunity for the new Government to act to stem the untold harm being unleashed on our land, water and people, and to answer the call of the hundreds of groups and hundreds of thousands of citizens who are demanding action.
Only last month, 59 of the world’s leading scientists wrote to the Government urging them to adopt a more ambitious approach to the regulation of PFAS by regulating it as a group.
Surely it is time to listen.
Finally, I want to thank the organisations who have supported me with this Bill and have long championed the cause well before I became aware of it, including the Royal Society of Chemistry, UK CHEM Trust, Wildlife and Countryside Link and the Marine Conservation Society.
They and many others are dedicated to ensuring that we have a country where we can safely enjoy nature and preserve people’s health for generations to come.
Ultimately, this is not only about us, but about our children and our children’s children.
There is no better legacy we can pass on to them than to safeguard their health as best we can.
This Bill would be a significant step towards achieving that.
Question put and agreed to.
Ordered,
That Munira Wilson, Tim Farron, Alex Sobel, James MacCleary, Alberto Costa, Edward Morello, Ellie Chowns, Sarah Olney, Ruth Cadbury, David Chadwick, Cameron Thomas and Mr Joshua Reynolds present the Bill.
Munira Wilson accordingly presented the Bill.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 24 January 2025 , and to be printed (Bill 120).
Debate resumed (Order,  4 November ).
Question again proposed,
That income tax is charged for the tax year 2025-26.
And it is declared that it is expedient in the public interest that this Resolution should have statutory effect under the provisions of the Provisional Collection of Taxes Act 1968.