We would not have a United Kingdom without her, and Members in this Chamber would be a lot poorer for the lack of Northern Ireland.
We are thankful to be a part of these British isles, and have fought hard to remain so.
However, being a part constitutionally and being a part practically are very different things, and the fact is that people need to take a plane or a boat to come across to the mainland.
Three million passengers travelled on scheduled domestic flights in the UK between July and September 2021, and the third and fourth most popular routes were between Belfast and London.
We have a huge share of domestic routes, and the reason is clear: people in these parts of the United Kingdom have such strong links, and such a strong need to go between them.
Yesterday, a cancellation text was sent to passengers booked on a flight from Belfast City airport to London City airport.
The passengers on that flight were not simply frustrated businessmen and women; they included a disabled person who had arranged special assistance, a person on their way to a health appointment in London, and a family getting a connecting flight to their holiday destination.
We understand that bad weather can affect flight patterns, and sometimes these things are unavoidable,  but my understanding is that yesterday’s flight was cancelled back in September.
It is the flight that never was.
They took our money, took our boarding passes and let us through security, but the plane was not there.
It is quite unbelievable.
The person going to the London hospital was booked on a flight seven hours later, completely missing their appointment.
For the business people, their day was gone.
The holidaymakers’ connection had flown.
Those attending Great Ormond Street children’s hospital or other hospitals missed appointments, as did businessmen and businesswomen—the whole thing was unbelievable.
There were no announcements in Belfast City airport, although we were all waiting for the flight that never was—100 people from across Northern Ireland.
I could understand if this were an anomaly, but it is fast becoming a norm—one that will affect business investment and tourism in Northern Ireland.
Procedures need to be urgently reviewed.
There is to be additional air passenger duty; I hope that some of the additional money raised from people travelling within the UK can be used to ensure that airlines live up to their responsibilities and maintain connectivity as a priority.
Thank you for granting this urgent question, Mr Speaker, and I thank the Minister as well.
The limit is normally two minutes.
I know you are making up for that flight yesterday, and of course the House missed you—that is why you got the UQ.
Business and tourism are vital for growth, as the hon.
Gentleman said.
We did have some connectivity problems and cancellations due to Storm Ashley recently, and I am sorry to hear about his constituents missing appointments, particularly his disabled constituents.
The Secretary of State will lead work in this space, because accessibility on flights is vital.
Belfast is still served  by 22 to 35 flights a day, and I suggest that the hon.
Gentleman takes the issue up with airlines and the airport.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
Last month, 18 flights between Belfast City and Heathrow were cancelled, and I can only imagine how difficult that must be for Members from Northern Ireland and their constituents.
The previous Transport Committee, in its aviation reform inquiry, recommended that the Government revise the public service obligation routes and the subsidies to improve domestic air connectivity.
Does the Minister agree that that is important to connecting Northern Ireland with the rest of the UK, and will he bring forward work on that?
I thank the Chair of the Transport Committee for the excellent work that she does in this field.
Cancellations are bad for business, tourism and passengers.