It is a great place to live, visit, work and do business.
On the specific points about prices, I think there are 19 flights or more a week in summer from Derry/Londonderry, which is well connected.
I suggest that the hon.
Member gets involved with the airlines and the airport owners but, yes, we can look at that when we come up to review the public sector obligation.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Thank you very much, Mr Speaker.
I can sympathise with  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon) , and I thank him for tabling the urgent question, because we consistently have the same problem at Edinburgh and other Scottish airports, with a lack of connectivity and the disruption that that causes.
I understand that the weather was a key reason for the delays this weekend, but another was delays at air traffic control, which is under pressure because of staff shortages and rising traffic.
Eurocontrol, the main organisation supporting European airspace, has warned that to keep passengers safe and stop disruption better co-ordination is required between aircraft operators, airports and others across the continent.
Will the Minister tell me what conversations the Secretary of State has had with European partners on building resilience in air traffic control?
Do the Government have confidence in the robustness of air traffic control in the UK to serve our connectivity properly?
Officials engage regularly with their counterparts across Europe and the European Union.
The Government have committed to airspace modernisation, which will improve resilience.
I look forward to support from Liberal Democrat Members in the near future as we progress towards modernising airspace right across our great nation and nations.
I thank the Minister for his response and for reiterating the importance of getting regional air connections right, as that can help to underpin economic growth.
I hope he agrees that we should not allow ourselves to be distracted.
Does he agree that large parts of our country could be better served by better regional rail connections, which would hopefully reduce some of the congestion at our airports?
Public transport penetration within an hour of an airport is vital and is a key performance indicator for how airports can grow and serve people better.
Better rail, better bus, better road links and better active travel to our airports are critical for this industry.
Aberdeen airport is another that struggles with cancelled flights.
Over 4% of flights were cancelled last year, which makes it one of the airports with the highest cancellation rates in the country.
Does the Minister agree that we must make sure that all our regions in the UK, including Scotland, have a reliable connection, especially to London, for things such as business travel?
Linking our rural communities to urban centres is really important, so what can his Government do to make sure that those things improve?
I thank the hon.
Member for standing up for her local airport in Aberdeen.
As someone who recently caught a connecting flight in Manchester from Newquay, going on to Aberdeen, I can say that Loganair provided an excellent service.
It was a great honour to visit Aberdeen airport recently to see its helicopter base for North sea oil and its importance to the transition that we will begin with our clean energy mission.
I suggest that the hon.
Member takes that up with Andy,  the chief executive there, and perhaps the new director of corporate affairs, Gavin Newlands, the former MP for Paisley.
There are no public flights from north Wales to London, so we depend on trains.
Travellers on Avanti West Coast’s north Wales service endure chronic overcrowding, reduced direct services to London since covid, rolling stock breakdowns and on-the-day cancellations three to four times higher than the rest of the Avanti network.
That franchise runs to 2026.
What are the Government doing to make sure that Avanti offers the people of north Wales and their economy a decent—
Order.