I did actually go back to check the pledges made by the Conservative party in its 2024 manifesto just to see how extensive the work of fiction was, only to find that the manifesto page on its website now reads “page not found”.
The truth is, had the Conservatives won the election, it would have been deleted just as quickly.
That was not all I was told when I became Secretary of State in July.
Despite 18 months of strikes in the NHS, there was no funding put aside to end the junior doctors’ dispute.
What is more, the previous Health Secretary had not met the resident doctors since March—the Conservatives had given up even attempting to end the strikes.
People should remember that this winter.
For all the challenges that the NHS will face, this will be the first winter in three years when NHS staff will be on the frontline, not the picket line.
That is the difference that a Labour Budget makes.
I was told that GPs would be qualifying this year with no jobs to go into.
The Government found the funding and we are hiring an extra 1,000 GPs this year.
That is the difference that a Labour Budget makes.
On the Budget, GPs, hospices and care homes have been found to be either exempt or not exempt from the national insurance contributions.
Will he clarify whether hospices, care homes and primary care are exempt or not?
That really matters to their costs.
I am grateful for that intervention for two reasons.
First, it gives me an opportunity to say to GPs, hospices and other parts of the health and care system that will be affected by employers’ national insurance contribution changes that I am well aware of the pressures, we have not made allocations for the year ahead, and I will take those representations seriously.
Secondly, it gives me a chance to ask the hon.
Member and the Opposition: do they support the investment or not?
Are they choosing to invest in the NHS or not?
They are now confronted with the hard reality of opposition.
Just as when we were in opposition we had to set out how much every single one of our policies would cost and how those would be funded, they have to do that now.
If they oppose the investment, they have to tell us where they would make the cuts in the NHS.
If they oppose the investment, they have to tell us where they would make the cuts in school budgets.
Those are the choices that we have made, and we stand by those choices.
The Opposition will have to set out their choices, too.