We intend to publish our response shortly to the “Crime Lower” consultation, which relates to the fees paid to duty solicitors in police stations among other things, and we will follow up on that with our response to the Law Society’s successful judicial review of the previous Government’s decision on criminal legal aid fees.
The Minister has referenced magistrates courts.
Cheltenham magistrates court, I regret to inform the House, has backlogs, but also an inappropriate courthouse.
It is failing victims, the accused and justices of the peace, and it is not accessible for disabled people.
The roof is leaky, and it is generally considered to be in a shocking state of affairs.
Will the Minister make a statement on whether there will be investment in magistrates courthouses to ensure that justice can be carried out at the local level?
If the hon.
Gentleman writes to me with specific details of the issues in his local magistrates court, I will raise those with His Majesty’s Courts and Tribunals Service.
We were successful in securing a £177 million increase in capital spending for the Ministry of Justice in last week’s Budget.
That will cover expenditure on prisons and courts.
What steps her Department is taking to support victims of rape and sexual violence through the criminal justice system.
We are committed to supporting victims of those abhorrent crimes and have dedicated £26 million to support services through the rape and sexual abuse support fund.
We have also announced our plan to introduce free independent legal advocates for the victims and survivors of adult rape and are committed to working with the judiciary to fast-track rape cases through the courts.
Avon and Somerset police, who are responsible for upholding the rule of law in my constituency, pioneered a new, innovative way of investigating rape and sexual violence called Project Bluestone.
When rolled out nationwide as Operation Soteria it led to a 110% increase in rape prosecutions, according to Home Office data.
While an increase in prosecutions is very welcome, it also means that more victims, including those in Weston-super-Mare, are reliving their harrowing ordeal when going through a trial.
Will the Minister outline how her Department is working to provide support to the increasing number of victims experiencing the incredibly difficult trial process?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that really important question; he raises some serious points.
The Ministry of Justice funds over 60 specialist support services for victims of rape and sexual offending as well as dedicated victim support through the witness service.
Court personnel provide support during and after hearings, and we have invested in trauma-informed training to improve the victim experience throughout court.
Rape and serious sexual offence victims can also request transcripts of sentencing remarks for free during a one-year pilot.
I encourage all those who are eligible please to apply to the pilot.
Will the hon.
Lady please confirm the number of criminals convicted of rape, sexual abuse, domestic abuse and domestic violence who are now back on our streets as a result of her Department’s early release scheme?
As the hon.
Lady will know, the Government took steps to exclude the most serious domestic abuse offenders from SDS40, an exemption that was not made under the previous Government’s end-of-custody supervised licence scheme.
That was because we know that we need to protect women and girls, and we have a landmark mission to protect women and girls from violence.
All the data on releases will be published as usual—the Lord Chancellor has made that clear—but we know that we need to do more.
We welcome the new shadow Secretary of State.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
I belatedly congratulate the Government Front-Bench team on their appointments—I have been a little busy over the summer.
The only group the Labour Government’s popularity has increased during that time with is criminals.
How many domestic abusers and sex offenders released under their early release scheme have gone on to reoffend?