Does the Minister agree that that is important to connecting Northern Ireland with the rest of the UK, and will he bring forward work on that?
I thank the Chair of the Transport Committee for the excellent work that she does in this field.
Cancellations are bad for business, tourism and passengers.
The public service obligation arrangements come up for renewal regularly, and I think that flight prices, connectivity and cancellations should be looked at in the round when we come to renew them.
Flight cancellations are a significant issue that we took seriously in government, and worked across the sector to tackle.
I am proud that in government we published the aviation passenger  charter, which included clearer advice on how passengers can resolve issues to do with cancelled and delayed flights, as well as missing baggage and the rights of disabled passengers.
In 2023, we halved air passenger duty for domestic flights.
We also made a commitment to strengthen the powers of the Civil Aviation Authority.
Does the Minister intend to take that forward?
When in government, we also published “Flight path to the future”, which included a substantial framework for increasing the efficiency of the aviation system and supporting passengers as we move further towards the goal of sustainable aviation.
What further steps will the Minister take to ensure that the measures that we set out to improve the aviation sector and the passenger experience are taken forward?
Frankly, this Government have failed the public so far.
Last week’s Budget was, in large part, an attack on workers, businesses, farmers and the aviation sector.
The Government’s decision to increase air passenger duty has led to a worried response from the passenger aviation sector, and Ryanair has already announced its intention of cutting flights to and from UK airports by 10%.
The Government have so far shown themselves to be deeply uninterested in the consequences of their actions for workers, farmers and now air passengers.
More in hope than expectation, I ask the Minister: what steps will the Government take to improve the relationship with the passenger aviation sector and ensure that passengers are well served?
I say with all candour to the hon.
Gentleman that I remember that during covid—I shadowed this brief at the time—there was no specific package for airlines, airports or airport handlers.
That meant that we came out of covid in a much worse position than we would have if the Government had implemented their own Treasury’s proposals.
We will take no lectures about our support for aviation.
On his question about rights for passengers, we will look at strengthening those going forward.
APD went up by less than inflation—it had not been increased in a number of years—but I refer him to the Treasury for more detailed answers on tax matters.
I think we have finally figured out why the shadow Secretary of State for Northern Ireland has not yet been able to make it to Northern Ireland.
I thank the Government and the Northern Ireland Executive for their recent commitment to the City of Derry airport.
The public service obligation on the Heathrow route is very important for connectivity to the north-west of Ireland.
When the Minister reviews the PSO for the next tranche of funding we hope to get, will he do some work with the airlines to bring fares down?
They are out of reach for many people in the area.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for all he does in this space.
I join him in encouraging the shadow Secretary of State to go to Northern Ireland, which is a fine country.
The hon.
Gentleman knows that I visit regularly, coming through Belfast and Derry/Londonderry.
It is a great place to live, visit, work and do business.
On the specific points about prices, I think there are 19 flights or more a week in summer from Derry/Londonderry, which is well connected.
I suggest that the hon.