This Government put in strict protections to protect the public, unlike the previous Government, who introduced an end-of-custody supervised licence scheme.
Those who are released from sentences for common assault are flagged for domestic abuse markers, and they are given priority for electronic monitoring and risk assessments.
I meet the sector regularly to look at what else we can do.
We are learning lessons from SDS40, but this Government are committed to halving violence against women and girls.
What steps her Department is taking to improve the enforcement of the code of practice for victims of crime in England and Wales.
We will implement the Victims and Prisoners Act 2024, which lays a good foundation for ensuring that victims know the rights they should receive under the code and that agencies are held accountable for delivering them.
We will consult on the revised victims code early next year, and we will go further by increasing the Victims’ Commissioner’s powers so that there is more accountability for delivering the code.
My constituent Dr Marie Gerval was a victim of stalking by a man with whom she had had a brief relationship.
He even put a tracker on her car without her knowledge.
There were needless delays in her case, and she felt that she was not taken seriously.
So bad was the stress that her hair fell out.
Later, it transpired that the investigating officer on her case was himself convicted of stalking a woman.
Will the Minister   meet me and Dr Gerval to discuss how the code of practice for victims can make sure that this does not happen to other women like her?
What Dr Marie Gerval experienced is totally abhorrent, but sadly she is not alone in experiencing these crimes.
The Government are committed to treating stalking with the seriousness it deserves by enhancing stalking protection orders, implementing automatic suspensions for officers under investigation for domestic abuse and sexual offences, and introducing mandatory professional standards for individual officers.
The Home Office is also looking at the police response to stalking as a part of our work to better protect victims of violence against women and girls.
I encourage my hon.
Friend to reach out to the Home Office Minister responsible for safeguarding, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Birmingham Yardley (Jess Phillips) , but I will happily meet her.
What steps her Department is taking to support victims of commercial sexual exploitation through the criminal justice system.
The Ministry of Justice provides funding for vital victim support services to help victims recover from the impact of crime.
His Majesty’s Prison and Probation Service has developed guidance to support and identify victims of modern slavery and human trafficking, including those who have been sexually exploited.
Scottish organisations such as TARA and Routes Out provide exemplary support to women who are exploited through prostitution and sex trafficking.
However, these organisations are faced with an endless stream of women, in part because the law in Scotland, England and Wales provides impunity to pimping websites.
Does the Minister agree that the UK Government should lead the way by outlawing pimping websites and offering support, not sanctions, to victims of commercial sexual exploitation?
This Government are leading the way with our mission to halve violence against women and girls—all women and girls.
The Victims and Prisoners Act 2024 will require local commissioners to develop joint needs assessments for victims of sexual abuse in order to identify and address the current gaps, and to support these women.
On outlawing pimping websites specifically, I would encourage my hon.
Friend to speak to the Minister for Safeguarding, but as I have previously mentioned, this Government are working holistically across all Government Departments, including the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology and the Home Office, to tackle violence against women and girls.
What steps her Department is taking to help reduce reoffending.
What steps her Department is taking to help reduce reoffending.