I belatedly congratulate the Government Front-Bench team on their appointments—I have been a little busy over the summer.
The only group the Labour Government’s popularity has increased during that time with is criminals.
How many domestic abusers and sex offenders released under their early release scheme have gone on to reoffend?
Would the Minister like to apologise to the victims?
Well, I was going to congratulate the right hon.
Gentleman on his new role, but he seems to have a very short memory.
It is he who should be apologising to the country as a whole on behalf of  his Government for their woeful abuse of our justice system and our prisons.
Under the previous Government’s ECSL scheme, there were zero exemptions to protect the public.
This Government put in serious exemptions to prevent sex offenders and serious violent criminals from being released on to our streets.
Maybe he should have a bit of humility.
There were exemptions in the previous Government’s scheme, but the key thing is that we need to get on and build more prisons.
Prison works, and we need to see more prisons being built.
The last Conservative Government built more prison places than any prior Labour Government in living memory, but we clearly need to go further.
What funding has the Lord Chancellor secured to build prisons over and above those secured by the previous Government?
Does the Minister agree with the other junior Minister that fewer people should be sent to prison?
Again, the right hon.
Gentleman forgets who was in power for the last 14 years and who failed to build any prison places.
Just 500 extra prison places were built under his Government’s watch.
The Government have allocated a record £1.2 billion for prison building in the Budget, and we will be going further.
We are the party of law and order.
He needs to look at his record.
Whether she plans to widen the scope of cases covered by legal aid.
Legal aid is a vital part of the justice system.
It underpins our plans to build a justice system that works for victims, supports access to justice and upholds the rule of law.
We are looking carefully at the evidence gathered as part of the review of civil legal aid, which covered issues such as demand, fee levels and the geographic provision of services.
Cuts to legal aid and the narrowing of its scope by the Conservatives have meant that many people are no longer able to resolve their problems through access to early legal advice.
That has resulted in legal representation being available only to those who can afford it.
Will the Minister consider looking into restoring legal aid to the level it was before the Legal Aid, Sentencing and Punishment of Offenders Act 2012 for all areas of civil law, to ensure that justice is made available to all people who can afford it?
Will she commit to reviewing the bureaucracy of the Legal Aid Agency, which does not support the needs and capacity of small firms?
My hon.
Friend has significant experience of working in the legal aid sector, and she is right to highlight the importance of good quality legal advice to resolving a whole range of social welfare problems.
We are looking at how to improve access to  early legal advice and support, but she will appreciate the challenging financial outlook that we are grappling with.
I will raise the administrative issues in relation to the Legal Aid Agency with its chief executive.
Every week I have people coming to my office who are victims and have no access to money.
They deserve justice, and the only way they can get it is with legal aid.
What discussions has the Minister had with the Policing and Justice Minister in Northern Ireland to ensure that legal aid available here can also be available in Northern Ireland?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for his question.