What discussions has the Minister had with the Policing and Justice Minister in Northern Ireland to ensure that legal aid available here can also be available in Northern Ireland?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for his question.
I have yet to have those conversations with my counterparts in Northern Ireland, but I hope to do so in the coming months.
What steps her Department is taking to support prison officers.
By immediately reducing prison overcrowding, we have made prisons safer to work in.
We have also accepted the 5% pay award recommended for prison officers in full.
I have been made aware of the consequences of 14 years of neglect of our Prison and Probation Service by the Conservative party: the critical overcrowding due to the lack of investment; staff at all levels feeling exhausted, scared, demotivated, disenfranchised and undervalued; officers facing unacceptably high levels of violence and drug abuse; and bullying between prisoners.
What is the Department doing to rectify the consequences of this litany of neglect by the so-called party of law and order, to give our prison officers the support they deserve?
My hon.
Friend tells it how it is.
The Conservative party left our Prison and Probation Service in a mess.
Our job, on behalf of the British people, is to clean up that mess.
That is what we are doing.
HMP Featherstone, HMP Oakwood and HMP Brinsford, also a young offender institution, in my constituency are brilliantly supported by amazing staff, but one of the pressures on them is the number of foreign national offenders in those prisons.
What steps is the Minister taking to ensure that those foreign national offenders are returned to where they came from?
We are already on track to remove more foreign national offenders than the Conservative party ever did.
What steps her Department is taking to improve the single justice procedure.
I have listened carefully to concerns raised about the single justice procedure.
As a first step, I have asked the Courts and Tribunals Service to redesign the SJP notice and make it clearer.
I will also call in SJP prosecutors to discuss ways in which we can ensure that they consider the public interest in advance of making prosecutions.
Earlier this year, a decision by the chief magistrate overturned the use of SJP for rail fines, potentially nullifying and requiring the refunding of as many as 74,000 fines.
In the past few days it has been reported that LNER has brought similar prosecutions under SJP without supplying any evidence at all.
I make no assumption about the guilt or innocence of anyone involved in those prosecutions, but justice must be open, clear and fair.
It is unfair to expect people to engage with a process without it being clear what evidence has been laid against them.
Will the Minister confirm that her Department will keep those principles at the heart of all our justice practices, including SJPs?
I will raise the evidential questions that my hon.
Friend raised with representatives of the train operating companies when they and other SJP prosecutors join me in discussions in the next few weeks.
I am clear that the single justice procedure is vital for the efficient running of the magistrates court.
However, it must operate fairly and effectively.
I will not tolerate poor practice, and I will not hesitate to fundamentally reform the system if that is required.
What steps her Department is taking to support young offenders.
The young futures programme will be a prevention-first approach to crime reduction, building on the Department’s successful turnaround programme.
I was very pleased to visit the first secure school which will put education at its heart, ensuring children in custody turn their lives around.