I remind the hon.
Member that as a tax, air passenger duty is a matter for His Majesty’s Treasury.
In the Budget we announced APD rates from 2026 to 2027, to account for the previous extraordinarily high inflation under the Conservative party, and to ensure that the aviation industry continues to contribute a fair share to the public finances.
Given the dissatisfaction we are hearing about connectivity in Northern Ireland, which is a critical part of the UK, it seems to me that in the next review of the public service obligation, the Minister must commit to include Belfast City airport and a review of the operators.
Will he do so?
That is a good question, but I would do that automatically, and I extend that to the other parts of our great nation where the public service obligation applies.
Let us not forget City of Derry airport, which is vital for the economy of the north-west in that fantastic part of our nation.
Everyone understands that there are cancellations due to weather and other issues beyond the control of airlines, but will the Minister meet the likes of BA to ensure that it understands the need for reliability, and for information to be given to customers as quickly and promptly as possible, so that they can take steps to make alternative arrangements if possible?
I thank the hon.
Member for his question.
I recently met the chief executive of British Airways and raised regional connectivity.
Does the Minister agree that good transport links between the rest of the United Kingdom and Northern Ireland are vital for business and tourism, and that delays and cancellations look extremely bad in the eye of the public?
Will he commit to contacting BA to try to resolve these issues?
I refer the hon.
Member to my previous answer: I have already raised regional connectivity with BA and other airlines.
Odhran Dunne, chief executive officer of Visit Derry, has said there is a “fantastic buzz” around that airport at the moment, and around what is  happening in the north-west.
It is great to see the work going on with the Northern Ireland Executive in supporting that airport, which is a driver of the regional economy.
What support will the Government provide to Northern Ireland airports to ensure our continued and improved connectivity?
The previous Government promised £2.3 million to Belfast International airport in my constituency, under round 2 of the levelling-up fund, which would create jobs, reduce air and noise pollution, and improve the passenger experience.
Will the Minister provide an update on that?
It is great that the Northern Ireland Executive are up and running.
In the devolution settlement they will be getting more money, and it is a matter for them how they spend it.
On Northern Ireland and particularly Belfast, only this week easyJet—the biggest airline operating out of there, providing 3.8 million seats—has introduced new routes to Prague and Marrakech, and new aircraft.
The future is bright for aviation in the Province.
What conclusion does the Minister draw from the fact that dubious cancellations such as those we saw yesterday are far more prevalent where there is a commercial monopoly on the route, such as there is between Belfast City and London City airports, which was the route affected yesterday?
If he draws the conclusion that connectivity is not helped by a monopoly, what action do the Government intend to take to encourage competition on such routes?
The hon.
and learned Member states that case, but there is a very open market in connectivity, with a number of airlines flying from Northern Ireland, and Belfast in particular, to the south-east and other UK destinations.
I refer him to my previous answer: when public service obligations come to be reviewed we will look at the matter in the round.
Rest assured that I am keen on connectivity between our great nations.
Presentation and First Reading ( Standing Order No.