I refer him to my previous answer: when public service obligations come to be reviewed we will look at the matter in the round.
Rest assured that I am keen on connectivity between our great nations.
Presentation and First Reading ( Standing Order No.
57 )
Secretary Wes Streeting, supported by the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Secretary Yvette Cooper, Secretary Shabana Mahmood, Secretary Jonathan Reynolds, Secretary Hilary Benn, Secretary Ian Murray, Secretary Bridget Phillipson, Secretary Jo Stevens, Secretary Steve Reed, and Andrew Gwynne presented a Bill to make provision about the supply of tobacco, vapes and other products, including provision prohibiting the sale of tobacco to people born on or after  1 January 2009  and provision about the licensing of retail sales and the registration of retailers; to enable product and information requirements to be imposed in connection with tobacco, vapes and other products; to control the advertising and promotion of tobacco, vapes and other products; and to make provision about smoke-free places, vape-free places and heated tobacco-free places.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time tomorrow, and to be printed (Bill 121) with explanatory notes (Bill 121-EN).
Motion for leave to bring in a Bill ( Standing Order No.
23 )
I beg to move,
That leave be given to bring in a Bill to require the Chief Inspector of Drinking Water to issue guidance to water companies on poly and perfluorinated alkyl substances in drinking water; and for connected purposes.
Decreased fertility, thyroid disease, miscarriage, reduced sperm quality, cancer.
What do all those conditions have in common?
They have all been linked to the pervasive presence of PFAS—perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances, better known as “forever chemicals”.
PFAS are used to make materials heat, water, flame, or stain resistant.
They are found in thousands of everyday products, from Teflon frying plans to raincoats to our toiletries.
Their bond is one of the strongest in nature, able to stay intact for decades.
In fact, those chemicals are so long-lasting that scientists have not yet been able reliably to identify how long it might take to break them down.
Because they are so difficult to break down, once they get into our environment and our drinking water, PFAS can easily build up in our bodies.
They can enter our bloodstream, and even be passed on to our children through breast milk.
That has severe implications for intergenerational health.
Studies have found that children exposed to PFAS build up are at increased risk of lower birth weight, weaker bones, and immune resistance to vaccinations.
PFAS chemicals are forever, and they are everywhere.
These chemicals are in the water we drink, the clothes we wear, the food we eat and even in the rain that falls from our skies.
PFAS affect every single one of us, young and old.
PFAS are all-pervasive, which makes the scale of the challenge incredibly daunting, but we must start somewhere, and that is why I am calling for the Government to start with our drinking water.
Despite all the alarming health risks I have just outlined, there is currently no statutory regulation of PFAS chemicals in England and Wales and no legal limit on the amount of PFAS present in our drinking water.
There is only guidance that water is “wholesome” and a limit of 0.1 micrograms for only 47 out of the thousands of existing PFAS chemicals.
It is fair to say that the presence of carcinogenic, non-degradable forever chemicals makes our water far from wholesome, and instead akin to a chemical cocktail that desperately needs regulation.
I should stress that these chemicals are synthetic, not natural.
Before their manufacture started in the late 1940s, no PFAS were present in our environment.
It is an injustice to future generations that they should have to suffer the consequences of exposure to these chemicals before they are even born.
People may ask, “Are PFAS a threat to us here in the UK?”