The hon.
Gentleman’s question is really about rates of recall, which is what happens when licence conditions are breached, including breaches of curfew.
Recall rates for SDS40 releases are tracking similarly to recall rates for other offenders.
We will publish those statistics once they have been assured in the usual way, which I believe will be immediately after Christmas.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of recent changes to the early release scheme on the demand for housing provided by local authorities.
With this Government’s scheme, unlike the previous Government’s rushed scheme, we  are giving our excellent staff time to work with national and local housing partners to minimise any impact on local authorities.
Given that secure housing on release has a proven positive impact on the recidivism rate of ex-offenders, which is something we all welcome, how many prisoners released early by this Government are being housed in hotels?
Fewer than 20.
What assessment she has made of the effectiveness of education and training provided to prisoners.
We have reduced overcrowding to ensure that prisons have the capacity to focus on education and training.
For example, HMP Highpoint’s state-of-the-art rail centre of excellence gives prisoners industry-standard training and guaranteed employment on release.
A couple of weeks ago, I visited the Bronzefield category A women’s prison in my Spelthorne constituency.
I saw that prisoners doing work were rewarded with small amounts of money, but the weighting of their pay preferred people who take part in numeracy and literacy over skills, such as working in the bicycle repair shop or the hair salon.
Is that a national approach, or is it something the governor has done pragmatically to fit his personal circumstances?
It sounds like an interesting approach.
I would be grateful if the hon.
Gentleman wrote to me so that I can look into it and write back to him.
It is certainly the sort of thing we need to be looking at.
I join  the right hon.
Member for Basildon and Billericay (Mr Holden)  in calling for the Government to consider the children of prisoners.
I met the children’s Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Lewisham East (Janet Daby) , just last week, and I know it is very much on her radar.
However, this is an urgent issue.
This week, I have been told about a child who had been living alone for months because the authorities simply did not know that their parent was in prison—
Order.
That is not relevant to the question.
Minister, would you like to respond?
No.
In which case, we will leave it there.
What steps she is taking through the criminal justice system to facilitate the removal of foreign national offenders from the UK.
How many foreign national offenders were removed from the UK through a prison transfer agreement in each year since 2010.
I share the public’s view that there are far too many foreign national offenders in our prisons.
Since coming into office, we have returned more than 1,500 foreign offenders and, I am pleased to say, we are on track to remove more foreign offenders this year than at any time in recent years.
Some 12% of the prison population in England and Wales are foreign national offenders, so what specific action is the Justice Secretary taking to remove FNOs from our prisons and return them to their countries, including through the use of the prisoner transfer agreements that were put in place by the previous Government?
As I say, we are on track to remove more foreign offenders this year than in previous years.
In fact, over the period when the shadow Justice Secretary was the Immigration Minister in the previous Government, the number returned was around 1,300.
We have already returned more than 1,500 foreign offenders, utilising all the prisoner transfer agreements at our disposal.