As I say, we are on track to remove more foreign offenders this year than in previous years.
In fact, over the period when the shadow Justice Secretary was the Immigration Minister in the previous Government, the number returned was around 1,300.
We have already returned more than 1,500 foreign offenders, utilising all the prisoner transfer agreements at our disposal.
We are actively trying to negotiate more such agreements, so that we can continue to speed up removals from this country.
The previous Government negotiated a scheme by which we can deport Albanian prisoners back to Albania.
It is an excellent scheme; Albania is a completely safe country, of course.
Given that those crossing the channel are committing an illegal offence, is there anything legally to stop us arresting them and putting them on a flight straight to Albania?
We do not even need to lock them up in Albania; they can just start their journey all over again—what a good deterrent.
As the right hon.
Gentleman well knows, we have legal obligations to those who arrive in this country that have to play out.
However, PTAs relate to those who have committed an offence, have been convicted and are being held in the prison estate.
They can therefore be removed from this country under a prisoner transfer agreement.
We are working with the Albanians to ensure that the PTA with Albania is as effective as possible.
Will my right hon.
Friend consider a stand-alone deportation order as part of the sentencing review, so that rather than taxpayers having to pay to imprison foreign offenders for years on end, those offenders are deported back to their country of origin?
Personally, I am of the view that deportation for somebody who has been convicted and is due to be imprisoned in our country is as good a punishment as serving time in a prison in this country.
We are looking actively at what more we can do to make the early removal scheme as effective as possible, including potential options to bring forward the point of early removal from this country.
I will be working with colleagues in the Home Office as we develop our plans in this area.
One of my constituents—
Order.
This is the first topical question.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
I think Members from all parties need a reminder about the form in this House for oral questions, Mr Speaker.
Since the last Justice questions, I have launched an independent review of sentencing.
It will ensure that there is always space for dangerous offenders in our prisons and that we expand the use of punishment outside prisons, so that no Government are ever forced to release prisoners early again.
The Government have also introduced their first Budget and we have seen an additional £850 million of funding for the Ministry of Justice.
I note the arrival of the new shadow Justice Secretary,  the right hon.
Member for Newark (Robert Jenrick) .
While rumour has it that this job was not his first choice and he may have been asked to do it on more than one occasion by his new boss, I warmly welcome him to his new position.
One of my constituents has been attending court to resolve a matter around divorce and periodical payments since 2015.
Although she has achieved positive results at all the court hearings, with many court orders, sadly there have always been errors and incompetence in the system.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss these matters so that I can get a final resolution, after almost a decade, for my constituent?
I am shocked to hear about the extent of the delay in the case of the right hon.
Gentleman’s constituent.
He is welcome to write to me with the specific details and I will ensure he gets a meeting with the relevant Minister.