The Opposition have just elected a leader who has made rape jokes previously, but this is about leadership and taking things seriously, and that is exactly what this Government and I are doing.
I urge the hon.
Lady to write to the Home Office about the specific point that she has made.
As a survivor of domestic abuse—indeed, having endured the experience of my ex-husband standing against me in the recent general election—I have personal and direct experience of the systemic bias against us.
Does the Minister agree that we need a comprehensive approach that provides support and consideration at every stage of the criminal justice system; does she agree that that requires funding, not least for specialist support services; and does she agree that we need to address the legal aid crisis as well?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her bravery and for speaking out about her experiences as a victim-survivor, which has undoubtedly helped countless others.
She is right that this will take every single Department across Government looking into how we stamp out violence against women and girls in our communities and society.
She is also right about funding.
We are currently looking through the funding we received at the Budget, and in due course I will be able to outline how we will support services.
If she would like me to meet her to discuss this further, I shall be happy to do so.
Under the last Government, only 2% of reported rape cases made it to trial, because women did not feel safe about reporting rapes or did not think they would be taken seriously.
How are the Government ensuring that more brave women who report their rapes are seen quickly and effectively in the court service and get the justice that they deserve?
My hon.
Friend has outlined the stark reality of what rape victims and survivors face in our criminal justice system.
Not only are far too few cases getting to court, but 60% of rape victims are pulling out of the system, which is why we are committed to introducing independent legal advocates for adult rape victims.
We will be working with the judiciary to fast-track RASSO cases through our courts, and support victim-survivors through every step of the criminal justice journey.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I welcome the new shadow Justice Secretary to his place.
As he has campaigned to withdraw from the European convention on human rights, I am sure we can rely on him to champion international law for all of us across the world.
I want to ask about domestic abuse.
For too long, domestic abusers have been able to exploit a loophole in our legal system, whereby the domestic abuse that they perpetrate is masked by the ambiguous conviction of common assault.
This has meant that, under this Government and the previous one, domestic abusers have qualified for early release schemes.
When I pushed the Secretary of State on this issue the other day, she admitted that her measures to exclude domestic abusers from early release were
“not of course fully comprehensive.
”—[Official Report,  22 October 2024 ; Vol.
755, c. 206.]
The Liberal Democrats believe that things need to go further.
Will the Minister meet me and domestic abuse charities to discuss some of our proposals for closing the loopholes so that victims and survivors get the justice they deserve?
I thank the Liberal Democrat spokesperson for his question.
He will know that certain offences are excluded from the SDS40 early release scheme, not the offender.
This Government put in strict protections to protect the public, unlike the previous Government, who introduced an end-of-custody supervised licence scheme.
Those who are released from sentences for common assault are flagged for domestic abuse markers, and they are given priority for electronic monitoring and risk assessments.
I meet the sector regularly to look at what else we can do.