Responses to it were very positive and I hope to announce a way forward imminently.
I am pleased to hear the Minister is moving forward with the next steps following the  consultation.
I would further like to congratulate the Minister on moving swiftly on this matter, especially as the consultation had been stalled since January.
I hope that with care and attention, data protection for claimants will soon be able to be included in the register.
Will the Minister also consider other updates to the register, such as recording partial settlements and shifting the burden of proof on debt satisfaction?
That would really help my constituents in Swindon.
My hon.
Friend raises some interesting points and, as he is, I am always very keen to help people in Swindon.
Our focus is on responding to the consultation on including claimant data on the register, which would improve financial inclusion by helping people to resolve judgment debts.
Once our response has been published and any reforms regarding claimant data are implemented, we will consider any wider reforms.
What steps she is taking to support survivors of domestic abuse and violence against women through the criminal justice system.
What steps she is taking to support survivors of domestic abuse and violence against women through the criminal justice system.
We are committed to supporting victims and survivors of these abhorrent crimes, including through the £26 million rape and sexual abuse support fund and the funding of independent domestic and sexual violence advocates.
Furthermore, we will increase the powers of the Victims’ Commissioner to improve accountability when victims’ needs are not met.
Many of my constituents, including members of our local Soroptomist International group, will be taking part in the United Nations’ 16 days of activism against gender-based violence, which includes digital violence.
What steps are being taken in the prison system to rehabilitate individuals whose criminal behaviour was the result of being radicalised online, and will digital citizenship education play a part in their rehabilitation?
I thank the hon.
Lady for that really important question, and I urge everyone in the House to get involved in the 16 days of activism—this year’s theme is “It starts with me”, which I think is a lesson that we should all take on board.
The Prison Service assesses the impact of online influences and  the need for rehabilitation for convicted terrorists in the first year after their sentencing, but digital citizenship education forms just one part of that rehabilitation.
Once we get our prison population under suitable  control—following what happened under the previous Government—we will be able to do more of this  important work.
Offenders convicted of violence  against women and girls are also eligible for accredited programmes, although that will depend on their assessed risk and need.
The Scottish Government recently decided against including misogyny in their Hate Crime and Public Order (Scotland) Act 2021, but we know how pernicious and widespread misogyny is, especially in the context of domestic abuse.
Just 6% of all offences are reported, and there are even lower rates for rape and sexual assault convictions.
Is the Lord Chancellor planning to review aggravated offences, and misogyny in particular, to ensure that women and girls get the protection that we deserve?
As the hon.
Lady will know, this Government were elected with a landmark mission to halve violence against women and girls over the course of a decade.
Every single Department, including the Department for Education, will look at how we tackle misogyny in our schools, streets, homes and workplaces, online, and indeed everywhere.
The Opposition have just elected a leader who has made rape jokes previously, but this is about leadership and taking things seriously, and that is exactly what this Government and I are doing.
I urge the hon.
Lady to write to the Home Office about the specific point that she has made.