A careful balance must be struck between increasing fishing opportunities and protecting vulnerable bass stocks, but I assure my right hon.
Friend that these matters will remain open.
Since April last year, thousands of homes in my constituency have suffered from a fly infestation assumed to originate from a recycling plant.
Will the Minister meet me and the Environment Agency to get this resolved?
I am more than happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman to try to deal with these issues, because for this Government dealing with waste and recycling is incredibly important.
If the challenges are having an impact on householders, we need to get on top of this, and I am to meet him to discuss it.
Walleys Quarry, in the constituency of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Newcastle-under-Lyme (Aaron Bell) , is stinking again, with monitoring stations showing high levels of hydrogen sulphide and with complaints soaring.
The site is blighting my constituents too, and the Environment Agency now says the owner is no longer working towards compliance.
It is long past time that the permit was revoked and the company prosecuted.
Will the Minister come to Staffordshire to witness the stink and see the sorry sight for himself?
When he does, can he take the licence away from the one at Cuerden, in Chorley?
I always listen closely to your steer, Mr Speaker.
My hon.
Friend raises an extremely important issue, which I know is very troubling to those affected.
The Under-Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Keighley (Robbie Moore)  is going there in the coming days, and I can assure her that this is being discussed and actively followed up.
Food price inflation remains twice as high as general inflation in the UK, and the Energy and Climate Intelligence Unit warns that it could rise even higher next year.
What assessment has the Secretary of State made, with his colleagues, of the impact of soaring food prices on those we represent?
Of course, we continue to monitor food price inflation and work with the sector to reduce it as much as possible.
We co-operate with not only farmers, processors and retailers, but all those involved in the sector to try to make sure that we provide a reasonably priced food basket for our constituents.
The good news is that the cost of our food basket in the UK is lower than that found in many parts of the European Union.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
In response to Question 1, the Secretary of State attributed another party’s position on Europe to my party.
The Alba party’s position on Europe is to opt for the European Free Trade Association, thus maintaining sovereignty over fisheries and farming.
I would be grateful if the Secretary of State would correct the record.
I call the Secretary of State.
Such is the confusion within the Scottish National party that I hope the House forgives me for the mistake.
I recognise that the hon.
Gentleman has changed his party and now is an Alba Member.
I am happy to correct the record.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
I would like your advice on the scheduling of business today.
A number of people—
Sorry, but that is not relevant to the questions we have just had.
The only way the hon.
Gentleman can raise that as a point of order is by doing it after we have done all the questions.
We now have questions to the Attorney General.
The Attorney General was asked—
What steps she is taking to help ensure effective prosecution of perpetrators of fraud and economic crime.
What steps she is taking to help ensure effective prosecution of perpetrators of fraud and economic crime.
What recent steps her Department has taken to increase prosecution rates for fraud and economic crime.