From blocked culverts to overflows from highways and apparently insufficient drainage on newly built estates, the causes are wide-ranging.
At the meeting’s conclusion, I asked the agencies to provide a written breakdown of their action plan.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss the plan and how his Department can assist?
As my hon.
Friend knows, I am familiar with the Fylde and the issues there.
I am always happy to meet him to discuss the issues he mentions.
I am in contact with the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities about new developments and some of the wider issues that my hon.
Friend has been raising.
I call the Scottish National party spokesman.
The UK ended the year as the only rich nation with food price inflation of more than 10%, and families buying food still face persistent price increases.
New Brexit red tape affecting European food imports poses a further risk of rising inflation in the prices of items such as bread, milk and even baby formula.
May I again ask the Secretary of State to commit himself to implementing food price controls if further Brexit red tape leads to the food price hikes that are being anticipated?
Such is the obsession with Brexit in the SNP that we hear no mention of the impact of the war in Ukraine, no mention of the farmers who are striking across the EU, and no recognition of the huge amount of work on supply chains that is being done by my right hon.
Friend the Farming Minister.
Moreover, the hon.
Gentleman seems not to have noticed the rapid review of labelling that we are conducting, which is about empowering consumers and ensuring that the high animal welfare standards that we have in England are better reflected.
I am sure the Secretary of State has seen reports in that about a third of the UK wheat crop has either rotted in the ground because of the wet conditions, or was not drilled at all.
Supplies of spring seed are very tight, with many varieties already sold out, and while it is possible for some farmers to use farm-saved seed, it is illegal for it to be traded between farms.
Many farmers did not grow spring crops this year or, indeed, sell their crops at harvest.
Is there a solution to the problem?
I am very alive to this matter, both because of the very good work that Farmers Weekly has done to highlight it and because my right hon.
Friend, as Chair of the Select Committee, has discussed it with me and my right hon.
Friend the Farming Minister, who is also discussing it with plant breeders.
We need to look at what we can do constructively, working with them, to deal with what is an entirely legitimate issue.
According to the recent report from the Office for Environmental Protection, the Government are off track when it comes to hitting environmental targets, which include restoring our waterways to health.
What will the Government do to get back on track?
As was mentioned earlier, that report was based on two months of data within a 25-year plan, and was therefore somewhat premature in its judgment.
This is the first Government in the world to put legally binding targets to reverse nature decline into law.
Yesterday, we marked the first anniversary of those targets at Kew,  and set out further proposals which have already been touched on.
We have also provided international leadership by putting nature at the heart of tackling climate change at COP26, which was strongly reflected at COP28.
The Select Committee has been consistently holding water companies and regulators to account for the inexcusable levels of sewage being illegally dumped in our precious waterways, but more can be done.
Does my right hon.