Have any been ejected?
As others have said, those who are targeted by the Taliban cannot wait.
The Minister indicated to the shadow Minister that we are about to have discussions with Pakistan, but what discussions have already taken place?
We are all concerned that Pakistan is ejecting people.
Finally, the fear of persecution due to religion or political beliefs is a qualifying factor under the refugee conventions.
What consideration has the MOD given to the compatibility of that qualifying factor with the ARAP scheme?
To take the hon.
Gentleman’s last point first, the MOD is not considering asylum claims, which are a separate matter for the Home Office.
The MOD is considering the cases of people who claim to have served alongside UK armed forces.
Although I do not doubt the seriousness of the right to asylum, the MOD makes no decisions in that regard.
We have no responsibility for that part of immigration policy.
Turning to indefinite leave to remain, I will need to write to the hon.
Gentleman with the detail, because my understanding of the immigration status of those approved to come to the UK under ARAP is that they have it immediately: they are effectively citizens, in that they have the right to immediately come here, live and work.
There is no further immigration phase required after their arrival, because the approval of their visa to come affords them all the rights that indefinite leave affords them in the first place.
However, I will write to the hon.
Gentleman to confirm that my understanding is correct and that he has not picked up something that I was not aware of.
On Pakistan, I refer the hon.
Gentleman to my earlier answer.
I genuinely could not wish for better engagement from the Pakistan Government with our high commissioner in Islamabad, and I am grateful to the Pakistani high commissioner to London, who has similarly made himself available to me whenever I have needed to speak to him.
The issue with people in Pakistan is challenging: Pakistan has a very large cohort of people whom the Pakistan Government regard as illegal migrants and whom they are seeking to deal with.
That is their sovereign choice as a nation, and it is not for us to tell them that they must not.
However, where we have been able to tell them that people are part of our scheme, those people have been protected from deportation.
For that, we are very grateful indeed.
Further to the question asked by my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Haltemprice and Howden (Sir David Davis) , we clearly  owe these individuals a debt of honour.
What assessment has the Minister made of the number of people who are affected and how many families there are?
What is the Ministry of Defence doing to reach out to the families of these brave men and women to ensure they can come here, as they should have the right to do?
We think that about 2,000 decisions need to be looked at again.
Some of those will be entirely the right decision—they just were not written up and documented particularly well—so it is difficult to say at this moment how many of the cases that we will review will require further scrutiny.
What I can say to my hon.
Friend is that once we have carried out that initial review of the robustness of the decisions that were taken, we will notify people if their case is up for review and additional information might be required.
While I will set out the detail of that process in the “Dear colleague” letter that will follow, my expectation is that we will also reach out at that point to any colleague in the House who has advocated for that case, so that they are aware that it is up for review and can similarly put forward whatever evidence they have.