This means that Henry not only lost all the crop that was flooded, but will be unable to plant a new crop in spring.
He is not the only farmer to be impacted.
When will the Government realise that their failure to be decisive and get ahead of the problem of weak defences is costing farmers their livelihoods and—
Order.
We only get until 10 o’clock—to take advantage is just not fair.
We must have briefer questions from the Front Bench.
Not only has the water Minister, the Under-Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Keighley (Robbie Moore) , been decisive; he has met the individual farmer the hon.
Lady mentions on his farm.
We are taking action to look at how we can better empower the internal drainage boards—[Interruption.]
The hon.
Lady chunters from a sedentary position.
I actually represent, in the fens, one of the areas where internal drainage boards are most important.
I have worked with them for 14 years, and the ministerial team is working actively with them now.
Whether he has had recent discussions with his EU counterparts on access to veterinary medicines in Northern Ireland.
Arrangements are in place through to the end of 2025 to support the continuity of the supply of veterinary medicines into Northern Ireland.
We are clear that we must also ensure a long-term solution to safeguard those supplies on an ongoing basis, and we will continue to engage with the EU on all aspects of the operation of the Windsor framework.
Continued restrictions to veterinary medicines remain a very real threat to local agriculture.
The British Veterinary Association Northern Ireland Branch president has said that a serious risk is posed to public health and animal welfare if a permanent solution for access to veterinary medicines in Northern Ireland is not found.
While the Command Paper signals a welcome focus on this issue, with a working group to deal with it, can the Minister confirm that the Government will act unilaterally by spring if it is not resolved?
We will continue to work with the EU to try to find a long-term solution.
Of course, we have to find that solution.
Those negotiations are ongoing, and I do not want to pre-empt any of those discussions from the Dispatch Box, but we do recognise that we need a long-term solution to solve this challenge.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Since I last updated the House, the Government have been delivering on their plan to back British farmers.
We are now seeing an average increase of 10% in our environmental farming payments so that farmers can protect our environment and continue to grow the food that we need.
Recent storms have threatened the livelihoods of many farmers, which is why, alongside the wider flood recovery framework, I announced financial support of up to £25,000 for farmers who have suffered uninsurable damage to their land.
Yesterday was the one-year anniversary of our environmental improvement plan; I will not repeat the announcements we touched on earlier, Mr Speaker, given your steer on brevity.
Finally, it is worth reminding the House that we have passed Second Reading of the Pet Abduction Bill, which introduces stricter sentences for those who steal dogs and cats.
Pet abduction causes huge trauma to families and to pets, and we are taking decisive action to address those crimes.
Flooding has caused repeated damage to homes across rural Fylde.
Last week, I held a multi-agency meeting with Fylde’s flood authorities, which updated me on the work carried out since our initial meeting last July.
From blocked culverts to overflows from highways and apparently insufficient drainage on newly built estates, the causes are wide-ranging.
At the meeting’s conclusion, I asked the agencies to provide a written breakdown of their action plan.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss the plan and how his Department can assist?