Given that the Northern Ireland Assembly will hopefully be up and running again, will the Minister have discussions with the Department of Agriculture, Environment and Rural Affairs Minister, to ensure that we can work together for the betterment of all?
Peatlands are such an important habitat, so it is important that we work together.
That is why we are putting huge amounts of money into restoring peatlands in the uplands and the lowlands, and we have just increased our sustainable farming incentive payments for that.
Farmers can get more than £900 a hectare to start to re-wet peat.
I call the shadow Minister.
I agree entirely with what  the hon.
Member for East Worthing and Shoreham (Tim Loughton)  said.
We welcome the Government’s intentions on peatland, but the idea that this Government, after 14 years, is so fizzing with new ideas that they do not quite have the parliamentary time to get on with acting on those intentions is, candidly, laughable.
Will the Minister tell us what is actually happening?
We were expecting legislation in this year’s King’s Speech, but it is not there.
There is an urgent need for it, and it is supported by industry.
Will the Government just get on with implementing one of the few popular policies they have left?
The hon.
Gentleman should look at what we are doing on peatland; I have just mentioned it.
There is all the work to restore peatlands, both upland and lowland, and all the work on pilot projects so that farmers can transition to new crops to grow on peatland.
We have committed to banning the use of peat when parliamentary time allows.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help ensure public safety from dog attacks.
We have taken quick and decisive action following the concerning rise in fatalities; there have been nine recent fatalities.
We have now seen 30,000 dog owners registered as part of the balanced approach we are taking.
Following the ban on XL bully dogs, owners will have applied for a certificate of exemption, so that they can  keep their dog, and as part of that, the dog has to be neutered.
The British Veterinary Association has put forward a prudent neutering suggestion: given the evidence that neutering large-breed dogs before they are 18 months old can increase the risk of developmental orthopaedic disorders and other medical conditions, will the Government take the reasonable, small step of extending the neutering deadline to the end of June 2025 for those dogs under seven months of age at  31 January 2024 ?
Given my hon.
Friend’s expertise on this issue as Parliament’s only vet, I listen closely to what he proposes.
As he knows, neutering is a necessary population control, and we have already responded to the greater risks to dogs of a young age by taking action to extend the deadline.
I am happy to take away the proposal that he raises and look at the issue again.
The deadline for registering XL bullies was 12 o’clock yesterday.
I have been contacted by a constituent who missed the deadline for financial and personal health reasons.
Many people up and down the country will genuinely have not been able to meet the deadline.
According to the legislation, they could face up to 14 years in prison, an unlimited fine and the destruction of that XL bully pet.
Can the Secretary of State advise me what steps people in that position—people who genuinely wanted to register—might take to remedy this awful position?
Across the House, we all want to ensure that a proportionate approach is taken, and that people register as quickly as possible.
We all see the risks, in terms of the harm and the attacks that the House has been united in addressing.
I am happy to look at any specific constituency case that the hon.
Gentleman raises, but the clear message is that people need to register as quickly as possible.