Considering that the UK Government have already written off an alarming £8.7 billion that they spent on protective equipment bought during the pandemic, will he commit to routinely publishing accounts including the number of prosecutions and the cost of recovery for covid-19 contracts and support schemes?
The hon.
Gentleman misunderstands my point: the SFO deals with the most complex schemes.
Not for a second would I have suggested that any such fraud is not serious—of course it is—but the vast majority of the crimes to which he alludes would be dealt with by the CPS.
Indeed, the CPS has charged a number of individuals with precisely those sorts of crimes.
What recent discussions she has had with the Director of Public Prosecutions on his priorities for the Crown Prosecution Service.
I have regular meetings with the Director of Public Prosecutions.
His priorities align closely with those of the Government—namely, tackling delays, combating violence against women and girls, enhancing our work with victims and driving improvement across the system.
It appears that almost every week on our streets we see hate-filled demonstrations with antisemitism rife, yet no action seems to be taken.
The end result is that my hon.
Friend  the Member for Finchley and Golders Green (Mike Freer)  has announced his decision to leave this place because of antisemitism and the threats against his person.
Will my right hon.
and learned Friend the Attorney General take up the matter with the CPS, to ensure that that is the last such case and that antisemitism is prosecuted properly in the way it should be?
My hon.
Friend raises an important and serious matter.
I reassure him that I have been working closely with the CPS, which in turn is extremely close to the police, to deal with these very significant issues.
The CPS has been embedded in the control rooms during the most serious of the marches that have taken place.
I also reassure my hon.
Friend that a large number of prosecutions have already started.
Most of the ones that have come to conclusion are necessarily guilty pleas, because prosecutions take time, but we all saw, sadly, a large uptick in that horrible crime after  7 October  last year, and we are just starting to get to the phase when trials are beginning where people have not pleaded guilty.
I hope he will take some reassurance from my answer and that he will come and see me so that I can talk him through some of the work we are doing.
Does the Attorney General agree that a key priority for the CPS must be fixing the flawed way that joint enterprise laws are used, and does she agree that no one should ever be convicted of a crime that they made no significant contribution to?
I know the hon.
Lady is a long- time campaigner on joint enterprise, and I also know that the Lord Chancellor, my dear friend in this place, has also considered such matters very carefully.
What recent steps she has taken with Cabinet colleagues to ensure the rule of law is upheld within Government.
I have always been clear that the rule of law is fundamental to our constitution, and it is the duty of the Law Officers to  uphold it.
As I emphasised in my speech at the Institute for Government last summer and in my appearance before the House of Lords Constitution Committee, I take that duty very seriously indeed.
I engage not only with colleagues across Government but with students and other young people, to ensure that the rule of law is protected not just now but for generations to come.
The Horizon scandal has raised many important legal questions, ranging from the reliance on flawed evidence to the slow pace of the justice system in correcting miscarriages of justice.