If we had followed his model or his advice, we would still be in the EU.
Our retailers, our farmers and our processors are working together, and we want to see fairness in the supply chain.
We want fairness for the consumer, and also for the farmer, the retailer and the processor.
Ynys Môn farmers and the farming community are important to food production, and their profits are vital to our Anglesey island economy.
Does the Minister agree with Aled Jones, the president of National Farmers Union Cymru, that Welsh Government sustainable farming schemes will have “damaging consequences”, including the potential loss of 5,500 jobs in the sector?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for how she campaigns on behalf of her constituents.
I know that Welsh farmers are very concerned about the Welsh Government’s approach to Welsh agriculture.
Here in England, we are trying to support farmers in producing top-quality food and looking after the environment, and I think the Welsh Government need to reflect on how they should influence their farmers to do exactly the same.
What steps he taking is to support local authorities to reduce litter and fly-tipping in cities.
What steps his Department is taking to tackle fly-tipping.
I know what a blight litter and fly-tipping can be on local communities, which is why we have provided nearly £1 million to help councils purchase new bins and almost £1.2 million to combat fly-tipping, while a further £1 million will be awarded in the spring.
We have more than doubled the maximum fines that councils can issue, with all income from fly-tipping fines to be reinvested in enforcement and cleaning up our streets from April, to ensure that councils can invest in cracking down on crime.
Bring the Wombles back!
My constituents’ anger and frustration with litter and fly-tipping has grown as £390 million-worth of Government cuts to Newcastle City Council’s budget has impacted on services.
Children in particular complain to me about having to play in rubbish.
My 15-point plan for rubbish sets out some of the additional powers councils need to address the scourge.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss it, and will he back Labour’s plan for fixed penalty notices for fly-tippers?
This Government are taking tough action on fly-tipping, which is why we have specifically allowed councils to collect those fines and ringfence them for prosecution and cleaning up the streets.
It is important to note that it is Conservative councils that are going above and beyond in dealing with the issue; Labour councils are three times worse than Conservative councils at dealing with fly-tipping crime.
Residents living in Cobham Road, Friar Park, in my constituency have recently experienced fly-tipping in the alleyway behind their properties.
Despite this being reported by councillors four months ago, Sandwell Council has still not removed that rubbish.
Apart from telling my constituents to vote Conservative in May, what further steps can the Minister take to ensure that councils fulfil their duty to remove rubbish quickly?
My constituents in West Bromwich East deserve better.
I am disappointed to hear once again about the fly-tipping that my hon.
Friend’s constituents are experiencing for the first time in Friar Park.
We are giving councils extra powers to crack down on fly-tipping, but of course it is up to councils to use the powers we are giving them, and it is important to note that the Labour administration at Sandwell Council is once again the worst performing council in the country, with zero prosecutions for fly-tipping last year.
That is despite this Conservative Government raising fixed penalty notices for fly-tipping from £400 to £1,000, and the Government enabling those councils—
I call Ruth Cadbury.
Hounslow Borough is plagued by fly-tipping.
Despite the council using all the powers it can to address the problem, spending large amounts of money to do so, and having a good rate of recycling, fly-tipping continues.