Friend is a great champion for his local area.
He is absolutely right; we are working with a range of local partners and people to put nature at the heart of what we do.
I cannot commend Harrow council and the Hatch End Association enough for their work—they are putting in an apple orchard, wetlands and wildflower meadows, which are a superb addition to his already beautiful constituency.
Environmentalists such as those at Chester zoo were shocked to see that the Government have ignored the advice of their own experts and authorised the use of neonicotinoid pesticides for the fourth year in a row.
Will the Minister tell me how that is line with our national and international obligations to reduce the overall risk from pesticides, and how it reduces our biodiversity loss?
The hon.
Lady will know from reading the details of the derogation that those pesticides will be used only if they hit the criterion; in many cases, they never do.
What assessment he has made of the adequacy of Environment Agency funding levels in the context of recent storms.
The Environment Agency’s budget this year is £1.96 billion, so around £2 billion, which is an increase of more than £700 million since 2015.
We closely monitor the quantum and how we ensure we get value for money.
Following the 2014 flooding, the current Foreign Secretary—the then Prime Minister—stated that money was no object as he agreed a £100 million plan to protect the Somerset levels.
Ten years on, we are experiencing devastating floods with increased regularity.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking to protect homes in Somerset from flooding and to ensure that floodwater is efficiently and effectively pumped away from farmland?
The hon.
Lady raises an extremely important point.
Flooding is devastating to homeowners, businesses and farmers.
That is why in her part of the country we set up the Somerset Rivers Authority partnership and secured an extra £80 million of targeted  funding for Somerset.
That targeted action is enabling the area to be more resilient, but there is further work to do.
Severe winter storms drive many seabirds inland, and most leave after a few days, but not cormorants.
The number of cormorants roosting permanently inland has risen from 4,000 30 years ago to about 65,000 now.
They are having a huge impact on freshwater silver fish.
Will the Secretary of State meet me and representatives of the Angling Trust, an organisation I used to chair, and other interested parties to discuss this issue?
It is always a pleasure to meet my hon.
Friend.
He mentioned the important issue of seabirds.
He will have noticed yesterday’s announcement of two major positive steps.
The No.
1 issue of the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds for the last 25 years has been tightening up the overfishing of sand eels.
We are closing English waters to sand eel fishing, which is hugely important to seabirds, particularly the puffin.
Secondly, we announced 13 marine designated areas—to put that into context, that is an area equivalent to the size of Suffolk.
It is a huge step forward in protecting seabirds, on which the UK has a leading position globally.
Hopefully Emma Hardy will get us back on track.
I call the shadow Minister.
I recently met with farmer Henry Ward, who showed me the extensive and damaging flooding right across his farmland caused by two breaches in the river after a storm.
The Environment Agency is unable to tell him when it will have the resources to repair those breaches.
This means that Henry not only lost all the crop that was flooded, but will be unable to plant a new crop in spring.
He is not the only farmer to be impacted.
When will the Government realise that their failure to be decisive and get ahead of the problem of weak defences is costing farmers their livelihoods and—
Order.