The Secretary of State was asked—
Whether he is taking steps to improve animal welfare standards applicable to food imports and exports.
We are committed to maintaining high animal welfare and food standards.
Since leaving the EU, we have put in place strong controls on imports, and we are using Brexit freedoms to strengthen animal welfare standards even further by banning the export of live animals for slaughter. [
Interruption.]
Order.
Can I say to  the hon.
Member for East Londonderry (Mr Campbell)  that we are in the middle of a question, and he has just walked right in front of the Member asking it?
Yesterday, the UK Government implemented a border target operating model in which a veterinarian must provide a health certificate for meat imports from the EU.
Meanwhile, the UK-Australia free trade agreement, which came into effect six months ago, is likely to lead to increased imports of low-cost products produced in Australia using pesticides that are not permitted in the UK and in the absence of veterinary checks.
According to the Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, Australia has lower welfare standards in many sectors, such as eggs, pigmeat production and chicken.
Does the Secretary of State accept that this asymmetry on standards of animal welfare is incoherent and poses a significant risk of contaminating the food chain with banned pesticides?
The hon.
Gentleman is mixing up two issues.
He mentioned Australia, and specifically eggs.
If he actually looked at the agreement with Australia, he would see that eggs are excluded, as are pork and poultry.
He is mixing that up with the issue of food standards for imports from Europe.
Of course, if we did what his party would advocate and were still in the EU, there would be no checks at all.
This week, Ian Perks, a constituent of mine, had his entire shipment seized in France by over-zealous French officials because he missed out a single word on the export health certificate.
Can the Secretary of State please reassure me that we will find arbitration methods to speed up the process of challenging these completely ridiculous situations?
I know my hon.
Friend champions very strongly the farming and food sector in his constituency, and that he has raised this issue with my right hon.
Friend the Minister for Food, Farming and Fisheries, who is actively engaged on it.
Of course, a proportionate approach should always be taken on these issues.
Whether his Department is taking steps to help ensure profits in the food sector are fairly distributed.
Powers in the Agriculture Act 2020 allow us to introduce statutory codes of practice to improve market transparency and ensure fairness in the supply chain.
We will use these powers whenever we find clear evidence of unfair practices, so that all farmers get a fair price for their products.
When will the Minister wake up to the fact that, since Brexit, food prices have rocketed?
My constituents cannot afford to buy staple foods.
Is it not the truth that farmers are struggling?
They are getting almost nothing for their milk, their potatoes and the ordinary things that men and women buy in this country.
Where is the money from these higher prices going, because it is not to the farmers?
I can tell the hon.
Gentleman where the higher prices are: they are in France and Germany.
If we look at the value of a basket of goods, we see that in the UK they are lower than they are in the European Union.
If we had followed his model or his advice, we would still be in the EU.
Our retailers, our farmers and our processors are working together, and we want to see fairness in the supply chain.
We want fairness for the consumer, and also for the farmer, the retailer and the processor.