We all see the risks, in terms of the harm and the attacks that the House has been united in addressing.
I am happy to look at any specific constituency case that the hon.
Gentleman raises, but the clear message is that people need to register as quickly as possible.
What steps he is taking to support farmers through the environmental land management schemes.
This year, we are increasing payment rates under environmental land management schemes, through a 10% average uplift, and we are adding about 50 new actions, so that farmers can access the most comprehensive offer yet.
The sustainable farming incentive and countryside stewardship mid-tier application process will be streamlined, making it easier for schemes to slot into farm businesses.
I thank my right hon.
Friend the Farming Minister for meeting my farmers in Wasdale last year.
I am sure that sure the journey through the English Lake district was inspiration to provide those payments for stone walls.
I have continued that conversation in a succession of farming policy information suppers.
There is a keen desire among farmers to take advantage of ELMs; what they are overwhelmingly asking for, though, is clarity about what to go for and when to go for it to achieve the most successful, sustainable and profitable farm business.
My hon.
Friend is truly privileged to represent such a beautiful part of England.
We are collaborating with stakeholders to ensure that our schemes work for them.
We regularly communicate with them through the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affair’s farming blog, by meeting them at trade shows, through ministerial visits, and through stakeholder organisations such as the National Farmers Union, the Country Land and Business Association and the Tenant Farmers Association.
We are also providing free business support to farmers and land managers in England through the future farming resilience fund.
Grants and schemes for farmers are published through our single funding page.
I call the shadow Minister.
Last week’s report from the Government’s environmental watchdog, the Office for Environmental Protection, was a damning indictment of the Government’s record.
It said they were “largely off track”, with just four of the 40 targets being achieved.
When it comes to the environmental land management schemes, can the Minister tell the House just how much environmental improvement they have helped farmers to deliver so far?
I think that two months into a 25-year plan is probably too soon to judge that plan.
We are making huge strides with our stakeholders and farmers, who are working up and down the country to improve the environment.
They have spent generations creating that environment.
We should celebrate what they have achieved, and we should encourage them to do more.
That is what the sustainable farming incentive is designed to do, and what the scheme is delivering.
The Minister doesn’t know, does he?
The Government are spending large amounts of public money, but they did not set up a system to measure it.
The new Secretary of State is generally on the money, so I am sure he has asked this question: what we are getting for the money?
Let me try a simpler version of the question.
With ELMs so far, has there been environmental improvement or environmental degradation, or is it simply “Don’t know”?
These things are actually quite easy to see and to measure.
If we look at the hedgerows planted in England in the last decade, we see that thousands of kilometres of hedgerow have been planted.
Large areas are being dedicated to biodiversity and creating food for wild bird populations.
That is what the SFI is delivering; it is there to see.
All the hon.
Member needs to do is get out of Cambridgeshire and look at some of those farms.
Whether he has had recent discussions with horticultural businesses on the operation of the Windsor framework.
DEFRA officials met Kings Seeds on  19 January .