Member needs to do is get out of Cambridgeshire and look at some of those farms.
Whether he has had recent discussions with horticultural businesses on the operation of the Windsor framework.
DEFRA officials met Kings Seeds on  19 January .
The Department regularly meets a range of businesses,  including through the working group established with the Horticultural Trades Association, which met most recently on  18 January .
The Minister will know that Kings Seeds is what is known as a well established local business, having been based in Kelvedon since 1888.
It trades in horticultural seeds and is known for its sweet peas, but as he will be aware, it cannot send its products to Northern Ireland, which it says is because of barriers related to the Windsor framework.
Will he clarify whether the announcements made earlier this week—we will discuss the statutory instruments relating to them later today—will resolve the issue?
If not, will he work with me and teams across Government to ensure that we deal with the issue?
Perhaps he would like to come to Kelvedon to meet the company.
As I said, DEFRA officials met Kings Seeds on  19 January .
I am more than happy to meet my right hon.
Friend and the company to discuss its concerns and see how we can support it in all its excellent work in her constituency.
We appreciate the concerns of Kings Seeds.
We are inviting it to the new horticulture working group announced in yesterday’s Command Paper, along with industry representatives.
The Government will ask the group to address the movement of seeds to consumers in Northern Ireland as a priority.
I look forward to hearing its recommendations.
I apologise for my earlier misdemeanour, Mr Speaker.
Now that we have significant progress towards the restoration of devolution, will the Minister agree to work with DUP Members and his ministerial colleagues to ensure that issues such as the horticultural one continue to be resolved, so that we have maximum efficiency across the North channel?
I am delighted to work with the hon.
Gentleman.
We have a track record of working with our DUP friends to solve the challenges that we face.
That conversation can continue, and I look forward to working with him to continue to solve those challenges.
What steps his Department is taking to help reverse biodiversity loss.
This Government have created a whole framework for restoring nature through our legally binding Environment Act 2021 targets, which include our world-leading commitment to halt the decline of species by 2030.
We are accelerating action towards that through our environmental improvement plan.
It is a shame I was not asked about this by the shadow Minister, but we have restored an area of wildlife habitats the size of Dorset, we have a network of marine protected areas, 5 million trees were planted last year, we have 55-plus landscape—
Order.
It was  the hon.
Member for Ruislip, Northwood and Pinner (David Simmonds)  who asked the question.
Let’s not have a personal battle across the Chamber.
Ruislip, Northwood and Pinner is home to many incredibly important sites for biodiversity, as are many of our London suburbs.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that the new Riverside park delivered by Harrow council in partnership with the Hatch End Association is a good example of projects that support biodiversity in our suburbs?
My hon.
Friend is a great champion for his local area.
He is absolutely right; we are working with a range of local partners and people to put nature at the heart of what we do.
I cannot commend Harrow council and the Hatch End Association enough for their work—they are putting in an apple orchard, wetlands and wildflower meadows, which are a superb addition to his already beautiful constituency.