I hope that they will all be home soon.
I also thank the hon.
Lady for her remarks about my hon.
Friend  the Member for Finchley and Golders Green (Mike Freer) , who has said that he is going to stand down because of his safety and the wellbeing of his family.
Such attacks on elected Members are attacks on democracy itself.
I know that many hon.
and right hon.
Members and their families are enduring such  threats.
We condemn such actions and those who encourage, incite and excuse them.
I thank the hon.
Lady for her cross- party support on that matter.
I join the hon.
Lady in paying tribute to Alison, who was “banged out” of the newsroom.
I also thank her colleagues who posted that on social media.
I think it sends a very positive message for women in particular who want to work in that sector.
The hon.
Lady asks about the Procedure Committee, and I again thank the Committee for its report on holding to account the Foreign Secretary on a range of issues.
She will know that the recommendations in part rely on the consent of their noble Lords, and I am keen to hear the views of their Procedure Committee on some of the recommendations that our Procedure Committee has made.
Since the Foreign Secretary was appointed, there have been 41 sitting days, and in that time Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office Ministers, including the Foreign Secretary, have made 71 appearances in Parliament, responding to parliamentary questions and in Select Committees.
On Gaza, the hon.
Lady raised some serious issues.
She will know—the Minister for Armed Forces was just at the Dispatch Box—that the Government take compliance with international humanitarian law extremely seriously.
We monitor that with our partners.
She will know that, as we can see from previous conflicts, the Israel Defence Forces also produces reports after the event.
All of that is subject to a great deal of scrutiny, but I will certainly ensure that the Foreign Secretary has heard her concerns.
The hon.
Lady talked about the Home Secretary.
She will know—indeed, many Opposition Members have acknowledged—that the plan for ending small boat crossings and ensuring that we are speeding up processing in the Home Office is working.
I think the latest figures show that the Home Secretary has sped up processing in his Department by 250%.
She will know that crossings are down by substantial amounts—I think now just shy of 40%—and returns are up, which is all to be welcomed.
That has been helped in great part by the new legislation that the Government have introduced.
I am sorry that right hon.
and hon.
Members on the Opposition Benches have not been able to support that.
That brings me to the final topic that the hon.
Lady raised.
I will make the case that we are faithfuls on the Government side.
We have been faithfuls in our obligations to the British public in strengthening our borders.
We have brought forward legislation which the Opposition have voted against—over 70 times on one recent Bill.
We have been faithful to the British public in our promises.
We have been faithful to them in delivering on their decision to leave the EU, for which we had a landmark anniversary this week.
Whatever way people voted in that referendum, we stuck with that democratic result—we did not try to reverse it or campaign for a second referendum—and what the British people want to know is that we are on the right trajectory now.
Since we left the EU, we have grown faster than many nations, including Germany, Italy and Japan.
Our export services are up at a record high.
For goods and services, we are rising through the global rankings—we are up a place since last year.
We have overtaken France on manufacturing, and we have simplified tariffs on thousands of goods and removed hundreds of trade barriers.