The Bill to which the hon.
Gentleman refers is currently in the other place, and will, I am sure, be discussed very fully there.
Just this week, we heard media reports that four Rwandans had been granted refugee status in the UK in the past four months, citing well- founded fears of persecution.
At the same time, the Government would like us to accept that Rwanda is a safe country, despite the Home Office accepting that those individuals face a real threat of persecution.
Can the Attorney General tell us how we can send asylum seekers to Rwanda under those circumstances?
We are asking Parliament to look at the matter afresh—not just to look at the facts as they were before the Supreme Court, but to look at new circumstances.
Evidence was published on  11 January  to assist Parliament in those deliberations.
We have assurances from the Government of Rwanda that the implementation of all measures within the treaty will be expedited, and we will ratify the treaty when we are ready to do so.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
Journalists and bloggers who criticise the Government are arrested, threatened and put on trial, with allegations of torture, disappearances and suspicious deaths.
Those are just some of the issues that Human Rights Watch and Amnesty have reported on in Rwanda.
When asking Parliament to disregard established legal principles such as the burden of proof and the need for evidence, is the Attorney General genuinely comfortable in passing the Rwanda Bill?
It is constitutionally proper for Parliament to legislate in response to a decision of the Supreme Court.
We do it all the time in the finance and tax space.
Lord Reed was careful to point out to the Constitution Committee in the other House that we did it following the Burmah oil case in the War Damage Act 1965.
In this case, I urge the hon.
Lady to look hard at the evidence that the Government put before the House on  11 January .
If the Bill passes, everyone must treat Rwanda as generally safe for the transfer of individuals under the treaty.
What steps she is taking to help increase prosecution rates for cases relating to violence against women and girls.
What steps she is taking to help increase prosecution rates for cases relating to violence against women and girls.
We are steadily increasing the number of rape cases sent to the Crown court.
We are preparing to launch a joint justice plan, which will transform how the police and the Crown Prosecution Service investigate and prosecute domestic abuse cases.
I will welcome my friend Andriy Kostin, the Ukrainian Prosecutor General, who is not quite here yet because his plane has not arrived, in my office after questions.
The relevance of that is that a team of UK experts is supporting his office to investigate and prosecute cases of conflict-related sexual violence in Ukraine.
Last July, the then Solicitor General,  the hon.
and learned Member for Mid Dorset and North Poole (Michael Tomlinson) , told the House, in a written answer to  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon) :
“A new VAWG strategy for 2023-2025 is being developed for publication later this year.”
That year has come and gone, as has that Solicitor General, so can the Attorney General tell us the status of the strategy and its content, who the Government are consulting, and when it will be published?
The hon.
Lady takes a long-term interest in these affairs, and she I have discussed them for many years.
I reassure her that a great deal of work has been done.
The work in the rape sphere, which I referenced earlier, is very commendable.
After having a really difficult time in prosecuting rapes for many years, we are back up to 2016 levels, and indeed are exceeding them.