What I can say to my hon.
Friend is that once we have carried out that initial review of the robustness of the decisions that were taken, we will notify people if their case is up for review and additional information might be required.
While I will set out the detail of that process in the “Dear colleague” letter that will follow, my expectation is that we will also reach out at that point to any colleague in the House who has advocated for that case, so that they are aware that it is up for review and can similarly put forward whatever evidence they have.
I am grateful to the Minister for meeting with me recently to discuss this matter, but given the unique nature of the relationship between UK forces and the Triples, and given the commitments that have been made previously, it is beyond bewildering that we have not got to this point sooner.
The Minister spoke about instances of inconsistent application of ARAP criteria in certain cases, and has said that he takes responsibility for that, but can he give an assurance today that he will work at pace to put it right, and what does he think it will mean for our international reputation?
Will people trust us in the future?
I am grateful for the constructive engagement that the hon.
Gentleman has had with the Department ever since the evacuation from Kabul.
Our meeting the other day was most instructive, and much of what he said caused us to reflect in the way that we have done.
He should take much credit for that.
We are working at pace—the hon.
Gentleman has my assurance that we will continue to do so, but we have been doing so all along.
This is an incredibly difficult process that is consuming ever larger amounts of horsepower within the Department, and rightly so, because we owe these people a debt.
However, as has come up previously at Defence questions, we must be careful not to set the expectation among our partner forces that everywhere that the UK armed forces operate, now and in the future, there will be an immigration angle to such partnering.
I accept that there is reputational damage to the MOD and that has an effect on my reputation, too—that is right; that is ministerial accountability—but I push back gently against the idea that it will have an impact on the willingness of partner forces to work with us.
I do not think it is helpful if partner forces think the reward for working with us is a visa: that does not work at all.
I appreciate the Minister’s comments and his commitments today, but it is more than two years since the chaos of the collapse of the operation in Afghanistan and this surely has come much too late.
There are still many people—not just the Triples, but interpreters and people who worked  alongside the forces—trapped in countries that are hostile and threatening them with transportation back to Afghanistan.
Can he commit today to ensuring, with some urgency, that all cases are looked at quickly and speedily, and that we get as many people to safety as possible?
The cases are being looked at urgently.
In the wider ARAP cohort that the hon.
Member described, that process has been much easier.
Some time ago, I directed the excellent officials who work on this, instead of working through the pile of applications, to go to the employment records we hold for interpreters and other locally employed civilians, and to focus on finding them in the pile of applications rather than going through all the applications that may be spurious or less credible.