Our export services are up at a record high.
For goods and services, we are rising through the global rankings—we are up a place since last year.
We have overtaken France on manufacturing, and we have simplified tariffs on thousands of goods and removed hundreds of trade barriers.
We have been through tough times, but whether it is our plans to level up communities such as Teesside, which Labour Members seem to be objecting to, or maximising our new-found freedoms to control our destiny and our borders, or opening up more opportunities for the wealth of talent and creativity of our citizens, our plan for Britain is working.
Britain is on the right course.
We have been faithful to our promises to the British people.
Labour has not, and it would turn us back on the EU, union reform, tax hikes and much more.
Further business will be announced in the usual way.
I call Wendy Morton.
Best wishes on your birthday, Madam Deputy Speaker.
Last week was Neighbourhood Policing Week.
I was able to join the local Aldridge and Brownhills neighbourhood teams out in the community.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in thanking our local teams for all they do?
Does she agree that central to neighbourhood policing is neighbourhood policing hubs?
That is why I continue to campaign against the proposed closure of Aldridge police station—and with only a few months left of the west midlands police and crime commissioner role, there should be a moratorium on any closure.
I congratulate my right hon.
Friend on getting her concerns on the record.
Since 2010, our communities have become safer on roughly the same resources.
Taking out online fraud, we have, in effect, halved crime: violent crime is down 51%; neighbourhood crime, including robbery and theft, is down 48%.
I shall ensure that the Home Secretary has heard what she has said.
I call the Scottish National party spokesperson.
Meal do naidheachd, Madam Deputy Speaker.
We saw a softer side to the Leader of the House last week. “
The Prime Minister is a great dad”, she loyally read out from No.
10’s script. “
He gives a lot to charity”, she whispered.
Then, right on cue, normal service resumed and she was thundering fury at the Scots for not voting Tory.
She asked me a question that got quite a response in Scotland: “Why do you think us Tory ‘rotters’”—her word, not mine—“are so desperate to keep Scotland in the Union?”
Why, indeed?
It is generally though that Conservatives act in their own self-interest.
Anyway, Scots have been totting up all the great things about being in the UK: the gift of Brexit making us poorer faster than even the worst forecasts predicted; 14 years of grinding, endless austerity; and a crippling debt burden of more than 100% of GDP, just for starters.
However, the Leader of the House is not alone in her desperation to keep Scotland lashed tight to Westminster.
She will remember seeing a secret document presented to the Cabinet in July 2020 by her colleague the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities.
The existence of that document was revealed at the covid inquiry this week.
Finalised at the height of the  pandemic, it was entitled “The State of the Union” and was a blatant attempt by her Government to politicise the pandemic and undermine the Scottish Government when trust in Government messaging was crucial.
It asked the Cabinet to endorse some sort of strategy, most details of which sadly are missing from the inquiry’s version.
It required polling, research and data analysis, all at a time when Scotland’s First Minister and Government were focused on and doing their damnedest to protect the people of Scotland.
No.
10 was slithering from one scandal to another.