I call Jim Shannon.
I think happy birthday is in order, Madam Deputy Speaker.
If you are like me, you do not count the years, you just make the years count.
I thank the Minister for his very positive answers.
I ask this question simply because I met a gentleman in Pakistan about 12 months ago on this issue.
He worked for the British Army alongside those in the special forces, so it is wonderful news that special forces in Afghanistan will have their applications reviewed.
I wholly welcome that but want yet again to highlight the need to do the right thing by others as well as those who put their lives on the line in Afghanistan as part of the rebuilding effort and who have found themselves hiding away, out of sight—in Pakistan, for example—because they are not yet safe.
I ask the Minister for consideration to be given to reviews of applications for interpreters and those who provided sustained assistance to our forces and who live life in darkness and in fear.
As I said in response to earlier questions, the interpreters and those who worked alongside us in a supporting function are much easier to find within the pilot applications, because we have the employment records and are therefore able to confirm their service easily.
If the hon.
Gentleman would like to write to me about the specific cases raised with him, I will endeavour to get him answers as quickly as I can.
11.1 am
To ask the Leader of the House if she will give us the forthcoming business.
The business for the week commencing  5 February  will include:
Monday 5 February —Remaining stages of the Finance Bill.
Tuesday 6 February —Opposition day (4th allotted day).
Debate on a motion in the name of the official Opposition, subject to be announced.
Wednesday 7 February —Motions related to the police grant and local government finance reports.
Thursday 8 February —General debate on National HIV Testing Week, followed by a general debate on the management culture of the Post Office.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
The House will rise for the February recess at the conclusion of business on  Thursday 8 February  and return on  Monday 19 February .
May I wish you a very happy birthday as well, Madam Deputy Speaker?
I start by expressing our profound regret that  the hon.
Member for Finchley and Golders Green (Mike Freer)  has decided to step down due to fears for his safety and that of his family.
The recent attack on his office was horrific.
That any Member is forced from office due to intimidation, threats and fear is an attack on all of us and what we represent.
It is unacceptable and we must do more to protect our freedoms and democracy.
We stand together.
Yesterday, Alison Phillips was “banged out” of the newsroom in her last day as editor of the Daily Mirror.
Alison broke the mould for female journalists, and she led a number of campaigns that had a direct effect on this place.
She leaves a proud legacy.
Last week I asked the Leader of the House about the Procedure Committee report on scrutiny of Lords Secretaries of State.
Has she now digested it, and when will she bring forward a motion to make it happen?
I will chalk it up as a victory that, after many weeks of asking, Foreign Office Ministers finally came forward with a statement this week on the ongoing conflict in Gaza and Israel.
Will the Leader of the House ensure that that happens more often, with the Foreign Secretary himself taking questions?
The situation demands it.
The International Court of Justice interim ruling was deeply significant and makes for difficult reading.
We are clear that Israel must comply with the orders in the ruling in full, and that Hamas must release all the hostages immediately.