The situation demands it.
The International Court of Justice interim ruling was deeply significant and makes for difficult reading.
We are clear that Israel must comply with the orders in the ruling in full, and that Hamas must release all the hostages immediately.
International law must be upheld and the independence of international courts respected, with all sides held accountable for their actions.
Twenty-five thousand innocent people are dead, including thousands of women and children, and 85% of the population of Gaza have been displaced and millions face the risk of famine.
We cannot let innocent Palestinians pay the price.
We must redouble our efforts for a sustainable ceasefire and a political process for a two-state solution.
On that, I welcome the Foreign Secretary’s willingness to recognise the state of Palestine, which is a policy we have long supported.
We hear this morning that Secretary of State Blinken is moving the US in that direction, too.
As the Leader of the Opposition said, it is an
“inalienable right of the Palestinian people”.
Can the Leader of the House clarify, as there is some confusion, the Government’s policy on the recognition of Palestine?
Talking of Secretaries of State being accountable, perhaps the Leader of the House can clear up some of the creative use of language by the Home Secretary in his appearance before the Home Affairs Committee yesterday.
Apparently, we no longer have a backlog of asylum claims; it is just “a queue” of 94,000 applicants—some queue, but definitely not a backlog.
The 33,000 asylum seekers who have gone missing apparently are not missing, but have simply “disengaged”.
Does the Leader of the House recognise that the Government have lost control of the asylum system and that smoke and mirrors cannot hide the truth?
The Business Secretary was not exactly forthcoming with the truth this week either.
On Monday, she told this House that negotiations with Canada to save British car imports were “ongoing”, but now we learn that she walked out of those discussions and the entire issue is on pause.
Does the Leader of the House want to take this opportunity to correct the record?
Finally, I cannot let business questions go by without referring to the Leader of the House’s rather bizarre, unprompted, over the top, glowing tribute to the Prime Minister in last week’s business questions.
I feel the lady does protest too much.
It was as if she was at “The Traitors” roundtable, desperately wanting everyone to believe she really is a faithful.
It seems that the traitors sit among them still, secretly planning their next kill.
The evil plotters are trying to avoid banishment so they can win the prize.
Can she reveal herself today, because we all want to know?
Perhaps some of her colleagues can, too, or perhaps they should do us all a favour, cut straight to the endgame and let the public decide.
Quite honestly, much as I love “The Traitors”, this is not a TV show, and their antics have real-life consequences.
As much as we are all sick of watching it, unfortunately, there is no off-switch.
From the Government Benches, I say happy birthday to you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
This week I met Ashley, the cousin of 19-year-old hostage Agam Berger.
She is the girl that many Members will have seen in video footage, playing her violin in happier times.
She volunteered with special educational needs children, and was actively involved in working towards a peaceful solution in her region.
I thank the shadow Leader of the House for her remarks about the hostages and all Members who are working hard to keep the spotlight on these people and their families.
I hope that they will all be home soon.
I also thank the hon.
Lady for her remarks about my hon.