The Triples Afghan special forces, trained and funded by the UK, are some of the top targets for Taliban reprisals.
Around 200 Triples face imminent deportation from Pakistan to Afghanistan, and at least six members of the Triples are reported to have been murdered by the Taliban since the withdrawal from Kabul.
Ministers have allowed media speculation to build for almost a week before setting out to Parliament today the Government’s plan to U-turn and look again at the applications.
The Minister highlighted inconsistencies in processing the applications—failures, flaws.
How was that allowed to happen on his watch?
How long will the reviews take, and what new information will be factored in?
Tragically, today’s decision could be too late for many.
Does the Minister know how many of the Triples who were wrongly denied support have already been deported to Afghanistan, tortured or killed?
What conversations has he had with Pakistan to halt deportations of those who could now be granted sanctuary?
There is no time to waste.
The least the Triples deserve is clarity over ARAP policy, but for months a public spat has played out between the Minister for Veterans’ Affairs and the Minister for Armed Forces.
We should all remember that the people who matter here are those Afghans who have been left in limbo, fearing for their lives and their futures.
That is why clarity matters.
Britain’s moral duty to assist Afghans is felt most fiercely by those in the UK forces who served alongside them, many of whom sit on both sides of the House.
British personnel who have offered references to former Triples say that they were never even contacted by the Ministry of Defence.
Many of their ARAP applications were denied.
Will such basic errors happen again, or will that be reviewed properly?
The British public do not understand why Afghan special forces personnel who served and fought alongside our troops and who are eligible for safety have not yet received sanctuary here.
Will the Minister now sort this out?
I know that the hon.
Gentleman, who has been advocating for some cases and is as passionate about the matter as anybody, will feel aggrieved, as will many colleagues around the House.
The responsibility of any Minister is to own any failure of process that happens in their Department, and I accept that responsibility.
The reality is that these are very difficult decisions to make.
The hon.
Gentleman said that the Triples were funded by the UK Government.
That is not entirely accurate; they were funded as a donor alongside many other donors, into the Government of Afghanistan, who funded the units.
As he will well know from colleagues on his own Benches who commanded units that worked closely with the Triples, top-up payments were made in order to generate loyalty and, frankly, to avoid the Triples being poached by other coalition partners, which had similar forces of their own.
The records of those top-up payments were very ad hoc.
I take my responsibilities for accuracy to the House seriously, and I can tell the hon.
Gentleman in all seriousness that we have looked for employment records and none of those ad hoc records of additional payments is available to us.
We have spoken to colleagues who have experience of these matters in the House and  beyond, to ask for any records that they have, but even then a lot of the records produced are those that are put together by charities advocating for the Triples, rather than contemporary records of those top-up payments.
The reality is that whatever the challenges have been, some decisions were made in an inconsistent way.
That is why they must be reviewed.
We will aim to get the review done as quickly as possible—we anticipate that it will take around 12 weeks.
Before that, we need to put in place the people who will do the review, who will be independent of everything that has gone before.