We have also provided international leadership by putting nature at the heart of tackling climate change at COP26, which was strongly reflected at COP28.
The Select Committee has been consistently holding water companies and regulators to account for the inexcusable levels of sewage being illegally dumped in our precious waterways, but more can be done.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that given our plan for water, our record levels of investment in monitoring and improving water quality, and the unlimited fines imposed on water companies, while the Opposition parties have no affordable plan and just throw muck from the sidelines, it is this Government who are actually getting on with and dealing with the issue?
My hon.
Friend is right in saying that we have a plan and that a great deal has been done.
He is also right that more can be done, and I reassure the House that I am entirely committed to doing it.
We will hold the water companies to account—that is my absolute intention.
Springwater park in my constituency suffers from regular flooding during storms, which causes landslip and movement approaching the highway.
Unfortunately, it falls outside established funding pots from schemes such as Bellwin, so we keep being bounced between the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities and DEFRA.
Will the Minister meet me, along with representatives of Bury Council, to see what we can do to address the problem?
The Government are investing in ongoing projects in the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency, including the Radcliffe and Redvales flood risk management scheme, and we are doubling our investment in flood alleviation schemes from £2.6 billion to £5.2 billion over the next six-year funding round.
However, I am of course happy to meet him.
My constituency is home to many international food and drink manufacturers, including General Mills and Coca-Cola, both of which are seeking to expand their operations here in the UK.
Will my right hon.
Friend update the House on the work being done to help such manufacturers to expand and grow for the benefit of our local and national economies?
We have regular meetings with the food and drink sector to ensure that we are in tune with its concerns and aspirations.
Those discussions will continue, and we will continue to support great businesses such as Coca-Cola in my hon.
Friend’s constituency, support British jobs and generate benefit for the UK economy.
Towns and villages such as Maulden and Shefford in my constituency have seen their flood risk profile change dramatically over the years, partly owing to housing  growth.
How will the Minister ensure that funding for the Environment Agency and internal drainage boards adequately reflects the way in which that risk has evolved?
Improving our flood alleviation schemes and our flood resilience is incredibly important, which is why the Government are recognising the amount of investment we need to put into it.
We are doubling that investment from £2.6 billion to £5.2 billion over the next six-year period.
The sorts of schemes we are helping will assist projects across the country to deal with those problems.
Does my right hon.
Friend recognise that drift net fishing for bass is more sustainable, targeted and efficient than fishing with set nets?
Will he reconsider the ban, which was introduced as a temporary measure, in order to allow those with an existing bass entitlement to undertake drift net fishing?
Bass stocks are still recovering from poor spawning periods and overfishing.
The bass fisheries management plan commits to review existing commercial access, including gear types such as drift nets, which pose a higher risk to sensitive species and bass fishes.
A careful balance must be struck between increasing fishing opportunities and protecting vulnerable bass stocks, but I assure my right hon.
Friend that these matters will remain open.
Since April last year, thousands of homes in my constituency have suffered from a fly infestation assumed to originate from a recycling plant.