Among a number of positive outcomes has been £105 million being returned to victims.
I thank the Solicitor General for providing detail about what is happening, but, since the pandemic, fraud has cost the public purse more than £21 billion, much of that related to the Government’s own schemes.
Public resentment is understandable, because, at the same time, prosecution for fraud and money laundering has gone down by more than 50% since 2010.
Does the Solicitor General agree that the time has come for more action and that we should seriously consider an economic crime fighting fund to reinvest seized assets and profits into improving law enforcement against fraud?
The hon.
Lady is right that this is matter of huge public concern, and understandably so.
The Government worked very hard during the pandemic to ensure that support was provided, but clearly where people have taken advantage of a system, that must be pursued.
That is why we are looking at the fraud strategy, for example, and the economic crime plan part 2.
We will continue to drive forward to see what further action can be taken.
Every day, older and vulnerable people are preyed upon by fraudsters and scammers, be it online, by phone or on the doorstep.
Will my hon.
Friend reassure my constituents and the country that the Conservative Government, the police and the criminal justice system will do all they can to bring those immoral criminals to justice?
Yes, I can.
My hon.
Friend is right to draw attention to this, as people being taken advantage of is one of the great issues of our age.
It happens to members of society of all kinds, but particularly to those who are elderly and vulnerable.
Work continues on a number of sector charters, which have been successful in bringing forward positive outcomes.
For example, 870 million scam texts have been blocked.
We have taken forward work on the Online Safety Act 2023, as well as the charters I referred to, but I assure my hon.
Friend we will continue to see what more can be done.
I call the shadow Minister.
It is two years since the former anti-fraud Minister, Lord Agnew, resigned in embarrassment over the Government’s oversight of covid business loan schemes, describing it as “nothing less than woeful”.
Can the Solicitor General tell us, in the past two years, how much of the missing billions, seemingly written off by the Prime Minister as Chancellor, has been recovered and what the Government are doing now to chase down the covid crooks?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to draw attention to this.
The public quite rightly expect the money that the Government advanced in good faith to help those who were challenged during the pandemic not to be the victim of fraudulent activity.
Intelligence sharing goes on between the Serious Fraud Office, which, as he knows, prosecutes the most serious cases,  and the Crown Prosecution Service, which has already charged a number of individuals.
We will continue to do that both from our perspective and with the law enforcement agencies to make sure that the crooks to whom he refers are pursued.
What recent assessment she has made of the compatibility of the Safety of Rwanda (Asylum and Immigration) Bill with the European convention on human rights.
I would like to assure the House that the Government respect their international obligations.
The Law Officers convention prevents me from disclosing outside Government whether I have given advice or even what the context of any such advice might be.
The Bill to which the hon.
Gentleman refers is currently in the other place, and will, I am sure, be discussed very fully there.
Just this week, we heard media reports that four Rwandans had been granted refugee status in the UK in the past four months, citing well- founded fears of persecution.