In the wider ARAP cohort that the hon.
Member described, that process has been much easier.
Some time ago, I directed the excellent officials who work on this, instead of working through the pile of applications, to go to the employment records we hold for interpreters and other locally employed civilians, and to focus on finding them in the pile of applications rather than going through all the applications that may be spurious or less credible.
We will do so as quickly as we can, but it takes time, and even once eligibility decisions have been taken, if people are undocumented, and many of the ARAP cohort are, it is incredibly challenging to get them out of Afghanistan and into a safe country, and that limits our rate of flow enormously.
On those in other third countries, we do all that we can through the excellent staff in our embassies and high commissions to facilitate their movement out of those countries.
However, there are some countries with whom we have quite challenging diplomatic relationships, particularly at the moment, and that makes it particularly difficult.
That does not mean that we do not keep trying, and I am very grateful to our ambassadors and high commissioners for their efforts, but, fundamentally, we cannot tell sovereign countries what to do.
Back in September, the Minister for Veterans’ Affairs told this House that about 1,000 Afghans were accessing homelessness support, and that was after the Government had evicted 8,000 Afghans, including ARAP personnel, from UK hotels.
Could the Minister confirm that there are still 1,000 Afghans accessing homelessness support?
I will need to write to the hon.
Member on that.
Due to the high number of former Afghani soldiers whose lives are at risk as long as they remain in Afghanistan, what conversations has the Minister had with Cabinet colleagues on the possibility of additional safe routes to the United Kingdom?
These things are discussed regularly, as the hon.
Gentleman would imagine.
There is an additional route to the United Kingdom in the Afghan citizens resettlement scheme.
Indeed, our ARAP and ACRS offer covers all Afghan citizens who served alongside our armed forces or worked alongside our diplomatic missions—or who were simply prominent in Afghan Government and society, and for whom we therefore feel that relocation is necessary for their protection—up to a point.
ARAP and ACRS are matched, not quite in their generosity but in their scope, by schemes in many other countries that were a part of the NATO force in Afghanistan and/or the wider donor community for Afghanistan, so the opportunities for people to leave Afghanistan and resettle elsewhere are enormous.
We should be proud of the UK schemes, which, today’s announcement  notwithstanding, are incredibly generous.
We are moving at the best pace we can to move people out of a country where that is very difficult.
I think  the right hon.
Member for Haltemprice and Howden (Sir David Davis)  could not have put it better when he talked about the debt of honour we owe all those who served with our armed forces in Afghanistan.
I am sure that Members on all sides of the House will be appalled at the fact that, years later, the situation is still not completely resolved.
The Minister rightly highlighted the challenges posed by lack of documentation in some cases, but given that, for those individuals, obtaining documentation will often mean applying to a Taliban-controlled passport office, will the Minister say how the Government are ensuring that those affected have a route to get the necessary documentation in a safe and efficient manner?
No, I am not going to share that detail with the House, because it is in absolutely nobody’s interests for the Taliban to know how we are doing that.
I call Jim Shannon.
I think happy birthday is in order, Madam Deputy Speaker.
If you are like me, you do not count the years, you just make the years count.