That is one half of the amnesty.
The other half is the comfort letters, and the right place to look there is the judge’s ruling in the Downey case, which shot down any future prosecutions.
The judge said—I will read it carefully—that there is a
“public interest in holding officials of the state to promises they have made in full understanding of what is involved in the bargain.
Hence I have concluded that this is one of those rare cases in which, in the particular circumstances, it offends the court’s sense of justice and propriety to be asked to try the defendant.”
In other words, it is an amnesty, whether the Government like it or not.
On the first issue that the right hon.
Gentleman raises, for anyone who was serving a sentence for a troubles-related offence, part of the Good Friday agreement was that they were released after two years.
The people of Northern Ireland voted for that by about 70%.
It was part of the agreement.
On his second point, there were specific issues in the case of Mr Downey, because he had been given a letter that said he was not wanted when in fact he was.
That is why that prosecution could not proceed.
The right hon.
Gentleman’s point is undermined by the fact that Mr Downey—this is a matter of public record—is currently facing prosecution for two counts of murder in 1972.
It therefore cannot be the case that any letter he received gave him an amnesty.
I call the Chair of the Northern Ireland Affairs Committee.
A number of the core provisions of the previous Government’s legacy Act have been deemed by the Northern Ireland courts to be incompatible with our human rights obligations.
Does the Secretary of State agree that it is little wonder that the legislation was so widely opposed, and does this not make the task of repealing and replacing it even more important?
It certainly does make it more important, because it is a piece of legislation that has not worked and did not command support in Northern Ireland.
If legislation is passed in this House that does not command support in Northern Ireland, how on earth can we expect the answers that families are seeking, which  the right hon.
Member for Skipton and Ripon (Sir Julian Smith)  referred to a moment ago, to be provided?
We have a responsibility to give more people in Northern Ireland confidence in the new arrangement so that they will come forward to get the answers they have been seeking.
The Secretary of State has done much to talk up the alleged special provisions in relation to ex-servicemen, but legally is it not the case that any such provisions would have to apply across the board?
If I am wrong about that, will the Secretary of State now tell the House which special provisions apply exclusively and only to servicemen?
The provisions that apply exclusively and only to service personnel are: first, the arrangements to prevent cold calling—a protocol will be agreed with the commission in relation to that—and secondly, not being required to rehearse the history when the Ministry of Defence would be perfectly capable of providing that information.
The hon.
and learned Gentleman, being a distinguished lawyer, will know that, in respect to other arrangements for witnesses, the law requires that they are available to all witnesses.
Many families have been struggling and campaigning for years for truth and justice, and they are now hopeful that we can get to the truth.
We know that MI5 admitted only a few months ago that it had not given all of the files over to Operation Kenova.
I am also aware that there are many Northern Ireland Office and MOD files that have not yet gone through the freedom of information process and are therefore not available to the National Archives.