Labour Members may cheer, but not one of those clauses refers to veterans.
Those are not protections for veterans; they are protections for everyone—paragraph 20 of the explanatory notes shows that what I am saying is true—and many of them are already available in the criminal justice system.
It is a mirage.
To be collegiate, the Secretary of State has spent many years criticising the legacy Act of 2023 and previous efforts on the basis that they commanded no political support whatsoever across the parties of Northern Ireland.
If there is agreement across Northern Ireland’s Members of Parliament on amendments during the passage of his legislation, will he agree to those amendments?
The right hon.
Gentleman invites me to speculate on amendments that I have not yet seen.
As I indicated to the House yesterday, I want to work in as collegiate a way as possible in trying to take the legislation through.
In respect to the first part of his question, however, I would say that the only reason the protections and clauses I just read out are in the Bill is because of the Government’s determination to treat our veterans fairly.
What steps he is taking to ensure that Intertrade UK operates independently and transparently.
As part of “Safeguarding the Union”, Intertrade UK was established to advise on and promote trade and investment across the UK.
The terms of reference and work programme were published on gov.uk.
The NIO provides secretariat support, but Intertrade UK is free to submit advice and recommendations to the Government as it sees fit.
What indicators is the Secretary of State using to measure growth in trade within the UK internal market?
Will he commit to publicising an independent assessment of the barriers that the Northern Ireland protocol is having on trade within the UK and Northern Ireland, which I believe affects the ability of Intertrade UK to fully promote trade within the UK and operate independently?
As the hon.
Gentleman will be aware, a range of organisations, including Intertrade UK, are looking at the impact of the Windsor framework.
We have recently had Lord Murphy’s report, for example, which the Government are committed to publishing.
The House of Lords Northern Ireland Affairs Committee published a report on the same subject only this morning.
Does the Secretary of State agree that one of the major deterrents to investment and growth in Northern Ireland is the absence, 20 months after the restoration of Stormont, of a published investment strategy from the Executive with any sort of a road map for investors or businesses on the infrastructure, roads and housing developments that the Executive will invest in?
Does he agree that, in the absence of that strategy, we are flying blind in investment terms?
Has he had any discussions with the Executive about that?
Like my hon.
Friend, I look forward to seeing the investment strategy published.
Northern Ireland has a great opportunity under the Windsor framework because of the dual market access, which no other part of the United Kingdom has.
For those looking to invest to trade with both the UK and the European Union, there is no better place to come and do that but Northern Ireland.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of the defence industrial strategy on Northern Ireland.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of the defence industrial strategy on Northern Ireland.
In this role, I am committed to supporting all people across Northern Ireland.
From its businesses to its community groups, there is much to champion.
I will do all that I can to build on the excellent work of my predecessor, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Putney (Fleur Anderson) .
The defence industrial strategy is great news for Northern Ireland.