He had to be dragged out only to repeat more obfuscation.
It is simply unbelievable that he is trying to say that the last Government did not classify China as a threat, so I will refresh his memory.
In 2021, the previous Government’s integrated review described China as
“the biggest state-based threat to the UK’s economic security.”
In 2024, the then Minister for Security said from the Dispatch Box that China poses a threat.
But let us leave aside the Government.
In November 2022, the director general of MI5 classified China as a threat in his remarks.
How is it possible that the Government failed to provide the evidence that the CPS needed to prosecute?
The substantive evidence was provided in 2023 by the previous Government.
That is when the witness statement was submitted.
I am going to disclose it; Members will all be able to read it.
The substantive evidence was written, disclosed and submitted in 2023, under the previous Government.
I note that the Leader of the Opposition did not indicate whether Ministers were involved in that at the time.
The Leader of the Opposition questions what is in the refreshed reviews of 2021 and 2023.
Let me be clear: the then Foreign Secretary,  the right hon.
Member for Braintree (Sir James Cleverly) , who is sitting on the Opposition Front Bench, gave a speech at Mansion House one month after the arrests.
It was called “Our  position on China” and set out the Government’s policy.
He said in that speech that summing up China as a “threat” in “one word” would be
“impossible, impractical and—most importantly—unwise.”
He was Foreign Secretary at the time.
It was not just the right hon.
Member for Braintree.
The Leader of the Opposition was Business Secretary at the time.
In September 2023—the relevant year—she said:
“We certainly should not be describing China as a foe”.
It is worth looking up the word “foe” in the dictionary.
It does not end there.
In September 2024, she said:
“I have shied away from calling China a threat”.
She is playing politics with national security.
The Prime Minister can read the beginning of a quote, but let me finish that quote.
At the end of the quote that he just read out, I did describe China as a threat.
But his whataboutery neglects the fact that the spies were charged under a Conservative Government and let off under Labour.
The Prime Minister has not answered any questions.
On Monday, the Security Minister repeatedly told the House that Ministers did not take decisions and that it was the deputy National Security Adviser who had full freedom.
Are the Government seriously saying that only one man—the deputy National Security Adviser—had anything to do with this failure?
Is that Prime Minister seriously saying that the deputy did not discuss with the National Security Adviser, the Home Secretary or anyone in Downing Street?
Is the Prime Minister seriously saying that?
Yes, and let me explain why.
First, the case was charged under the last Government, according to the evidence submitted under that Government, who set out their policy position.
What was on issue in the trial is not the position of the current Government, but the position of the last Government.
They carefully avoided describing China as an enemy because that was their policy at the time.
As far as the position under this Government is concerned, no Minister or special adviser was involved.
I will double-check this—[Interruption.]
This is important.
After the charging decision, the prosecution were very careful about who would then see the witness evidence.
I will double-check exactly what instruction was taken, but I can be absolutely clear that no Minister was involved, no special adviser was involved in this.