I will do all that I can to build on the excellent work of my predecessor, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Putney (Fleur Anderson) .
The defence industrial strategy is great news for Northern Ireland.
We are committed to economic growth that people can feel in their pocket, and the £250 million allocated to five defence growth deals, including one in Northern Ireland, will see its booming defence sector thrive.
Airbus, which manufactures satellites in my Stevenage constituency, will soon integrate the civil aircraft wing business at the historical Shorts site in Belfast, close to where Thales tests its satellites and produces vital missiles for Ukraine.
Will the Minister work with colleagues across Government and the Northern Ireland Executive to ensure that the defence industrial strategy is complemented by the industrial strategy’s advanced manufacturing sector plan so as to maximise skills, innovation and growth?
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight the rich expertise in Northern Ireland’s defence sector, which brings benefits right across the UK, including to Stevenage.
I assure him that the Secretary of State and I will work across Government and with the Executive to ensure a joined-up approach that benefits Northern Ireland.
I am incredibly proud of our naval engineering history in the Black Country, including at companies such as Somers Forge in Halesowen and Brooks Forgings in Cradley Heath.
I am delighted that this Labour Government are increasing defence spending to levels never seen under the previous Government.
Does the Minister agree that that investment in Northern Ireland, at places such as Harland & Wolff, will not just benefit the local economy there but the supply chain all across the country?
My hon.
Friend is right.
I warmly welcome this investment and I know he is rightly proud of the defence expertise in his constituency.
Backed by this Labour Government increasing defence spending to 2.5%, Harland & Wolff is building the next generation of support ships for our Royal Navy.
We are safeguarding jobs, skills and our future security.
I welcome both the Minister to his place and the defence growth deal.
Does he agree that he now needs to work with the Northern Ireland Executive to ensure that the  supply chain in Northern Ireland extends beyond Harland & Wolff and the greater Belfast area, so that everyone in Northern Ireland can benefit from what is potentially a life-changing development for industry there?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his warm words.
He is right that we need to work across Northern Ireland to ensure that the life-changing investment he mentions is felt throughout, and I will make sure that happens.
May I welcome the Minister to his place as well?
Will he ensure that there is that co-working across the Northern Ireland Executive and the Ministry of Defence with regard to the Executive’s investment strategy, which is also integral to the defence industrial strategy, and that the NIE will work to remove any blockages that would prevent the two being merged?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his warm words.
I will meet Executive Ministers in Northern Ireland next week to discuss this and other matters.
I will ensure that we remove any blockages that we can, and that we do so by working together.
What steps he is taking to replace the Northern Ireland Troubles (Legacy and Reconciliation) Act 2023.
What steps he is taking to replace the Northern Ireland Troubles (Legacy and Reconciliation) Act 2023.
What steps he is taking to replace the Northern Ireland Troubles (Legacy and Reconciliation) Act 2023.
The Government are committed to repealing and replacing the legacy Act with new arrangements that seek to command greater confidence in Northern Ireland.
Yesterday we published the Northern Ireland Troubles Bill and a draft remedial order to do just that.
Yesterday the Secretary of State announced this Labour Government’s new Northern Ireland Troubles Bill.