It is something of a Catch-22 situation.
We first have to resolve the issue with Jhoots and take the necessary action, and then we can see where we are with potential gaps in the market.
I call the Chair of the Health and Social Care Committee.
The case of Jhoots is clearly hugely unfortunate given the incredible work that community pharmacies do up and down the country for our constituents.
I am pleased to hear the Minister say that this case will not negatively affect the funding settlement, but it is set against the backdrop of a very precarious sector where actors who want to do good by our communities and do a high-quality job often find that they simply cannot make ends meet, and bad actors find a way to move in.
When the Committee looked last at this issue, the workforce was a key plank to why the sector is not sustainable.
What update can the Minister give us on the inclusion of pharmacists in the workforce plan?
I thank the hon.
Lady and pay tribute to her work as Chair of the Select Committee.
I am very proud of the fact that we delivered a £500 million uplift to pharmacy—19% across the two-year period.
It was the highest uplift of any sector, not just of my portfolio but the entire NHS.
I am also very proud of the fact that we are taking forward hub-and-spoke legislation to enable pharmacists and pharmacy technicians to operate at the top of their licence.
The day before yesterday we signed off on a statutory instrument to improve the ability of technicians to do more in the area of dispensing.
We are looking to empower the workforce and enable them to operate at the top of their licence.
That is a fundamental part of the shift from hospital to community that is at the heart of our 10-year plan.
Jhoots pharmacy moved into the village of Knott End in 2023, and it was not long before constituents were getting in touch with me to explain that they could not access their prescriptions because pharmacies were closed and unreliable.
We do have the very good Over Wyre medical centre, which has dispensing rights, but it is restrained by the one-mile rule, which means that it cannot dispense prescriptions within one mile of a pharmacy, whether that is open or closed.
I feel like we are in a Catch-22 situation.
What help can the Minister give my constituents to ensure that those who are within one mile of the Jhoots pharmacy that is never open can access their prescriptions from the dispensing Over Wyre medical centre?
My hon.
Friend rightly puts her finger on the Catch-22 situation in which we find ourselves.
It is patently absurd that a pharmacy that is not operating, as she just described, is blocking the ability of others to step in and fill the gap.
That is something we have to resolve, and it is part of the work I have commissioned urgently.
We clearly have gaps in the regulatory framework.
This is an unprecedented situation, and we are working at pace to address it, but she has rightly put her finger on this Catch-22, which needs to be resolved.
We need to move one piece out of the way so that we can deal with the situation.
The way Jhoots is treating its workforce, the community and suppliers is frankly appalling.
It is failing communities who desperately rely on it.
The Government are planning to introduce a health Bill at some point in the coming months that will see the abolition of NHS England.
Can the Minister update the House on when the Bill will come forward and what provision it will contain to strengthen accountability for the delivery of community pharmacy?
I know that my colleague the Minister of State for Health is working hard on the drafting process for the Bill.
I cannot give the hon.