This is important.
After the charging decision, the prosecution were very careful about who would then see the witness evidence.
I will double-check exactly what instruction was taken, but I can be absolutely clear that no Minister was involved, no special adviser was involved in this.
I am as assured as I can be that the prosecution was saying that it would be the witnesses only who would be involved in short updates to the evidence that was submitted under the previous Government.
The end of the answer was different from the beginning of the answer.
What on earth is the point of us having a lawyer rather than a leader as the Prime Minister if he cannot even get the law right on a matter of national security?
He keeps going back to the CPS.
The CPS has said that it was satisfied that it was right to charge in August 2024.
The Sunday Times reported that Jonathan Powell, the Prime Minister’s National Security Adviser, convened a secret meeting to discuss the security consequences of the China spy trial.
Did that meeting happen, or is The Sunday Times making it up?
The right hon.
Lady is clearly not a lawyer or a leader.
The problem for her is that I do actually understand the law, and I know what has to be proven.
I have also looked at the evidence that was put in under the last Government in relation to this case.
There was a meeting in September; that did not involve the National Security Adviser discussing the evidence in any way.
One further point: the final statement in this case was submitted in August 2025.
There was no further submission of evidence, one way or the other, after any discussion in September.
This is a red herring—a completely scurrilous allegation made by the Leader of the Opposition.
The Prime Minister has now twice directly contradicted the words of his Security Minister.
They cannot both be right.
The Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee could not get any answers from the Security Minister.
The CPS said that it was satisfied that the decision to charge the case in April 2024—not August—was correct on the basis of where the law stood at that time.
This is a matter of fact, not a matter of what the previous Government had thought, or of the case not meeting a legal test—it did.
Something must have changed when the charges were brought and when the case collapsed.
The charges were brought under the Conservatives and collapsed under Labour.
Will the Prime Minister tell us what changed, and what collapsed the case?
I have said that I will publish the witness statements in full.
The whole House will then see exactly what was set out in 2023 in the substantive witness statements, and exactly what was set out in the two supplementary witness statements.
The right hon.
Lady will then realise that what she has just said is entirely baseless.
The CPS has said in the clearest terms that this prosecution was dropped because this Government did not provide the statements it expected.
Why should we believe a man who at the last Prime Minister’s questions said that he had full confidence in the best friend of a convicted paedophile?
Forgive us if we do not trust a word he says.
This all stinks of a cover up.
Given his statement earlier, will the Prime Minister publish today not just the Government witness statements, but also the meeting minutes, and all the correspondence that he had with the CPS?
Let me be clear: the only process I want to go through is in relation to some of the individuals in the statements to make sure that they know that this is coming up.
I can assure the House that there is no substantive delay here.
rose—
I know this is of acute concern to a number of people.