Can the Minister update the House on when the Bill will come forward and what provision it will contain to strengthen accountability for the delivery of community pharmacy?
I know that my colleague the Minister of State for Health is working hard on the drafting process for the Bill.
I cannot give the hon.
Member the exact date of its introduction, but I would be very happy to write to him with confirmation of the expected introduction date.
I am pleased that this urgent question has been secured, because I have written to the Minister about this company.
I am also grateful to my hon.
Friend  the Member for North Somerset (Sadik Al-Hassan) , who has given me advice in the matter.
I am pleased that the Government are taking regulatory action in respect of the quality, safety and availability of the service, but I was horrified to hear that several of my constituents working for this company have gone unpaid for several weeks.
Please could the Minister reach out to the relevant Minister within the Department for Business and Trade to see what else we can do for those people, because it is simply not right that they are out of pocket?
That is an excellent suggestion; I will do that.
We are hearing colleague after colleague say that staff are not being paid, and if there is clear evidence of a breach of employment law, we absolutely need to look at that.
I will follow up on my hon.
Friend’s suggestion.
We have heard again this afternoon the line from the Minister that pharmacy staff are employed not by the NHS but by pharmacy businesses, and that this is just a dispute between staff and the pharmacy business that should be raised in the first instance with ACAS.
Holli Froggatt from Sidmouth, a former member of Jhoots staff, has written to me to say that staff have emailed Jhoots begging for their wages as they have empty bank accounts.
In normal circumstances, the Government like to lean on pharmacies to take the pressure off GPs, with such schemes as Pharmacy First, so how can the Minister simply wash his hands of this situation when staff have gone for three months without pay?
I do not think that is an accurate characterisation of what I am saying.
I am saying that we are taking action against Jhoots from the regulatory point of view, and there is clearly a glaring issue with the payment of staff.
That needs to be taken forward through the industrial relations process, both through ACAS and the PDA.
We will give all the support we can to both those organisations to ensure that Jhoots is held to account.
My constituents in Sedbergh, a rural market town, have suffered greatly from the terrible pharmacy provision by  Jhoots.
Medicines have been unavailable, the pharmacy has often been closed, and staff and locum pharmacists are going unpaid, yet pay slips are being issued, so it is very hard for them to claim benefits.
I have written to the Minister and met with the integrated care board.
Doctors and neighbouring pharmacists—I say neighbouring, but this is in Westmorland, which is a 40-minute drive away—have stepped in to help, as has the parish council.
Can the Minister outline what action he is taking nationally to force Jhoots to provide a better service for my constituents?
We are actively working with integrated care boards, NHS England, the General Pharmaceutical Council and, indeed, trade unions to ensure that all of these issues are being taken forward and given the urgency that they require.
Sadly, as I have pointed out, the regulatory framework is not adequate.
It is very focused on pharmacists and pharmacy premises, and inadequately and insufficiently focused on business owners.
That is something that must be addressed as a matter of urgency, and we are working on it at pace.