Member asks what is happening.
We are getting on with recruiting 6,700 additional NHS mental health staff, we are building 85 new dedicated mental health emergency departments, and we have boosted NHS spending on mental health by almost £700 million.
I thank the Prime Minister for his strong words at our party conference in calling for unity at a time when many feel that our country is divided, and in rightly calling out racism.
I am a second-generation immigrant, born in this country, and people like me and so many of our constituents have every right to be here.
No one should face hatred because of the colour of their skin.
Does the Prime Minister agree that some of those on the Opposition Benches who seek to stoke division and keep close company with those who accept Russian bribes cannot and should not be trusted to govern this country?
My hon.
Friend captures the choice before us as a country: we can either give in to division or come together as a country and renew our country.
This is National Hate Crime Awareness Week, and in the past fortnight we have seen the horrific terror atrocity in Manchester and a despicable arson attack on the mosque in Peacehaven.
I want to be clear as Prime Minister: I am proud to lead and to serve this beautiful, tolerant and diverse country.
An attack on one of us is an attack on all of us.
Calithea Studios in Mid Dunbartonshire is a prime example of a business doing everything the Government ask.
The owner of this beauty salon and her three employees each earn less than £30,000 a year, yet the business will pay the Government over £36,000 for the year in VAT, employer’s national insurance and pension contributions.
Does the Prime Minister think it is fair that the hard-working owner, who is providing jobs and training on the high street, contributes more to the Exchequer than she earns in a year?
Does he believe this encourages entrepreneurship, which is important for economic growth and local jobs?
As the hon.
Lady will know, we have protected business rates bills from inflation and extended relief at 40%, with new, permanent lower rates set and introduced for retail, hospitality and leisure.
As part of our small business plan, we are providing £3 billion so that lenders can offer more loans to small businesses.
We are, of course, introducing the most significant package on late payments—a real issue for small businesses—and reforms that are bigger than any in the last 25 years.
Can the Prime Minister update the House on the Government’s elections Bill?
Does he agree that in the light of recent court cases and the conviction of Reform’s former leader in Wales, no party whose leaders take Russian bribes can be trusted to defend our democracy?
Labour is introducing an elections Bill to protect our democracy from foreign interference.
But look at Reform.
The hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage)  and his deputy,  the hon.
Member for Boston and Skegness (Richard Tice) , worked alongside someone who took money to spread Putin’s propaganda.
Whatever their denials, they have serious questions to answer about what they knew, but that is the choice: Kremlin cronies sowing division or Labour patriots working for national renewal.
The lines that we have heard from the Government in recent days have been a conflation of fabricated stories trying to set up straw men and knock down things that have not been said.
The real question in this whole debate is whether or not the Director of Public Prosecutions charged legally and properly.
If they did, then the Official Secrets Act is valid, and all this talk about the National Security Act 2023, which I introduced, is completely irrelevant.
If they did not, why is he not charging his successor with abuse of power?
Well, we know the reality, Mr Speaker.