Many families have been struggling and campaigning for years for truth and justice, and they are now hopeful that we can get to the truth.
We know that MI5 admitted only a few months ago that it had not given all of the files over to Operation Kenova.
I am also aware that there are many Northern Ireland Office and MOD files that have not yet gone through the freedom of information process and are therefore not available to the National Archives.
Will the Secretary of State commit today to ensuring that those files are available to the new legacy commission?
The legacy commission has the right to receive all information that it requires to do its job.
We are proposing in the legislation to amend the arrangements for disclosure, to require the Secretary of State to conduct a balancing exercise, which was not in the previous Act, and to require the Secretary of State to give reasons, in line with standards that apply across the UK.
In addition, any decision of the Secretary of State is open to be judicially reviewed.
Those are important changes that I hope will give people in Northern Ireland greater confidence.
The Secretary of State said yesterday that his new legacy commission will not relitigate previous investigations involving veterans unless there are “compelling reasons” to do so.
That is reinforced in clause 30 of the Bill that has now been published.
To remove scope from opportunistic lawyers, would he consider defining far more closely than he has done up to this point precisely what he means by “compelling reasons”?
That is no doubt an issue that the House will discuss as the Bill is considered in detail.
I think that “compelling” and “essential” is a pretty high bar.
It will be for the commission to interpret that, but no doubt we will continue to discuss it.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Further to the Secretary of State’s comments on the adequacy of the legacy and reconciliation Act, I would like to turn to the role of the European convention on human rights.
As he will be aware, the Leader of the Opposition seems more interested in the views of the Member for Mar-a-Lago and Moscow than the vision of her predecessor Winston Churchill and is now calling for withdrawal from the ECHR.
May I therefore ask the Secretary of State what assessment his Department has made as to the effect that ceasing to be a signatory of the convention would have on the Good Friday agreement, the Windsor protocol, the new legacy framework and Northern Ireland’s institutions in general?
The Government are absolutely committed to the European convention on human rights.
I very much regret that the current Opposition have moved away from that historic support, which goes right back to Winston Churchill, as the hon.
Member has set out.
It is highly irresponsible to suggest picking away at one of the essential foundations of the Good Friday agreement.
Yesterday, in an atypical fit of pique, the Secretary of State failed to answer my question as to whether the Attorney General, Lord Hermer, had been excluded from the legislation or had personally recused himself.
So today I have an easier question.
Given that the Secretary of State yesterday highlighted the protections for veterans in this legislation, could he tell the House which page, which clause or which line uses the word “veteran”?
The clauses that would implement the protections in relation to veterans and others are clauses 30, 31, 36, 51, 54, 56, 69 and 84.
Hear, hear!
Labour Members may cheer, but not one of those clauses refers to veterans.
Those are not protections for veterans; they are protections for everyone—paragraph 20 of the explanatory notes shows that what I am saying is true—and many of them are already available in the criminal justice system.
It is a mirage.