I have exactly the same problem as he and  the hon.
Member for North Somerset (Sadik Al-Hassan) , but in Shaftesbury in my constituency.
I thank the staff of Boots, who are picking up such a huge amount of slack because Jhoots is not there.
There is a danger to the member of staff who is on duty, because there are prescribed drugs on the premises, and she is the only person there, and I worry for her safety.
What additional support can the Department give to existing providers, such as Boots, that are picking up the slack, particularly during the winter peak, in terms of advice to patients and administering vaccines?
This is a clear breach of contract, but I am told by our ICB that it does not fall within contract law.
The regulations are moot on this point, because the circumstances that Jhoots finds itself in were never envisaged when the regulations were written.
That is the problem that the Minister has identified.
There seems to be some timidity among officials and others on the overhanging threat of a judicial review, were the Government to act in extremis to introduce some urgency.
I urge the Minister to take that risk on behalf of all our constituents.
I certainly welcome his offer, following the suggestion of  the hon.
Member for North Shropshire (Helen Morgan) , that all Members of Parliament with constituents affected by this dire problem should be involved in meetings.
I look forward to that, so that we can provide timely advice, updates and support to our constituents, who are rightly worried.
I pay tribute to the Boots employees in the hon.
Member’s constituency where Jhoots is not providing the service that is required.
We appreciate that.
I can assure him that nothing is off the table.
He has rightly identified the problem with the regulatory framework, which is strong on pharmacists, pharmacists’ premises and pharmacy staff, but there is something of a gap when it comes to regulating pharmacy business owners.
That gap has been identified, and I have commissioned my officials to work on that at pace.
I will happily keep him updated on that work.
I thank the Minister for the context and the responses he has provided so far.
Jhoots in my constituency of Gillingham and Rainham has provided an incredibly poor service, not paying staff, not dispensing vital medicine and often not opening on time.
However, any replacement pharmacy or provider cannot come in, because the local pharmaceutical needs assessment suggests that there is functioning provision.
Will the Minister consider a review of the criteria surrounding PNAs so that they not only list those pharmacies that are available, but also look at failures, such as the ones we are seeing with Jhoots?
By recognising that, other providers can take their place, if needs be.
My hon.
Friend has put her finger on an issue within all this, which is that if we are looking to bring in other pharmacies to replace Jhoots or, indeed, to take over a Jhoots store, we cannot do that in the latter case until such time as there is an insolvency and that business is no longer a going concern.
There is a process, set out in legislation, for opening new pharmacies.
Potential new pharmacy contractors can apply to open in an area and evidence how a new pharmacy can provide benefits for patients, but it is a challenge for them to make such a case if a Jhoots  pharmacy is still listed as open and providing services.
It is something of a Catch-22 situation.
We first have to resolve the issue with Jhoots and take the necessary action, and then we can see where we are with potential gaps in the market.
I call the Chair of the Health and Social Care Committee.