Jhoots staff are not being paid and people across the country do not have access to vital medicine.
Will the Minister please confirm what steps are being taken to ensure that all Jhoots staff are paid without delay?
What discussions have taken place with the NHS BSA, the General Pharmaceutical Council and other regulators about Jhoots’s business practices?
Finally, will the Government commit to urgently reviewing Jhoots’s suitability as an NHS pharmacy provider, outline what safeguards will be introduced to prevent this from happening again and review the pharmacy funding model?
I agree with everything the hon.
Gentleman has said.
It is completely and utterly unacceptable if a business such as Jhoots is not paying its staff.
If there are indeed these reports that controlled drugs are not being handled properly, I would strongly recommend that any mishandling of drugs be reported to the General Pharmaceutical Council, which regulates pharmacy professionals and premises, so that appropriate action can be taken.
The hon.
Gentleman asked about the payment of staff.
Pharmacy staff are vital parts of the NHS part of what a pharmacy does.
Pharmacy staff provide vital services to our communities and should be paid according to their contracts; any failure to do so is completely unacceptable.
Of course, pharmacy staff are employed not by the NHS, but by the businesses they work for, so  any dispute between staff and a pharmacy business should be raised with the Advisory, Conciliation and Arbitration Service, ACAS.
I am also in touch with the Pharmacists’ Defence Association—the PDA—which is doing important work representing its members.
I will be meeting them soon as well.
Of course, we have responsibility for the NHS part of the work, but it is up to individual businesses to ensure that their employees are treated fairly.
The hon.
Gentleman rightly mentions the review of suitability to operate, and we are now looking at that across the board.
We are looking at the role of the General Pharmaceutical Council and what is taking place with ICBs taking contract action.
Where there is no sign of improvement and pharmacies continue to be in breach, the next escalation is to strike them off the pharmaceutical register, which takes some time, because certain pharmacies—I am not going to name names, but I am sure the hon.
Gentleman can imagine who—are trying every single thing they can to appeal, push back and stop the actions that we are seeking to take, which is elongating the process.
However, I want to be clear: if there is clear breach and action is not taken to remedy that breach, pharmacies will be struck off the pharmaceutical register.
I call our very own pharmacist, Sadik Al-Hassan.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
As a pharmacist for nearly 20 years and the MP of North Somerset, I have the dubious pleasure of having two Jhoots pharmacies in the town of Portishead in my constituency.
I cannot say two operating pharmacies, because they have shuttered their doors, with reports of them not having paid their bills, their rent or their staff.
As a pharmacist, I know that this affects the perception and view of community pharmacy up and down the country.
What plans do the Minister and the Department have to ensure that bad actors in the pharmacy space—as Jhoots, in my opinion, appears to be—are dealt with more quickly and effectively under new legislation?
Order.
Questions should not be statements.
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend’s direct professional expertise and experience as a pharmacist.
He is right to point to the fact that the regulatory framework is not as strong as it needs to be.
I have spoken with officials in my Department who have worked in the pharmacy sector for many years, and they have never seen behaviour like this before.
It is quite unprecedented.
Nevertheless, it is shining a light on the fact that we do not have a strong enough regulatory framework.