That is backed by the £11.8 billion in the Budget for farming.
As many Members know, I am currently being treated for stage 2C skin cancer.
I am responding well, but only because it was caught early and because I have had the very best of NHS care.
Not everyone is so fortunate.
Zoe Panayi, a 26-year-old from the Isle of Wight, was told that her mole was harmless.
She had it removed privately, but it proved to be malignant.
She tragically died in 2020.
Her family—Charlie and Eileen are in the Gallery today—have shown extraordinary courage, working with my hon.
Friend the Member for Isle of Wight West (Mr Quigley) and me to campaign for Zoe’s law: compulsory testing of all removed moles.
Will the Prime Minister meet us, and Zoe’s family, to discuss how we can make this a reality?
On behalf of the House, I wish my hon.
Friend the very best for his recovery.
I know that this is a deeply personal campaign for him—a campaign that is also supported by our hon.
Friend the Member for Isle of Wight West.
May I send my deepest sympathies, and pay tribute to, Zoe’s family, who are with us today?
Their bravery is staggering, and I share their determination to improve cancer survival rates.
That is why we are investing billions to see earlier diagnosis and faster treatment of cancer, and are developing a national cancer plan.
Of course, we will get a meeting set up, and if the family are available and it is convenient —I do not know whether it is—I will ask the Health Minister to meet them later today, or, if that is not convenient, at the earliest possible opportunity, so that they can have that discussion.
Business confidence has fallen for five consecutive quarters, and the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors has said that there are significant concerns in the housing market.
The Prime Minister could inject some confidence back into the economy, he could help working families to get on to the housing ladder, and he could even simplify the tax affairs of his Cabinet if he adopted the policy advocated by the Leader of the Opposition of scrapping stamp duty on residential properties.
Will he at least give a commitment not to raise property taxes in his nightmare-before-Christmas Budget?
We will certainly not be following the Leader of the Opposition.
She unveiled what she called her “golden economic rule”, I think it was, which involves £47 billion of spending cuts—that is a fifth of the NHS budget—with not a shred of detail about where the money would come from.
The Institute for Government said that it was based on “shaky foundations”.
More unfunded tax cuts, and more austerity for public services: the Conservatives have not listened, and they have not learnt.
Between 2021 and 2023, 41 mental health patients in the care of the Tees, Esk and Wear Valleys NHS Foundation Trust lost their lives.
That led to a damning report from NHS England and calls from my constituents for a public inquiry.
This is not just historic; my surgeries are still filled with harrowing stories of failure.
Will the Prime Minister join my calls for that public inquiry, to get to the bottom of what went wrong and to rebuild confidence with new, more appropriately sized local NHS mental health trusts that are fit to serve our constituents?
My hon.
Friend has been a strong advocate for his constituents on this issue.
The Health Secretary has met the families affected by these failures twice, I think, this year to hear their stories, and I want to make it clear that what happened to their loved ones is unacceptable.
The Health Secretary is currently considering the best way forward so that families get the answers that they deserve.
It is right that they receive any update first, but I can assure my hon.