Instead, they stated that they would “increase…national security protections” where China poses “a threat” and that the then Government would “engage…with China” to “leave room” open for “constructive and predictable relations”.
The deputy National Security Adviser, Matt Collins, set out the then Government’s position in a substantive witness statement in 2023, which was subsequently supplemented by two further short statements.
The Cabinet Secretary assures me that the DNSA faithfully set out the policy of the then Tory Government.
I know at first hand that the DNSA is a civil servant of the utmost integrity, and those Opposition Members who worked with him, I am sure, would agree with that assessment.
Under this Government, no Minister or special adviser played any role in the provision of evidence.
I cannot say what the position was of the previous Government in relation to the involvement of Ministers or special advisers.
If the Leader of the Opposition knows the answer to that question, and I suspect that she does, I invite her to update the House.
Last night, the Crown Prosecution Service clarified that, in its view, the decision whether to publish the witness statements of the DNSA is for the Government.
I therefore carefully considered this question this morning, and after legal advice, I have decided to publish the witness statements.
Given the information contained, we will conduct a short process, but I want to make it clear that I intend to publish the witness statements in full.
To be clear, had the Conservatives been quicker in updating our legislation—a review that started in 2015—these individuals could have been prosecuted and we would not be where we are now.
I am happy to answer any questions on this.
This morning I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
Last week I visited Rayner, a world-leading provider of cataract solutions based in Worthing, a winner of this year’s King’s Award for Enterprise for innovation, and a fantastic employer of local apprentices.
I welcome the Government’s ambition to get two thirds of our young people into an apprenticeship, further education or university.
What will the Prime Minister do to ensure that every young person in East Worthing and Shoreham has the skills they need to thrive?
We want a country where young people are supported, where the quality of teaching is raised and where every skilled apprentice is valued and respected.
We have set a new target of two thirds of young people to be in an apprenticeship or university.
That will smash the glass ceiling and renew our country.
We have supported this with a record £3 billion budget for more apprenticeships, more technical colleges and guaranteed training, apprenticeships or work for all 18 to 21-year-olds.
I call the Leader of the Opposition.
Mr Speaker, thank you for marking four years since the terrible murder of Sir David Amess.
I know the whole House will want to join me in remembering our former colleague.
He is very much still in our hearts and minds.
The way he died reminds us that the security of Members and this Parliament is paramount, so it concerns us all that the case against two people spying on Members of this House has collapsed.
It is simply unbelievable.
Exactly as I expected, the Prime Minister had to be dragged out at the top of PMQs to give a statement that answers no questions. [
Laughter.]
I don’t know what they are laughing at; we are talking about the security of this Parliament.
He had to be dragged out only to repeat more obfuscation.
It is simply unbelievable that he is trying to say that the last Government did not classify China as a threat, so I will refresh his memory.
In 2021, the previous Government’s integrated review described China as
“the biggest state-based threat to the UK’s economic security.”