He will be aware that it entered the market through the purchase of a number of Lloyds pharmacies that were no longer a going concern in 2023, so the question about due diligence on Jhoots as an operator is probably something he should be asking one of my predecessors from his party, which was in power at the time.
Since those purchases, Jhoots has expanded rapidly, and that has been where we have seen the question marks around its ability to operate and the serious downgrading of services.
I have not met the management of Jhoots.
We are looking at a whole range of legal and regulatory enforcement procedures, and the decision we have taken is that it is better not to interfere in any way in those  processes, but I am certainly monitoring that very closely.
If we receive legal advice that suggests that such a meeting would be a good idea, I will of course be open to it.
However, the current legal position based on the advice we have received is that it would not be appropriate at this time.
On local pharmacy access, integrated care boards have a statutory responsibility to ensure adequate pharmacy provision.
Some ICBs, for example, have allowed dispensing GP practices to provide dispensing services to affected patients, while others have worked with local GP practices to advise patients to nominate alternative nearby pharmacies for their prescriptions.
We have looked at the impact geographically, and our view is that in most cases there is alternative pharmacy provision to Jhoots within striking distance.
However, there are four or five areas of the country where that is not the case, including in the constituency of  the hon.
Member for West Dorset (Edward Morello) , who secured this urgent question.
I am very conscious of that.
In those cases, extra provision needs to be made through ICBs and GPs—that may be through distance selling or by other means—to ensure that patients have pharmacy access.
The shadow Minister asks about continuity of care and national contingency.
The situation is challenging because, as I mentioned in my remarks and as officials have said, we have not seen this rapid decline in service before.
We are working at pace to strengthen the regulatory framework and we are looking at contingency plans.
I do not see any reason why the overall funding settlement for pharmacy should be undermined.
We will continue to protect community pharmacy as a crucial part of our NHS.
I thank the Minister for his response.
Community pharmacies, such as Lodge pharmacy in Perry Common in my area, play a vital role and offer an excellent service, and that is why I am concerned when places such as Jhoots pharmacy close or, maybe, fold.
The winter months are coming, and I am passionate about winter measures.
How will we ensure that our pharmacies can offer the winter vaccines needed this year if we lose large chains, such as Jhoots?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend’s work on the Select Committee.
NHS England is assessing the situation and preparing contingency plans in case Jhoots becomes insolvent.
Such plans involve working with other local pharmacies and dispensing GP practices to ensure that patients continue to have access to medicines.
Continuity of care, as she rightly points out, must be at the heart of our response, and we are working at pace to ensure that is protected.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
May I first thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for West Dorset (Edward Morello)  for raising this appalling issue?
Pharmacies are at the heart of our communities and are relied upon by millions.
They are under increasing pressure across the country, where we are seeing irregular opening hours and unannounced closures.
Families living in communities that rely on Jhoots pharmacies, such as  those in the constituency of my hon.