I have spoken with officials in my Department who have worked in the pharmacy sector for many years, and they have never seen behaviour like this before.
It is quite unprecedented.
Nevertheless, it is shining a light on the fact that we do not have a strong enough regulatory framework.
We need to look at the way that business owners are regulated.
There is strong regulation of pharmacists and pharmacy staff such as technicians, but business owners are not regulated as strongly as they could and should be.
My hon.
Friend is right that speed is also important, which is why we need to look at ways of fast-tracking particular cases where there is clear breach, because sometimes the appeal process can be very slow indeed.
We are looking at all of this in the round, and I have commissioned urgent advice from my officials to see how we can beef up the regulatory framework.
I call the shadow Minister.
Only this weekend, the National Pharmacy Association chief executive, Henry Gregg, said that he is concerned that
“reports of Jhoots Pharmacy branches across England failing patients risks damaging community pharmacy’s reputation and could imperil its ability to secure a good 2026-27 funding settlement.”
Communities across the country have been left without functioning pharmacies.
Doors have been locked without notice, patients have arrived to find no pharmacist, no prescriptions and no stock, and staff have gone unpaid and been threatened with the sack.
Jhoots Pharmacy faces allegations of not paying wages, having premises repossessed and serious regulatory breaches.
The General Pharmaceutical Council has already intervened several times, yet for many patients it is too late—they simply cannot get their medicines.
This is not an isolated business failure; it exposes a deeper fragility in the community pharmacy network on which local people depend for basics and often lifesaving care.
I have four questions for the Minister.
First, when was NHS England first made aware of these closures, and has the Minister met the Jhoots leadership?
If not, why not?
If he did, what was the outcome?
Secondly, has the Department assessed how many people have been left without local pharmacy access as a result of Jhoots’s actions, and what is the Minister doing to remedy this, considering it is happening across the country?
He mentioned ICBs, but there are several involved.
Thirdly, what mechanisms exist to ensure continuity of care when a contractor collapses or walks away?
Again, he mentioned ICBs, but is there a national contingency plan?
Finally, will the Government now review whether the current model, under which chains are expanding rapidly through acquisition and debt, is fit to safeguard community pharmacies in the long term?
Linked to that, can the Minister definitively confirm that the funding settlement has not been compromised?
The 10-year NHS plan states that it wants to move more care into the community, yet it is completely missing a delivery chapter on how to achieve that.
At the same time, we have issues such as Jhoots.
I hope the Minister will be taking steps to investigate this issue in its entirety and to safeguard against this type of incident happening again, and will spell out the delivery aspect of the 10-year plan.
I thank the shadow Minister for his questions.
He asked about first awareness of what was happening with Jhoots.
He will be aware that it entered the market through the purchase of a number of Lloyds pharmacies that were no longer a going concern in 2023, so the question about due diligence on Jhoots as an operator is probably something he should be asking one of my predecessors from his party, which was in power at the time.
Since those purchases, Jhoots has expanded rapidly, and that has been where we have seen the question marks around its ability to operate and the serious downgrading of services.
I have not met the management of Jhoots.