That is not indicative of a problem.
I call the shadow Minister.
On  26 November  last year, the Health Secretary assured this House that the Tobacco and Vapes Bill will apply in Northern Ireland.
The Secretary of State will know that the age-based sales ban affects the placement of tobacco products on the market and so is potentially in breach of the EU’s tobacco products directive, so can the Secretary of State repeat the Health Secretary’s assurance and also tell us whether the Government have confirmed with the European Union that the ban will stand in Northern Ireland?
It is certainly the Government’s intention that the ban will apply in Northern Ireland, because it is very important that young people all over the United Kingdom are protected in the way in which the Bill seeks.
Before we come to Prime Minister’s questions, I welcome to the Gallery the honourable Speaker of the Parliament of the Republic of Fiji and the Chairman of the Parliament of Ukraine.
Members will also know that today marks the fourth anniversary of the death of our friend and colleague, Sir David Amess, who was murdered in his Southend West constituency in 2021.
Sir David was a long-serving Member of Parliament, respected and liked by Members across the House and dedicated to his constituency.
We remember him fondly.
The Prime Minister was asked—
If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 15 October.
As you have just said, Mr Speaker, today marks four years since the horrific murder of Sir David Amess.
Sir David was much loved across the House, kind and generous, and I know it was a huge loss to many Members opposite.
May he rest in peace.
As we remember Sir David and our friend Jo Cox, of course, I want to take this opportunity to condemn unequivocally the death threats made against  the hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage) .
I know the whole House will welcome the justice that has been done.
Whatever our disagreements, we are all parliamentarians, and I will not stand for violence or threats against our democracy.
Mr Speaker, on that point, may I update the House on the China spy case?
I am deeply disappointed by the outcome.
We wanted to see prosecutions.
Mr Speaker, I know just how seriously, rightly, that you take these matters.
National security will always be the first priority of this Government, and we will always defend against espionage.
In recent weeks, baseless accusations have been put about by the party opposite.
Let me set out the facts.
The relevant period was when these offences took place.
That was under the Conservative Government between the years of 2021 and 2023.
That period was bookended by the integrated review of 2021—the beginning of the period—and the refresh of that review in 2023, setting out their policy.
These statements of Government policy were very carefully worded to not describe China as an enemy.
Instead—[Interruption.]
Mr Stuart, somebody who is on the Speaker’s panel, and who I have told once before, should know better.
Do not question my judgment.
I thought it was important that the Prime Minister tells the House first rather than somewhere else.
Please, this is very important to me and to the House.
I take it seriously, so I do not need any more side comments.
The review of ’21 and the refresh of ’23 were very carefully worded to not describe China as an enemy.
Instead, they stated that they would “increase…national security protections” where China poses “a threat” and that the then Government would “engage…with China” to “leave room” open for “constructive and predictable relations”.
The deputy National Security Adviser, Matt Collins, set out the then Government’s position in a substantive witness statement in 2023, which was subsequently supplemented by two further short statements.
The Cabinet Secretary assures me that the DNSA faithfully set out the policy of the then Tory Government.