I know that Defence Ministers would be happy to discuss commemorating their courage.
Our debt to the armed forces underlies our commitment to  veterans, which includes delivering homes for heroes and a new network of veteran support centres, backed with £50 million.
Ahead of his party conference, the Prime Minister told the BBC that he was not sure whether he would campaign in Caerphilly for the by-election on  23 October .
This is an important by-election in Wales, but with just over a week to go, the Prime Minister has not shown his face there yet.
What is the problem?
Is it his party’s decision to close 10 libraries in the community?
Is it cuts to disability support?
Or is it perhaps the fact that even the council leader resigned from the Labour party and is calling on people to support Plaid Cymru?
The right hon.
Lady leaves out of her count that we provided £21 billion—the largest ever settlement for Wales—and what did she do?
She voted against it, if you can believe it.
While we are on the question of money, I noticed that this week, the right hon.
Lady accepted figures showing that independence would cost every Welsh person £7,000.
Her party should be honest about the cost of their policies to the people of Wales.
For the past year, I have been campaigning for a new special educational needs and disabilities school to open at the Osprey Quay site on Portland.
There are far too few specialist school places for children with SEND in my part of the world, so local families urgently need to see that school open its doors.
A new school there would provide around 70 new places for local children.
Given the urgent need to finally get this school up and running, will the Prime Minister commit to working with the Department for Education and Dorset council to ensure that a SEND school opens on Portland without further delay?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
I know just how important that school is to parents and children in his constituency, and share his determination to fix the broken SEND system.
That is why we have boosted investment in SEND to £12 billion, to put new facilities and tailored support in place for children who have long been failed.
We want decisions to be taken swiftly, and I will ask the schools Minister to update my hon.
Friend about that particular school.
Those on family farms in North Yorkshire and across the UK are increasingly worried about the tax changes coming up next year.
We really need the next generation of family farms to keep farming for our national food security.
The Centre for the Analysis of Taxation has produced an excellent, detailed academic report proposing a number of compromise amendments and changes that would both deliver for the Government and protect the family farm.
I realise that the Prime Minister cannot comment on the Budget, but will he and the Chancellor look at that report as they prepare for the end-of-November Budget?
I agree with the right hon.
Gentleman that food security is national security.
I believe that our reforms strike the right balance, enabling investment in the public services that rural communities rely on.
I thank him for drawing my attention to that report; he is right to do so.
What really matters is increasing the year-on-year profitability of our farmers, which is why the former president of the National Farmers Union is leading a review of farm profitability for us.
We are also delivering a 25-year farming road map and boosting export opportunities through the EU and US trade deals.
That is backed by the £11.8 billion in the Budget for farming.
As many Members know, I am currently being treated for stage 2C skin cancer.
I am responding well, but only because it was caught early and because I have had the very best of NHS care.