Pharmacies are at the heart of our communities and are relied upon by millions.
They are under increasing pressure across the country, where we are seeing irregular opening hours and unannounced closures.
Families living in communities that rely on Jhoots pharmacies, such as  those in the constituency of my hon.
Friend and many other parts of the country, will be deeply concerned that they and their loved ones could be about to be left without medicines that they desperately need.
Staff have been placed in an intolerable situation.
The National Pharmacy Association’s chief executive has said, as we have heard, that Jhoots risks damaging the reputation of community pharmacies.
The Government urgently need to grip this issue and ensure that patients and the staff of these pharmacies are not being let down.
Will the Minister and the Secretary of State agree to meet all the Members in this place whose communities are affected by potential closures?
Will he update the House at the earliest opportunity as to what steps he is taking to stabilise the crisis in community pharmacy across the country?
Is he confident that integrated care boards, which are distracted by 50% cuts to their budgets and top-down reorganisation, have the capacity to deal with this urgent situation as they head into planning for the next winter crisis?
I thank the hon.
Member for those questions.
I would certainly be happy to meet Members who have Jhoots in their constituency and are affected.
I will update the House.
We are looking at strengthening the regulation, but there are some constraints on what I can say, because so much of this is now going through legal process.
There is pushback, and we do not want to do anything to jeopardise the legal action we are taking through the appeal process, so I will have to be relatively circumspect in what I say.
I am happy to have those discussions and to update the House.
I am confident that ICBs can take this forward.
In most cases across the country, our assessment is that there is a pharmacy within striking distance of a Jhoots, but certainly in those areas where there is not, that may require particular follow-up action.
My officials and I will be following up with those ICBs to ensure that the appropriate action is being taken.
Five members of staff from Jhoots pharmacy in Laceby Road have been to see me.
They have been going into work, but they have not been paid since July.
It is absolutely appalling.
Can the Minister set out what pressure he and the Department can bring to bear on this chain, which has now unfortunately closed its doors for good?
I agree with absolutely every word that my hon.
Friend has just said.
It is completely unacceptable that people are coming into work, doing an honest day’s work and then not receiving an honest day’s pay.
Unfortunately, there is a limit to what we can do, because pharmacies are private businesses and each employer is required to fulfil their legal obligations to pay their staff.
I recommend that the members of staff she mentions contact ACAS and their trade union the PDA, if they are not already in touch.
For those who are not members of that union, I strongly recommend joining a trade union and seeking legal advice from it.
That is a vital part of what trade unions do.
They need to take action to force Jhoots to do the right thing.
I thank my friend and neighbour,  the hon.
Member for West Dorset (Edward Morello) , for securing this urgent question.
I have exactly the same problem as he and  the hon.
Member for North Somerset (Sadik Al-Hassan) , but in Shaftesbury in my constituency.
I thank the staff of Boots, who are picking up such a huge amount of slack because Jhoots is not there.