Sadly, as I have pointed out, the regulatory framework is not adequate.
It is very focused on pharmacists and pharmacy premises, and inadequately and insufficiently focused on business owners.
That is something that must be addressed as a matter of urgency, and we are working on it at pace.
The failure of Jhoots is putting unsustainable pressure on other pharmacies across my constituency, but talks have not even begun on pharmacy funding beyond March of next year.
Given the urgent situation with Jhoots, will the Minister review the timescale for those talks so that our pharmacies that are having to pick up this extra work can have some certainty about future funding?
This is absolutely urgent, as the hon.
Member rightly says.
I have commissioned officials to work on this matter at pace.
We can clearly see that this is a matter of national significance simply by the number of colleagues in the Chamber.
I can give the hon.
Member that assurance, and I would be happy to update him once I have a better sense of the exact timeframe and deadlines.
We will be insisting that things happen as a matter of urgency.
Over the recess I met the Singh family, who run two pharmacies in my constituency.
The family were clear that, despite improved funding, they are still struggling with overly complex funding formulas, delayed payments, high energy prices and drug shortages, among other challenges.
However, the positive initiatives of Pharmacy First and the independent prescribing pathfinder programme offer a ray of hope.
Will the Minister commit to continuing to invest time and energy in expanding those programmes and meet my pharmacies from Rushcliffe to discuss them further?
We remain absolutely committed to the independent prescribing service and are working on the plans and strategy to make that a reality.
We continue to support Pharmacy First, but sadly take-up of it has not been as good as we would have liked it to be.
The way it was structured and incentivised has not enabled it to realise its full potential, and we are working on that as well.
A number of errors were made by the previous Government, who did not set Pharmacy First up to succeed to the extent that it should have done.
Jhoots Pharmacy has revealed the severe financial strain facing community pharmacies.
The towns of Glastonbury and Bruton are home to fantastic independent pharmacies, continuing to serve their communities despite more than half of pharmacy owners losing money last year.
How will the Government ensure that the regulatory framework is robust so that community pharmacy services in rural areas can remain resilient and accessible?
The hon.
Member is right: this is about making the regulatory framework more robust.
As I have pointed out, it is robust on pharmacists, on technicians and on pharmacy premises, but it is simply not strong enough when it comes to pharmacy business owners.
The unprecedented case of Jhoots is throwing that into sharp relief.
That is what we are working on at pace.
I will be happy to update her once we have some clear progress on the plan and strategy to beef up the regulatory framework to ensure that this kind of thing can never happen again.
Last week I met staff from Jhoots Pharmacy in Thorley and was shocked when they told me that they had been unpaid for months but were still working.
Some were struggling with their mortgages or unable to afford food for their children’s school lunches.
Their concern was for their residents, many of whom are elderly and vulnerable, who have been left without essential medication because of stock issues and unexpected closures.
They are good, decent people who want to provide a community service for our residents.