The Health Secretary has met the families affected by these failures twice, I think, this year to hear their stories, and I want to make it clear that what happened to their loved ones is unacceptable.
The Health Secretary is currently considering the best way forward so that families get the answers that they deserve.
It is right that they receive any update first, but I can assure my hon.
Friend that we will provide that update as soon as we are able to do so.
Later this afternoon I will be launching a small business survey so that the 3,000 small and medium-sized enterprises in my constituency, which employ thousands of my constituents, can have their say about what is like to run a business under a Labour Government, and what their concerns are ahead of the Budget.
However, I want to give the Prime Minister the opportunity to provide a word of hope that I can share.
Will he tell my constituents that he has heard the pleas of SMEs and their fright about the Budget, that he will scrap business rates for hospitality and leisure as well as the family business and family farm taxes, and that his Government will commit themselves to no further tax rises for business?
Just a few months ago we published our small business strategy, which was based on what small businesses said to us.
I will make a copy available to the hon.
Lady so that she can give one to each of her constituents before they respond to the survey.
After  14 years of neglect, this Government are renewing the infrastructure of Britain—and for the benefit of the Leader of the Opposition, that is spelt B-R-I-T-A-I-N. Nowhere is this renewal more clearly needed than at the A226 Galley Hill Road in Swanscombe in my constituency, which collapsed more than two years ago, and there is no fix in sight.
Does the Prime Minister agree that the announcement of the transport structures fund in the spending review shows that this Government are ending the Conservative decline and getting on with fixing broken roads like Galley Hill?
My hon.
Friend is right: the Conservative party let roads crumble after years of under-investment.
We are building infrastructure that working people rely on, with £1 billion to repair bridges, tunnels and flyovers across the country and £92 billion in major road and rail upgrades.
We are rebuilding Britain; the Conservatives cannot even spell it.
Much like the hon.
Member for Bishop Auckland (Sam Rushworth), my constituents are served by the Tees, Esk and Wear Valleys mental health trust.
They face travelling to York or Middlesbrough for local in-patient beds, with some people being sent as far afield as Glasgow or Southampton.
This is completely unacceptable, and we need a provision of local mental health in-patient beds.
I welcome the openness to an inquiry into TEWV, but my concern is that while that is going on, we need real action so that the continued failings do not see the loss of any other lives.
What steps will the Prime Minister and the Secretary of State take now to reassure our constituents and to rebuild trust in TEWV?
The hon.
Gentleman will have heard my response to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bishop Auckland (Sam Rushworth)  a moment ago; I say again that what happened to his constituents is unacceptable, and we will give the answer as soon as we can.
In the meantime, the hon.
Member asks what is happening.
We are getting on with recruiting 6,700 additional NHS mental health staff, we are building 85 new dedicated mental health emergency departments, and we have boosted NHS spending on mental health by almost £700 million.
I thank the Prime Minister for his strong words at our party conference in calling for unity at a time when many feel that our country is divided, and in rightly calling out racism.