I have written to the hon.
Gentleman about this case.
As he will understand, it is difficult for me to go into detail about one pharmacy chain, at least on the specifics of the measures we are taking, but I can tell him that where there are problems with access to medicines, ICBs are supporting affected patients in the short term, for example by allowing local dispensing doctors to provide dispensing services to those patients.
Where pharmacy stores regularly breach their terms of service, ICBs can give them notice that they are being removed from the pharmaceutical list.
This power applies to any and all pharmacies, including, of course, Jhoots, and means that pharmacies would no longer be able to provide NHS services.
Such notices can be appealed against, so it does take some time to work through the system.
I stress to hon.
Members that pharmacies are private businesses and must be responsible business owners.
We can regulate what pharmacies should and should not do as part of their NHS terms of service, but it is not possible to prevent pharmacies from, for example, not paying their staff.
In conclusion, if pharmacies breach their terms of service, for example by not being open when they should be or where there are patient safety concerns, we take action.
The General Pharmaceutical Council is taking regulatory action.
ICBs are taking regulatory action and are supporting patients with access to medicines where necessary.
This is aimed at improving pharmacies’ behaviour, but can ultimately lead to pharmacies being forced to close their business.
I have also asked my officials to explore whether we can strengthen the regulatory  framework to be able to deal more quickly with pharmacies that do not play by the rules.
My officials are working on that as a matter of urgency.
My office is also setting up a meeting with the hon.
Gentleman to discuss this matter further and I will keep the House updated in the usual way.
I would be grateful, Madam Deputy Speaker, if you could pass on my thanks to Mr Speaker for granting this urgent question.
I thank the Minister for his response.
The collapse of service provision in some places, the constant closures in others and the general governance at Jhoots pharmacy, which operates 150 branches across England, demands immediate ministerial intervention.
In West Dorset, Jhoots branches in Lyme Regis and Bridport have been closed for months, leaving thousands without access to essential medication and placing a huge strain on overstretched neighbouring pharmacies.
Jhoots staff have gone months without pay, despite payslips being issued, tax deductions made and pension contributions not deposited.
I have been contacted only this morning by staff who have not been paid for the third month.
Many are unable to buy food or pay rent.
They are relying on food banks and the amazing communities that have stepped up to support them.
There have been reports of staff recruited by Jhoots under skilled worker visas being left without income or resource.
I have also been made aware of deeply troubling reports of controlled drugs being removed without proper documentation or process, which if proven true may constitute a breach of the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971.
I have raised my concerns with the General Pharmaceutical Council, His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs, the NHS Business Services Authority, the ICB and the Minister, whom I thank for his response.
I understand that processes must be followed, but this situation requires immediate action.
Jhoots staff are not being paid and people across the country do not have access to vital medicine.
Will the Minister please confirm what steps are being taken to ensure that all Jhoots staff are paid without delay?
What discussions have taken place with the NHS BSA, the General Pharmaceutical Council and other regulators about Jhoots’s business practices?