We have repeatedly pointed out that that is of no help at all if those places are in the wrong places or the wrong year groups.
They need to be where and for whom they are required.
State schools in my constituency are bursting at the seams.
There are no spare spaces to move into for the more than 1,000 children being educated in independent schools there.
The fees charged by those independent schools are a quarter to half of the cost of state school provision per pupil.
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman.
In Buckinghamshire, we do not have the places.
We have a lot of children in special education needs and disabilities schools, faith schools and other private schools.
We cannot cope with the capacity loss.
We have parents who are sacrificing everything to send their child to a SEND school.
There is no provision in the county for them.
The policy will result in a crisis  of transportation and places, and children will suffer as a result.
I am grateful to both my hon.
Friend and  the hon.
Member for Dewsbury and Batley (Iqbal Mohamed)  for their interventions.
Indeed, there are many places, particularly at secondary school level, where there are insufficient spaces available to accommodate a significant minority being displaced from independent schools—places such as Bristol and Bedford, Salford and Richmond, Worcester and Wycombe, and Bury North and Bolton North East.
Let us be clear: local authorities have a duty to find spaces for children.
They take that duty very seriously, and a number of them are considerably worried about what may happen.
In-year admissions can be especially complicated in any case: they can involve not only governors but the fair access protocol panel and, ultimately, a Secretary of State direction, all of which can add up to months out of school.
Creating additional physical space in schools obviously takes time, and building new schools takes longer still.
Time is needed to adjust, which is why our motion further calls on the Government to
“postpone imposition of the VAT charge for schools in areas where state schools in the relevant key stage are already on average”
almost full.
This Government barely have their feet under the table, and already they are a Government in chaos.
That chaos is exemplified by this destructive, disruptive and divisive education tax that will interrupt learning; create place demand where it cannot be accommodated; put further strain on the SEND system; hit specific groups that we ought to be trying to protect; likely generate much lower revenue than anticipated; and quite possibly even end up as a net cost to the public purse.
In their headlong rush to make a political statement, the Government appear simply to not have thought through the consequences.
We call on them now to announce immediately that they are abandoning the unrealistic January implementation date, to publish a proper impact assessment, and then to entirely rethink this entirely counterproductive tax.