I am delighted to take part in this debate, as I am always grateful for the opportunity to praise and defend our public services, particularly our state schools, and the millions of people, including the vast majority of my constituents, who rely on them.
The Opposition motion
“regrets that the Government has decided to impose VAT on independent school fees”.
Well, I regret that the last Tory Government did all they could to deliberately and carefully dismantle, defund and destroy our public services, including state schools, for 14 years—[Interruption.]
There is a huge amount that I could say, but we are pushed for time and many Members want to speak, including lots of Government Members.
I know there are more of us here—
Every day.
Indeed.
There is a lot that deserves to be said about our schools.
We have heard many Conservative Members ask about the impact.
They suddenly care about the impact of decisions made in this place, but where was their talk of impacts over the past 14 years?
In St Helens North,   81% of schools have had real-terms funding cuts since 2010—over £3 million in real terms, or £239 for every pupil.
Where was the consideration of impacts when the last Government cancelled Labour’s Building Schools for the Future programme and watched our state schools crumble?
Where was the talk of impacts when the last Government presided over a SEND system that is failing over 1 million children and that their own Education Secretary described as a “lose-lose-lose”?
Where was the concern for impacts when standards fell, which  they did?
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I am honoured to speak for the first time in this House as the Member of Parliament for Tipton, Wednesbury and Coseley.
I represent the village of Coseley in Dudley, as well as the towns of Tipton, Wednesbury and Hateley Heath in Sandwell.
In the last Parliament, Shaun Bailey was a tireless advocate for this special corner of the Black Country, and I wish him well as he resumes his legal studies.
Let me tell you about Tipton, Wednesbury and Coseley.
We are an industrial constituency, shaped by factories, foundries, mines and canals.
We have beautiful parks, laid out for the leisure of working people, and civic buildings of grace and gravitas, such as the grade II listed Tipton central library and the 16th-century St Bart’s in Wednesbury.
But more than anything, we have the people of the Black Country—creative, ingenious, hard-working and down to earth people like Thomas   Barratt.
Born in Coseley, he stopped the enemy advance and saved his patrol at Ypres.
He was a boilermaker, awarded the Victoria Cross posthumously at just 22.
The workers of Tube Town, the metal finishing capital of the world, went out on strike for two long months in 1913 for a decent wage.
They were backed all the way by their wives, heroes in their own right, who somehow kept 25,000 families fed amid near destitution.
They won.
I am proud to say that their union became my union, Unite.
Workers have come to the constituency from Ireland, the Caribbean, Bangladesh, Kashmir and Punjab; they left their homes to provide for their families, facing racism but prevailing, building churches, temples, mosques and gurdwaras, and seeing their children succeed.
We are a proud, working-class community.
Too often, people have stood in this place and talked our area down.
I will never.
Of course, the name “Black Country” is for the smoke of heavy industry; there has been coalmining, steel fabrication, metal finishing, and nail, brick and chain making.
We are where the industrial revolution started.
James Watt’s first steam engine hauled coal in Tipton, at the Bloomfield colliery.
Today, despite everything, a quarter of all workers in our area are still in manufacturing.
We may be the Black Country, but modern manufacturing is clean, high-skill and high-wage.