James Watt’s first steam engine hauled coal in Tipton, at the Bloomfield colliery.
Today, despite everything, a quarter of all workers in our area are still in manufacturing.
We may be the Black Country, but modern manufacturing is clean, high-skill and high-wage.
In Sandwell, 1,000 firms —with 21,000 jobs—make everything, from street furniture to hinges to locks to the precision metal forming for aeroplanes and power plants.
I am proud to wear the “Made in Britain” badge, and to back our new deal for working people.
If we are to have a new industrial revolution here in the UK as we meet the challenge of climate change, let us make it with our hands and our brains, in the place that was the crucible of the first industrial revolution, the Black Country.
I stand for no more and no less than this: prosperity for every family.
My friends at the TUC worked out that if wages had risen in the last decade by the amount by which they rose between 1997 and 2010, the average worker in my constituency would be £93 a week better off.
That is nearly five grand a year more in people’s pockets.
In the Black Country, we work hard, but forces bigger than any individual—deindustrialisation, Thatcherism, and the cruel austerity of these last 14 years —mean that good folk there earn less and have fewer chances and fewer choices than people elsewhere.
Fully half of our kids grow up below the poverty line, in infested B&Bs, in homes with damp dripping down the walls, or in flats made for two, but home to three times that.
For many, most weeks, the money stretches, just about—until the week when it does not.
I want to turn the thoughts of those in this House to the young people in my constituency, almost none of whom go to fee-paying schools.
Four in 10 kids in my constituency did not get grade 4 GCSE in maths and English last year.
That has to change, and we will change it.
As I stand here today, the obstacles to delivering prosperity, and more than that—comfort, security, leisure—to every worker and every family seem almost insurmountable, but we take heart from our history: from Ernie Bevin, who forged the working-class women and men of the UK into an industrial machine that, from a standing start, equipped our country for victory.
In my area, those in saucepan factories made grenades,  and car makers built the machines to defeat fascism.
That is a reminder that once we turn our minds to something, the ingenuity and drive of the British working class can rarely be equalled.
It is for us, here, to set  it free.
I will always stand against decline and for progress.
After all, I grew up in a world where people like me could not get married, but now our beloved daughter has both her mothers’ names on her birth certificate.
To believe in progress is to believe that once again this country can work for working people.
It is time, Madam Deputy Speaker, so my final words are to the people of our towns.
Tipton, Coseley, Wednesbury, Hateley Heath: I am here to serve you always.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What recent progress he has made on meeting his target to have a zero carbon electricity system by 2030.
What recent progress he has made on meeting his target to have a zero carbon electricity system by 2030.
In 12 weeks, this Government have hit the ground running for our 2030 target by ending the onshore wind ban in place for nine years under the Conservative party, consenting to more nationally significant solar projects than in 14 years of the last Government, and overseeing the most successful renewables auction in history compared with the Conservatives’ disastrous auction round that crashed offshore wind.