Yes, we have means-tested the winter fuel payment, but we have also been clear that we will do everything we can do to support vulnerable households.
That is why we have extended the take-up of pension credit and the household support fund, and we are working flat out with energy suppliers to provide additional support to all vulnerable households this winter.
I thank the Minister for her work.
Warm home prescriptions can target that support towards elderly people and those with underlying health conditions, saving our NHS as well as keeping people warm over the winter.
The pilot has shown real benefit.
Will she meet me to discuss that and other options to keep old people warm this winter?
We want to work with anyone who will help us reach vulnerable households.
I am very happy to meet my hon.
Friend to look at the full range of options available.
Ofgem’s review of standing charges options paper closed for submissions on  20 September .
Can the Minister offer any hope for bill payers in Scotland that they will stop being penalised with the highest standing charges on these islands?
When will we see lower charges?
We as a Government are committed to getting down standing charges.
Ofgem has consulted and will report back in due course.
What steps he is taking to introduce his warm homes plan.
What steps he is taking to introduce his warm homes plan.
What steps he is taking to introduce his warm homes plan.
We are running to deliver our warm homes plan, which will upgrade homes across the country to make them warmer and cheaper to run.
We will set out the full plan in the spring, but at the heart of it will be an offer of grants and low-interest loans to support families to invest in insulation, low-carbon heating and home improvements.
Critically, alongside that, we are committing to boosting minimum energy efficiency standards for private rented homes and social housing, to tackle fuel poverty.
I thank the Minister for her answer and for her commitment to the warm homes plan.
I congratulate her on the announcement over the conference recess to end the scandal of cold, draughty homes in the rental sector, which particularly affects people in my constituency in towns such as Haltwhistle, Throckley, Newburn, Hexham and elsewhere.
Does she agree that often the   very poorest in our communities are forced to live in those cold and draughty properties, and it is important that we cut bills and give those families energy security?
I agree.
One in four households in the private rented sector is in fuel poverty.
We need to bear down on bills.
Our commitment to improve and boost minimum energy efficiency standards will lift 1 million renters out of fuel poverty.
We are determined to do this alongside our bigger package to deliver clean power by 2030, which will drive down bills for everyone.
People across my constituency are worried about how they will afford to heat their homes this winter.
I was shocked to hear the former Energy Minister, now shadow Minister, admit that his Government should have gone “further and faster” on insulating homes, which will certainly help.
Does the Minister agree that this is an admission of failure by the previous Conservative Government, who have left working people to pay the price?
Can she reassure my constituents that this Government will do better?
I completely agree.
The legacy left to us by the last Government was woeful.
Ordinary people—families across the country—have paid the price of that legacy.
We are clear that we will do and must do better.
Our warm homes plan will kickstart the upgrades that we need across the country so that we can deliver warmer homes that are cleaner to heat.