What steps he is taking to increase grid capacity
We are halving the development time for new transmission infrastructure through reforms of planning, supply chains and other areas, delivering the grid capacity that is needed to achieve clean power by 2030 and meet a doubling of electricity demand by 2050.
Communities are doing their very best, and lots of people are trying to help each community to power itself.
My own village has its community solar project, which was fully funded by local residents.
There are non-profit organisations which have dealt with local schemes by putting solar panels on schools with an element of community ownership, and there are individuals who try but are faced with extortionate costs for connection to the grid.
The grid was really designed for big old power stations rather than smaller power creators trying to plonk power into the system.
What can the Minister  do to encourage National Grid to pivot, and help communities and individuals to create their energy nearer to their homes?
The hon.
Lady is right to draw attention to the importance of community energy projects throughout the country.
We want to see many more of them, but we have inherited a grid that needs significant upgrading, and we are now working apace to ensure that that happens.
Part of the work that I have been doing with National Grid and others involves trying to identify the next steps that are needed to shorten the connections queue, and also to make it more affordable for smaller community projects to connect.
There is an important role for partnership as well, with some of the bigger renewables projects giving part of their connections queues to smaller ones, and that is already happening in some parts of the country.
There is no doubt that there is much more to do, but we are, as I have said, working apace to try to move this forward after 14 years of inaction.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
As we have heard from my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wells and Mendip Hills (Tessa Munt) , the lack of national grid capacity is holding back the UK’s push towards renewable energy.
There are numerous examples of projects that have been delayed because they are waiting to be connected to the national grid, or because connection is too expensive.
In my constituency, we cannot even connect the solar panels and batteries for the ambitious plan to decarbonise and electrify the refuse fleet for South Cambridgeshire district council.
The projects that have been delayed include the building of new homes, which is crucial at present.
Can the Minister explain to us how we are to reach this stage on the scale and at the pace that is needed?
The hon.
Lady is right to highlight those issues.
The connections queue, in particular, is a huge challenge, with more than 700 GW waiting to join it.
The last Government did some work to establish how the queue could be prioritised, and we will now implement that, but we need to go further.
It is clear that by 2030 we will need to build four times as much new transmission network as has been built since 1990.
This is a project to rewire the entire country, to improve the current connections availability, and to work with everyone, including the new national energy systems operator, on the road map towards 2030.
What steps his Department is taking to increase clean electricity generation.
The latest contracts for difference round secured a record 131 renewable electricity projects across Great Britain.
This will deliver a total capacity of 9.6 GW, enough to power the equivalent of 11 million homes.
The Energy Secretary will continue to work with industry to explore how the contracts for difference scheme, and other energy policies, can be expanded even further.