The Prime Minister said at the United Nations General Assembly that we will be unveiling our nationally determined contribution—our target for 2035—at COP29.
We are doing that because the danger is that the world settles into a low-ambition equilibrium when  it comes to tackling these issues.
By having a 1.5º aligned target, we hope to set a good benchmark and a good example for the world.
The Climate Change Committee has said that there should be no more than a 25% increase in airport capacity, compared with 2018 levels, if we are to achieve net zero by 2050, yet current planned and recently approved airport expansions will allow for a 50% to 70% increase in demand.
Can the Secretary of State explain why Ministers in the Department for Transport are considering giving a green light to a third runway at Heathrow?
How on earth will that allow the country to meet its net zero targets?
The beauty of carbon budgets and the system that was introduced when I was last in government—to be fair, it was carried on by the previous Government of the past 14 years—is that they do at least in theory constrain what the Government do.
It is very important that we take carbon budgets seriously in our plans.
The plans we inherited from the last Government were way off track for meeting our carbon budgets, which is what this Government will do.
I very much welcome the Secretary of State to his place.
Climate change is real; it is not a myth.
The quicker that everyone understands that, the better.
Can I pose a question to the Secretary of State on rewilding?
There are some suggestions among experts that rewilding by planting trees on moor and heather might not be the most constructive way of utilising rewilding.
Has he had an opportunity to look at the issue of rewilding on moors and heather, which I understand that many experts think is detrimental?
I take the hon.
Gentleman seriously on these issues, and I undertake to write to him or to have one of the Ministers write to him.
I make the general point that rewilding and nature-based solutions are an essential part of tackling the climate crisis.
International trade deals are a great way of using our leverage to make sure we advance our agenda on things such as tackling climate change.
The previous Government let Britain down massively, conducting trade deals that let us down on farming, on food production and especially on climate change.
Will the Secretary of State ensure that this Government use the creation of new trade deals to advance our agenda on tackling climate change?
Yes, and that is something I am already discussing with my right hon.
Friend the Business Secretary.
I call the shadow Minister.
May I congratulate the Secretary of State on his appointment of Rachel Kyte as his climate envoy to support his work with international partners?
Before her appointment, did the Secretary of State declare to officials her links with Quadrature Capital, which donated £4 million to the Labour party?
Also, did he declare her links to the Green Initiative Foundation, which gave him £99,000?
A yes or no answer will suffice.
All the proper processes were followed by the Foreign Office, which was in charge of the appointment.
I have to say that this is a very sad reflection on the Conservative party.
Rachel Kyte is an esteemed person who is recognised for her leadership, and all the Conservatives can do is fling around baseless allegations.
What steps he is taking to help increase levels of onshore wind energy production.
After nine years of the disastrous, bill-raising ban on onshore wind in England, this Government overturned the ban in our first 72 hours in office.
We have also set up the onshore wind taskforce to restore the pipeline of projects destroyed by the last Government.