The Under-Secretary has said that he will meet Members of Parliament, but I ask him very politely whether he and representatives and Ministers from the Department will also meet members of the communities that are affected by this matter.
I know from the questions that I have received from the Opposition that the right hon.
Lady has been a tireless advocate on these issues.
I do understand the concerns of local communities about clean energy infrastructure, which is why I am so keen on the idea of community benefit.
It is important that communities receive benefit for hosting that infrastructure.
We must have a discussion about this matter in the House and across the country.
If we are to end our exposure to international fossil fuels and the kind of the cost of living crisis that we have seen over the past few years, which has devastated communities across Britain, this infrastructure does need to be built.
Last week’s announcement on carbon capture and hydrogen in my constituency demonstrates that we now have a Government of substance, not of hollow slogans.
What discussions have the Secretary of State and Ministers had with the trade unions to ensure that we build those facilities with unionised labour?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
After 14 years of failure and inaction, we now have a Government who believe in working with our trade unions, who have the backing of our trade unions, and who want to work to create good jobs in the industries of the future.
Our announcement on carbon capture, which was groundbreaking and world beating, will deliver just that.
The Institution of Civil Engineers has called for a spatial energy plan to utilise new and emerging technologies to facilitate future net zero infrastructure planning.
Will the Government look to bring forward a spatial energy plan and meet me to discuss that?
Yes, we will be bringing forward a spatial energy plan.
That is one of the responsibilities of the National Energy System Operator.
The hon.
Gentleman makes an important point: we need a plan for the system.
We can have a plan for the 2030 system done by the NESO and, indeed, a wider strategic spatial energy plan, which will be crucial for the country.
The warm homes plan is excellent and much needed in towns such as mine, but on warm homes grants for insulation, during recess I met a large number of constituents who had been victims of failed insulation and cowboy workmanship under such Government schemes.
Some are living in horrific conditions with useless warranties.
Is the Minister   aware of their plight?
Will she ensure that regulation is strong enough, and will she meet me and victims to make sure that this never happens again?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
We are aware of those cases of bad insulation and we are clear that we need to get a firmer grip on them.
To persuade everyone that we should be insulating and upgrading all of our homes, we need the highest standard possible.
I agree to meet him to discuss this matter further.
In my constituency, a new solar farm at Barkham is being delivered that will provide clean energy for more than 4,000 homes and provide a funding boost for Wokingham borough council.
It will be connected in 2026, but there were concerns   that connection to the grid could be delayed by 11 years.
What steps will the Minister take to reduce similar delays, and does he think that the Government can meet their net zero targets if the new renewable energy infrastructure cannot be quickly connected to the grid?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question.
A similar point has been raised by many hon.
Members across the House.
This issue affects areas right across the country.