The latest contracts for difference round secured a record 131 renewable electricity projects across Great Britain.
This will deliver a total capacity of 9.6 GW, enough to power the equivalent of 11 million homes.
The Energy Secretary will continue to work with industry to explore how the contracts for difference scheme, and other energy policies, can be expanded even further.
I commend the Secretary of State for his excellent work since he took office in accelerating clean electricity generation in the UK, and I commend the fantastic team he has with him.
The Minister is right to say that there is a clean energy imperative if we are to tackle the climate crisis, boost our energy security and reduce our bills.
What steps has the Minister taken to ensure that this Government encourage and take advantage of the significant opportunity around community energy, and will he meet me and representatives from my constituency of Sheffield Central to discuss how we can boost the growth of community energy?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question.
She is absolutely right to say that, in order  for us to meet our 2030 ambitions, we will need a whole range of different options.
Community energy is a critical part of that, helping to deliver energy security and lower bills.
Crucially, it also gives communities a stake in the energy future.
That is why one of Great British Energy’s five objectives is to support the delivery of a local power plan, which puts local communities, combined authorities, local authorities and others in the driving seat in restructuring our energy economy.
I am happy to meet my hon.
Friend and others to discuss this issue further.
Contrary to what one of the Ministers said earlier, the last Government brought about one of the largest revivals in nuclear energy in 70 years in order to provide clean electricity generation, yet we hear precious little from the new Government on their plans for nuclear; we hear only their plans for inefficient technology that will destroy the countryside.
Why are they so anti-nuclear, and when are they going to get on with delivering nuclear energy?
I will give credit to the Conservative Government on one thing: they were very good at making grand announcements.
On delivery, however, they were much poorer.
Looking at a whole range of things—carbon capture being a very good example—they had lots of warm words but no delivery whatsoever.
On nuclear, they had lots of warm words but no delivery whatsoever.
In 14 years, how many nuclear power stations were built under the Conservative party?
None.
We will get on with doing the work.
If we want to see an increase in clean energy generation, we need more announcements such as the one we saw last week on the development of carbon capture, usage and storage.
Although that is incredibly welcome and a sign of determined action from the new Government, there is still more to be done.
Perhaps the Minister can give an indication of when he anticipates he will be able to announce progress on track 1 extension, and share some information on track 2, because that would secure thousands of jobs in the Humber region.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to say that in the three and a bit months that we have been in government we have moved at pace to deliver the largest renewables auction in history and to make last week’s announcement on carbon capture.
We are  working through the next stages of the process at pace, and we will have further announcements in the weeks ahead.
Does the Minister agree that it would be better to have the right electricity system in 2032 or 2035 than to have the wrong one because of an artificial target, which may be undeliverable by 2030?
I could be wrong, but I think the right hon.