Madam Deputy Speaker, it is a genuine honour to address you and the House today.
It is a privilege not just to represent the Derbyshire Dales, but even to be there, because it is truly an area of outstanding natural beauty—known to many hon.
Members, I am sure, because it is a destination for millions.
But its great appeal also presents a problem, particularly for younger people who are looking for housing.
The little house building that takes place is more or less matched by the number of properties lost to second homes, holiday lets and Airbnbs.
That results in the highest house prices in the region, which puts houses out of the reach of many young people; they end up moving to other areas to find more affordable housing.
That in turn means fewer young families, fewer children, and schools with falling numbers on roll.
Small businesses, including farms, pubs and restaurants, suffer as well, as they struggle to get staff due to the lack of affordable accommodation nearby.
It is vital that we address this housing crisis.
I pay tribute to my predecessor, Sarah Dines, who stood up for the farming community in the dales—something that I very much hope to continue.
I have had the pleasure of meeting her predecessor, Lord Patrick McLoughlin, who is in the other place, and I hope to benefit from his vast experience of the constituency.
The main industries in the dales are, unsurprisingly, tourism, leisure and hospitality, quarrying and agriculture.
I am hopeful that the new Government can secure a veterinary agreement with the European Union to give our struggling farmers a boost.
I have spent much of my first few weeks in the role speaking to farmers to try to understand what the key issues are for them.
Food security in an increasingly unstable world must be a high priority.
The dales have great historical significance.
According to the Anglo-Saxon chronicles, in the 10th century, the northern kings met Edward the Elder at the Bakewell burh and chose him as father and lord, effectively creating the entity that we call England.
Arkwright’s mill at Cromford is the birthplace of mass production, and of course it was powered by renewable energy.
I recently met the Arkwright Society, which is restoring the site for the benefit of future generations and doing a great job.
I also recently met Jamie Needle, who has taken on Masson mill, another of Arkwright’s mills.
He  is also concerned with the delivery of hydroelectric power from the Derwent—what goes around comes around.
Stone from Derbyshire quarries was used in the reconstruction of Parliament in the 19th century, and the founder of modern nursing, Florence Nightingale, lived in the constituency, at the family residence at Lea Hurst.
She said:
“Nursing is a progressive art such that to stand still is to go backwards.”
Today’s health service is barely standing still.
We need to reduce the waiting lists, and to get 3 million working-age people back to work as soon as possible.
I know from my time as the Mayor of Derby that so much of the good being done daily never makes the headlines; good deeds do not appear to sell newspapers or attract advertising.
But in my few weeks in this role, I have already met some remarkable people and organisations who are making a difference in the constituency and further afield.
Aquabox is a Cromford charity with over 80 volunteers who supply clean water solutions to people in disaster zones.
Terry Eckersley at River Network provides social housing and a second chance to people in need.
Bakewell Youth Theatre has been led and inspired by Sue Stones for 46 years.
I appreciate that this is on a different scale, but Chatsworth House, no less, has given invaluable opportunities to children and young people in the area by having a “takeover” day at the world-famous stately home.