Of course, that work is ongoing—in fact, I think the right hon.
Lady the shadow Secretary of State has written me a letter about it—and we will be announcing our plans in due course.
In my constituency, two major offshore wind farms are currently being developed: Morgan and Morecambe.
I recently met nearly 100 farmers who will be directly affected by the cabling corridor and the substation plans for the cabling route to connect to Penwortham.
I am working with  the hon.
Member for Blackpool North and Fleetwood (Lorraine Beavers)  on a potentially better route through her constituency, which would mean a major economic development revitalising an industrial area that has been looking for a major energy project for some time.
We are jointly writing to the Secretary of State, and may I ask if he would commit to working with us on at least assessing that potentially alternative route for the cabling corridor?
The hon.
Gentleman—and he knows this—will obviously want to stand up for what he sees as the best benefits for his constituency.
I will be cautious about what I say, because there are proper procedures for planning decisions, including my quasi-judicial role.
I will make this general point to the House, because I  think this may well be a recurring theme during questions, but if we want to get off the dangerous exposure to international fossil fuel markets, which we were left with by the last Government, we need to build the grid.
Every solar panel we put up, every wind turbine we put up and every piece of grid we build will help to deliver energy security for the British people.
I call the shadow Minister.
Not only is the Secretary of State a very good looking fellow, but we in this House all know that he is an incredibly hard-working and very open Minister, as indeed are his whole team.
So I know that the reason he has not replied to my letter of  11 September  is that he and his team will be working their socks off to get a full and open answer to all my questions.
He has already made reference to one of my colleagues and said that he will produce “in due course” a full systems cost analysis.
May I stress that it is incredibly important that we in this House have that systems cost analysis as soon as possible, so that not only can we analyse his ambitious plans for carbon-neutral targets, but we can also explain to our constituents exactly how much it will cost them in their bills to deliver his target?
Let me tell the hon.
Gentleman a little about the situation that we inherited from the last Government, because it is very relevant—obviously, he was not a Minister in that last Government.
We inherited a situation where there was no plan: no plan for their target of 95% clean power by 2030, no plan for their target of clean power by 2035, and no plan to avoid a repeat of the worst cost of living crisis in generations.
This Government are developing a plan and will publish it in due course.
What steps he is taking with his international counterparts to tackle climate change.
What steps he is taking with his international counterparts to tackle climate change.
What steps he is taking with his international counterparts to tackle climate change.
This Government believe that we can only ensure climate security for further generations in the UK if we lead globally.
That was the message of the Prime Minister at the United Nations General Assembly with our world-leading 2030 clean power plan, no new oil and gas licences, and playing our part in reforming the global financial system.
Next month I will be attending the COP29 talks in Azerbaijan to stand up for Britain’s interests.