What steps he is taking to help increase levels of onshore wind energy production.
After nine years of the disastrous, bill-raising ban on onshore wind in England, this Government overturned the ban in our first 72 hours in office.
We have also set up the onshore wind taskforce to restore the pipeline of projects destroyed by the last Government.
In the recent renewables auction, almost 1 GW of onshore wind was secured at prices that make it among the lowest-cost power sources to build and operate.
When will the Secretary of State bring forward proposals for community benefit for those living alongside wind and solar farms to greater incentivise the permitting of wind and solar farms, including Ham solar farm in my constituency?
Will that include a minimum level of compensation for the communities affected?
I am sympathetic to what the hon.
Gentleman says.
We are working on proposals on community benefit.
I believe that when communities host clean energy infrastructure, they should automatically get benefit from it.
I am also sympathetic to what he said about minimum levels of support.
We are discussing that with industry at the moment and will come forward with proposals soon.
What steps he is taking to improve energy security.
The energy shocks of recent years have laid bare the exposure of our energy system to the international fossil fuel market.
That is why we have started a mission to reach clean power by 2030, to end that reliance and ensure that the British people never again go through the sort of cost of living crisis that they have faced in recent years under the Conservatives.
People across Hendon have paid the price for the previous Government’s failure over the last 14 years to invest in our energy system.
Does the Minister agree that the only way to get us off the rollercoaster of high bills is to invest at pace and scale, as the Government are doing through our clean energy mission?
I completely agree.
The only way to permanently protect hard-working families and businesses from the high energy bills from which many are still  suffering is to get ourselves off our reliance on the volatile fossil fuel markets.
That is why we are rolling out at pace and at scale the clean power necessary to do so, which not only gives us energy security but creates good jobs, brings down bills and helps us to tackle the climate crisis.
The Secretary of State will be aware that 25% of the UK is situated on top of coalmines, which can provide geothermal energy to heat houses and businesses in places like Ashfield.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how we can make that work in coalfield communities?
I very much welcome the hon.
Gentleman’s question—which I must say is somewhat of a surprise.
I will absolutely meet him to discuss that.
We have been clear that any technologies can be part of the solution and, if that can be part of the picture, I will meet him to discuss the options and the technology more generally.
One of the ways in which we can increase energy security is through community-owned and co-operative energy schemes.
They give greater control to local people, who get a say in where profits go, and crucially they build resilience from international energy markets.
Will the Minister say a bit more about where community-owned energy will fit into the energy security plan?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that incredibly important question.
Community energy has so many benefits in our energy mix, including giving communities a stake in our energy future.
We also know that there are many social and economic benefits that come from that.
We are committed to our local power plan, which will deliver investment in community-owned projects.
Great British Energy will have a key role to play in supporting communities, capacity building and in that initial funding to help them deliver these projects.