A similar point has been raised by many hon.
Members across the House.
This issue affects areas right across the country.
We are doing what we can at the moment to prioritise the connections queue, so that the most important projects, or those most able to be delivered, can move forward.
There is much more that we can do on that, but, fundamentally, we need to build much more network infrastructure in the first place so that we can speed up and reduce the cost of these connections for schemes such as the one he mentions.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
I am concerned that the Government have not always been consistent with the explanations that they have given of their policy in relation to arms exports to Israel.
In particular, some of the explanations that Ministers have given in this House are inconsistent with accounts that have been given elsewhere, including in the other place.
My noble friend Lord Howard is also pursuing this matter in the other place.
This is a critical foreign policy matter involving a close ally.
Mr Speaker, have you had any indication that the Foreign Secretary intends to come to the House to make a statement on this matter and to clear up any misunderstanding that might have arisen as a result of discrepancies between what we have been told and what Ministers have said elsewhere?
I am grateful to the right hon.
Member for giving notice of that point of order.
As he well knows, the Chair is not responsible for the accuracy of ministerial remarks, either in this House or elsewhere; but I am sure that those on the Treasury Bench will have noted his comments, and I am sure they have been taken on board.
I do not think we have heard the end of this yet, so I am sure, as I know the right hon.
Member well, that the Opposition will not give up at this stage.
I beg to move,
That this House regrets that the Government has decided to impose VAT on independent school fees; believes that educational provision should not be taxed; regrets that the Government is rushing to implement this change part-way through an academic year; calls on the Government to exempt from the VAT charge fees paid in respect of children of military and diplomatic families, all children who have an Education, Health and Care Plan, or who are in the process of applying for one, all children on SEN support, Centres for Advanced Training and schools in the Music and Dance Scheme, all children at schools whose fees are lower than the average per capita funding for a state school place, and children at religious schools of denominations for whom there is no faith school provision in the state sector; further calls on the Government to postpone imposition of the VAT charge for schools in areas where state schools in the relevant key stage are already on average over 95% full; also calls on the Government to postpone imposition of the VAT charge for fees paid in respect of children who have started a public examination course, to September 2025 for pupils currently in Year 11 or Year 13, and to September 2026 for pupils currently in Year 10 or Year 12; and calls on the Government to publish a full impact assessment of the effects  of this policy on independent schools and the state sector ahead of the Budget.
There are 85 days to go until the introduction of Labour’s education tax, and we are still in the dark.
Many questions remain for parents, for children and for schools—when I say “schools”, that is both independent schools and state schools—and also for the local authorities that are responsible for special educational needs provision and generally for ensuring that everyone can get a place at school.
This is a huge change, which is being made in a headlong rush.