We are  working through the next stages of the process at pace, and we will have further announcements in the weeks ahead.
Does the Minister agree that it would be better to have the right electricity system in 2032 or 2035 than to have the wrong one because of an artificial target, which may be undeliverable by 2030?
I could be wrong, but I think the right hon.
Gentleman previously said that his own Government’s plans on onshore wind in England were not the right approach to take.
I agree with him, which is why we lifted the onshore wind ban.
The reality is that whereas the previous Government used to talk the talk on climate action, we are the ones now delivering—and delivering an energy system fit for the future.
I call the shadow Minister.
One way to increase clean electricity generation in the United Kingdom would be to invest at pace in new nuclear.
We left government with a clear plan to get to 24 GW of nuclear power by 2050.
Does that target remain?
This is the whole point about the Conservative Government, and it is why we have inherited such an economic mess: they made a series of announcements, with absolutely no funding to back them up.
As you would expect, Mr Speaker, I pay close attention to the Conservative party conferences, and the hon.
Gentleman made a very astute point, which I am happy to repeat for the benefit of Hansard and the House: “After 14 years of Conservative Government, we are now in a position where it’s more difficult to build critical infrastructure than it was when we came into power”.
I could not have put it better myself.
Our record on nuclear speaks for itself.
We launched the small modular down-selection process and Great British Nuclear, and invested £200 million in new advanced nuclear fuels.
We consulted on a new route to market for advanced modular reactors and new technologies, and granted a development consent order for Sizewell C. There is concern that there is a go-slow in the Government right now, so when can we expect a final investment decision on Sizewell C?
Will it still  be this year?
I was not aware when my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State changed the titles of the ministerial portfolios that we had moved away from having a Minister for consultation, but it seems that all the hon.
Gentleman was doing in his time in office was launching consultations.
We are going to get on with delivering and we are moving at pace on the whole of the electricity system, including on nuclear, and delivering on the things that he failed to do.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
As well as our measures on onshore wind, solar and renewables, this Government have begun legislating for Great British Energy and setting out our plan for proper standards for private and social renters to take 1 million families out of fuel poverty, and on Friday we announced deals to kick-start Britain’s carbon capture industry.
All of this will deliver our mission to make Britain a clean energy superpower.
It is right for bills, right for energy security, right for jobs and right for climate leadership.
I welcome the actions outlined by my right hon.
Friend, particularly the recent announcement that GB Energy will be headquartered in Aberdeen, with satellite offices in Edinburgh and Glasgow.
Can he outline the role that he expects the satellite offices to take?
Given the investment already under way in the port of Leith for a number of renewable companies, as well as the prospects for the supply chain and manufacturing, will he consider Leith as the location for the Edinburgh site?
My hon.