Can he outline the role that he expects the satellite offices to take?
Given the investment already under way in the port of Leith for a number of renewable companies, as well as the prospects for the supply chain and manufacturing, will he consider Leith as the location for the Edinburgh site?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to draw attention to our announcement on Aberdeen as the headquarters of Great British Energy and the important role that it will play, and also to the importance of the satellite offices.
I know from my visit to her constituency of the huge potential of her area on these issues, and we want to drive jobs throughout the supply chain through Great British Energy.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
The Secretary of State promised in the general election to cut everyone’s bills by £300 by 2030—a pledge he will not repeat now that he is in office.
In fact, one of his first acts has been to snatch the same amount away from millions of pensioners in poverty.
The right hon.
Gentleman likes to preach, to politicise and, dare I say it, to patronise, but I have one simple question for him.
To the millions of pensioners who are worried about their heating bills this Christmas, will he apologise?
The people who should be apologising are the last Government, who left this country in a total mess—a £22 billion black hole.
I have to say to the right hon.
Lady that she does have a brass neck.
She said  of  the right hon.
Member for North West Essex (Mrs Badenoch) , whom she is backing in the leadership contest, that she “tells the truth”, and what did the right hon.
Member for North West Essex say?
She said:
“I have people in my constituency telling me that they don’t need the winter fuel payments…Why do we not have a…mechanism for means-testing?”
That is her position.
There we have it: no apology; no recognition that it is the right hon.
Gentleman’s Government’s decisions that are going to leave pensioners in the cold this winter.
He has to acknowledge this: from the trade unions to the CBI, from blue Labour to Blairites and from the left to the right of his party, people are sounding the alarm that his ideological approach will see jobs lost and bills go through the roof.
Even his old pal Ed Balls does not think that GB Energy is going  to deliver the green transition, and I read this morning that the Prime Minister’s brand-new chief of staff is a sceptic of the Secretary of State’s approach.
The Secretary of State is increasingly isolated in his party, so when will he do the decent thing and set out the full systems cost of his approach, so that the British public can see what he is going to do to their bills?
Oh dear, oh dear.
The truth is that after three months of this Government, people have breathed a sigh of relief that there is finally a Government with a plan for the country. [
Interruption.]
I think the right hon.
Lady should listen to what her own ministerial team has been saying about her.
The former networks Minister has said that their infrastructure approach is hopeless.
The former Energy Minister says that the onshore wind ban was “always mad”, and Lord Callanan said that the right hon.
Lady had kicked the solar consents “into the long grass”.
If I were her, I would be hoping for just one thing from the next Tory leader: a shadow Cabinet reshuffle.
Grid capacity and the slow speed of new connections is a major issue in west London.
It is holding back house building, and it is holding back businesses exciting new green businesses such as Allye Energy in my constituency.
The Conservatives did absolutely nothing in 14 years to tackle the issue.
What is my right hon.