We also know that there are many social and economic benefits that come from that.
We are committed to our local power plan, which will deliver investment in community-owned projects.
Great British Energy will have a key role to play in supporting communities, capacity building and in that initial funding to help them deliver these projects.
Could I invite the Minister to meet a cross-party group of MPs from the east of England to discuss how the review conducted by the electricity system operator can contribute to energy security and in particular to look at how undergrounding high voltage direct current cables could be cheaper in the long term than pylons and more efficient for achieving net zero?
Will he agree at least to have a meeting with us on that basis?
I am always happy to have meetings with any right hon.
and hon.
Members across the House on a range of issues, so I will take that away.
The evidence suggests that undergrounding is five to 10 times more expensive and that actually it can have more of a damaging impact on nature and natural habitats than pylons.
The important thing with all of this is that this is nationally important structure, which is necessary for us to get to the targets that we want to get to.
I know that the hon.
Gentleman takes that seriously, and I will meet him and others, but we have been clear as a Government that we will build this infrastructure if it is necessary.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of Great British Energy on job creation in industrial communities.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of Great British Energy on job creation in industrial communities.
The Government have two key missions: to become an energy superpower, and to grow the economy.
Great British Energy will help us deliver on both those missions.
The Under-Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Rutherglen (Michael Shanks) , will be taking the Great British Energy Bill through Committee today, and I am excited for the job creation potential in our industrial communities.
From engineers to welders, and from electricians to project managers, Great British Energy will be powered by people across all the nations and regions of this great country.
I welcome the Minister’s response and last week’s fantastic announcement about track 1 carbon capture investment in Teesside.
Teesside has extraordinary potential for green jobs, whether in sustainable aviation fuel with Alfanar or in carbon capture, hydrogen and so much else.
Does the Minister agree that only with Labour’s plan for clean power by 2030, Great British Energy and our national wealth fund can we create well-paid long-term jobs in the industries of the future?
I agree with my hon.
Friend, and I thank him for his support.
I doubt anybody would disagree with him on the benefits of our announcements on carbon capture and storage, which will create 4,000 jobs in the short term, with carbon capture more broadly creating up to 50,000 jobs over the next decade or so. [
Interruption.]
The Opposition Front Benchers chuckle, but I wonder whether, instead of dismissing that number of jobs, they might welcome them alongside Government Members.
Alongside carbon capture, Great British Energy, our national wealth fund and our British jobs bonus, we are putting in place the levers to encourage growth across our country, and the Climate Change Committee estimates that up to 725,000 net new jobs could be created in low-carbon sectors by 2030.
Does the Minister agree that GB Energy is a fantastic opportunity for Wolverhampton North East to capitalise on the opportunities for research and start-ups on our forthcoming green innovation corridor and to put Wolverhampton North East back where we belong: at the heart of industrial growth and British industry?
I agree with my hon.
Friend: it is a fantastic opportunity.