It is holding back house building, and it is holding back businesses exciting new green businesses such as Allye Energy in my constituency.
The Conservatives did absolutely nothing in 14 years to tackle the issue.
What is my right hon.
Friend’s strategy, and will he meet me and local businesses to discuss how we can tackle this issue together and meet our missions around growth and good clean energy?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to say that that issue is holding back projects across the country, which is why we have tackled it from day one.
We are attempting to release network capacity, which can then be reallocated to accelerate the connection of viable projects.
There is a lot of work to do, and we are building on what the previous Government did to prioritise the queue and to build the necessary infrastructure that should have been built over the past 14 years.
Does the Secretary of State accept that the only way we will both meet our net zero targets and keep energy bills down is by pressing ahead with a new generation of nuclear power stations?
Will he therefore accelerate existing projects such as Hinkley Point and Sizewell C, and press ahead with small modular reactor and advanced modular reactor technology?
I agree with the right hon.
Gentleman.
Nuclear is an essential part of the energy mix.
We are mainly going to have a renewable system, but nuclear is an essential accompaniment.
I fully support all the projects he mentions.
The previous Minister of State for Energy Security and Net Zero has admitted that the last Government could have gone further and faster on insulating homes, but said that he would wait to see how the new Government tackle the issue.
When it comes to insulating millions  more homes across the country and reducing bills for millions of families, will we simply take a “wait and see” approach?
Whether it is our ending of the onshore wind ban, the CCUS funding we announced last week, our plans for Great British Energy or our warm homes plan, we are hitting the ground running to deliver our clean power mission.
The Conservatives spent 14 years dithering and delaying, leaving ordinary people to pay the price, but we will get on with the job of delivering energy security so that we can secure financial security for families, good jobs and climate action.
To achieve net zero, we will need widespread micro-generation alongside large-scale projects.
However, as a local farmer who wanted to install an anaerobic digester told me, grid connections are both costly and subject to long delays.
What does the Secretary of State plan to do to address these issues, particularly in rural areas such as my Thornbury and Yate constituency?
The hon.
Lady raises a question about the problems of grid connection that is familiar to many Members.
We are building on work done by Nick Winser, the former electricity networks commissioner, and we want to go further to tackle the problem of grid connections once and for all.
The great turbines of the Rampion wind farm are off my beautiful coastal constituency.
Although the UK has done well on offshore generation, the jobs in this sector have not always been here in the UK.
What plans do the Government have to expand offshore wind, and to ensure that UK workers and supply chains benefit from that expansion?
My hon.
Friend asks an important question.
Of course, we and the Opposition have fundamentally different views.
We believe in an industrial strategy that will help to deliver our supply chains.
We believe in Great British Energy, and we believe in a sovereign wealth fund, which so many other countries have and the previous Government failed to deliver.
We will make sure we have resilient supply chains that create jobs, deliver energy security and maximise the economic benefits of the transition.