This Government believe that we can only ensure climate security for further generations in the UK if we lead globally.
That was the message of the Prime Minister at the United Nations General Assembly with our world-leading 2030 clean power plan, no new oil and gas licences, and playing our part in reforming the global financial system.
Next month I will be attending the COP29 talks in Azerbaijan to stand up for Britain’s interests.
It is brilliant to see the Secretary of State commit to putting climate diplomacy back at the heart of Cabinet, and I know he will bring a great amount of experience to that role.
Sir David Attenborough  has repeatedly warned that our planet hangs in the balance, so will my right hon.
Friend explain to the House what he will do to ensure that Britain is once again a main player on the world stage in tackling the climate emergency?
Will he meet me and representatives from my constituency of Paisley and Renfrewshire South to discuss the work that they are doing on rewilding, in an effort to play their part in tackling the climate emergency?
It sounds like my hon.
Friend’s constituents are doing important work.
She is absolutely right.
The last Government used to say that we have only 1% of global emissions, as if that was a sort of excuse for inaction on the world stage.
We see it differently.
We see that only by leading at home can we provide the platform to lead internationally.
This Government have in a few short months put Britian back on the world stage on climate, and we will be working with our best endeavours to ensure that we tackle the situation we have inherited—I am afraid the world is miles off track for keeping global warming to 1.5°.
I call Chris Vince.
Thank you Mr Speaker—I’ve done the training.
I welcome the Secretary of State’s warm words about our leadership on international climate issues, which is in stark contrast to the previous Government’s failings.
I also publicly welcome his recent visit to Harlow college—less said about the racing game, which he won, the better.
Does he agree that it is only thanks to the commitment shown by the new Government to drastically deliver on climate change issues that we can lead on a world stage?
Neatly done, although it was a little long.
Come on Secretary of State.
My hon.
Friend did very well, and I agree with him.
Part of the problem with the last Government—I do not doubt that there were people making good endeavours—is that when we do something different at home to what we preach internationally, such as say we are going to power past coal by opening a new coalmine, people say, “Well, you are saying one thing and doing another.”
Consistency is the absolute foundation for global leadership.
I welcome the Secretary of State’s commitment to our international obligations, whether that is clean power lines or our own strong domestic climate policies that will help areas such as Rochdale, with billpayers in recent years facing the grim possibility of high bills.
This will make a huge difference, and the obvious comparison with the previous Government is there for everyone to see.
Will he outline to the House what further steps he is taking on the global stage at both COP29 and COP30 to increase our global reach on climate?
I will say one thing in particular to my hon.
Friend.
The Prime Minister said at the United Nations General Assembly that we will be unveiling our nationally determined contribution—our target for 2035—at COP29.
We are doing that because the danger is that the world settles into a low-ambition equilibrium when  it comes to tackling these issues.
By having a 1.5º aligned target, we hope to set a good benchmark and a good example for the world.