The Secretary of State was asked—
What recent progress he has made on meeting his target to have a zero carbon electricity system by 2030.
What recent progress he has made on meeting his target to have a zero carbon electricity system by 2030.
In 12 weeks, this Government have hit the ground running for our 2030 target by ending the onshore wind ban in place for nine years under the Conservative party, consenting to more nationally significant solar projects than in 14 years of the last Government, and overseeing the most successful renewables auction in history compared with the Conservatives’ disastrous auction round that crashed offshore wind.
This is a Government in a hurry to meet our mandate from the British people, and we are just getting started.
I thank the Secretary of State for his really rapid action to reach our 100% sustainable goals by 2030.
It has developed a real excitement in this country, and the people I speak to are genuinely behind this action.
In Stroud, we are developing a community energy programme of putting solar panels on every school and public building that agrees to it.
What steps is he taking to support solar on schools and public buildings, and can he ensure there are no barriers to progress?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right about the importance of both rooftop solar and ground-mounted solar.
I can tell him that, as part of Great British Energy’s plans, we want to work with local schools, local hospitals and, indeed, local leaders to have a solar panels programme, because this is a way to rapidly decarbonise and to save money off bills.
I thank the Secretary of State for that answer.
Cantonian high school in my constituency of Cardiff West will be the first Cardiff school to be  operationally net zero in line with Welsh Government standards, while the building work itself will feature a significant reduction in embodied carbon.
Fairwater community campus will be a collection of highly energy-efficient buildings that are powered from renewable energy sources, helping Cardiff to deliver on its One Planet strategy, which outlines the city’s ambition to mitigate climate change.
Will the Secretary of State join me in celebrating the development, and agree with me that this sort of collaborative vision is required to deliver on our net zero commitments both here and in Wales?
Order.
Just to help everybody, the hon.
Gentleman is meant to go through the Chair, but he was looking at the Secretary of State.
As good looking as the Secretary of State is, it is easier if the hon.
Gentleman speaks to me, and then I can pick up what he says.
Thank you very much, Mr Speaker—and you, too, if I may say so. [
Laughter.]
I congratulate my hon.
Friend, but particularly the Fairwater community campus on the work it is doing.
I think he highlights a very important issue.
By helping to decarbonise public buildings, including schools, we help not only to cut our carbon emissions, but, crucially, to save money for those schools that they can then use for frontline services.
The previous Secretary of State commissioned the Department to produce a full economic costing for getting to a fully decarbonised renewables-based grid by 2030, as the Secretary of State wants.
That is obviously the sort of information that should be placed before the House so that we can have an informed discussion.
It may be a good thing to do, but we should obviously know what the cost is.
When will the Secretary of State publish that information?
Of course, that work is ongoing—in fact, I think the right hon.
Lady the shadow Secretary of State has written me a letter about it—and we will be announcing our plans in due course.
In my constituency, two major offshore wind farms are currently being developed: Morgan and Morecambe.