Terry Eckersley at River Network provides social housing and a second chance to people in need.
Bakewell Youth Theatre has been led and inspired by Sue Stones for 46 years.
I appreciate that this is on a different scale, but Chatsworth House, no less, has given invaluable opportunities to children and young people in the area by having a “takeover” day at the world-famous stately home.
I must mention Ben Woodroffe, our world champion toe wrestler—yes, it’s  a thing.
As well as being a great bloke and a champion, he has raised valuable funds for the mental health charity Mind.
I hope the days of having a reasonable expectation that one’s children will do well in life are not over, but they seem at least to be on pause.
A lack of housing, a reduction in opportunity due to political decision making, unrestrained social media and a climate crisis mean that my children are entering adulthood with much greater uncertainty than I did.
As a foster carer of teenage children for 24 years, I know how tough things are for young people in general, but they are much harder for young people leaving care now than they were just a few years ago.
Local authorities are running on fumes, so the support has diminished, and unfortunately the prejudice against care-experienced young people still persists.
The new Government must work towards fixing the broken children’s social care market, address the lack of placement sufficiency, and end the profiteering from vulnerable children that is driving our local authorities to the brink of bankruptcy.
I did not even bother to check with the Commons Library, but I am very sure that I am the first former singer of a progressive metal band to be elected to this House.
Although my gigging days are behind me, I think, I am extremely pleased that the Labour Government will seek a deal with the EU to help our touring acts, who suffer no end of red tape when trying to get to the continent to ply their trade.
The UK music industry has been an enormous success story over many decades and we need to support all of it—not just the multimillion selling acts, but the ones playing to a couple of hundred people, who will hopefully be tomorrow’s multimillion selling acts.
During my campaign, I was struck by the sheer number of constituents whose No.
1 priority for an incoming Government was either the climate or nature,  so I feel empowered to say that as influencers and makers of law, we have a duty to think not just in the short term and until the next election, but about those who have not even been born yet, and to leave behind a habitable planet.
I was particularly proud to campaign under a banner of public service—service to our constituents and the nation.
Country first, party second.
We are here not for the status, but for the people who elected us.
I will try to keep reminding myself of that.
We must deliver on our commitments, but we must also treat the staff here, the staff working in our offices, our colleagues in local government and in the civil service and our constituents with the respect that they deserve.
If we can do that, we will move this great bastion of democracy a little closer to the people it serves.
I am delighted to take part in this debate, as I am always grateful for the opportunity to praise and defend our public services, particularly our state schools, and the millions of people, including the vast majority of my constituents, who rely on them.
The Opposition motion
“regrets that the Government has decided to impose VAT on independent school fees”.
Well, I regret that the last Tory Government did all they could to deliberately and carefully dismantle, defund and destroy our public services, including state schools, for 14 years—[Interruption.]