The policy will just deliver more of the unknown.
My hon.
Friend makes a very good point.
rose—
I will take one more intervention before making progress, so as not to try your patience too much, Mr Speaker.
It is not that my patience is being tested, but I do worry when shadow Secretaries of States cover a subject at length.
I understand, but we need to get on, because lots of Back Benchers are desperate to get in.
In fact, we have a very eager Opposition Whip coming in now.
You will find out, Mr Speaker, that I will not test your patience.
I want to take my right hon.
Friend back to the point he made about the Education Secretary’s tweet, which I thought was disgraceful. [
Hon.
Members: “Where is she?”]
The divisive language behind that tweet was a disgrace, given the many independent schools that work hard and play by the rules.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that the embossed notepaper that the Secretary of State focused on is sent to many children who are being sponsored through bursaries or scholarships, and whose parents work hard to give their children the best education?
The Education Secretary should apologise for that disgraceful tweet.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend, who, as ever, makes important points.
I too am disappointed that the Education Secretary is not with us for this important debate.
I will make progress, Mr Speaker, because I do not want to go on longer than I should.
To be clear, we want to talk first and foremost not about revenue, but about education, schools and children—all children. [
Interruption.]
No, I have been talking about schools and children throughout.
If the Government insist on ploughing on with this divisive policy, they must at least exempt certain groups of children for whom it would be especially unjust or counterproductive to impose this tax.
Surely, schools that charge the same as, or even less than, the average cost of a school place were not in the Government’s sights when they devised this scheme.
There are small religious groups that have no state sector provision for their denomination.
Why should they be disadvantaged?
The continuity of education allowance exists expressly to support families who are serving our nation in the armed forces.
Surely they should be protected.
The Government acknowledge the role of centres of advanced training and performing arts schools that come under the music and dance scheme, because, again, there is no equivalent specialist schooling available in the state sector.
Then there are the many children who receive special educational needs support, including those with an education, health and care plan, whether or not they are at the school named in the plan, and those children who are applying for a plan.
rose—
I ask my hon.
Friend to forgive me, as I must make progress.
As for children whose parents are priced out of a school, or face its closure, disruption to learning can be difficult at any time, but it is even more problematic when pupils have started a public examination course.
Their next school might not even offer the subjects that they were taking, or the exams might not be marked by the same exam board.
We need to think about those children.
The tax levy should be postponed until pupils who are now in years 10 or 11, or in the lower and upper sixth form, have finished their exams—until 2025 or 2026.
The widest impact of all will be felt by state schools.
Ministers have said repeatedly that there is no problem because there are plenty of spaces in state schools.
We have repeatedly pointed out that that is of no help at all if those places are in the wrong places or the wrong year groups.
They need to be where and for whom they are required.
State schools in my constituency are bursting at the seams.