It is not clear what the difference is in the new Government’s policy on mental health support, other than that it will not include primary schools.
To the extent that the VAT revenue could be hypothecated, it looks a lot more like that revenue would reduce cuts to education resourcing, rather than increasing it.
If the policy is about revenue, not politics, the Government could easily commit to one simple thing today.
They are confident, they tell us, that the policy will raise a large sum of money and not create large costs.
Will they commit to measuring and reporting back on that, and if it turns out, against expectations, that they were wrong, will they reverse it?
I thank my right hon.
Friend, who is giving an excellent introduction to the debate.
Is it his understanding that our military personnel, and those serving in our diplomatic service, will also be hit by this tax?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
As things stand, those who get the continuity of education allowance would be hit, in part, by the tax.
In the calculus that my right hon.
Friend rightly asks the Government to publish, can we include the foreign receipts that the independent sector generates?
The roll of a school in my constituency includes a very large number of children from overseas whose parents pay directly into the UK economy.
That school is now under threat.
The loss of that revenue will be substantial, and the local impact huge.
May we have that factored in, given that, so far, we have not seen any figures on the loss of money and reputation that the closure of many such schools will entail?
My right hon.
Friend is correct: substantial export earnings come from the sector, and from a globally mobile set of families.
But I would go further; in addition to the direct export earnings effect, there is also an indirect effect.
For companies deciding where to site their European headquarters, English education is a big factor.
That is partly because of our brilliant state schools, which have improved so much over the past 14 years, but the availability of independent schools is also a factor.
The shadow Secretary of State makes a strong point about the sanctity of zero-rating VAT for education.
I am concerned that children’s clothes, which are currently exempt from VAT, may be the next target.
Notwithstanding the impact that the change to VAT will have on individual families, does he agree that private and prep schools—my constituency has five—are enormous employers of people involved in building maintenance, such as electricians and plumbers, and that the impact on the wider economy could well be profound?
Order.
I remind Members to look towards the Chair when they are speaking, or what they say will not be picked up by the mics; I then struggle to hear them.
I know that the Minister was struggling as well.
If Members keep the chatter down, it will help us both.
My right hon.
Friend is of course correct about the economic contribution that schools make locally and the large numbers of people they employ.
That point was also made by NASUWT, which is worried about teachers being inadvertently pushed out of the profession if redundancies are made mid-way through the school year.
My youngsters have had a mix of excellent learning, including in nursery and in state education, as have youngsters in many families.
I have a personal and constituency interest in wanting all education settings to thrive, so I agree with my right hon.
Friend.
The economic and employment impact of this new tax will be devastating for bus drivers and maintenance teams.
It will impact on so many livelihoods and communities.
The people picking up the unknown impact will be  in the state sector.
The policy will just deliver more of the unknown.
My hon.
Friend makes a very good point.