There was no plan from the previous Government; this Government are absolutely determined to ensure a just transition for those workers, using the power of Government and a proper industrial policy to make it happen.
On petrol prices, for the past 11 years the Government froze fuel duty; they cut it in 2002 and then froze it again.
The Government instructed the Competition and Markets Authority to carry out a review, and we  came up with the pumpwatch scheme.
A consultation was undertaken in January, but when I wrote to the Government in September to ask about its results, they said they were looking at it and would consider it in due course.
Is the scheme a priority for the Government?
If not, in what other ways will they ensure petrol prices are kept low at the pump?
Are they going to freeze fuel duty?
I will not comment on the Budget, obviously.
We are very sympathetic to pumpwatch—it is important that there is a fair deal for consumers at the pump.
Exeter city council has worked hard to install solar panels on council homes to ensure that social tenants can benefit from lower bills and participate in the green transition.
Can the Minister set out what more we can do to ensure that all tenants benefit from new green technologies?
My hon.
Friend raises such an important issue.
Across the House, we can have different views on ground-mounted solar, but we need to do more on rooftops and to ensure that tenants, for example council tenants, benefit from such technologies.
That is a huge priority for us and we are working on it with colleagues in the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government.
What discussions has the Secretary of State had with the Scottish Government regarding the major planning application for an offshore wind farm between Scotland and Northern Ireland, which may well have significant implications for the Giant’s Causeway world heritage site?
The hon.
Gentleman will understand that I have to be careful in what I say about planning issues, but he should rest assured that I have frequent conversations with my counterpart in the Scottish Government and, no doubt, that is one issue we will be discussing.
Warwick and Leamington must be one of the sunniest places in the United Kingdom given the flurry of applications we have had for solar farms.
There is a “loss of amenity” caused by one application, but if that community were prepared to welcome onshore wind turbines, of which we have none in Warwickshire, rather than a solar farm, would the Secretary of State or the Minister agree to support that?
Will they meet me to discuss the issue?
Every planning application and development consent order is assessed on its merits.
Importantly, the Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Streatham and Croydon North (Steve Reed) , is polishing a land use framework, which has long been needed in this country.
It will set out the balance between food security, the use of renewable energy, the restoration of nature and the role of farming.
I hope that will help with some of the issues that hon.
Members are facing.
The Secretary of State and the Under-Secretary of State,  the hon.
Member for Rutherglen (Michael Shanks) , have spoken passionately about the need to upgrade the national grid, but do they recognise the concerns of people across the east of England, including in the Witham constituency, about what that means for their local communities?
The Under-Secretary has said that he will meet Members of Parliament, but I ask him very politely whether he and representatives and Ministers from the Department will also meet members of the communities that are affected by this matter.
I know from the questions that I have received from the Opposition that the right hon.
Lady has been a tireless advocate on these issues.