However, does the Minister agree that ahead of this winter we need an emergency home insulation plan, particularly for the vulnerable, along with allocated funding?
Does she have any idea of the amount and allocation of funding in this Parliament that there will be for insulating homes?
We are really clear that as we develop our plans we absolutely need to get on with the job of upgrading homes.
We have announced our warm homes local grant and our warm homes social housing fund, which are targeted at low-income families, because we know there is a job of work to do.
We are committed to an additional £6.6 billion to invest in our warm homes plan over the course of this Parliament.
What steps he is taking to ensure a just transition for workers in high-carbon sectors.
We are committed to accelerating the just transition for workers in Britain to boost our energy security and ensure good, long-term jobs, especially in North sea communities.
We will work with them and other industrial regions to develop a plan, ensuring those workers are the people who decarbonise our country.
I thank the Minister for her response.
Unfortunately, the unjust transitions we are seeing in Grangemouth and Port Talbot are a damning indictment of the lack of a proactive approach to a just transition  over the last few years.
Tomorrow at the Treasury, over 50 major unions and climate groups will be calling for a new approach to the energy transition where, instead of just de-risking private profit, there is a governmental ringfenced funding package for North sea oil and gas workers, including help with skills and job creation.
Will the Secretary of State or Ministers please meet the Chancellor of the Exchequer to ensure that those ringfenced funds are secure, so that we can stop betting on the industry to do the right thing?
Last week was the historic week when 142 years of coal-fired electricity generation came to an end, and this week we have announced the new era of carbon capture and storage.
We will work in a different way from the last Government, adopting a proactive approach to ensure that the transition works for people and that we create new jobs as well.
At Grangemouth we provided a package of support for workers, and at Port Talbot we managed to negotiate a better deal than the last Government.
We will use all the levers that we have—Great British Energy, the national wealth fund, the British jobs bonus and the office of green energy jobs that we have set up—to ensure that we get the transition right.
The Secretary of State and the Minister will know that civil nuclear has a higher employment multiplier than any other form of zero or low-carbon energy generation.
As part of the transition from high-carbon sectors, what specific measures are the Government taking to retrain workers and transfer skills into the nuclear energy industry, thus ensuring that they benefit from job creation in this growing sector in my constituency and throughout the country?
Obviously the last Government did nothing about nuclear in 14 years, apart from coming up with a plan.
We will ensure that nuclear is an important part of our country’s future, and we will be working to provide the right skills and jobs in the right places to deliver that.
What steps he is taking to increase grid capacity
We are halving the development time for new transmission infrastructure through reforms of planning, supply chains and other areas, delivering the grid capacity that is needed to achieve clean power by 2030 and meet a doubling of electricity demand by 2050.
Communities are doing their very best, and lots of people are trying to help each community to power itself.
My own village has its community solar project, which was fully funded by local residents.