We believe in an industrial strategy that will help to deliver our supply chains.
We believe in Great British Energy, and we believe in a sovereign wealth fund, which so many other countries have and the previous Government failed to deliver.
We will make sure we have resilient supply chains that create jobs, deliver energy security and maximise the economic benefits of the transition.
What guarantees can the Secretary of State give to steelworkers in Scunthorpe that the grid connection required for a new electric arc furnace will be ready on time next year?
The hon.
Gentleman raises a very important issue that I am afraid was not solved by the last Government.
We are working at pace with National Grid, and I am sure the Under-Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Rutherglen (Michael Shanks) , will be happy to talk to him further about the work we are doing.
I welcome the Government’s commitment to increasing renewable energy generation.
An important component of that is the development of associated infrastructure, including battery storage facilities such as those proposed in Cullingworth in my constituency.
How do the Government plan to ensure that the safety of residents is not put at risk by such developments, and that there is clear community benefit from any renewable energy plans and the associated infrastructure?
Batteries will play an important part in the short-duration storage required for the energy system we are building for the future.
It is a question of balance.
Communities will be engaged in the consultation process, and I will be convening a roundtable with providers of battery technology and other short-duration storage in the next few months to learn both from projects that have worked well and from projects on which we could do better in future.
I will happily share any information from that with my hon.
Friend.
Will the Secretary of State commit to ensuring that large energy suppliers work with community energy organisations to generate and sell electricity locally at discounted rates, and provide fair community benefits, as proposed by the Liberal Democrats?
The hon.
Lady raises the important issue that, as a country, we are massively underpowered on community energy.
As part of the GB Energy local power plan we will be trying to change that, learning from countries such as Germany and Denmark, which do much better than us.
We will certainly look at the issues she raises.
The clean power by 2030 mission shows the clear intention of this Government to get on with the just transition.
Energy workers in Falkirk, Grangemouth and across the central belt are rightly concerned about jobs.
Between 2013 and 2023, under the previous Government, jobs in the UK oil and gas sector halved.
Unfortunately, some of the Opposition parties have opposed the stream of funding for clean infrastructure and jobs of the future that will come from an increase in the energy profits levy on the record profits of oil and gas giants.
Does the Secretary of State agree that it is time Opposition parties started putting their own plans forward on how they would get on with the just transition and deliver clean energy jobs at a critical time for workers and the climate?
My hon.
Friend raises the important issue that what will define the future for North sea workers is whether there is a plan for future jobs in offshore wind, carbon capture and hydrogen.
There was no plan from the previous Government; this Government are absolutely determined to ensure a just transition for those workers, using the power of Government and a proper industrial policy to make it happen.
On petrol prices, for the past 11 years the Government froze fuel duty; they cut it in 2002 and then froze it again.
The Government instructed the Competition and Markets Authority to carry out a review, and we  came up with the pumpwatch scheme.