On that at least I hope we can all agree.
Question put and agreed to.
Resolved,
That this House has considered defence.
The following Member took and subscribed the Oath required by law:
Chris Paul Webb, for Blackpool South.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer was asked—
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of increases in the cost of living on households in 2024.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of increases in the cost of living on households in 2024.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of increases in the cost of living on households in 2024.
The Office for Budget Responsibility expects UK living standards to grow in all years of the forecast period.
The Building Societies Association described the housing market as “broken”, with first-time homebuyers facing the toughest housing market conditions in 70 years.
With the International Monetary Fund projecting interest rates to be around 5% for the remainder of the year and the Government rejecting the Scottish National party’s calls to reinstate mortgage interest relief, does the Chancellor anticipate any relief for first-time buyers in the near future?
The hon.
Gentleman will know that the Bank of England is independent.
The good news is that the OBR expects inflation rates to fall to near target in the very near future.
The Warm this Winter campaign has found that households will have to pay an additional £1.3 billion to help energy companies to cover bad energy debt.
What assurance can the Minister give that the extra charge will be passed on to indebted customers to alleviate their debt burden, rather than it being allowed to just alleviate debt for energy companies?
It is good news that energy prices are set to fall.
The hon.
Lady will know that the Chancellor abolished the surcharge in one of his first Budgets.
The UK is set to have the highest level of inflation in the G7 and the lowest rate of growth in the entire OECD in 2025.
Bizarrely, the Chancellor claimed ludicrously that the Tories are winning the war on inflation.
With GDP per capita continuing to fall as part of the longest unbroken decline since records began, who does the Minister think in the real world really believes that this plan is working, and that the cost of living crisis is easing?
It is important to note that inflation has more than halved since the Prime Minister took office, and is now at 3.2%.
That will have a material impact on the cost of living pressures on households.
In addition, support this year includes cutting national insurance rates across the UK and raising the local housing allowance.
Benefits are up by 6.7%, the national living wage is up by 9.8%, and pensions are up by 8.5%.
We are on the side of the British people.
As you know, Mr Speaker, it is not solely households who face increased cost pressures: businesses across our communities do as well, particularly small music venues, which are shutting at the rate of two a week.
Ahead of the Culture, Media and Sport Committee’s inquiry into that issue, what thought has the Minister given to a VAT cut for grassroots music venues across our constituencies?
I know my hon.
Friend cares deeply about this matter.
I know she has a report coming out in a few weeks, and I look forward to reading it.
It is crucial to bring down inflation and ensure that we create the right climate for reductions in interest rates and further tax cuts.
Does the Minister agree that is the best way to tackle the cost of living pressures?
As ever, my right hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
In the past financial year, Buckinghamshire Council supported 4,186 people struggling with the cost of living through the £4.8 million of funding from the household support fund.