Lady for her question, and I know how avidly she campaigns in this area.
The House should know—and you should know, Mr Speaker—that I recently met my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Horsham (Sir Jeremy Quin)  and  the hon.
Member for Sheffield Central (Paul Blomfield)  to discuss this very issue.
I am very happy to meet the hon.
Lady as well to discuss it and to see if we can get a solution, because we do want to get this problem fixed.
I am grateful to the Minister for the meeting to which he referred.
Will he compliment financial institutions that are doing their utmost to make it easier for their disabled customers to access their child trust funds and, if his ministerial colleagues can find a way of making that easier across the board, would that have his support and that of his colleagues in the Treasury?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his question.
Indeed, working with not just the Ministry of Justice, but the Department for Work and Pensions is key to deliver this, as is working with the Financial Conduct Authority to ensure that any financial institution  that does the right thing does not lose out or face any regulatory issues.
That is indeed something that has my support and that of the Treasury, and we will work across Government to get this right.
Whether he plans to reintroduce VAT-free shopping for international visitors.
As stated in the spring Budget, the Government are considering the findings of the review by the Office for Budget Responsibility of VAT-free shopping, alongside industry representations and broader data.
We continue to welcome further submissions and representations in response to those findings.
Data from Heathrow, the United Kingdom’s largest and busiest airport, shows that despite a near-full recovery in passenger volumes post lockdown, retail spend on affected goods is 32% below pre-pandemic levels.
That figure is shocking.
Heathrow airport joins hundreds of businesses in calling on the Government to reintroduce VAT-free shopping for tourists, or similar incentives.
Will the Minister acknowledge the figures, listen to the industry and reinstate that popular policy, as British businesses are demanding?
My hon.
Friend will be pleased to know that I will not only listen to the industry, but I met Heathrow just last week to hear its representations.
The challenge is the way that modelling, and forecast and behavioural changes can be confidently assessed.
Government estimates suggest that a worldwide scheme could cost as much as £2.5 billion.
The challenge is the so-called deadweight cost that could happen by subsidising spending that otherwise would exist anyway, versus the incremental benefit that we could get from new visitors coming to the UK.
Of course that is a behavioural change based on a tax change.
It is based on a variety of assumptions, and therefore the modelling and assumptions underlying it vary, but I am listening to all representations.
What assessment he has made of the impact of raising the high income child benefit charge threshold on household incomes.
The high income child benefit charge threshold was raised to £60,000 on  6 April 2024 .
The point at which child benefit is fully withdrawn was also increased to £80,000, and the Government estimate that that will take 170,000 families out of paying the charge in 2024-25.
The Government also plan to administer HICBC on a household rather than an individual basis by April 2026.
I have been contacted by many South Derbyshire parents who are caught in this unfair situation.
Can the Minister be even more precise about the savings that this will now mean for my affected constituents?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her comments and continual interest in this area.
The changes to the high income child benefit charge mean that almost half a million hard-working families will gain an average of £1,260 towards the cost of raising their children in 2024-25.