He was in desperation because his business, like two other businesses that have already closed in the town, is being crushed by VAT, business rates and increases in corporate taxes.
He finds that he can no longer sustain a business that has become the love of his life.
Does the Chancellor realise that the tax burden he is imposing on small and medium-sized businesses is crushing this economy?
We are doing everything we can to support small businesses.
Businesses like the one that the right hon.
Gentleman mentions have received, for two years in a row, a 75% discount on their business rates.
That is a massive leg up for businesses recovering from the pandemic.
We have also made sure that any increases in corporation tax apply only to larger businesses.
There is only one major party in British politics that wants to bring down the tax burden for businesses, and it is the Conservative party.
Whether his Department has made a recent assessment of the adequacy of its guidance entitled “The Green Book.”
In 2020, the Treasury undertook a comprehensive review of the Green Book and how it is used in practice, and we have made several changes as a result.
We regularly update the Green Book to ensure that it remains fit for purpose, and we published a further technical update in 2022.
I represent a rural constituency in Dorset in the south-west of England.
My right hon.
Friend will know that it is important to me and my colleagues in the region that the Government give due consideration to the south-west when it comes to allocating funds and investment opportunities to it.
Typically, the Green Book has not adequately allocated funds in favour of Dorset and neighbouring counties.
What steps will she take to correct that?
My hon.
Friend is, as ever, a brilliant advocate for his local area.
I note that West Dorset is getting £4.4 million from the UK shared prosperity fund, and the wider Dorset area is benefiting from a range of other significant investments, including £9.7 million from the future high streets fund, but I am happy to meet him to discuss the matter further.
Like  the hon.
Member for West Dorset (Chris Loder) , I represent a rural constituency.
Strangford is the reason I am here, and I want to represent it well.
What steps will the Minister take to ensure that all updates to and volumes of the Green Book apply to Northern Ireland as well as to other areas across this great nation?
The hon.
Gentleman raises an excellent point—one that I will be discussing with the Northern Ireland Finance Minister in a couple of weeks.
What fiscal steps his Department is taking to support small businesses.
Small businesses drive our economy, and we support them to thrive using levers across Government, whether through our small business rates relief, by increasing the VAT registration threshold, or providing reliefs such as the annual investment allowance.
In England, many small businesses receive a 75% reduction in business rates thanks to action by this Conservative Government.
In Wales, the Labour Administration have cut that level of support to 40%, meaning that excellent hospitality businesses such as Martha’s Vineyard in my constituency must find thousands of pounds more in tax.
Does the Minister agree that that is not the way to support the tourism and hospitality sector at a challenging time, and that it is an example of the Labour party saying one thing here at Westminster and doing another where they are in government?
My right hon.
Friend is right that in the autumn statement the Government extended retail, hospitality and leisure relief in England, essentially to cut tax for 230,000 businesses—a tax cut worth £2.5 billion.
The Barnett formula allows the Welsh Labour Government to offer similar relief to Welsh businesses, and it is disappointing, if not surprising, that they have chosen not to.