It has just been said that there is a real cost of living challenge, and that is absolutely correct.
A key part of that relates to the war in Ukraine, which poses real challenges for energy supplies to the United Kingdom.
As a former Minister who applied sanctions to Russia and looked at the oil price cap, I know that we need to ensure that what happens in Ukraine is offset by actions that hold Russia to account and address the cost of living.
The US has seized Russian assets to pay for the reconstruction of Ukraine; the UK should do the same.
That would help ease the burden on the UK economy and the taxpayer.
It is always a pleasure to see my hon.
Friend in his place.
He raises a variety of really important issues that show precisely why we work across Government—there are multiple Departments involved—on matters relating to sanctions.
The invasion of Ukraine has had an incredible impact around the world, not just in the UK.
Everybody in this House should welcome the fact that, because of action taken by this Government and the Bank of England, and other measures, inflation is now falling and will soon hit target.
I call the Opposition spokesman.
The Conservatives’ decisions in this Parliament mean that the average family will face a tax bill that is £870 a year higher, and pensioner taxpayers will pay £960 a year more.
The director of the Institute for Fiscal Studies said:
“This remains a Parliament of record tax rises.”
Higher taxes, squeezed living standards and weaker public services—that is the Conservatives’ legacy.
Does the Minister understand why the country has lost confidence in them?
Many people in this country remember the abysmal economic performance of the last Labour Government.
The tax-free allowance was £6,475; it is now £12,570.
More than 1.5 million people have been taken out of paying income tax altogether.
The Government have a focus: now that the economy is turning, we want to put more money into people’s pockets.
That is exactly what we are doing with the national insurance cuts and other measures, and I am surprised that the hon.
Gentleman does not welcome that.
If he will use outcome evaluations to assess the effectiveness of the Public Sector Productivity Programme.
Improving public sector productivity is a major focus for this Government, which is why I announced £4.2 billion of funding to make our public services more efficient in the Budget.
As a former Health Secretary, my right hon.
Friend will know that evidence-based medicine transformed health productivity, systematically cutting out ineffectual treatments and replacing them with ones that worked better.
Using the evaluation task force and the What Works centres to do the same for other public services, including back to work programmes, prisoner rehabilitation and early interventions for supported families, could be the productivity-improving silver bullet that he needs, so can I urge him to beat a path to their door?
My hon.
Friend is right to talk about the What Works programme, which has delivered more than 500 trials and is recognised internationally.
There are some very good example in the NHS of what is working, including the NHS app.
That is now used by 75% of NHS patients—including 17,000 over-90s, so let no one assume that older people are not internet savvy.
Some £8.7 billion was wasted on defective personal protective equipment during the covid crisis, much of it paid to people associated with the Conservative party.
People did not have to be Conservative party members to benefit from the fast track, but it did not half help.
What is the Chancellor doing to get public money back from those people who sold that defective equipment to the NHS, and does it not just show that we cannot trust the Tories with public money?