I thank my hon.
Friend for her comments and continual interest in this area.
The changes to the high income child benefit charge mean that almost half a million hard-working families will gain an average of £1,260 towards the cost of raising their children in 2024-25.
She will recognise that that is a meaningful difference for her constituents, and for those across the country.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
The shadow Chancellor often likes to ask what has improved over the past 14 years, so I thought I would update the House on some of the latest statistics about the British economy.
According to UN conference data, we have now overtaken France, the Netherlands and Japan to become the world’s fourth largest exporter.
The International Monetary Fund says that we will grow faster over the next six years than France, Italy, Germany or Japan, and there are 200,000 more people in work compared with a year ago, which means that, for every single day Conservative Governments have been in office since 2010, there are 800 more people in work, many of whom will be very pleased that we are sticking to our plan.
We should add to the Chancellor’s statistics that we have the widest economic inequalities in Europe.
Last week, Professor Sir Michael Marmot published new analysis showing significant increases in health inequalities—how long we live, and how long we live in good health—and that is particularly the case between the north and south-east England.
That is of course driven by the economic inequalities that I have just referred to.
What assessment has the Chancellor undertaken on the loss in productivity directly as a result of that increase in health inequalities?
If the hon.
Lady is concerned about economic inequalities, she will be horrified to know that they were even worse under the last Labour Government.
They have been reduced under this Government.
When it comes to health inequalities, it is this Government who are phasing out smoking for everyone under the age of 14—one of the biggest single things in a generation that will reduce health inequalities and mean that poorer people live longer.
The Government’s plans for a carbon border adjustment mechanism will create a level playing field for British manufacturers facing un-green, high-carbon competition from abroad, but to comply with free trade rules, the CBAM must be an environmental measure, rather than revenue-raising trade protectionism.
Will Ministers confirm that it will be fiscally neutral and that any net receipts will be returned to taxpayers, perhaps even by cutting fuel duty or green levies on energy bills?
I can confirm that we are very alive to cost of living pressures caused by fuel duty.
In fact, we spent £6.4 billion freezing the duties on fuel, which will save the average motorist £50 over the coming year.
I call the shadow Chancellor.
At the Budget, the Chancellor set out his intention to abolish national insurance—a £46 billion annual commitment with no clear plan as to how it would be paid for.
One way to do it would be to merge income tax and national insurance.
Does the Chancellor agree with analysis from the House of Commons Library that shows that merging those two would increase income tax by 8p in the pound?
Which is why it is not our policy.
That is strange, because the day after the Budget, the Chancellor told Sky News that
“you can end that unfairness of taxing work: you can merge income tax and national insurance.”
The late Chancellor, Nigel Lawson—the Prime Minister’s hero—warned that merging them would
“destroy the contributory principle and create many losers, especially among the elderly.”
In fact, a retired pensioner with an average occupational pension income of £198 a week would pay an additional £738 a year in tax.