Regarding the situation in Rafah, our position has been consistent.
We are deeply concerned about the prospect of a military incursion, given the number of civilians who are sheltering there and the importance of that entry point for aid.
Entry points for humanitarian aid, including Kerem Shalom, must be reopened quickly to allow aid in.
Israel must facilitate immediate, uninterrupted humanitarian access in the south, especially the entry of fuel, and ensure the protection of civilians and safe passage for those who wish to leave Rafah.
As yet, we have not seen a credible plan to protect civilians.
We are, of course, following closely the latest developments on the hostage talks.
At this stage, while events are still shifting, I cannot—as the House will understand—provide a detailed running commentary.
As the British Government have said, we want to see a deal agreed that would ensure the release of hostages and a pause in the fighting.
A generous offer was on the table last week, proposed by Egypt and accepted by Israel.
We need to see Hamas accept a viable deal and we can start building the momentum towards a permanent sustained ceasefire.
In parallel, we continue to push as hard as we can to get much-needed aid into Gaza via vital land routes, alongside sea and air, to alleviate the suffering.
Israel has now committed to significant steps to increase the amount of aid getting into Gaza.
We now need to see that turned into action to ensure that aid actually gets over the border, and that it is safely and properly distributed.
We look to Israel to meet its commitments to flood Gaza with aid.
Ultimately, we need a long-term solution to this crisis.
This means the release of all hostages; Hamas’s rule dismantled; their ability to attack Israel removed; a new Palestinian Government for the west bank and Gaza; and a political horizon to a two-state solution.
Israelis and Palestinians should be able to live together side by side, in peace and security.
This is our goal.
We will continue working tirelessly to achieve it.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, for granting this urgent question, but I have to say that it is extraordinary that the Government did not come forward with a statement today.
This is a profoundly concerning moment  in this awful war.
Ceasefire negotiations appear to be going backwards.
Today the war is not just continuing, but escalating.
Labour has been clear for months that we oppose an offensive in Rafah, which risks catastrophic consequences.
The United States has said that it would be a disaster, the European Union has said that the world must prevent it, and the United Nations Security Council has called for an immediate ceasefire.
Benjamin Netanyahu is ignoring the warnings of Israel’s allies and partners, the United Kingdom included.
So can the Minister tell me what the consequences will be?
We are already seeing the consequences for civilians: airstrikes in densely packed areas; the Rafah crossing—as well as Kerem Shalom, shamelessly attacked by Hamas—now closed; aid reportedly being blocked; and northern Gaza in full-blown famine.
Some 1.4 million people are sheltering in Rafah, many of them ordered to go there by the IDF in the first place.
Half the children in Gaza are in Rafah.
Where can they go to be safe?
The French Government said yesterday that the forced displacement of any civilian population is a war crime.
Does the Minister agree?
Hamas are a terrorist organisation and their cowardly tactics are reprehensible, but that does not change Israel’s obligation to follow the rules of war, or the Government’s obligations on arms exports, so can the Minister say why he thinks that an attack on Rafah does not present a clear risk of a serious breach of international humanitarian law?