They are doing two things specifically.
First, they recently took the further step of backing the Co-operatives, Mutuals and Friendly Societies Act 2023; they also commissioned the Law Commission to review  the Co-operative and Community Benefit Societies Act 2014 to make sure that co-operatives can do as much as possible to benefit the wider economy.
Over the past two years, Rotherham Council has spent £240,000 promoting co-operatives and employee ownership.
Does the Minister agree that this huge amount of money would be better spent on fixing potholes and opening youth clubs, rather than on an ideological viewpoint, with no measurable outcome for the people of Rotherham?
I do not wish to comment specifically on Rotherham, but the best way of promoting co-operatives in general is to allow them to thrive as best they can, and to support their members in doing what they do best, which is to help their local economies—not necessarily through huge amounts of public subsidy, but through doing what the co-operative movement was founded to do, which is, as I have said, to support local economies and local people.
What recent assessment he has made of the potential impact of his tax policies on living standards.
What recent assessment he has made of the potential impact of his tax policies on living standards.
Thanks to a combination of national insurance cuts and above-inflation increases to thresholds since 2010, the average worker on £35,400 will pay more than £1,500 less in personal taxes this year.
In addition, maintaining fuel duty rates at their current levels represents a further £13 billion benefit to households over the three years since the introduction of the freeze.
The Minister will know that people are still really struggling with the cost of living crisis.
One way that the Government could help is by seeking a bespoke veterinary agreement with the EU.
That would not only cut costs for businesses but stop food prices rising even more.
A future Labour Government would do that, so why will the Government not commit to it?
The hon.
Lady’s first comment was correct: everyone in this House recognises the extreme cost of living challenges over the past few years, and that is precisely why the Government have adopted the strategy of a laser focus on inflation, combined with tax cuts and, recently, national insurance cuts.
We have a very constructive and positive relationship with the EU, and are always engaging with it on a variety of matters.
In the run-up to last week’s elections, the Prime Minister never stopped talking about national insurance cuts, and the Minister talked about them again today, but the Government have been giving with one hand and taking away with the other.
Does the Minister recognise that according to the Resolution Foundation, the combined impact of all the Government’s tax changes leaves workers who earn less than £26,000 a year worse off?
Will he apologise to workers in South Yorkshire, whose average earnings are close to that level, for misrepresenting the position?
Of course we recognise the challenges for those on the lowest incomes, which is precisely why we have adopted a whole bunch of other measures, including on housing allowance.
If the hon.
Gentleman is so opposed to the national insurance cuts that we introduced, why did the Leader of the Opposition support them?
Congratulations, Mr Chishti, on your engagement at the weekend.
You are not crossing the Floor, I understand.
Most definitely not!
It has just been said that there is a real cost of living challenge, and that is absolutely correct.
A key part of that relates to the war in Ukraine, which poses real challenges for energy supplies to the United Kingdom.
As a former Minister who applied sanctions to Russia and looked at the oil price cap, I know that we need to ensure that what happens in Ukraine is offset by actions that hold Russia to account and address the cost of living.