I am also bound to point out that defence is not short of reviews, and another review would mean obfuscation.
I suggest that is the very last thing our armed forces need right now.
At best, it would introduce a huge measure of uncertainty when we simply cannot afford it.
The Chair of the Select Committee on Defence, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Horsham (Sir Jeremy Quin) , rightly reflected on what 2.5% across the NATO alliance would mean.
Where Britain leads, our European allies must follow: we are not in this on our own.
He gave a magisterial romp around the geopolitical, societal and economic contribution of the whole defence enterprise.
The hon.
Member for West Dunbartonshire (Martin Docherty-Hughes)  got tied up with nomenclature.
There are other ranks in the Army and the RAF and ordinary seamen in the Navy, and I think that was the essence of his confusion.
Either way there is nothing ordinary about the men and women of our armed forces, and either way he was rightly concerned about the junior ranks.
I recall a previous conversation we had in this place during which he confused a pay award this year for them, which is 9.7%, with the 5.5% for senior officers; I assume he is happy with that.
He wanted more Europe in defence, which I think means more European Union.
He may have missed, for example, the Lancaster House treaties, the attendant A400M programme and unmanned aerial vehicles, and he may also have missed the joint expeditionary force.
We are indeed co-operating wherever we can with our European friends and neighbours.
My right hon.
Friend  the Member for Rayleigh and Wickford (Mr Francois)  gave a very detailed and authoritative account of kit, majoring on air defence.
He catalogued some of the procurement issues that have historically bedevilled the defence enterprise, but he resisted reference to his favourite defence contractor, for which we are very grateful.
I know that he supports the integrated procurement model announced in February.
The right hon.
Member for Warley (John Spellar) , to whom I always listen with a great deal of interest, rightly highlighted industrial skills.
I have said it before but I will say it again: the Ministry of Defence is this country’s No.
1 employer of apprentices, and we are exceptionally proud of that.
He rightly implied that the men and women of our armed forces—both civilians and people in uniform—have a choice.
Of course they do, and they very often exercise it; our economy is the better for it.
I make no apology for injecting trades and skills into our armed forces and our defence enterprise; it benefits us all.
The trick is retaining those people and then perhaps pulling them back in at some future date.
He will be familiar with that, because he has read the Haythornthwaite report.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Harwich and North Essex (Sir Bernard Jenkin)  rightly highlighted the perils of coalition, but to be fair we have got the Liberal Democrats to commit to CASD, and maybe even CASD with missiles—for that,  the hon.
Member for Tiverton and Honiton (Richard Foord)  has done us a great service today.
The points that my hon.
Friend the Member for Harwich and North Essex made about leadership were extremely well made.
The hon.
Member for Halton (Derek Twigg)  spoke about the recruitment and retention issues that the armed forces certainly have, in common with just about all our allies.
Meanwhile, we deal with all our defence commitments.
We are rightly proud of the men and women who serve.
The right hon.
Member for North Durham (Mr Jones)  was fighting a bit of a rearguard action on defence spending, which the Opposition Front Benchers now say they support.
If he wants to disregard the costs for Ukraine, he needs to have a word with his colleagues.