We have made absolutely clear our view about an invasion of Rafah.
The full reality of the specific incidents the hon.
Gentleman mentions is not clear.
We need to recognise, as the British Government have made clear, that full and transparent investigations of those matters is required.
Hamas have apparently said to mediators that they do not have 33 living hostages who fall into the categories of women, children, elderly and sick.
That is an appalling body blow for the relatives of those held captive in Gaza for more than 200 days.
Will the Deputy Foreign Secretary take the opportunity to acknowledge Israel’s right to take military action to get those people home?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right to focus on the awful plight of the hostages, as she has done repeatedly in this House.
She is also right to make it clear that, under international law, Israel has the right to self-defence and to take proportionate action to recover hostages.
Like many others, I pray that pressure from this House and elsewhere can bring this conflict to an end, but we all know that that will require agreement on an Arab-led body to maintain peace, order and security.
How close are we to that agreement?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right to try to lift people’s eyes to the political horizon so that from this intolerable misery can come hope for the future.
A great deal of work is going on to pinpoint and augment the sinews of such a political future.
The Foreign Secretary has been in the region repeatedly—especially on the west bank and in Ramallah.
We will continue to do everything we can to plan for that, alongside trying to resolve the desperate situation in Rafah, on which I have tried to set out to the House what Britain is doing.
The Deputy Foreign Secretary reminds us that we are now in the seventh month.
Talks are not making progress, the hostages still have not been released and border crossings are closing; we are entering another dark chapter in this terrible conflict.
The UN World Food Programme warns of a full-blown famine unless more aid can be delivered.
This House is asking what we can do, so will the Deputy Foreign Secretary update us on the building of that new maritime port off Gaza?
That is something that the international community can control, of which we can have full stakeholder ownership.
Once it is operational, will British troops be involved in aid delivery?
In respect of my right hon.
Friend’s final point, we will have to see what is required.
Securing the temporary pier off the coast of Gaza is a way of getting additional aid in swiftly.
He will know that the Royal Fleet Auxiliary Cardigan Bay is in the area, and is effectively the command post for this maritime effort.
Britain is also thoroughly involved, just as it is from the air and from land, in detail in the maritime effort.
The UK Government have long warned Israel that an invasion of Rafah must not happen.
Civilian lives must be protected and aid must enter Gaza.
Prime Minister Netanyahu has shown once again that he is not listening to his allies or the ICJ, and that he is hellbent on turning the whole of Gaza into a graveyard.
Will the UK Government urgently impose a full arms embargo on Israel, which is the only thing the UK can do to try to stop the starvation and potential genocide of those left in Rafah?
The early part of the hon.
Gentleman’s question set out what we are all trying to address.
On an arms embargo, he will know that the amount of arms that Britain supplies is negligible.
Equally, we operate an arms sales regime that is strictly governed by the rules that I have previously set out to the House.