The right hon.
Lady, who speaks with authority and understanding on these matters, will know that the question she has asked me is at the heart of the negotiations, which still continue, and which we very much hope will be successful.
As I have said before, I cannot give the House a running commentary on those negotiations, but I can assure her that the logic she brings to this debate does inform the Government’s support for getting a resolution to those negotiations.
Over the past few months, Members from all parts of the House have questioned the Deputy Foreign Secretary on the notion of consequences, and we have heard that again today.
He is an experienced Minister, so he knows that every equivocation, every hesitation and every set of diplomatic niceties has led us to this calamitous moment for the hostages, for the Palestinian people and for the interests of both peoples in the long term.
On  7 April , the Foreign Secretary said that support for Israel was not unconditional.
I shall ask the question in a different way: is there any red line?
Is there anything the Israeli Government could do that would so appal this Government that they would feel the need to act?
If so, what is it?
My right hon.
Friend talks about the calamitous situation that we have reached, and no one in the House will forget that it started on  7 October  with the brutal events that my right hon.
and learned Friend  the Member for Northampton North (Sir Michael Ellis)  just described.
My right hon.
Friend asks me a rhetorical question, but the evidence will show that the Government have done everything we possibly can to try to alleviate  the situation, sometimes unpopularly, and that our logic was accepted at the United Nations in the two Security Council resolutions that I mentioned.
The Israeli Opposition leader Yair Lapid said at the weekend:
“A government that wants to return the abductees”
would be
“sending the teams to Cairo, not…crushing the hearts of the families.”
Lapid is right, but it is not only the hearts of the hostages’ families that are being crushed; it is those of the Palestinians who want nothing to do with Hamas terrorists.
Many of them are being chased around the Gaza strip.
The UK rightly defends Israel from the threat of attack by Iran, but will the British Government also suspend arms exports to Israel?
On the hon.
Gentleman’s first point, he will have seen that both sides have sent teams to Cairo, and we await developments on that with a degree of hope and optimism.
On his second point, I have made it clear to the House where the Government stand on arms exports.
We follow the legal advice—we do not publish it, in accordance with precedent—and we will continue to do so.
Members have said that the situation in Rafah needs to come to an end, but what needs to come to an end is the fighting.
UNICEF has said today that Rafah is a city of children, and we should not be dancing around the issue or playing with words as though it were a game of Scrabble.
We should call this what it is and call for an immediate ceasefire.
Families of hostages want the fighting to end now, and my constituents in Bolton demand that it does.
The international community is demanding an immediate stop.
We are one of the most influential countries on the conflict, so will the United Kingdom call for an immediate end to the fighting?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for keeping in touch with me on issues that are brought to his attention by his constituents.
As he knows, it is exactly the Government’s policy to try to achieve that pause, which can then lead to a sustainable ceasefire.
We will continue to do everything we can to achieve that.