There is no more formidable a champion for Romford.
He speaks about business rates, and we have indeed been doing what we can to bring them down at every fiscal event.
What steps have been taken to support pensioners to know what benefits they are possibly entitled to?
I understand that 1.4 million people access pension credit, but a great many more are entitled to it.
The hon.
Gentleman will know that this is an issue that is close to my heart, as a former Pensions Minister.
We did a huge amount of work to increase the uptake of pension credit.
I know that this matters a lot to Members, and work is being done in everyone’s constituency, including the hon.
Gentleman’s.
The lifetime ISA is a positive instrument, but I understand that under its terms there are circumstances under which savers lose not only the benefits of the ISA but also part of their capital investment.
That does not seem right; will the Minister please meet me to discuss it?
I am happy to meet my right hon.
Friend to discuss the lifetime ISA, which is a fantastic product brought in by this Government to help young people to get on the housing ladder.
I am happy to meet him to discuss ways in which we can make it more accessible for more people in more circumstances.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
Is it related to Treasury questions?
Yes.
In his response to me, the Exchequer Secretary said, “Any area that loses bank branches is entitled to get a banking hub”, but I have numerous   examples of towns that lost bank branches, applied for a banking hub and then had their application rejected.
Please could you advise me, Mr Speaker, on how I can get some clarity on this matter and what the Minister said about “any area that loses bank branches”?
Obviously, we cannot continue the debate.
The hon.
Lady has certainly put her point on the record.
I do not think this will be the end of it; she knows how to carry it on through the usual channels, which I expect she will use, no doubt starting with the Table Office.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
The Chancellor, in answer to my question, said that economic inequalities actually increased under the previous Labour Administration.
A House of Commons Library publication released last month shows that that is categorically not the case.
Would he like to take this opportunity to correct the record?
I believe the Chancellor would.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
The hon.
Lady may have misunderstood me.
What I said was that economic inequality had fallen since the last Labour Government.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Deputy Foreign Secretary to make a statement on the war in Gaza.
I thank the shadow Foreign Secretary for his urgent question.
We want to see an end to the fighting as soon as possible.
Well over six months since Hamas’s terror attack against Israel, it is appalling that the hostages are still being held.
Very many civilians are also dying in Gaza, and this weekend Hamas rockets killed four Israeli Defence Forces soldiers and injured others.
As we have said, the fastest way to end the conflict is to secure a deal that gets the hostages out and allows for a pause in the fighting in Gaza.
We must then turn that pause into a sustainable, permanent ceasefire.
Regarding the situation in Rafah, our position has been consistent.
We are deeply concerned about the prospect of a military incursion, given the number of civilians who are sheltering there and the importance of that entry point for aid.
Entry points for humanitarian aid, including Kerem Shalom, must be reopened quickly to allow aid in.