The immediate priority, as I set out in my opening remarks, must be a humanitarian pause in the fighting.
As the House well knows, such a pause would allow us, potentially, to get the hostages out, but also to get aid into Gaza.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
A week ago from that Dispatch Box, the Minister said:
“Given the number of civilians sheltering in Rafah, it is not easy to see how such an offensive could be compliant with international humanitarian law”.—[Official Report,  30 April 2024 ; Vol.
749, c. 141.]
Despite repeated appeals for Israel not to attack Rafah, just hours after the dashed hopes of a ceasefire, that offensive is happening.
Is this the breach of international humanitarian law you referred to last week, and will that breach immediately end UK sales of arms to Israel?
Or is this yet another example of the UK declaring a red line only for Israel to completely ignore it without condemnation or consequence?
We know how this plays out, Minister.
You plead with them, they ignore you, they do what they want and you find excuses for them.
A blind eye will be turned to the slaughter of tens of thousands of innocent civilians, and while the UK Government call for more aid to the survivors, they will continue to issue arms export licences.
That has been the pattern of behaviour for seven months.
Can we expect anything different now?
On the hon.
Gentleman’s final point, he will know that we are working flat out in these very difficult circumstances to achieve something different, and we will continue to do so.
He quoted what I said the last time I was at the Dispatch Box, and I would point out that the words I have used today, in answering the same question, are virtually exactly the same.
I have made it clear that there would have to be a plan that  respected international humanitarian law, and we have not yet seen such a plan.
That is entirely consistent with what I said before.
The hon.
Gentleman asked about the sale of arms.
The Foreign Secretary announced on  9 April  that the British position with regard to export licences is unchanged.
We do not publish the Government’s legal advice, but we always act in accordance with it.
I would point out that we publish data on export licensing decisions transparently and on a quarterly basis.
Yesterday I met survivors of the Nova festival massacre—people who had fought singlehandedly for hours in Israel on  7 October  against brutal Hamas terrorists.
We all want peace, and we all want to see the end of civilian fatalities, but sometimes countries must fight for peace.
Israel has a right to defend herself and a duty to protect her people from the brutal terrorist cult of Hamas.
Will the Minister confirm that the Government will maintain steadfast and resolute support for Israel as she finishes the job of eliminating Hamas from Gaza?
I am very pleased to hear that my right hon.
Friend had the chance to meet those survivors yesterday, so that she can share with the House the hideous circumstances that they suffered.
She makes it clear that Israel has the right of self-defence, and she set out eloquently why that is the case.
But Israel must also abide by international humanitarian law.
I say to the Minister, if I may, “You’re better than this.”
We all condemn Hamas’s attack and we all want to see the hostages released, but we are on the edge of witnessing a massacre, a mass murder of innocent men, women and children at the behest of fanatical zealots in the Israeli Cabinet.
We need this Government to lead an international exercise to prevent this attack now.
One way to prevent it is to make it clear to Netanyahu that if it goes ahead, this Government will pursue him as a war criminal at the international courts.