The French Government said yesterday that the forced displacement of any civilian population is a war crime.
Does the Minister agree?
Hamas are a terrorist organisation and their cowardly tactics are reprehensible, but that does not change Israel’s obligation to follow the rules of war, or the Government’s obligations on arms exports, so can the Minister say why he thinks that an attack on Rafah does not present a clear risk of a serious breach of international humanitarian law?
Can he also confirm whether he has received any assessment—not legal advice, but any assessment or policy advice—from Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office officials that the threshold has already been met?
Now more than ever, we need an immediate ceasefire, the release of all hostages and unimpeded aid to Gaza.
The shadow Foreign Secretary has set out in eloquent terms what is effectively the policy of the Government and the entire House.
He chided the Government for not offering a statement today, but I suggest that the Government have not been slow in coming to the House with frequent statements and responses to urgent questions, and we will of course continue to do so.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked about the Government’s discussions with Prime Minister Netanyahu.
The Prime Minister, the Foreign Secretary and, indeed, the entire Government have been very clear about our advice to Prime Minister Netanyahu, and I have set it out repeatedly in the House.
When I last answered questions from the right hon.
Gentleman here, I made very clear our position on Rafah as well.
He asked about the consequences and how we deal with those.
Britain and our allies, through the United Nations—and I remind him that Britain was pivotal in securing Security Council resolutions 2720 and 2728—are working together to try to improve what is a terrible situation, and we will continue to do just that with, I hope, the support of the whole House.
I call the Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee.
I welcome the efforts made by the Foreign Secretary, the Deputy Foreign Secretary and the Minister for the Middle East,  who have been in and out of the middle east many times over the past two weeks in order to hear from our allies.
However, as we see the launch of the Rafah offensive, what reassurances have been received that aid access and, above all, aid workers will be protected?
We cannot see the entire aid industry flee from Rafah junction, as is currently being predicted.
There is speculation about Al-Mawasi as a safe zone for civilians, but there is no infrastructure in what is essentially a desert, and it was not safe on the last occasion when, as we saw, the British charity Medical Aid for Palestinians was bombed—on which we have still had no answer.
Finally, have we had any proof of life for those Israeli citizens who have now been held for seven months?
For many, there has been no proof of life since at least Day 20.
What are we doing to push for that proof of life, which families so desperately need?
My hon.
Friend is entirely right to make that last point.
We do seek proof of life.
The families to whom she refers are desperate for information, but that information has not been forthcoming.
We are deeply concerned about the humanitarian position in Rafah.
Any plan would have to respect international humanitarian law, and we have yet to see such a plan.
The immediate priority, as I set out in my opening remarks, must be a humanitarian pause in the fighting.
As the House well knows, such a pause would allow us, potentially, to get the hostages out, but also to get aid into Gaza.
I call the SNP spokesperson.