Some £8.7 billion was wasted on defective personal protective equipment during the covid crisis, much of it paid to people associated with the Conservative party.
People did not have to be Conservative party members to benefit from the fast track, but it did not half help.
What is the Chancellor doing to get public money back from those people who sold that defective equipment to the NHS, and does it not just show that we cannot trust the Tories with public money?
What it shows is that we took very difficult decisions in the pandemic to speed up access to PPE for frontline workers, who were literally dying at the time—but there should be no hiding place whatsoever for anyone who commits fraud on taxpayers, which is why there have been over 100 arrests.
I call the shadow Minister.
The only productivity improvement we have seen from this Government is the awarding of wasteful contracts.
On top of all the PPE waste that my hon.
Friend  the Member for Eltham (Clive Efford)  referred to, there are still £1 billion-worth of unresolved PPE contracts that this Government awarded, but that have not been delivered on.
Only one company, PPE Medpro, is facing legal action.
Why are the Government not taking legal action against the other companies that have not delivered on their contract with members of the public?
Let me be clear: there is absolutely no hiding place for anyone, whether they are connected to the Conservative party, the Labour Party or any other party.
If they have defrauded the taxpayer, we will go after them.
The Chancellor says that he is making progress, and that there is no hiding place, but that money belongs to our public services.
The Government know that the contracts have not been delivered on, but  they will not reveal the names of the companies and the contracts that have not been delivered on.
If there is no hiding place, why would the Chancellor not name them today?
Because we are taking legal action, and as the hon.
Gentleman knows full well, when we take legal action, that information belongs to the police.
What steps his Department is taking to reduce taxes.
The spring Budget delivered personal tax cuts, including cuts to national insurance, for 29 million workers.
That means that someone on the average salary has the lowest effective personal tax rate since 1975, and that is the lowest effective tax rate of any G7 country.
While responsible tax cuts, such as the £900 cut to national insurance contributions, are welcome, can my right hon.
Friend update the House on when we can expect VAT to be abolished on high-factor sunscreen?
That would not only help to protect more people from one of the leading causes of preventable cancer, but could save the NHS approximately £55 billion.
My hon.
Friend and I have talked about this issue on many occasions.
She will know that high-factor sunscreen is on NHS prescription for certain conditions and is VAT-free when dispensed by a chemist.
With my Chancellor hat on, I should say that we have had £50 billion of requests for VAT relief since Brexit.
It is great to have the freedom to make those changes, but we have to be honest about the trade-offs.
In particular, we must ensure that if we do apply reliefs, the benefits are fed through to consumers.
This weekend, I spoke to a constituent who has invested heavily in a restaurant in my constituency over the last 15 years.
He was in desperation because his business, like two other businesses that have already closed in the town, is being crushed by VAT, business rates and increases in corporate taxes.
He finds that he can no longer sustain a business that has become the love of his life.
Does the Chancellor realise that the tax burden he is imposing on small and medium-sized businesses is crushing this economy?