As ever, my right hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
In the past financial year, Buckinghamshire Council supported 4,186 people struggling with the cost of living through the £4.8 million of funding from the household support fund.
The council’s Helping Hand scheme continues, with £2.4 million of funding through to this September.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that Buckinghamshire households who are struggling with the cost of living should get in touch with Buckinghamshire Council to get the help and support that they need from the Helping Hand scheme, which is funded by this Government?
My hon.
Friend is completely correct.
The household support fund has done so much to help people struggling with the cost of living.
I commend the way that Buckinghamshire Council has handed out the money, and, indeed, will continue to do so throughout the year.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
Westminster’s cost of living crisis disproportionately affects those on low incomes, young people, and people living in rural areas with limited travel options.
One example is the soaring cost of car insurance, which is inexplicably higher in Scotland than in most other parts of the UK.
A 22-year-old with five years’ driving experience might expect their premiums to go down, yet they pay on average £667 more than they did when they passed their test at the age of 17.
Why are the UK Government doing absolutely nothing to hold insurance companies to account?
I cannot comment on the specifics of car insurance companies, but what I can say is that for people struggling with the cost of living, whatever form that struggle takes, working-age benefits are going up by 6.7% this year.
Clearly, the Minister has paid no attention to this matter at all.
This issue is exceptional to the UK.
While prices for car insurance have more than doubled in the UK, they have gone up by only 18% across the EU over the same period, and car insurance has gone down by 20% in an independent Ireland.
What are the reasons?
Is it Brexit, or shameless profiteering?
Or, as we suspect, has Westminster just given up on people in the cost of living crisis?
I think that we have heard enough from the Brexit zombies on the other side of the Chamber.
Answer the question.
I am, if the hon.
Gentleman would just like to listen.
The national living wage is up by 9.8% this year, which helps with exactly the type of costs that he is talking about.
What assessment he has made of the contribution of the co-operative sector to the economy.
The Government acknowledge the vital contribution that co-operatives make to the economy.
The “Co-operative and Mutual Economy 2023” report found that co-operatives generated a combined annual turnover of £41 billion, a 3.7% increase from 2022 levels.
As the Minister outlines, co-operatives are worth £41 billion to the UK economy; moreover, they are, on average, 10% more productive than other businesses, twice as likely to survive the first five years of trading, and have higher rates of investment than other private businesses.
What more can the Government do to encourage more co-operatives to thrive?
Does he believe, as I do, that the creation of co-operative development agencies in every region has to be part of that?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his point.
I note his long-held interest in the co-operative sector, and the work that he does on it.
So, what are the Government doing?
They are doing two things specifically.
First, they recently took the further step of backing the Co-operatives, Mutuals and Friendly Societies Act 2023; they also commissioned the Law Commission to review  the Co-operative and Community Benefit Societies Act 2014 to make sure that co-operatives can do as much as possible to benefit the wider economy.
Over the past two years, Rotherham Council has spent £240,000 promoting co-operatives and employee ownership.