Gentleman’s question set out what we are all trying to address.
On an arms embargo, he will know that the amount of arms that Britain supplies is negligible.
Equally, we operate an arms sales regime that is strictly governed by the rules that I have previously set out to the House.
We act in line with the legal advice we receive, and we will continue to do so.
Of course I am greatly concerned about the humanitarian situation in Gaza right now, but I am also greatly concerned that nothing happens that gives Hamas an increased foothold in Gaza and puts them in a position to inflict more evil and misery, like that we saw on  7 October .
I am also concerned that some of the proposed ceasefire agreements seem to involve releasing hundreds of Hamas terrorists and do not involve all of the hostages being released.
Will the Deputy Foreign Secretary give me a commitment that we will intensify plans for a Hamas-free Gaza, so that innocent people in Gaza can look forward with hope to a future of peace?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that Hamas can have no role in Gaza in the future.
Much of the work we are doing in that respect is designed to help to build up the Palestinian Authority, so that it can be involved in governing both the west bank and Gaza, as soon as the time is right.
The Deputy Foreign Secretary’s answers today are virtually identical to those he gave, including to me, last Tuesday.
The situation has escalated, but the Government’s response remains the same.
There are 600,000 child hostages in Rafah alone.
There is no proof of life from them, but millions of our people are watching on their phones today the proof of death and mutilation of many of them.
The Government say they are doing everything they can, but they are not.
You could now stop sending weapons to the people who are raining down this death and misery, and the Labour party could ask you to do that, but did not.
Order.
The hon.
Member says “you”, but it is not me who is responsible.
The hon.
Gentleman says that the answers I gave to him and others last Tuesday are the same.
Those answers reflect, in so far as the parameters of the situation are the same, the fact that we are pursuing long-term policies designed to tackle the evils that have been set out so clearly this afternoon in the House.
He also makes a point about the number of children who are denied food and medicine in Rafah.
He will know that through medical aid and the British contribution,  not least through a field hospital, Britain has been careful to ensure that where we can bring medical help, particularly to children, we are doing so.