My right hon.
Friend is right that in the autumn statement the Government extended retail, hospitality and leisure relief in England, essentially to cut tax for 230,000 businesses—a tax cut worth £2.5 billion.
The Barnett formula allows the Welsh Labour Government to offer similar relief to Welsh businesses, and it is disappointing, if not surprising, that they have chosen not to.
On Friday, I visited the K C Jones Motor Repairs garage, a medium-sized business of very long standing in Oswestry in North Shropshire.
One of the many challenges that it faces, alongside astronomical energy bills and a shortage of skilled labour, is the business rates that it needs to pay because it must have a high street presence in order for people to take their cars there.
Will the Minister consider fundamental reform of business rates so that businesses that need a high street presence can continue to exist?
At the moment, they are under huge pressure.
As I was saying, we have a 75% relief for most high street businesses.
I encourage the hon.
Lady to look at the package as a whole.
We have increased the VAT threshold, bringing 28,000 businesses like the one she describes out of paying any VAT at all, on top of a range of other measures.
The cherished independent shops and restaurants that line the streets of Morley serve the lifeblood of our community.
In order to safeguard the very heart of our local economy, what bold measures is the Department taking to counter the oppressive weight of skyrocketing business rates imposed by the financially reckless Labour-led Leeds City Council?
I know that my hon.
Friend is a great champion of all businesses in Morley and across Leeds because I have seen it at first hand.
I point out to her as well that the Government have reduced taxation on small businesses, we have increased the VAT threshold, and we have a 75% rate relief for retail, hospitality and leisure businesses, which she alluded to.
It is this Conservative Government who are on the side of hard-working people and businesses across Morley and around the country.
In the last decade, more than one music venue closed every week, including Moles in Bath.
That has resulted in the loss of 4,000 jobs, 14,250 events, over 190,000 performance opportunities, £9 million of income for musicians and £59 million in lost direct economic activity.
What are the Government doing to support small music venues?
We are doing a lot.
We are increasing the VAT threshold, and we have a rates relief package.
The recent spring Budget was one of the biggest packages supporting our cultural industries that this country has ever seen, and I encourage the hon.
Lady to look at it.
I call the shadow Minister.
Since 2022, almost 400 communities have lost their local bank branch, which has had a devastating impact on local and small businesses.
Despite witnessing the decline of the British high street, the Government have been dragging their feet on rolling out banking hubs, which would help local and small businesses.
Will the Minister finally back the Labour party’s plans to provide a banking hub in every community that needs one?
Banking hubs are driven by commercial organisations.
Any area that loses bank branches is entitled to get a banking hub.
Of course, we want to see more across the country, but we also have to recognise that banking has changed and the ways in which people bank have moved more towards digital, so it is right that commercial organisations take commercial decisions.
What recent fiscal steps he has taken to help reduce regional economic inequalities.
At the spring Budget, we built on the £15 billion of levelling-up commitments made since 2019.
We announced a trailblazer devolution deal for the north-east mayoral combined authority and a £400 million extension to the long-term plan for towns.