Will His Majesty’s Government encourage the Bank of England to hold these bonds to maturity, taking the carry cost rather than taking the hit from selling them in the market and crystallising an enormous loss?
In relation to the asset purchase facility and how that has worked over recent years, it is not His Majesty’s Government’s—or indeed the Treasury’s—intention to change the way in which that works with the Bank of England, but as with all measures, the Chancellor keeps everything under close review.
According to the Bank of England, a typical family remortgaging this year will pay £240 a year more in mortgage payments.
Does the Chancellor accept that even if the Bank cuts rates, those homeowners will still be paying a penalty because the Government crashed the economy?
What I would say to those families is that the most damaging thing of all is to have inflation at 11%.
Now we have reduced it to 3.2%, and indeed we expect it to go lower.
Interest rates are also starting to fall.
If the hon.
Member is worried about families in her constituency, she might be extremely worried by the shadow Chancellor saying that if interest rates fall, it is somehow not a big deal.
It really is.
May I encourage my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor to revisit his decision to change the tax arrangements of furnished holiday lets in rural constituencies such as my own?
Those businesses make an important contribution to the local economy, provide jobs and enhance the tourism offering.
Indeed, they stop depopulation rather than adding to it.
His decision is creating much concern among those who operate such businesses.
We recognise the important role that FHLs play in the tourism ecosystem right across the country.
The problem was that there was not a level playing field with long-term lets.
We are making sure that there will continue to be tax incentives and benefits from such letting, but they need to be on par with short-term and long-term lets.
The consistently high price of fuel is making drivers dig deep just to go about their daily business.
With a rise of 10p reported since the start of the year and the average cost of filling a family car now £82.50, what efforts will the Government make to help those people in my rural constituency and across the United Kingdom who have little or no access to public transport and are dependent on their vehicles for work and family life?
The hon.
Member is entirely right.
That is why we froze fuel duty at the last fiscal event: a measure that costs £6.5 billion and will save the average driver £50.
May I place on record my thanks to the Chancellor, who in his Budget devoted funds to Bournemouth for a police violence reduction unit?
Does he agree that these units have a track record up and down the country of tackling knife crime by not just seeing extra police on the frontline, but engaging with schools to ensure that youths and students understand the folly of carrying a knife in the first place?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right: violence reduction units reduce crime and save lives.
I want to thank him, because he was one of the first colleagues who, ahead of the Budget, brought to my attention how impressive the results are.
As a result, I was able to make it a national policy in the Budget.
Many of those campaigning for justice in the contaminated blood scandal will have been encouraged by the reporting in  over the weekend.
Given that time is of the essence, will the Chancellor please indicate by which date the promises will be fulfilled?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right to say that the Government are taking this issue very seriously, and we completely understand that speed is of the essence.