What fiscal steps he is taking to support households with the cost of living.
What fiscal steps he is taking to support households with increases in the cost of living.
Over the last two years, cost of living support has totalled £96 billion, or an average of £3,400 per household.
As a result, living standards, which were predicted to fall 2% last year, rose by nearly 1%, and we are on track to reach pre-pandemic living standards two years early.
I welcome the support that the Government have provided throughout covid and the recent energy crisis for my constituents in Meon Valley—I thank the Government.
It has made a huge difference to people’s domestic budgets, but now inflation is falling and the economy is improving, can we look forward to the Government’s continued support with a range of fiscal steps, including cutting taxes?
We can absolutely do that.
I thank my hon.
Friend for pointing out that the biggest single thing we can do to help people with cost of living pressures is to bring down inflation.
That seems to be something that escaped the shadow Chancellor this morning, when she said it was not a big deal to get inflation down to its target.
It is a very big deal for families facing a cost of living crisis, and she needs to know that inflation falls by design, not by accident.
The Chancellor can talk all he wants about inflation falling, but this is little comfort to my constituents who are still struggling to make ends meet.
Even with the national insurance cut, annual post-tax earnings for the average family remain on course to be £380 lower at the start of 2025 than they  were in 2021—a gap not predicted to close until 2029.
This means yet more years of lost wage growth, so when will the Government get serious about tackling the low-wage, insecure work that they have allowed to become the norm in this country?
Could I suggest, if the hon.
Member really thinks that inflation falling from 11% to 3.2% is little comfort to her constituents, that she might want to talk to a few more of them, because actually it is the biggest single thing that we can do to deal with cost of living pressures.
If she says, “What are we doing to tackle the scourge of low pay?”
we have abolished it by raising the national living wage to £11.44 this year alone.
For someone working full-time, that will mean an increase in their pay of £1,800.
Whether he has taken recent steps with Cabinet colleagues to ensure that people with disabilities can access their child trust fund when they turn 18.
On  9 June 2023 , the Ministry of Justice launched a programme to raise awareness of the Mental Capacity Act 2005 in relation to how and when to access child trust funds.
The first part of this programme is a new toolkit.
The Ministry of Justice will continue that programme of work to raise awareness of how to obtain legal authority to access a child trust fund, for which a court fee waiver is available.
The only way for parents of young people without capacity to access their child trust fund is through a deputyship order.
After consulting on the introduction of a mental capacity small payment scheme, which would allow a suitable person temporary access to release the funds, Ministers opted not to legislate, and instead introduced a toolkit, as has been said.
Over 80,000 young people in England and Wales remain locked out of their child trust fund, so would the Minister agree to look at this again?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her question, and I know how avidly she campaigns in this area.
The House should know—and you should know, Mr Speaker—that I recently met my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Horsham (Sir Jeremy Quin)  and  the hon.