Friend for keeping in touch with me on issues that are brought to his attention by his constituents.
As he knows, it is exactly the Government’s policy to try to achieve that pause, which can then lead to a sustainable ceasefire.
We will continue to do everything we can to achieve that.
What is the Government’s plan to get aid into Gaza now that both Rafah and Kerem Shalom are inaccessible?
Even if they were accessible, with an invasion now started there would be no way to distribute aid.
What is the Government’s plan to get aid in to alleviate the appalling suffering of the Palestinian people?
The hon.
Lady is right to identify that yesterday, Rafah and Kerem Shalom were shut with no aid able to get in.
That is a matter of immense concern to the Government.
She will know that as well as trying to get aid in ourselves by road transport, we have been a leading nation in assisting with the maritime route and with airdrops.
Some 11 airdrops have been made, 10 of them by the Royal Air Force.
Constituents are understandably devastated by what is happening in Gaza right now, which is desperate for those on both sides.
I am conscious of what the Minister has just said about aid being distributed, but will he ensure that all the resources possible are there to enable us to carry on with maritime delivery and airdrops?
Does he agree that ultimately, it is in Hamas’s hands to return the hostages and remove any excuse for further actions in Gaza by Israel?
We will certainly continue to boost the maritime efforts, which, as my right hon.
Friend knows, are ongoing using both British military assets and our stores in the region, particularly in Cyprus, as well as technology for clearing the kit that is available there.
We will continue to do everything we can in extraordinarily difficult circumstances, as we have been, to achieve greater entry of aid into Gaza.
The real concern now is that Netanyahu has one objective, which is to raze Gaza to the ground.
That is what he is intent on doing, and it will include Rafah.
This Government, along with all other western Governments, have told the Israelis that they must not go into Rafah.
I ask the Minister once again: what are the consequences if they do?
Will it be a slap on the wrist and a “Don’t do it again”, or is serious consideration being given to banning the sale of arms and to sanctioning individuals and the Israeli Government collectively?
What are the Government going to do?
Are they going to do anything at all?
I have made it very clear what the Government are seeking to do.
The hon.
Gentleman has outlined what Prime Minister Netanyahu is saying, but there are many different voices in Israel, as we have seen this weekend, including significant demonstrations in support of the policy of getting the hostages back.
Britain is doing everything it can to help achieve that.
For me, the defining feature of this appalling tragedy in Gaza is that the civilian population is trapped between the oppression of an appalling terrorist organisation and an appalling military onslaught.
Given the increasing compression of that population within Rafah, in a much smaller geographical area, the need for precision, restraint and proportionality from the Israelis is ever more acute.
Will the Minister please assure the House that he is doing everything possible to convince the Israelis of the need to preserve the sanctity of human life?
My hon.
Friend will know that the Government have repeatedly underlined the importance of Israel abiding by international humanitarian law.
The Foreign Secretary and the Prime Minister have underlined that point in their frequent contacts.