Given that time is of the essence, will the Chancellor please indicate by which date the promises will be fulfilled?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right to say that the Government are taking this issue very seriously, and we completely understand that speed is of the essence.
It is now only a matter of days before the report will be published; we have always said that we want to publish our response very quickly after that and I assure the hon.
Gentleman that we will not hang around.
The best way for a business to thrive and for customers to receive a great service is for companies to employ individuals on merit.
Does the Chancellor agree that the recent overreach by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority regarding their equality, diversity and inclusion policies is a step too far, and that it is inevitable that those policies will have a negative effect on us all?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
It is important that the FCA bears in mind that it should not be distracted from its core focus on conduct and regulation by things that are more marginal for the people and businesses it oversees.
I urge the FCA to take into account the representations made by my hon.
Friend and by industry in that regard and many others.
The Chancellor recently claimed that £100,000 a year is not a huge salary.
Does he realise how out of touch that sounds to families in my constituency who are working hard, earning much less than that and really struggling because they are paying 25% more for their weekly shop than they were two years ago, and whose mortgages soared after the Tories crashed the economy?
The hon.
Gentleman knows perfectly well that he has taken my comments out of context.
I will tell him what is really out of touch: the shadow Chancellor saying it is not a big deal if inflation falls.
Cramlington has a world-leading pharmaceutical company, Organon, which employs 700 people and produces medicine for the UK market as well as abroad, with a particular focus on women’s health.
Will my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor please meet me to discuss the impact on pharmaceutical investment?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The pharmaceutical industry is worth some £14 billion to our economy.
I am pleased to tell him that the industry has seen a twelvefold increase in equity financing in just the past decade, and I would be pleased to meet him to discuss that further.
Soaring rent costs are the biggest reason why my constituents in Bath are struggling.
The average monthly rent in Bath and north-east Somerset has risen by more than £200 in the past three years.
What support will the Government give to people who rent in the private sector?
That is why we need to build more houses.
The hon.
Lady will be reassured to know that we are building record numbers of houses—in fact, more in the last year than in any single year under the previous Labour Government.
I would like the Chancellor of the Exchequer to know that high business rates are having a devastating effect on small and medium-sized businesses in historic market towns, such as Romford, that are large retail centres.
As the Government are business friendly, will he please look at ways to reduce the burden of business rates on local businesses in constituencies like mine?
May I say what a pleasure it is to be asked a question by my hon.
Friend?
I think this is the first time it has happened since he has been back.
There is no more formidable a champion for Romford.
He speaks about business rates, and we have indeed been doing what we can to bring them down at every fiscal event.
What steps have been taken to support pensioners to know what benefits they are possibly entitled to?