The shadow Foreign Secretary has set out in eloquent terms what is effectively the policy of the Government and the entire House.
He chided the Government for not offering a statement today, but I suggest that the Government have not been slow in coming to the House with frequent statements and responses to urgent questions, and we will of course continue to do so.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked about the Government’s discussions with Prime Minister Netanyahu.
The Prime Minister, the Foreign Secretary and, indeed, the entire Government have been very clear about our advice to Prime Minister Netanyahu, and I have set it out repeatedly in the House.
When I last answered questions from the right hon.
Gentleman here, I made very clear our position on Rafah as well.
He asked about the consequences and how we deal with those.
Britain and our allies, through the United Nations—and I remind him that Britain was pivotal in securing Security Council resolutions 2020 and 2028—are working together to try to improve what is a terrible situation, and we will continue to do just that with, I hope, the support of the whole House.
First, I draw attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
This has been a typically excellent debate.
Across the House I think there is an understanding that, after two or three decades of relative tranquillity, we are living with the threat of proximate warfare.
The price of freedom is of course eternal vigilance, and that is generally agreed across this House, as evidenced by the contributions made, such as that of my right hon.
Friend  the Member for New Forest East (Sir Julian Lewis) .
I think my right hon.
Friend was arguing, slightly cheekily, for defence spending of 44% of GDP, although that was probably in the event of total war, which of course we all want to avoid.
His proposition was that we should never have taken a peace dividend post the cold war, but I think that is a little harsh on our predecessors.
However, plainly the situation has changed, and we must change with it.
I hope very much that Europe will follow our 2.5% commitment, meaning £140 billion more for our collective defence against the primary aggressor.
I would have been very disappointed had my right hon.
Friend not rehearsed the arguments for a continuous at-sea deterrent, which of course is 16,000 tonnes of eternal vigilance.
The right hon.
Members for Wentworth and Dearne (John Healey) and for Garston and Halewood (Maria Eagle), who speak for the Opposition, I think gave us the commitment we were seeking, which is to match the Government’s cash spend.
However, the right hon.
Gentleman was a bit flaky, if I may say so, on the  2.5%, or at least on when it would be achieved and how they would pay for it.
That became clear from the intervention by my hon.
Friend  the Member for North Wiltshire (James Gray) , for which I am grateful.
The right hon.
Member for Wentworth and Dearne is indeed an honourable man and I like him very much, but I am bound to point out that his assurances that Labour is the party of defence run contrary to its management until very recently by a right hon.
Member who had very different ideas indeed.
The right hon.
Gentleman was very keen to recommend  the right hon.
Member for Islington North (Jeremy Corbyn)  to the British public in 2019 as the Prime Minister of this great country and to serve under his leadership for nearly five years, but heaven loves a sinner brought to repentance.
I am also bound to point out that defence is not short of reviews, and another review would mean obfuscation.
I suggest that is the very last thing our armed forces need right now.
At best, it would introduce a huge measure of uncertainty when we simply cannot afford it.