That is strange, because the day after the Budget, the Chancellor told Sky News that
“you can end that unfairness of taxing work: you can merge income tax and national insurance.”
The late Chancellor, Nigel Lawson—the Prime Minister’s hero—warned that merging them would
“destroy the contributory principle and create many losers, especially among the elderly.”
In fact, a retired pensioner with an average occupational pension income of £198 a week would pay an additional £738 a year in tax.
Is the reason that the Conservatives will not come clean not that they are planning to pick pensioners’ pockets to fund the abolition of national insurance?
If the right hon.
Lady listened to my comments carefully, and I do not always give her credit for that, she would know that our policy is to abolish employees’ national insurance, and that means we want to bring it down to zero.
If Labour’s strategy is to win the election by frightening pensioners with fake news stories, I would just say that Britain deserves better.
The taskforce on nature-related financial disclosures came out with its framework last year.
I would like an update on where we are with the International Sustainability Standards Board approach, because just as it has been a huge success for companies and for UK plc to switch to the recommendations of the taskforce on climate-related financial disclosure, it is vital for our planet that we also start to have the TNFD framework as standard right across the board.
My right hon.
Friend is right that this issue is critical.
I am pleased that the ISSB recently announced its intention to commence a research project on a nature thematic standard, carefully considering the TNFD’s recommendations.
His Majesty’s Government have established a formal mechanism to assess the ISSB standards for suitability for the UK to ensure that with a general sustainability standard, and more specifically with a climate sustainability standard, we are doing the right thing for the UK.
The Government will publish an implementation update on sustainability disclosure requirements shortly to provide further information for industry—watch this space.
We have all seen it: the richest Prime Minister in history has spent the weekend telling the public that his plan is working.
Well, it is not working for people in Leeds East, whose taxes are going through the roof while our public services are on their knees.
Would a better plan  not be to go after the tax dodgers, rather than making ordinary people pay the price for this Government’s abject failures?
I have to say that I find this hypocrisy astounding.
First, if the Opposition objected to the national insurance cuts, why did the Leader of the Opposition say that he supported them?
If the Opposition are so keen on abolishing tax dodging, why did they not support our Finance Bill, which had measures in place to do just that?
They did not support it; they abstained on it.
The Bank of England has said that quantitative tightening is not an official part of its monetary policy targeting, yet it is at risk of costing, fiscally, £179 billion in losses underwritten by the Treasury.
That is having a major effect on the fiscal situation of the country.
Will His Majesty’s Government encourage the Bank of England to hold these bonds to maturity, taking the carry cost rather than taking the hit from selling them in the market and crystallising an enormous loss?
In relation to the asset purchase facility and how that has worked over recent years, it is not His Majesty’s Government’s—or indeed the Treasury’s—intention to change the way in which that works with the Bank of England, but as with all measures, the Chancellor keeps everything under close review.
According to the Bank of England, a typical family remortgaging this year will pay £240 a year more in mortgage payments.