The right hon.
Member for North Durham (Mr Jones)  was fighting a bit of a rearguard action on defence spending, which the Opposition Front Benchers now say they support.
If he wants to disregard the costs for Ukraine, he needs to have a word with his colleagues.
Given that I need to face down Putin’s naked aggression, he might as well carve out other parts of the defence budget and say that they do not count either.
I am sure he would not want to do that.
My hon.
Friend the Member for North Wiltshire spoke about votes in Parliament and about warfighting, and I agree with his analysis.
We forget—do we not?—what a grave mistake the Iraq war was.
Having been heavily involved with the effort and the process, I entirely agree with his remarks about LGBT people and I salute the role that the all-party parliamentary group for the armed forces played early on in that process.
The hon.
Member for Tiverton and Honiton spoke about a variety of subjects.
Interestingly, at the end of his remarks he committed his party to, I think, a regular Army of 82,000.
I am not quite sure where that figure came from, but I assume we will hear about the attendant spending pledge in due course—or maybe not.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Filton and Bradley Stoke (Jack Lopresti)  talked about apprentices, defence-related jobs and R&D. That is not surprising given that Abbey Wood in Filton puts his constituency at the beating heart of the defence enterprise; he is a constant advocate for both.
The hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon)  is a strong advocate for the defence enterprise in Northern Ireland, and his part in particular.
He rightly highlighted the further opportunities in Northern Ireland, which I know about full well as a former Northern Ireland Office Minister and Chair of the Northern Ireland Affairs Committee.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Bracknell (James Sunderland)  spoke of enablement and logistics—of interoperability, modularity and plug and play—from a position of real expertise as a former senior logistics officer.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Isle of Wight (Bob Seely)  rightly highlighted the changing nature of warfare.
Mass matters, but so does tech, as we can see with potential game changers such as DragonFire.
I am not sure I agree with him about A400M, but we can perhaps have a debate later over a cuppa or some such.
In our more dangerous world, the Government believe that spending 2.5% of GDP on defence must become the minimum NATO benchmark as Putin ramps up his  wartime economy as part of a network of authoritarian states that are attacking our allies and interests.
NATO must respond, and I am proud that the UK is leading among European allies through our defence reforms and our 2.5% commitment, verifiable against NATO rules, our £75 billion cash boost for defence from a flat cash baseline, and our additional package of support for Ukraine.
As Putin lays waste to his military and recklessly exposes his strengths and weaknesses to general view, we watch, we learn and we act.
Our defence reforms are making our industrial base stronger.
Our investment in our conventional forces, stockpiles and innovation makes us more capable and more lethal.
Our investment in our alliances is making us and our friends more secure.
Our investment in our independent nuclear capability will always make adversaries back off.
I finish by paying tribute to the men and women of our armed forces.
They are the best of us, and as we enter a new age of high-tech warfare we need to remember that, day in, day out.
It is our people and those who support them who put the great in Great Britain.
On that at least I hope we can all agree.
Question put and agreed to.
Resolved,
That this House has considered defence.