Last time I spoke to the Chancellor about that, she said that that was because of the Bank of England’s operational independence, which we all value, but that is not a licence for impunity.
What discussions will she have with the Bank of England about releasing UK Government debt in a way that benefits everybody in the UK?
It is our view that it is absolutely right that the Bank of England has operational independence.
That is in line with international standards and what is happening in jurisdictions around the world, including in the United States and the eurozone.
Recent developments in the UK investment trust sector have once again shone a light on the crucial role that retail investors play in our financial markets.
In her Mansion House speech last November, the Chancellor rightly prioritised leveraging domestic pension capital to drive the Government’s economic growth mission.
Does the Minister agree that greater retail participation in UK financial markets also supports growth and democratises wealth, and will she meet me to discuss how the Government can better support access to financial markets for individuals, including in my constituency?
I am always happy to meet my hon.
Friend, who is a near constituency neighbour.
We absolutely agree that retail investment is crucial.
I want more progress on the advice guidance boundary and  targeted support.
I will be working closely, in my new role, with the Financial Conduct Authority to take that forward.
Residents in my constituency will have been extremely concerned to read the news this morning that the Chancellor plans to announce next week the expansion of Heathrow.
I invite  her to tell us, on the Floor of the House this morning, yes or no: will the Government back expansion at Heathrow?
I am not going to comment on leaks.
I will say that the Government are absolutely committed to growing our economy, and making this a great place for businesses to invest in and trade.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Housing, Communities and Local Government if she will make a statement on community engagement principles and extremism.
National security will always come first for this Government, and we will always treat the threat of extremism with the seriousness that it requires.
As the Prime Minister said this morning,
“Britain now faces a new threat”—
a threat of extreme violence from people who are driven by material online.
They are often now lone individuals who are driven by a twisted desire for notoriety.
It is a threat that we must contend with, alongside that from traditional terrorist groups.
The House will be aware that the Home Secretary will make a statement to the House shortly.
All aspects of this changing threat will be considered in her rapid review, ordered last year, which will inform the Government’s counter-extremism strategy.
The review panel is considering the current understanding of extremism, including Islamist and far-right extremism, and its work will include a focus on how best to tackle the threat posed by extremist ideologies, both online and offline.
Early findings were set out in December, alongside initial measures to tackle the challenges that we face.
The Home Office will provide a further update on the measures and actions arising from the counter-extremism sprint shortly.
Our Department retains responsibility for communities and cohesion policy, and the Deputy Prime Minister has convened a new cross-Government communities recovery steering group to develop a comprehensive strategy to address the underlying causes of divisions in our local communities.
In particular, it seeks to address some of the causes of the disorder across the UK following the Southport tragedy last summer.
We have made it clear that a new approach is urgently needed, and we have backed that with an initial £50 million from the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government community recovery fund to support areas that were impacted over the summer.