Can the Minister reassure the House on the Government’s approach to the Muslim Council of Britain?
The previous Government decided to break off engagement with the MCB for very real reasons,  including the infiltration into that organisation that had happened.
Can the Minister tell the House that he and his Government will not be engaging with it?
Those whom I and all my ministerial colleagues in the Department—and all Ministers including the Prime Minister and across the Government—meet with is a matter of public record, which can be interrogated in its right way.
I am going to stop short of providing a running commentary, organisation by organisation, with regard to who we will not meet—[Interruption.]
As I say, I am not going to provide a running commentary on that organisation.
It is very clear from the record who I do and do not meet.
I was a little bit concerned by the shadow Minister’s conflation of extremism with child sexual exploitation and grooming gangs.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that how we use language is important if we are to avoid eradicating the social cohesion that many of us have spent many, many years establishing in our communities?
It is important that we are careful with our language and with conflations.
One thing I know about, after the many years of building trust in my community, is that it takes a long time to build that trust but it can be lost very quickly if we are thoughtless in the language that we use.
When a crime has the attributes of a terrorist outrage, but the police, in their engagement with the community, proactively announce that it is not initially being treated as such, is that not bound to give rise to public suspicion that the truth is being covered up?
I do not know what in particular the right hon.
Gentleman is referring to—[Interruption.]
Well, he did not have to use coded language if he meant a specific incident.
There is rightly a distinction between what the Government of the day do and what the police do.
We are not here to direct the police.
In line with what I have said, however, all public bodies need to be careful about the language they use because it has real-world consequences.
Members across the House will know how important community engagement is to building strong communities, and that working together with those whose views we may not share but can respect is really important.
I want to pay tribute to the fantastic work of the Bracknell Forest Interfaith Forum for doing exactly that in my community.
The Conservatives, when in government, cut funding to the Inter Faith Network, which was working at national level.
What can we do to support organisations such as the Bracknell Forest Interfaith Forum to bring religious groups together and to help us understand that we do indeed have more in common than that which divides us?
There was real sadness when the previous Government moved away from interfaith as a model.
My hon.
Friend the Faith Minister has been clear about how important he thinks it is, and that is why promoting interfaith work has been a core part of the work he has done so far.
We know that a number of the individuals who are radicalised are encouraged to find that radicalisation by high-risk platforms on the dark web.
Will the Minister and the Home Secretary ensure that they work together with the Department for Culture, Media and Sport to ensure that the Online Safety Act 2023 does as it was intended to do, which is to regulate those high-risk platforms, rather than the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport just allowing Ofcom to step away from them and let them do what they like?
I share the hon.
Lady’s intent.