In the Budget, we were able to extend business rates relief to the retail, hospitality and leisure sector of 40% for the next financial year and then to move it on to a fairer footing, so that high street businesses and smaller businesses pay fairer rates of business tax compared with, for example, the online giants.
The bus manufacturer Alexander Dennis builds innovative electric buses, employing 800 people in Scarborough.
The Chancellor has spoken about the need for public procurement to take better account of employment and environmental standards.
As bus services are brought back into the control of mayors and local authorities, will the Government use public procurement to back British companies such as Alexander Dennis to boost economic growth?
My hon.
Friend is a good advocate for businesses, including Alexander Dennis in Scarborough.
The Government will soon publish a new national procurement policy statement, which will set out our priorities for public procurement in support of our mission to grow the economy.
In addition to the answer I gave my hon.
Friend  the Member for Stoke-on-Trent North (David Williams) , we recognise the importance of buses in growing our economy by getting people to work, but also the opportunities to use public procurement to buy more buses made in this country, supporting good jobs here in Britain.
I call the Chair of the Treasury Committee.
Former Chair, Mr Speaker, but thank you very much for calling me.
It is clear that we all want to see economic growth in rural areas and across the UK, but I am concerned that some of the measures in the Chancellor’s Budget are having the opposite effect.
Which statistic worries her most: the fact that we are at a 20-year high for business closures, or the 100% increase in millionaires leaving the UK?
I have already outlined some of the positive numbers, including the upgrade in the IMF forecast, the PwC report and the fact that the economy had returned to growth in the most recent data and inflation is falling.
Instead of talking our country down, I will be banging the drum to bring in investment and jobs to our country.
A new hospital in Eastbourne would help to drive economic growth in my town and across rural Sussex, but years of Tory tumbleweed and, I am afraid, yesterday’s announcement mean that it will not be delivered and built until 2041.
Will the Chancellor accelerate the release of funds to the Department of Health and Social Care to bring forward the building of our new hospital, to support patients in Eastbourne and beyond, and of course to support wider economic growth?
I recognise the strength of feeling about this issue.
We were left a terrible situation by the previous Government, with a £22 billion black hole in the public finances and the promise of things for which absolutely no money had been put aside.
We have now done the responsible thing by reviewing the programmes that we inherited from the previous Government.
That means that the timetable for some projects has had to be pushed back, but it is because the previous Government made promises knowing that the cheque would bounce.
Businesses in my constituency and across the country are still reeling from the Chancellor’s damaging Budget.
She made a commitment at the Confederation of British Industry conference that she would not come back for more taxes.
Does she stand by that commitment?
I had to do a once-in-a-generation Budget in October to fix the mess in the public finances left by the previous Government.
I will never have to do a Budget like that again because we have now fixed that terrible inheritance.
Devastating changes to inheritance tax, increased environmental costs because of net zero policies, and diversion of farming support to foreign countries—with those kinds of policies, how does the Chancellor ever expect to generate economic growth in rural areas?