I am grateful for the hon.
Gentleman’s question.
His work on the persecution of Christians across the world reads across to some of those challenges in making sure we have cohesive communities across the UK.
Of course, policing in Northern Ireland is a devolved matter, so it is not for a Minister in the UK Parliament, but I assure him that we give the best insight to make sure that public institutions are interacting in the best way possible.
I often feel for junior officers who, early in their service, are having to deal with what are often quite complicated issues in live time.
We want to make sure they get the best information so that they are able to do so.
Before we come to the Home Secretary’s statement, I want to say that I appreciate that it has been most frustrating for the House that we have not been able to discuss the issues relating to this case because of ongoing prosecutions.
Although the case is still technically sub judice until sentencing on Thursday, given that the accused has pleaded guilty to all charges and that there is strong public interest in the House being able to discuss these matters, I am granting a waiver so that Members may discuss it freely.
I am confident that the House’s sub judice resolution has been followed correctly, and I am grateful to Members for their patience in not discussing this case substantially before now.
I am going to ensure that the House’s sub judice resolution is reviewed to ensure it is fit for purpose.
With permission, Mr Speaker, I will make a statement on the Southport murders.
None of us will ever forget the events of  29 July .
The school holidays had just started, and little girls were at a dance class to have fun, dance and sing.
A moment of joy turned into the darkest of nightmares.
We think especially of three little girls—Elsie Dot Stancombe, Bebe King and Alice da Silva Aguiar—their precious smiles and the dreams their families had, and we think of their families’ agony to have that future so brutally destroyed.
They are in all our hearts and prayers, as are those who survived the attack but live with the physical and emotional scars.
Nothing will ever take away their trauma and loss, and we will ensure that they receive the support and care they need in the years to come.
We think, too, of the police and first responders who ran into that scene of unspeakable horror.
The courage they showed and the lives they saved are public service at its very best.
Yesterday, Axel Rudakubana pleaded guilty to all charges.
He stands responsible for one of the most barbaric crimes in our country’s history—the most vile and cowardly attack on little children who could never defend themselves, carried out in the most horrific and traumatic way.
The Crown Prosecution Service has described him as
“a young man with a sickening and sustained interest in death and violence”
who has
“shown no sign of remorse.”
On Thursday, before sentencing, the prosecution will set out what happened that day and the nature of those offences.
Now that the conviction has been secured, the families, the people of Southport and the entire country need answers about how this horrendous attack could ever have happened.
The Government have been constrained in what we could say up to this point about Rudakubana’s past to avoid prejudicing any jury trial, in line with all the normal rules of our British justice systems, because nothing is more important than securing justice, but now we can start to lay out that background.
Multiple different agencies were in contact with Rudakubana and knew about his history of violence.
He was referred to Prevent three times between December 2019 and April 2021, when aged 13 and 14.