Friend in congratulating Intasite on its 10th anniversary as a business, and on the rapid growth it is enjoying.
The announcement we were able to make last year on the carbon capture and storage work in Teesside will be a big driver of jobs and growth there, and I look forward to working with him and local businesses in Stockton to make that a reality.
Does the Chancellor of the Exchequer propose funding the reported £9 billion bill to the Mauritians for the continued use of Diego Garcia through higher taxes, more borrowing or spending cuts?
We are in discussions with the new Administration in the United States around the future of Diego Garcia.
We will set out details in the spending review, as the right hon.
Gentleman would expect.
It is estimated that 148,000 people had their lives cut short between 2010 and 2020 as a result of austerity measures; on top of that, poor health led to more than £13 billion in lost productivity under the previous Government.
What are my right hon.
Friend’s estimates of the different choices, and the impact that they will have on the health of the nation and economic growth?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that question.
I know she studies closely the work of Professor Michael Marmot on life expectancy and the impact of health inequalities on our country.
At the Budget, we increased the minimum wage.
In addition, we extended the household support fund and reduced the amount that could be taken in deductions from universal credit, all to try to put more money in the pockets of ordinary working people, to reduce some of those inequalities and tackle the cost of living crisis.
One of my GP surgeries called me this morning to highlight the impact of the rise in national insurance contributions, which will cost it £40,000.
It can only respond by freezing cost of living pay increases for all its support staff.
Does the Chancellor finally accept that working people up and down the country are paying the price for her tax rises?
What we accept is that the difficult decisions we took at the Budget enabled extra funding to be put into the NHS.
GP surgeries have had a funding settlement that considers all the pressures on them in the round.
My constituency has a proud industrial heritage, with manufacturing still worth £1 billion a year to the local economy from sectors that account for nearly 10% of the UK’s total economic output.
What steps have the Government taken to promote the growth of the manufacturing sector and ensure that towns like Dudley continue to build on their industrial traditions?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that question, and for the work she does to support and promote businesses in Dudley.
Through our modern industrial strategy, and the targeting of eight sectors in which there is huge potential for growth, we will work with businesses right across the country on, for example, reform of the planning system to make it easier for them to build, and reform of the pension system to get funding for businesses, including those in Dudley, that are looking to grow and expand.
Neither the US Federal Reserve nor the EU Central Bank are engaged in active quantitative tightening, but the Bank of England is.
The Bank of England is costing the public finances in the region of £13 billion a year as a result of a fire sale of UK Government bonds.
Last time I spoke to the Chancellor about that, she said that that was because of the Bank of England’s operational independence, which we all value, but that is not a licence for impunity.
What discussions will she have with the Bank of England about releasing UK Government debt in a way that benefits everybody in the UK?
It is our view that it is absolutely right that the Bank of England has operational independence.