That is why we had to take difficult decisions at the autumn Budget, including those to increase the rate of employer national insurance contributions.
Alongside that increase, however, we more than doubled the employment allowance and set out our plans to have permanently lower tax rates for high street RHL properties from April 2026.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
A number of small high street businesses will be hit hard by the Government’s jobs tax and the dramatic reduction in business rates relief, and House of Commons Library research that I commissioned shows that from April 2026 the Government’s reforms to business rates could leave small and independent businesses in effect subsidising the big chains.
Will the Chancellor meet me and a delegation of small and independent businesses from St Albans so that we can make the case for fairer reforms and for wholesale reform of the broken business rates system?
One of the problems with the Liberal Democrats is that they support all our spending plans, but they do not support any of the tax changes to fund them.
This is a prime example.
When we talk about increasing employer national insurance contributions, we acknowledge that that was one of the toughest decisions we took at the Budget, but it was necessary to fix the public finances and provide support for those public services, which I note the Liberal Democrats are very keen to support.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
When I became Chancellor, there was a £22 billion black hole in the public finances.
We simply could not carry on like that, which is why I have taken control of our public finances and made growth the No.
1 priority of the Government to improve living standards.
In December, I launched the second phase of our spending review, where for the first time in 17 years every single pound of taxpayer money will be investigated line by line to ensure that it is being spent well.
The spending review will set resource or day-to-day departmental budgets until 2028-29 and capital departmental budgets until 2029-30.
On  11 June , when we conclude the review, I will present departmental budgets to the House.
The recent drop in the rate of inflation is welcome news for those facing financial pressures across Coatbridge and Bellshill, as is the expectation that the UK will become the fastest growing economy in Europe.
What further action is my right hon.
Friend taking, working in partnership with Cabinet colleagues, to ensure that working families continue to see prices fall and living standards rise?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that question.
I know that the cost of living has a deep impact on all our constituents, including in Coatbridge and Bellshill.
Like my hon.
Friend, I was pleased to see the reduction in inflation last week.
The Bank of England’s independence is sacrosanct to carry on those efforts.
In addition, we increased the minimum wage in the Budget, we have reformed universal credit to reduce deductions and we have extended the household support fund, all to help ensure that working families have more money in their pockets.
I call the shadow Chancellor.
A moment ago, the right hon.
Lady spoke about the importance of spending money wisely, so in the light of the Treasury Committee’s conclusion that her new Office for Value for Money is a waste of money, does she agree that one of its early actions should be to abolish itself in order to save money?
I was pleased to appoint Tom Hayhoe to run the Office for Value for Money—somebody who has a track record of delivering value for money for taxpayers.
What the Government want to scrap is giving contracts to friends and donors, because that was a colossal waste of money instigated by the Conservative party.