Mr Speaker, I spoke to the Minister beforehand, so he knows where I am coming from with my question.
I understand that some families of those affected who have passed away have retired to Northern Ireland, and they deserve their pensions.
That being the case, has the right hon.
Gentleman had an opportunity to ascertain the numbers of those in Northern Ireland who will qualify for such pensions, and will he chase up those people to ensure they get the moneys they deserve?
I thank the hon.
Member for his question.
I am afraid I have not had time to do so since he told me 35 minutes ago that he was going to ask that question, but I have heard it clearly.
I will take that away and come back to him in course.
What steps she is taking through the tax system to support SMEs.
What steps she is taking through the tax system to support the retail sector.
What steps she is taking through the tax system to support the hospitality and tourism sectors.
The Government announced a range of measures at the autumn Budget to support SMEs, including in the retail, hospitality and leisure sectors.
They include more than doubling the employment allowance, freezing the small business rates multiplier, extending RHL relief to 40%, maintaining the small profits rate and reducing the duty on qualifying draught products, which represent 60% of alcoholic drinks sold in pubs.
The Labour manifesto committed to replacing the business rates system.
However, last week at the Treasury Committee, the Minister seemed to rule out the kind of comprehensive reform that the Liberal Democrats and others have been campaigning for, and indicated that there might only be a tinkering around the edges of rates and reliefs.
Can the Minister confirm today whether the Government still intend to replace the business rates system, or will they just be tinkering around the edges of this broken system?
I think that retail, hospitality and leisure businesses, which are the backbone of our high street, might object to the idea of permanently lower tax rates as “tinkering around the edges”.
That is a fundamental change that we want to bring in from April 2026 to make sure they have stability, certainty and permanently lower rates.
Alongside it are our wider  ambitions in the “Transforming Business Rates” discussion paper, which I invited the hon.
Gentleman to read and respond to at last week’s Treasury Committee.
I draw Members’ attention to my declaration in the register of interests.
Retail is an important part of the economy in my constituency, which includes many wonderful independent businesses.
Will, who runs the excellent Wandering Palate in Monton, wrote to me about the challenges he is facing.
Will the Minister outline the measures the Government are taking to support small business owners like Will in my constituency and across the country to enable our high streets to thrive?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question and for referencing Wonderful Palate, the business in his constituency.
I do not know the details of the rateable value of that property, but I point the owner to the fact that we are retaining small business rate relief, freezing the small business multiplier next year and extending the retail, hospitality and leisure relief in 2025-26.
I also point the owner of that business and other businesses to our future plan, as I mentioned, to have permanently lower tax rates for retail, hospitality and leisure businesses with values of below £500,000, as well as to consider reforms to small business rate relief to better support businesses that want to expand into a second premises.
What consideration have Ministers given to exempting the seasonal tourism industry from the national insurance hikes set to kick in this summer?
That would benefit Paignton zoo and Splashdown in the Torbay constituency.