This Government recognise the contributions that miners made to the prosperity of the nation and the challenging circumstances in which they worked.
That is why the Government agreed to transfer the investment reserve  fund to members of the mineworkers’ pension scheme, so that the mineworkers who powered our country receive a fairer pension.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that ending the injustice of the mineworkers’ pension scheme is great news not only for the 849 former mineworkers in my constituency who will benefit, but for the economies of the local communities where they live, which were left behind by the previous Government?
Will he and his colleagues in government continue to engage with the trustees of the British Coal staff superannuation scheme to ensure that, in the same way, the funds built up in that scheme are used for the benefit of its members?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question and his work on behalf of his constituents.
He may know that, in the previous Parliament, I and colleagues worked on the mineworkers’ pension scheme through the Business and Trade Committee to lay the ground for the initiatives that this Government were quickly able to implement on coming into government.
Unfortunately, that work had not yet been done for the British Coal staff superannuation scheme, which is why Ministers are meeting the scheme’s trustees to consider the options.
This is an important issue for south Wales families.
My uncle Jacky was a deputy at Cwm Marine pit and my uncle Georgie was a deputy at Oakdale.
Sadly, they have now passed, but they were members of the British Coal pension scheme.
Many of their mining friends will be in their 80s and 90s, and their pensions deserve uplifting, so will the Minister please commit to making good progress here?
Time is running out for the men and women who fired our industrial past.
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that question on an issue that I know is deeply important to him, his constituents and his family, and on which he has worked for many years.
The Government are actively considering proposals from the scheme’s trustees, and we will set out the next steps in due course.
My hon.
Friend the Minister for Industry in the Department for Business and Trade will be working on the detail, and I will be meeting her shortly to consider the options.
I have significant former mining areas in the Douglas valley and Upper Nithsdale in my constituency.
Constituents there are concerned about the British Coal scheme, because many people in that scheme actually worked underground before being promoted into other jobs.
To ensure fairness in the implementation of this Government policy, will the Minister make sure that the timescale on which they are compensated is the same as that for those in the other scheme?
I thank the right hon.
Member for his question, and I think “fairness” is the right word.
That is why we worked in opposition to try to persuade the last Government to act on the mineworkers’ pension scheme, but we failed because the last Government did not think this was an urgent issue for them to consider.
The Labour Government have implemented this change at our first Budget, and that is fairness in  action.
We will continue to work with trustees of the BCSSS, and we will come back with further options in due course.
Let us go to the Member for that well-known mining area of Strangford.
Mr Speaker, I spoke to the Minister beforehand, so he knows where I am coming from with my question.
I understand that some families of those affected who have passed away have retired to Northern Ireland, and they deserve their pensions.
That being the case, has the right hon.