Friend for the work that she has put into this proposal and for her commitment to delivering growth in her constituency of Stoke.
On a recent visit, I had the opportunity to meet JCB in the region and see its important work, particularly on the use of hydrogen.
I encourage my hon.
Friend to meet the Minister for Services, Small Businesses and Exports—I am happy to set up that meeting—whose portfolio includes local growth.
The Government are committed to driving growth in the midlands, which is why I confirmed funding for the west midlands investment zone at the autumn Budget and also confirmed an extension of the UK shared prosperity fund.
I warmly welcome the recent investment of an extra £20 million for our buses and an extra £11 million to fix our broken roads across Stoke-on-Trent and Staffordshire.
Does the Chancellor agree that continuing to invest in our roads and public transport is an excellent way to keep our communities connected and to increase job opportunities to boost our local economy?
It is great to see two strong advocates for Stoke in the Chamber today.
A number of local authorities and, indeed, Labour mayors have raised with me bus procurement and the importance of buses for the local economy.
I look forward to working with them, particularly David Skaith in York and North Yorkshire and Steve Rotheram in Liverpool, to boost bus services in communities, and particularly rural communities, to support jobs in the UK.
At the Budget, I allocated more than £1 billion for local bus services, and that includes £712 million for local authorities to support and improve bus services in the next financial year.
Museums make an important contribution to our cultural life, but also to our economy.
The Arts Council and the Museums Association found that net expenditure on museums and galleries has decreased by almost 40% in real terms since 2009.
I welcome the Chancellor’s recognition that the creative industries are key to delivering growth and that national museums were given support in the recent Budget, but what steps can the Government take to support regional civic museums, such as Derby museum, which did not benefit from that funding?
The Culture Secretary was pleased that the creative industries were one of the sectors included in our industrial strategy.
She hosted an event with members of the creative industries taskforce in Newcastle just last week to emphasise the importance of having good cultural offers and art and museums in local communities.
I am happy to sort out a meeting for my hon.
Friend with the relevant Minister to discuss access to the arts and culture in Mid Derbyshire.
As my right hon.
Friend knows, South Shields is a gorgeous coastal tourist town.
We pride ourselves on our small businesses and our strong hospitality industry, but she will also know they are struggling after years of neglect by the Conservatives.
To help those businesses, will she outline what consideration she has given to reducing VAT on our hospitality, leisure and tourism sectors?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that question.
I remember a very nice dinner of fish and chips with her in her constituency just a few years ago, and she is a strong advocate for local businesses in South Shields.
In the Budget, we were able to extend business rates relief to the retail, hospitality and leisure sector of 40% for the next financial year and then to move it on to a fairer footing, so that high street businesses and smaller businesses pay fairer rates of business tax compared with, for example, the online giants.
The bus manufacturer Alexander Dennis builds innovative electric buses, employing 800 people in Scarborough.
The Chancellor has spoken about the need for public procurement to take better account of employment and environmental standards.