Lady spoke about the importance of spending money wisely, so in the light of the Treasury Committee’s conclusion that her new Office for Value for Money is a waste of money, does she agree that one of its early actions should be to abolish itself in order to save money?
I was pleased to appoint Tom Hayhoe to run the Office for Value for Money—somebody who has a track record of delivering value for money for taxpayers.
What the Government want to scrap is giving contracts to friends and donors, because that was a colossal waste of money instigated by the Conservative party.
The Chancellor’s answer was an answer, but I do not think that it connected in any way with my question.
Could I perhaps ask her about national insurance hikes?
A full two thirds of the revenues raised through Labour’s job tax is simply going on servicing the additional debt being run up by this profligate Government.
Given that, does she really believe that the catastrophic effects of that tax on businesses right up and down the country are a price worth paying?
We inherited a £22 billion black hole in the public finances, and we set out the detail of that at the time of the Budget.
It was essential to close that  gap to bring stability back to the public finances.
That required difficult decisions, but they were the right decisions to ensure that our country has the stability that it lacked for so many years and under so many different Prime Ministers and Chancellors under the Conservative party.
My  constituency of Mansfield has more members of the British Coal staff superannuation scheme than any other constituency in the country.
Will the Chief Secretary outline the process and questions that need to be satisfied to release the investment reserve fund to the surviving beneficiaries of the scheme?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this issue, which clearly is important to him and his constituents.
I confirmed to the House today that the Minister for Trade in the Department for Business and Trade is working with the trustees of the BCSSS to consider options.
I will meet the Minister to look at those options and provide further updates to the House in due course.
The Local Government Association estimates that the Budget’s increases to employer national insurance contributions will cost local councils an extra £637 million per year.
The Government’s funding settlement for councils in relation to that of £515 million will leave them with a gap, putting key services such as social care, pothole repairs and leisure facilities at risk.
Will the Chancellor commit to fully finding that gap for local councils, rather than them having to look for savings?
During the passage of the National Insurance Contributions (Secondary Class 1 Contributions) Bill, we set out clearly how the scheme would work to reimburse costs for public departments or local government.
That measure is in line with what the previous Government attempted to do with the health and social care levy.
Where third-party private contractors are engaged, those costs will be considered by local government or other public sector organisations in the round.
The previous Conservative Government decided to back an INEOS project in Antwerp, with a £600 million loan guarantee.
I have spoken with the current the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero and the Under-Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, my hon.
Friend the Member for Rutherglen (Michael Shanks) about that, and I have been told that the Government have no plans to stop that money, even though INEOS plans to close the Grangemouth refinery, with the loss of thousands of jobs.
Why is there £600 million for Antwerp and not Grangemouth, and why would the Government allow that to happen and not use the £600 million as leverage with INEOS, to avoid Scottish job losses?