I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
As we know, the world is a fast-moving and scary place, and people who feel disempowered and isolated often turn to the internet.
They are often vulnerable, and their reliance on the internet for everything in their world puts them at even greater risk.
We must work with our community leaders to make the most of the information that they hold, and get early notice of problems.
What worries me is that if we make assumptions and do not work with our communities, there is a risk of authoritarian decision making that affects all of us.
What consultation has there been with communities on the changes, and what additional burdens might fall on local authorities following changes to how the Government work?
Furthermore, with such extreme things taking place online, especially on the platforms of social media giants based across the pond, what are the Government actively doing to unite faith and cultural leaders, environmental groups, industries and people across generations to foster unity and stop extremism across the whole spectrum?
I agree with a lot of what the hon.
Lady’s says about earlier interventions and tackling isolation at its root.
As she says, local authorities are really important partners in that endeavour.
That is why we will ensure that whatever comes out of our communities and recovery steering group leans into the partnership with local authorities and local law enforcement, where possible, to ensure that the right resources and support are in place.
The hon.
Lady asks about engagement and ensuring that we have a contribution from those affected across our faith communities.
My noble Friend from the other place, Lord Khan, the Faith Minister, has met representatives of all faiths and will continue to do so.
The Government will keep having that important dialogue with different faith groups to ensure that the ideas that we bring forward will be effective and are rooted in real life, but we will also promote inter-faith work, which she mentioned.
I know from my own community that when we have had challenges, the best thing we have had to lean on to tackle hate, wherever it might emerge, is the inter-faith relationship.
There is real division in our communities, and extremism is changing at great speed.
Although the vast majority of Members in this House treat such division as a tragedy and as something that needs to be solved calmly, there are some, sadly, who appear to view it as a political opportunity.
Does the Minister agree that Members need to be calm in their dialogue on this issue, and that when they are not, they should be called out by all political parties?
I have always felt that there were two types of politician.
There are those who seek to move things forward politically by bringing people together, and those who seek to exploit division.
It is up to individual hon.
and right hon.
Members to decide which is their personal approach.
When there is divisive—or bordering on hateful—language in political parties, we would expect them to resolve that in their normal ways.
With regard to leadership in this country, we are certainly the luckiest people in the country.
We get to come here every day and tackle these issues head-on in the interests of our communities and our country.
Almost exclusively, Members use that platform for good.
We have important distinctions and differences, and that is great in a democracy, but we want to bring the country together and move it forward together.
That is certainly the approach that I will be using.
Can the Minister reassure the House on the Government’s approach to the Muslim Council of Britain?
The previous Government decided to break off engagement with the MCB for very real reasons,  including the infiltration into that organisation that had happened.
Can the Minister tell the House that he and his Government will not be engaging with it?