That is why both dealing with the Home Office backlog in processing claims and returns and working with counterparts in the Ministry of Justice to ensure that the tribunal process is up to speed are intrinsically important to the ODA budget.
Under the last Administration, crucial ODA for bilateral aid in countries around the world that were in desperate need of it was  cut at short notice because of their mishandling of the asylum system.
That will not happen under this Government.
I know that Members on the Treasury Bench attach great importance to the international development budget, not least because I recall that the Chancellor of the Exchequer supported my efforts to stop the 0.7% being cut by my own Government, even winding up the debate with great skill and flair.
Will Treasury Ministers therefore follow in the footsteps of the Chancellor’s predecessor, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Godalming and Ash (Jeremy Hunt) , and top up the budget with an additional £2.5 billion so that the Foreign Office and the Government can achieve their own international development objectives?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman, as I am sure the Chancellor does, for his kind words.
A key part of the test on ODA spending in terms of fiscal circumstances requires those circumstances to improve.
One of the reasons we are in this problem in the first place is because of the mess the previous Administration left this country in.
We are working hard to turn that around.
I call Helen Maguire.
Recent flooding in Leatherhead left footpaths near essential services such as train stations overflooding—
Order.
It is the question number I need.
Minister, you can just answer the question and then we will have the second part.
What assessment she has made of the potential implications for her fiscal policies of recent trends in levels of investment in green infrastructure.
Too many parts of the country and too many families have felt the devastating effects of flooding in recent months, not least in South Wales and in the hon.
Member’s constituency.
The Government have committed £2.4 billion over the next two years to increase community flood resilience.
Everyone in this House recognises that flooding is a challenge that will be with us for years to come, and we will set out further plans at the spending review.
Right—oh, go on, Bill Esterson.
The vote of confidence by PwC, the upgrading of the growth forecast by the International Monetary Fund and the £63 billion announced at the growth summit are all indications of this Government’s successful plans.
Does the Minister agree that they are added to by the clear direction on green investment in energy projects and that that will deliver success for our economy, as well as contributing to our climate targets?
We take very seriously the need to protect communities from flooding and to deliver on our commitments on climate in the years ahead.
It is important that we consider both principles and that is what the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs and the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero are doing.
Let’s go back to Helen Maguire.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
Recent flooding in Leatherhead left footpaths near essential services such as train stations overflooding with sewage.
In Leatherhead, there are no alternative options to divert water.
Given the importance of long-term flood preparations, will the Chancellor commit to securing funding for flood defences beyond 2025-26?
The hon.
Member will know that specific flood defence schemes will be considered in the normal way.
When it comes to funding beyond 2025-26, those will be decisions on overall levels of funding that are taken in the spending review later this year.
Order.
Let us move to Dr Allison Gardner.
rose—
No, we have Gareth Davies up next.
We are in complete chaos—[Laughter.]
We have the wrong names coming in.
What has confused everybody is the fact that Question 3 was withdrawn.