As I have set out, the UK CBAM will mitigate the risk of carbon leakage by placing a carbon price on some of the most emissions-intensive industrial goods imported into the UK, including in the iron and steel sector.
The UK CBAM is designed for the UK context, and in some areas, its emissions scope is wider than the EU CBAM—in respect of indirect emissions, for instance.
The first CBAM industry working group was held earlier this week, and I understand that a representative of the UK steel sector attended.
I will make sure that my officials continue to engage with the industry sectors most affected, and I am very happy to discuss this further with my hon.
Friend.
Heavy industry, whether it is steel, ceramics or so many other areas, is totally dependent on low energy costs.
The trajectory is that energy costs are rising, especially in industry, whether as a result of regulation or world markets.
Many other countries are doing more to protect their heavy industries by making sure they can have low input costs for energy.
What more can the Minister do to protect our heavy industry in the future?
The No.
1 thing for industry and households is to bring down the cost of energy.
That is why we are investing in renewable home-grown energy for the future, to make sure we have energy independence, energy security and, crucially, lower bills for those households and businesses.
What assessment she has made of the potential implications for her regulatory policies of recent trends in levels of money laundering in retail businesses.
This Government are committed to tackling money laundering.
Money laundering through cash-based high street businesses is a known issue, and the Treasury works closely with law enforcement agencies to monitor trends in criminality and ensure resources are deployed towards the most significant threats.
Hard-working shopkeepers and entrepreneurs across the country, including in Bromsgrove and the villages, play by the rules and pay their taxes.
What is the estimated loss of revenue to the Exchequer from money laundering in retail environments in towns and villages across the country, and what are the Government doing to crack down on this?
It is right that we take a robust approach to money laundering, and we have a tailored approach to cash deposit limits to reflect the differences in needs and risk profiles across businesses’ customer bases.
I am committed to working with the Financial Conduct Authority and others to ensure we strike the right balance—one that allows businesses to continue their operations but also ensures that we assess the risk posed by those who might be using their businesses to launder money.
What additional support can the Government offer to Customs and Excise, local authorities and police forces in gathering supporting evidence that can then be provided to His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs?
High street money launderers are brazen fronts for significant criminal enterprises.
We take this issue very seriously.
The Treasury owns the money laundering regulations, but the FCA has a key role as a major supervisor, and we work very closely with the criminal enforcement agencies.
Of course, those agencies are independent, but we are absolutely committed to clamping down on money laundering.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to uplift former mineworkers’ pensions.
What steps she has taken with Cabinet colleagues to uplift former mineworkers’ pensions.
This Government recognise the contributions that miners made to the prosperity of the nation and the challenging circumstances in which they worked.
That is why the Government agreed to transfer the investment reserve  fund to members of the mineworkers’ pension scheme, so that the mineworkers who powered our country receive a fairer pension.
Does my right hon.