In last year’s written ministerial statement—this, I have to say, is something with which I simply cannot agree—the previous Secretary of State, for whom I have a lot of respect, chose for the Department to assume a great deal of responsibility for the issue, essentially on the part of the entire Government.
I do not think that is the right approach, for very good reasons.
Counter-extremism should, I believe, be the fundamental purview of the Home Office, not least because of the Home Office’s access to confidential information that is often not available to the MCHLG.
The approach that we have chosen in the new Government is to have a cross-Government but Home Office-led counter-extremism sprint, which will lead in due course to a counter-extremism strategy that shapes the Government’s way forward.
That is a different approach to what is, I believe, a commonly understood problem.
I cannot accept the hon.
Gentleman’s characterisation of the previous process as robust.
Let us be honest: it was not used.
The previous Secretary of State made a detailed written ministerial statement and set out a system that could have led on this issue.
He named some  organisations, but it was very clear in the written ministerial statement that he was not prejudging any process for those organisations, and he subsequently did not use the process.
I would question the hon.
Gentleman’s attachment to a previous process that the previous Government chose not to use.
On the point about openness, I have answered multiple questions from the shadow Secretary of State and the shadow Minister.
I will continue to do so, and we will be as open as we possibly can be.
Similarly, with regard to the steering group, I do not think we have made that information public, but I am sure there is no problem in doing so.
I will make sure that it is available.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
At a time when we are seeing such an increase in religious hate crime, including Islamophobia and antisemitism, we all have a duty in this House to be careful about the language we use.
I hope that the Government will look at their language, because it is vital for community cohesion that we are careful and do not unintentionally inflame tensions.
There are some really critical issues to consider, not just in this country but around the world.
The Minister said that he is looking at the definition of extremism, and at changing measures put in place by the previous Government.
Will he outline whether the Government will consult on any new definition?
If we are honest and look back, there was a lack of consultation by the previous Government.
I am grateful for the Chair of the Select Committee’s question.
Language is important, and it is reasonable and right that our constituents expect us to be robust with those who choose to challenge and undermine democracy and the basic principles that guide our society, but also that we do not use our very privileged platform to give succour to hateful ideas and prejudices.
Indeed, one thing that we know about the changing nature of terror is that individuals are taking cues from organisations that stop short of the threshold for inflaming terrorist-type behaviours.
They are using that as encouragement, so we all have a responsibility to be measured in our response.
With regard to the engagement with the Home Office, we want to make sure that anything that comes out of the cross-Government sprint and into the strategy can be bought into and owned by communities across the country, so there will be engagement.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
As we know, the world is a fast-moving and scary place, and people who feel disempowered and isolated often turn to the internet.
They are often vulnerable, and their reliance on the internet for everything in their world puts them at even greater risk.