As I said to  the hon.
Member for Hinckley and Bosworth (Dr Evans)  last week, the hon.
Gentleman has to get real.
There have been global movements in financial markets that have affected the United Kingdom, but if he looks at the PWC report from yesterday, the most recent report on market confidence, global CEOs see the UK as the second best place in the world to invest, after the US.
The International Monetary Fund forecasts that the UK is set to be the fastest-growing major economy in Europe, which one would have thought Conservative Members would welcome.
I know my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor will not be satisfied until residents in Bracknell, and across the country, feel the benefits of economic improvement in their pay packets and their day-to-day lives, so will she set out what more she can do to ensure we tackle the cost of living and fix the economic mess we have inherited from the Conservatives?
After 14 years of stagnant growth and the decline in living standards during the last Parliament, my hon.
Friend is absolutely right that we must turn around that performance.
That is what this Government are determined to do.
The planning and infrastructure Bill will come to Parliament shortly, followed by the pensions Bill, which will unlock long-term pension capital and make it easier for businesses to get things done in this country.
I call the shadow Minister.
The Chancellor makes reference to the PWC report, but half of the survey in that report was done before the Budget.
The Chancellor and I spent a very happy three years sitting next to each other at the Treasury Committee, and she was incredibly good at demanding straight answers from the witnesses that came in front of the Committee.
She has already been asked questions about the fact that the fiscal headroom is only £10 billion and the increase in the cost of borrowing is now going to go through the roof so, at some point, she will have to raise taxes, cut investment or increase debt.
Which will it be?
The headroom in our Budget was larger than the headroom that we inherited from the previous Government, so we have put aside more money for changes in economic prospects.
The OBR has not yet done its forecast, which will take a whole variety of factors into account, and we will make decisions based on that.
I have been really clear that our fiscal rules are non-negotiable because, unlike the Conservatives, we are determined to meet the fiscal rules, not break them time and again.
I call the spokesperson for the Liberal Democrat party.
The rising cost of borrowing will bring more misery to mortgage holders, with reports suggesting that some mortgage holders could pay an extra £500 a year.
Given that potential global trade tensions could further affect the UK’s financial stability, what assurances will the Government provide that UK lenders remain in a strong position to support households and small businesses?
Labour and Liberal Democrat Members are mindful of the last Government’s impact on mortgage borrowing costs for many of our constituents, and we are determined to tackle the cost of living crisis.
As the hon.
Member knows, I have written to financial regulators, including the Financial Conduct Authority, about regulating for growth, not just for risk, so that we can help more people get on the housing ladder and help grow our economy.
What the fiscal circumstances are that would allow official development assistance to return to 0.7% of gross national income.
The Government remain committed to restoring ODA spending to 0.7% of GNI as soon as fiscal circumstances allow.