Will the Minister and the Home Secretary ensure that they work together with the Department for Culture, Media and Sport to ensure that the Online Safety Act 2023 does as it was intended to do, which is to regulate those high-risk platforms, rather than the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport just allowing Ofcom to step away from them and let them do what they like?
I share the hon.
Lady’s intent.
We know that, whether it is in publicly available online forums or on the dark web, there are people who will use all corners of the internet to promote their views and to promote hateful ideologies.
As part of our counter-extremism sprint and the strategy that will follow from that, we are looking very carefully at this and at the tools that we need to tackle it.
We will all be sadly familiar with the shocking and racist remarks made by the Conservative party donor Frank Hester last year.
I do not intend to repeat them in this House, so that we do not have to relive them, but does the Minister agree that that kind of language encourages extremism and has no place in our politics?
We all have to be careful, both as individuals and collectively within our parties, about the individuals with whom we choose to associate and from whom we choose to take money, so that we do not send messages that we would not want to send.
The Minister mentioned a rapid review; perhaps he can give the House a timetable.
As part of that review, could he include the Charity Commission and ask what charities might be dividing our communities rather than unifying them?
Also, could more officials from the Cabinet Office and the Home Office be seconded to his Department so that the decisions around Prevent and this review are taken in a better way?
On the development of the strategy, I do not want to pre-empt the Home Secretary because I am conscious that she is making the next statement.
On Cabinet Office resourcing and secondments, our commitment, as the House would expect, is that fundamentally we are one Government and we must find internal ways to work effectively.
Come what may, we will not hide behind that as an excuse for why things are not effective.
Instead, when Ministers ask questions, we will address them in the spirit of one Government.
I commend both sides of the House on how they have respectfully approached this statement, because that is really important.
The Minister talked about the robustness of this topic, and I am keen to pick him up on that, because one tenet in the UK is all about safety and the other is freedom of speech.
Can the Government rule out changing any definitions that could lead, intentionally or unintentionally, towards blasphemy laws, because free speech is really important?
The Home Secretary will have the chance to talk about the counter-extremism strategy in due course, but I assure the hon.
Gentleman that we have been looking at the early signs from that review, and these were talked about in December by my hon.
Friend the Security Minister.
To some degree these were about the places in which hate festers rather than about legislative changes.
Our thoughts today are with the families of those three poor little girls and with everybody who was hurt in that terrible event last summer.
It is inexcusable that state agencies missed vital opportunities to intervene in this devastating case, including at three crucial points following Prevent referrals.
These failings shine a grim light on the significant cracks in our public services, following years of spending cuts and underinvestment.
Will the Minister join me in calling for the public inquiry to consider the role of austerity since 2010 as a contributing factor to these terrible failings?