Member knows, I have written to financial regulators, including the Financial Conduct Authority, about regulating for growth, not just for risk, so that we can help more people get on the housing ladder and help grow our economy.
What the fiscal circumstances are that would allow official development assistance to return to 0.7% of gross national income.
The Government remain committed to restoring ODA spending to 0.7% of GNI as soon as fiscal circumstances allow.
The latest OBR forecasts show that the ODA fiscal tests are not due to be met within this Parliament,  but we will continue to monitor future forecasts closely and each year we will review and confirm, in accordance with the International Development (Official Development Assistance Target) Act 2015, whether a return to spending at 0.7% of GNI on ODA is possible.
I thank the Minister for protecting the level of ODA given the fiscal situation we inherited, but there are more wars going on in the world than at any time since world war two.
Will he review the fiscal formula, which he and the Chancellor rightly voted against when put forward by the previous Government, put the ODA budget on a long-term settlement, and meet me to discuss how we can improve UK safety through the ODA budget?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question on a topic that I know she has great expertise in.
She will know that it is important that spending across Departments, whether on military, humanitarian or economic support, is aligned with our ODA spending.
The multi-year spending review is under way, and we will confirm budgets in June for the years ahead.
As I have confirmed, we will come back to the House every year to review and confirm the fiscal tests as they relate to 0.7% of GNI on ODA.
Given that the Office for Budget Responsibility forecasts that the fiscal test of returning to 0.7% will not be met in this Parliament, and that there has been no equivalent uplift to the £2.5 billion that the Conservatives put to spend on in-country refugee costs, are the Minister and this Labour Government content to have presided over a real-terms cut to the ODA budget compared with the previous Conservative Government?
One of the issues, to which the hon.
Lady alludes, is that under the last Administration, when they lost control of the borders and the asylum system, the cost of hotels to house asylum seekers waiting for their decision was included in the ODA definition of spending.
That is why the Home Secretary is working at pace to reduce that backlog as quickly as possible, and we are making much more significant progress than the previous Administration did in many years.
To follow on from the Minister’s answer, Members will be reminded of the fact that ODA costs spent in the UK are now at record levels, thanks to the last Government.
That should not be the case.
ODA should be spent, as much as possible, in the world’s poorest countries.
What steps are the Government taking to help the Home Office bring down those costs so that more aid can be spent where it is truly needed?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
That is why both dealing with the Home Office backlog in processing claims and returns and working with counterparts in the Ministry of Justice to ensure that the tribunal process is up to speed are intrinsically important to the ODA budget.
Under the last Administration, crucial ODA for bilateral aid in countries around the world that were in desperate need of it was  cut at short notice because of their mishandling of the asylum system.
That will not happen under this Government.