HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF MR. ARMAND M. MARTINELLI Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, today I pay tribute to the late Armand M. Martinelli, a beloved teacher, veteran, husband, father, grandfather, great-grandfather and community leader from Northeastern Pennsylvania who has left an indelible mark on our community through his profound dedication to education and service. Armand Martinelli, a devout Roman Catholic born in Olyphant, PA, embodied the values of faith, integrity, and selflessness throughout his 92 years of life. From his humble beginnings at Lafayette School in Scranton and Mother Cabrini School to becoming a member of the first 4- year graduating class at Scranton Preparatory School, Armand's early education laid the foundation for a lifetime of intellectual pursuit and service to others. Armand Martinelli served his country valiantly during the Korean War. His military journey took him from the 101st Airborne in Breckinridge, Kentucky, to the U.S. Counter Intelligence School at Fort Holabird in Baltimore, Maryland. He displayed unwavering commitment and courage as a special agent with the 704th CIC in Teague and the 308th CIC in Pusan, earning the respect and gratitude of his fellow soldiers. Upon returning to civilian life, Armand embraced a diverse array of occupations before discovering his true calling as an educator. For over 5 decades, he worked as a self-employed painter, an insurance agent, and a teacher at West Scranton High School. It was within the walls of West Scranton High School that Armand would leave an enduring legacy as an influential and dedicated educator. For 30 years, Armand taught social studies, Latin, and journalism, molding the minds of countless students who passed through his classrooms. His commitment extended beyond the subject matter; he served as an athletic director for 24 years and provided guidance to numerous clubs and organizations, including the yearbook, school newspaper, and Latin club, among others. His passion for education and genuine care for his students earned him the love and admiration of those he taught, and many kept in touch with him long after graduation. Outside the classroom, Armand's dedication to public service was equally commendable. He actively sought to improve our community, serving as a member of the Scranton School Board where be championed education initiatives. He also played an integral role in the formation