The storms we have just had were very powerful and about 400,000 people lost power to their homes, but 99% of them had their power restored within 24 hours as a result of the planning and preparedness that this Government have put in place.
We have learned the lessons.
We now have improved public warnings, we have hardened infrastructure and, crucially, we forward deploy repair experts.
When we see storms forming over the Atlantic, we signal to local partners in the utilities and the emergency services, and they go out and get ready on the ground, doing everything from clearing storm drains to getting ready to repair infrastructure that might be vulnerable.
We have better public information.
The public are much more connected with the activity of storms.
Naming storms may seem like a superficial change, but we know that is has improved public awareness of what is going on.
We have clearer travel advice and the Department for Transport is doing great work through our operators.
We also have superior forecasting.
The Government have invested a great deal in compute capacity and forecasting capacity that enables us to see where storms are coming from.
Better co-ordination and deployment of resources from the centre means that we are working better with partners on the ground and getting a better response when extreme events take place.
I thank the Minister for his statement and I thank his officials in the Cabinet Office who do so much that is often unseen.
On those with a higher public profile, will he join me in thanking the Environment Agency emergency response teams for the west midlands, the Shropshire fire and rescue teams, who have done such a great job, and all the officials at Severn Trent Water, Shropshire Council and Telford and Wrekin Council?
The Minister mentions national infrastructure; does he agree that highways fall under that?
Will he call on Highways England to do more to ensure that the M54, an important road in Shropshire and in connecting  Wales and England, has less flooding in future and to put in place more mitigation and investment to do that?
I join my hon.
Friend in his words of praise for those who have been working in the west midlands.
I am sure that my DFT colleagues have heard what he said about the critical road in his constituency.
It is a little bit cheeky of the Government to take entire responsibility for the improvements.
For example, SSE has put improvements in place and done a huge amount of work, for which it deserves credit, so it is not just about the changes to forecasting.
I thank the resilience partnerships that improved the emergency services, the energy companies and all the individuals who stepped up to help others in their local communities.
It was truly a community effort and people came together.
I wish the Government would take climate change more seriously, given the incredible amount of extreme weather events we are seeing right now.
It is important for the Government both to talk the talk and to walk the walk when it comes to climate change.
They should be leading from the front in developing a strategy to help to ensure that we are resilient in the face of climate adaptation and the changes that are happening, and they should put the funding in place to ensure that that strategy can be delivered.
The Scottish Government need funding to make the changes required for resilience.
If there are massive geographical disparities in some of the weather events, such as with Storm Arwen, then Barnett may not be the appropriate method to fund some of the required changes.