Friend, and Sir Tom is right too.
Traders in Scotland have accused the SNP Government of undermining the rejuvenation of high streets across Scotland with their tax hike of 6.7% through business rates.
The SNP must stop attacking employers and high-street traders who are already under tremendous financial strain because of the SNP’s mismanagement of Scotland’s economy.
Despite devolution rendering it pointless, the budget of the Scotland Office, along with that of the Attorney   General, has jumped by over £3 million since 2018-19—it leapt up by £1.2 million just last year—while the Scottish Government’s budget allocation suffered a real-terms cut.
Around 80 people currently work for the Scotland Office in Queen Elizabeth House alone, along with around 30 civil servants from the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities.
What on earth are they doing, and how does the Minister justify that to the Scottish taxpayer?
The team at the Scotland Office, both in Dover House and in Queen Elizabeth House in Edinburgh, are doing a tremendous job supporting Scotland across the United Kingdom and around the world.
I would be very happy to welcome the hon.
Lady to meet some of them with me, so that she can understand more clearly the important work that they do on our behalf across the UK.
rose—
Order.
That completes Scottish questions.
We now come to Prime Minister’s questions, but I just want to announce to the House that we are joined today by the President of the Chamber of Deputies of the Parliament of the Czech Republic—welcome.
Hear, hear.
The Prime Minister was asked—
If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 24 January.
I know that Members across the House will want to join me in offering our best wishes to His Majesty the King and Her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales.
This morning, I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, this afternoon I shall be meeting the extraordinary 100-year-old holocaust survivor Lily Ebert.
Lily promised that, if she survived Auschwitz, she would tell the world the truth of what happened.
Never has such a promise been so profoundly fulfilled.
As we prepare to mark Holocaust Memorial Day on Saturday, I am sure the whole House will join me in reaffirming our promise to Lily that we will never forget the holocaust and we will carry forward her life’s work for generations to come.
Can I echo the Prime Minister’s comments on International Holocaust Memorial Day?
My constituents, like all of our constituents, rely on the Royal Mail to deliver important items of mail and packages, and for people to run their businesses, so they will be very alarmed to learn of the proposal from Ofcom that Royal Mail might be allowed to cut the number of days that it will provide that service.
Will the Prime Minister give a commitment to me here today that, on his watch, there will be no reduction in the postal services provided by the Royal Mail in Scotland or anywhere else?
I agree with the hon.
Gentleman about the importance of the Royal Mail’s universal service obligation.
As the hon.
Member will have heard this morning from the Under-Secretary of State for Business and Trade, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Thirsk and Malton (Kevin Hollinrake) , we remain absolutely committed to ensuring that it remains as it is.
The Lib Dem-run council in Eastleigh has just received a report from its external auditors warning of the possibility of fraud and ignoring whistleblowers who tried to warn it.
Does the Prime Minister agree that Lib Dem leaders who shun accountability, shun transparency and simply say, “Not me, guv,” should start showing some remorse and responsibility, or make way for those who will?
My—[Interruption.]
Order.
I want to hear the answer.
My hon.