I am glad that my hon.
Friend has such a worthy campaign to support his constituents.
I will ensure that his request for a meeting goes to the most appropriate Minister, who may be able to advise him on how possible his proposal is.
According to the NAO, since plans were first unveiled in 2020 the Environment Agency has cut by 40% its forecast of the number of additional properties that will be better protected from flooding by 2027.
In Feltham and Heston, the level of water on our streets during storms that is unable to drain away is getting higher and higher.
I have to push the Minister on this: is he confident that his plans will be sufficient to keep homes and businesses across the country safe from flood-related damage?
This is a huge and growing concern.
The hon.
Lady will have heard me say a moment ago that the NAO was pleased that the Government have taken steps to address extreme weather  as part of a whole-system approach, which can have real advantages when floods are coming.
For example, it enables appropriately trained emergency workers to be sent out to clear storm drains and ensure that anything that might make the floods worse is cleared out of the way.
She will also have heard me say that DEFRA has committed a great deal of money to improving flood defences over the past three or four years, and that tens of thousands of homes are better protected as a result.
We are not complacent, and are always looking at ways we can improve that.
I welcome the Minister’s statement and the excellent work by the team at the Cabinet Office, who I know work extremely hard on these problems.
As he will know, my constituency is home to some of our most precious chalk streams and winterbournes.
I am sure that he is aware that water levels in the Bourne Valley and in villages to the west of Andover are perilously high.
He will understand the ecological importance of those rivers, and the risk of the sewage system being overwhelmed and leaking into the chalk streams.
The Environment Agency and Southern Water are doing great work.
There is a huge pumping operation under way to avoid that calamity, but further significant rainfall might overwhelm the entire system.
In his post-match analysis, once the weather calms down, will he consider giving special priority to identifying work that is required in areas of particular ecological sensitivity?
Significant work has been done up and down my constituency over the past 10 years by the flood resilience group, Southern Water, the EA, and indeed riparian owners, but more could still be done, and it needs a certain amount of concentration.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his observations.
As a former resident of 70 Whitehall, he understands the problems in great depth, and the chalk streams of Hampshire have no finer defender than his right honourable self.
He makes a serious point about ecological sensitivity.
It is right that we pay attention not only to the immediate threats to life or property but to our natural environment.
As we know, if we do not do so, the damage can be irreparable and long lasting.
Barely a part of Oxford West and Abingdon was unaffected by the recent floods, but Abingdon remains unprotected.
In 2007, we were promised a plan, which was cut because of a lack of resources for the EA.
It is not just the River Thames; it is also the run-off from the new developments, where huge numbers of houses have been built.
What is the Cabinet Office doing to connect DEFRA with the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities so that the developers, who have promised to clear the culverts, can be forced by the local authorities to do so?
As the hon.