I call the shadow Minister.
I pass the thoughts of the Opposition to the Secretary of State at this difficult time, and join the Minister in his comments about all those affected by flooding.
The scandal of the unjustified prosecution of sub-postmasters the length and breadth of this country is almost beyond words.
Although it should not have taken a TV drama to get action, it is good that those found guilty in England will now have their convictions quashed, but meanwhile, in Scotland, we are no clearer on how those wrongly convicted will get justice.
The First Minister initially claimed that he would be happy for this Parliament to legislate for every victim across the UK, but his Lord Advocate then said that she does not support blanket exoneration.
What is the Minister doing to ensure that those who were wrongly convicted in Scotland finally get the justice they deserve?
Officials from the UK Government are working with their counterparts from the various devolved Administrations, including the Scottish Government, to fully understand the legislative options that are available across the respective jurisdictions.
I reassure the hon.
Member that it remains a priority for all concerned to ensure that those sub-postmasters receive justice, and the compensation to which they are entitled, as quickly as possible, irrespective of where they live in the United Kingdom.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on support for the oil and gas industry in Scotland.
Oil and gas is, and will remain, a vital sector for the UK.
The UK Government are committed to supporting the industry.
That is why last week I attended the Grangemouth future industries board with other UK and Scottish Government Ministers on the transformation of the Grangemouth oil refinery.
The introduction of the Offshore Petroleum Licensing Bill demonstrates our ongoing investment in the industry.
My hon.
Friend knows that Scotland has the potential to be one of the world’s most advanced producers of hydrogen, and oil and gas companies are playing an important role in that transition.
What is the Department doing to support oil and gas companies, which employ a huge number of people in Scotland and in my seat of Rother Valley, in building their hydrogen production, transmission and use capabilities, to ramp up the production of hydrogen so that we can get more of the low-carbon energy that we so need?
We anticipate that by 2030 the UK’s growing hydrogen sector could support more than 12,000 jobs and unlock £11 billion worth of private investment.
Our hydrogen production delivery road map sets out proposals for annual hydrogen allocation rounds from 2025 to 2030, helping to provide certainty for the industry.
In December, we announced the results of hydrogen allocation round 1, with Scotland fielding two successful projects.
The renewables sector provides the greatest job growth for Scotland’s energy sector, with the number of jobs in the renewables sector in Scotland growing by more than 50% in 2021.
The future of Scotland’s job security, energy and economy lies with renewables.
When will the UK Government finally match support for the Scottish Government’s £500 million just transition fund?
The SNP’s position on energy, particularly in relation to oil and gas, is frankly all over the place.
We do not know where the First Minister of Scotland stands on this.
He described developing Rosebank as “the wrong decision”, but now seems to think that oil reserves can fund capital investment in an independent Scotland.
We fully recognise the importance of the energy sector to Scotland.
That includes oil and gas and renewables.
I will continue to work with all parts of the energy sector to develop that for the Scottish economy.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the future of levelling up in Scotland.
The UK Government’s funding for levelling up has now reached more than £2.9 billion in Scotland.
That includes almost £900 million of new funding announced last year.