That is the choice: it is back to square one and higher taxes with him, or a plan that is delivering a brighter future with the Conservatives.
Changing gear, Mr Speaker.
Too many oligarchs and kleptocrats are living off ill-gotten gains that  are beyond the reach of domestic courts here  or in countries such as America.
Ever since the 2016 London anti-corruption summit, moves to create an international anti-corruption court have been gathering momentum to plug the gap.
It already has support from countries such as Canada, Holland and  Nigeria, and it would fund itself from the fines it charged.
Will the Government take the lead in getting it under way, ending impunity for those crooks once and for all?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for his work on this issue.
As I am sure he will appreciate, establishing a new bespoke institution is a significant endeavour, but I know that he has discussed it with the Foreign Secretary, who will look at the proposals in more detail.
In the meantime, as he knows, our Economic Crime and Corporate Transparency Act 2023 has a raft of new measures to crack down on dirty money, and we will shortly publish our second anti-corruption strategy.
We will set out ambitious plans for combating corruption both here at home and internationally.
I call the SNP leader.
Last night, as Tory MPs were once again fighting among themselves, the public were at home watching John Irvine of ITV News report on footage from Gaza of an unarmed Palestinian man walking under a white flag being shot and killed by the Israel Defence Forces.
Such an act constitutes a war crime, does it not?
We have been absolutely consistent that international humanitarian law should be respected and civilians should be protected.
I have made that point expressly to Prime Minister Netanyahu, and the Foreign Secretary is in the region this week making exactly the same point.
I do not think it is unreasonable to expect the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom to rise to that Dispatch Box and tell the people of these isles and elsewhere that shooting an unarmed man walking under a white flag is a war crime.
In recent weeks, the House has acted with urgency and intent following an ITV drama.
The question is, will the House now show the same urgency and intent following this ITV News report and finally back a ceasefire in Gaza?
No one wants to see this conflict go on for a moment longer than necessary.
We do want to see an immediate and sustained humanitarian pause to get more aid in and, crucially, the hostages out, helping to create the conditions for a sustainable ceasefire.
I have set out the conditions for that in the House.
The Foreign Secretary is in the region today, and we will continue to press all our allies and partners to make sure that we can bring about that outcome.
Access to NHS dentistry is a key issue in Ipswich and Suffolk.
Locally, we have done something about it, and the University of Suffolk and the local NHS deserve great credit for establishing a new dental centre that will carry out 18,000 hours a year of NHS dental appointments.
However, a source of great frustration for me and a number of constituents is that many people who train to be a dentist at university for five years and have their training heavily subsidised can immediately go private or go abroad without giving anything back to the NHS.
That seems wrong to me.
Will the Prime Minister support the view of many of my constituents that those dentists  should work in the NHS for, say, five years and give something back?
That would make a huge contribution to addressing the problem.
My hon.
Friend is a long-standing campaigner for better dental access in his constituency.