They should be leading from the front in developing a strategy to help to ensure that we are resilient in the face of climate adaptation and the changes that are happening, and they should put the funding in place to ensure that that strategy can be delivered.
The Scottish Government need funding to make the changes required for resilience.
If there are massive geographical disparities in some of the weather events, such as with Storm Arwen, then Barnett may not be the appropriate method to fund some of the required changes.
In the upcoming Budget process, it might be sensible for the Government to ensure that resilience funding is spread to the areas that are most likely to be hardest hit, so that rather than Scotland having a percentage share based on our population numbers, that share is based on the likelihood of extreme climate events.
That would be most welcome, particularly when it comes to resilience.
That is a classic question from the SNP, isn’t it?
The hon.
Lady did not listen to what I have said and then asked for more money.
Central Government are absolutely not taking all the credit for everything that has happened.
As she will have just heard me say, it is our partnership with the people who work in the emergency services, local government, utility companies and so on that has made the changes possible.
On climate change, I am sure the hon.
Lady will be pleased to discover that, since peak CO2 emissions in the mid-1970s, the UK Government by their actions have helped to reduce CO2 emissions by more than 50%, which is more than any other G7 country.
We take these things seriously and we will continue to do so.
I thank both the Minister for his statement and the Government for their clear actions to strengthen our nation’s resilience.
As these extreme storms again unleash damage right across the UK, will my hon.
Friend join me in sending our thoughts to the people whose homes, businesses and farms have been affected, and in paying tribute to the Environment Agency staff, emergency services, local authorities, electricity companies and volunteer groups—such as the Appleby Emergency  Response Group in my constituency—which do so much to help people and communities through the trauma and aftermath of storms and severe floods?
I am very happy to join my hon.
Friend in paying tribute to the Appleby Emergency Response Group.
So often, it is local community organisations, with their connections and awareness of and intelligence about what is taking place on the ground, that make a response possible, so I am very happy to join him in that.
I am glad to hear that although his constituency was hit hard by the storms, it has managed to move on quickly.
My right hon.
Friend  the Member for Wolverhampton South East (Mr McFadden)  asked why the Government had neglected local resilience forums and, indeed, the Civil Contingencies Act 2004, which they bypassed during covid.
May I ask that question again?
What lessons have the Government learned from covid and such issues in order to give greater sustainability to the local resilience forums that need to protect us?
We obviously learned a great many lessons from covid.
As the hon.
Lady will be aware from the documentation that the Government have published over the past couple of years, there has been a great deal of activity to improve our resilience and response to emergencies.
My right hon.
Friend the Deputy Prime Minister gave a statement to that effect in this House in December.
The Cabinet Office assigns ownership of acute national risks to lead Government Departments, across risk identification, risk assessment, prevention, resilience, preparation and emergency response and recovery.
The lead Government Departments may change between the phases as the impact changes and different competencies are required.
None the less, the UK has adopted a bottom-up approach to managing emergencies, as most emergencies affect local areas.