Recently released documents reveal that the Foreign Office had serious concerns about Israel’s compliance with international humanitarian law and its ongoing assault on Gaza.
This assessment was hidden from Parliament while the Prime Minister boldly stated his confidence in Israel’s respect for international law.
Since then, the scale of Israel’s war crimes in Gaza has been revealed to the world, thanks to South Africa’s case at the International Court of Justice.
Therefore, is it not now time for the Prime Minister to admit that he has the blood of thousands of innocent people on his hands, and time for him to commit to demanding an immediate ceasefire and an ending of the UK’s arms trade with Israel?
That is the face of the changed Labour party.
Mr Speaker, may I start by thanking you for commissioning the Holocaust Educational Trust’s exhibition in Portcullis House, and for your unwavering personal commitment to holocaust remembrance?
As we approach Holocaust Memorial Day, will the Prime Minister join me in commending the Holocaust Educational Trust for its  important work, particularly its work with holocaust survivors who, despite living through the darkest moment in human history, continue to share their testimony in the hope of ensuring “Never again.”
In the face of the appalling rise in antisemitism that we see on the streets of Britain, will my right hon.
Friend join me in encouraging all Members to sign the book of commitment and stand up against antisemitism?
I join my hon.
Friend in paying tribute to the Holocaust Educational Trust for it brilliant work, and I thank her for all her work on this issue.
I will be signing the book of commitment this afternoon, during my meeting with Lily Ebert, and I encourage Members on both sides of the House to do the same and to reaffirm our shared determination to ensure that the holocaust is never forgotten, and to defeat the resurgence of antisemitism and all forms of hatred in our country.
I represent a proud steel community in Rotherham that stands with the steelworkers in Port Talbot at this very worrying time.
My constituents do not want to see their  taxpayers’ money used to make British workers redundant, our primary steelmaking capacity decimated and our national security compromised, so will the Prime Minister change his destructive course, starting by looking at the credible multi-union plan to safeguard our steel industry’s long-term future?
I know that this is an anxious time for steelworkers in south Wales, but we are committed to working with the steel sector to secure a positive and sustainable future.
The hon.
Lady will know that, during the pandemic, we provided support to Celsa to safeguard jobs and ensure the sustainability of its steel plant in south Wales.
The proposed complete closure of the plant would have seen the loss of 8,000 direct jobs in south Wales, and thousands more across the supply chain.
Because of the Government’s investment, support and partnership with Tata, we have safeguarded 5,000 direct jobs and thousands more in the supply chain, and we have ensured the long-term sustainability of the steel plant so that it has a brighter future.
Obviously this is difficult, but it is entirely churlish of the hon.
Lady not to recognise one of the largest support packages that any Government have provided to any company, safeguarding thousands of jobs in the process.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State in the Cabinet Office if he will make a statement on the UK’s resilience to recent extreme weather events, including Storm Isha and Storm Jocelyn.
I begin by saying how sorry the Government were to hear that four people—two in this country and two in Ireland—sadly lost their lives due to Storm Isha.
I extend my sympathy to their family and friends.
At the same time, I praise our emergency and utility workers who worked so hard to help the public in very difficult conditions.