We are in the middle of the worst cost of living crisis in generations, yet historically high taxes are already being imposed on working people to pay for it.
Losing the Barnett formula would devastate Scotland’s public finances and economy like nothing we have seen before.
Will the Minister join me in demanding that the SNP rule out the policy to bin the Barnett formula?
The biggest enemy of the Barnett formula and of devolution in Scotland is the SNP.
It wants to rip up the devolution settlement and stop the Barnett formula, which results in millions of pounds of extra investment going into Scotland each year.
The Conservative Government remain absolutely committed to devolution, the Barnett formula and more investment into Scotland.
Whether he is taking steps to promote co-operation between businesses in Scotland and Northern Ireland.
The United Kingdom Government have taken action to make trade between Scotland and Northern Ireland easier.
The UK Government have also committed to providing funding to deliver targeted improvements to the A75.
That will provide better links between the Cairnryan ferry terminals serving Northern Ireland and south-west Scotland, benefiting businesses on both sides of the north channel.
The Minister will, like many, understand that the economic powerhouse of the United Kingdom is usually centred in the south-east of England, to the detriment of the south-west of Scotland and Northern Ireland.
Will he do more to ensure that that small 12-mile stretch of water between Scotland and Northern Ireland is bridged in business terms by greater co-operation and expansion opportunities for people on either side of it?
The hon.
Member makes an important point.
I fully recognise the strong links between south Scotland and Northern Ireland, and the potential to enhance those economic ties is great.
Improved transport links, including the A75 and ferry links, are undoubtedly part of that.
I look forward to working with him to see how we might be able to enhance and improve those links.
I call the Chair of the Scottish Affairs Committee.
Scottish businesses would give their right arm to have the arrangements that Northern Irish business have,   with their access to the single market and all the competitive advantages that that brings.
The Prime Minister has described Northern Ireland as one of the
“world’s most exciting economic zones”.
Does the Minister agree with that, and what is he doing to ensure that Scotland gets the same arrangements?
I thought that the hon.
Member was going to stand up and tell me how great the House of Lords is, a bit like his colleague  the right hon.
Member for Ross, Skye and Lochaber (Ian Blackford) , in a sort of pre-emptive job application.
Scotland is not Northern Ireland and does not share a land border with an EU country.
It is disappointing that the SNP is seeking to play party politics with the situation in Northern Ireland, which, as the SNP well knows, has a unique place in the United Kingdom, and we will protect that.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on promoting Scotland overseas.
The UK Government work tirelessly to promote Scottish interests around the world through our extensive diplomatic network, forging business links and generating trade and investment.
Our response to the Scottish Affairs Committee’s recent inquiry on Scotland’s international position highlights the extensive efforts we undertake to achieve this.
I am afraid that I do not share the Minister’s Panglossian view of this issue.
Does he share my concern about recently published figures that show that, in the years 2019 to 2021, Scottish exports to the EU fell from £16.95 billion to £14.97 billion?
Whatever the UK Government are doing, it is not working, so the Scottish Government have a pressing need to promote ourselves overseas for the sake of our economy and our society.
Does the Minister agree that now is the time to increase that overseas promotion, not cut it back due to domestic wrangles?