Does he share my concern about recently published figures that show that, in the years 2019 to 2021, Scottish exports to the EU fell from £16.95 billion to £14.97 billion?
Whatever the UK Government are doing, it is not working, so the Scottish Government have a pressing need to promote ourselves overseas for the sake of our economy and our society.
Does the Minister agree that now is the time to increase that overseas promotion, not cut it back due to domestic wrangles?
Given the hon.
Member’s interest in this area, perhaps he could speak with his SNP colleagues in the Scottish Parliament.
They are cutting funding to South of Scotland Enterprise, which will mean less support for businesses in the south of Scotland to grow, innovate and export.
Perhaps he could tell the First Minister of Scotland that promoting Scotland overseas begins with supporting businesses at home in Scotland.
What recent discussions he has had with the Scottish Government on ambulance waiting times in Scotland.
The UK Government recognise the important job that all NHS workers do, including those in the ambulance service.
I see that every day of the week in my own constituency in the Scottish Borders.
The UK Government would be open to exploring with the Scottish Government how we can work together and share best practice to reduce ambulance waiting times in all parts of the United Kingdom.
Last year in Scotland, almost 3,000 people had to wait more than eight hours for an ambulance, but in recent days, women who might have to travel a two and a half hour drive to Raigmore Hospital in Inverness to give birth or for specialist treatment have not been able to travel at all, because the roads have been closed owing to the terrible weather we have had.
Does the Minister share my deep anxiety for any woman who lives over 100 miles from Raigmore Hospital?
I share the hon.
Member’s concerns and agree that those long distances are not acceptable, but it tells us all we need to know about the NHS in rural Scotland.
NHS Highland has said that it will need to substantially reduce spend following the SNP Government’s budget in December.
The SNP Government are taking a slash-and-burn approach to the rural NHS across Scotland.
What assessment he has made of the impact of the autumn statement 2023 on the Scottish economy.
The autumn statement supported families and set out measures to grow the Scottish economy.
With a stronger fiscal outlook, the Government have the space to cut taxes for hard-working people and businesses.
That is highlighted by cuts to national insurance, benefiting 2.4 million people in Scotland, and the extension of full expensing, ensuring that the UK has one of the most competitive business tax regimes in the world.
Order.
Will Members please not walk in front of other Members while they are asking questions?
The Minister is correct that the autumn statement from this UK Conservative Government provided tax cuts for millions of Scots, provided support for businesses and invested to grow the economy.
That was in stark contrast to the SNP’s budget last month, which hiked taxes on hard-working Scots, failed to pass on support to the hospitality, retail and tourism sectors, and has been widely criticised across Scotland.
Does the Minister agree, as I do, with Sir Tom Hunter, who said at the weekend that the business community in Scotland does not believe that the SNP has its back, and does he agree that that must change?
I agree with my hon.
Friend, and Sir Tom is right too.
Traders in Scotland have accused the SNP Government of undermining the rejuvenation of high streets across Scotland with their tax hike of 6.7% through business rates.
The SNP must stop attacking employers and high-street traders who are already under tremendous financial strain because of the SNP’s mismanagement of Scotland’s economy.