Lady will have heard me reflect on what DEFRA said earlier in the week about the £5.2 billion of investment in flood and coastal erosion risk management through its capital programme, and the fact that, since 2021, the Government have put £1.5 billion into flood-defence projects across England.
On the hon.
Lady’s first point about the level of disruption, we understand and sympathise with people who have been put in such situations.
Although we cannot control the weather, we can, by degrees, become better prepared for events, both through the general resilience planning that the Government have been doing and by having better intelligence on storms forming over the Atlantic and making sure we have the right people with the right skills poised to act quickly when those storms strike.
That, of course, means that we can minimise disruption to the public, even though we cannot eliminate it altogether.
In my Broxtowe constituency, some businesses and homes that I have visited have been affected by multiple storms and have received the flood recovery grant but, as it stands, those who have been affected by Storm Babet and Storm Henk can claim after only one of the floods.
Are the Government looking to put more support in place for individuals who have been flooded multiple times by separate storms?
My hon.
Friend raises a very important question.
We know how awful it can be for families to be flooded out of their homes.
There is damage to their  property and effects, and sometimes to items with sentimental value.
It is important that we have processes and procedures in place to make sure that we can help people out in those circumstances.
On my hon.
Friend’s specific point, I will make sure that he gets a response from colleagues in DEFRA.
In Scottish questions, I spoke of how Caithness and north Sutherland were completely cut off.
All the roads were blocked during the storms, so a pregnant mum whose contractions had started could not even begin her 100-mile journey to Raigmore in Inverness to give birth.
People speak of the helicopter ambulance; there is one based in Inverness, but if that has to go to an emergency in Lochaber, on the other side of Scotland, what does the pregnant mum do?
To be quite honest, we are faced with a mum and her child dying.
When the Minister meets the Scottish Government, will he please point out the utter folly of centralising these services in Inverness, when we have a perfectly good, workable hospital in Wick, which should be upgraded and put into full use?
I am happy to communicate that message strongly to the devolved Administration.
I have visited Caithness and seen its remote beauty, but yes, one can only imagine what it would be like to be a young woman giving birth and cut off from major services.
I feel that the hon.
Gentleman’s plea for an upgrade at Wick is very important.
I thank my hon.
Friend for his statement.
Two weeks ago, Runnymede and Weybridge was flooded as a result of Storm Henk.
When flooding happens locally, my constituents must navigate a host of organisations with different responsibilities, including Surrey Fire and Rescue Service, Surrey County Council, Runnymede Borough Council, Elmbridge Borough Council, Thames Water, Affinity Water, the Environment Agency and Surrey Highways.
As part of my campaign to improve flood response and preparedness, and protection from flooding, I have been calling for a local flood control centre to be a single co-ordinated access point for accessible support and advice, and clear and consistent communication.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss that?
I am glad that my hon.
Friend has such a worthy campaign to support his constituents.
I will ensure that his request for a meeting goes to the most appropriate Minister, who may be able to advise him on how possible his proposal is.