As ever, my hon.
Friend raises an excellent point.
That is what Operation Prosperity Guardian is all about: that taskforce enables shipping to be protected to an extent.
He may be getting at the broader point of whether individual ships should be protected.
The view that the world has taken is that Prosperity Guardian provides an umbrella to shipping more widely.
The sheer volume of ordinary traffic through the Red sea means that we need that US-led international taskforce for the security of the Red sea and the gulf of Aden.
This is incredibly important.
After all, we are part of defending the international rules-based order in the actions that we are taking.
Last week, I was onboard HMS Diamond—which is right at the heart of the issue in the Red sea—talking to our brave sailors who are out there protecting our critical sea lanes.
The House will know that this is the first Royal Navy ship’s company for 32 years who have fired in anger—or in self-defence, in their case.
It was fascinating to talk to them about their experience and to witness their professionalism in dealing with this challenge.
It really did not have to be this way.
We worked hard to warn the Houthis off.
At the start of the year, the world sent a very clear message to the Houthis: “End your illegal and unjustified actions.
Stop risking innocent lives.
Please stop illegally detaining vessels and crews.
Cease threatening the global economy.”
All those warnings fell on deaf ears, and eventually enough was enough.
The Secretary of State was asked—
Whether he has had recent discussions with the Advocate General for Scotland on the prosecution of postmasters using evidence from the Horizon IT system.
As you know, Mr Speaker, the Secretary of State has suffered a family bereavement this week, so will not be with us today.
I am sure that the whole House will wish to send him and his family our deepest condolences.
Can we also pause to think about the communities, including those in my own area in the Scottish borders, that have been devastated by the recent storms?
I know that the emergency services, council and power company workers are supporting them as best they can.
Lastly, Mr Speaker, I wish you a happy Burns night, which will be celebrated around the world tomorrow.
The ongoing situation with the Post Office and Horizon is clearly very serious.
We need to ensure that all sub-postmasters wrongly prosecuted finally get justice, no matter where they reside in the UK.
I assure the hon.
Lady that my officials are working at pace with the office of the Advocate General and other key UK Government Departments to consider the issues around wrongful convictions.
In Scotland, these prosecutions were carried out by the Crown Office and the procurator fiscal.
Ministers of the Crown were made aware of concerns around potentially unsafe prosecutions in 2013.
Can the Minister tell the House why it took so long for the prosecutions to be halted and for previous convictions to be reviewed?
The Horizon scandal is one of the greatest miscarriages of justice in this country’s history, with hundreds of people having their lives ruined and reputations dragged through the mud.
The Prime Minister has announced new laws that will be introduced to ensure that those wrongly convicted are exonerated and swiftly compensated here in England.
As the hon.
Lady will know, the administration of justice is devolved, but the UK Government are in contact with the Scottish Government to explore the most effective way to exonerate and compensate those innocent people.
I call the shadow Minister.
I pass the thoughts of the Opposition to the Secretary of State at this difficult time, and join the Minister in his comments about all those affected by flooding.
The scandal of the unjustified prosecution of sub-postmasters the length and breadth of this country is almost beyond words.