Yesterday  the right hon.
Member for Knowsley (Sir George Howarth)  and I published our report on T1DE—type 1 diabetes and disordered eating, a condition estimated to affect over a quarter of type 1 diabetics in the UK.
It is life-shortening, life-threatening and can lead to death.
I am pleased to say that Hampshire integrated care board has already responded positively to the report.
Will my right hon.
Friend ensure that the Government not only look seriously at the recommendations that we have put forward but act on those recommendations, which would improve lives, save lives, and save money for the NHS?
Can I start by thanking my right hon.
Friend, and indeed  the right hon.
Member for Knowsley (Sir George Howarth) , for their important work on this issue?
I know that both speak from personal experience.
As my right hon.
Friend says, it is important that people get the treatment they need.
The Health Secretary will of course consider the report, and the NHS has already been piloting services to support those with this condition, as she will be aware.
I understand that the NHS is now also expanding pilot sites to every region of the country so that even more people can benefit from the appropriate integrated care.
We entered 2024 with starvation and famine as acute as ever across the globe, much of it caused by the climate crisis, yet at present the world’s worst hunger crisis is in Gaza, created by Israel’s ongoing siege.
The integrated food security phase classification has found that of the 600,000 people facing starvation globally,  95% are in Gaza.
Starvation used as a weapon of war is a war crime.
The Israeli Government have the power  to end this starvation crisis by ending the siege of  Gaza and opening all crossings—do they not, Prime Minister?
I have been absolutely clear that we are incredibly concerned about the devastating impact of the situation in Gaza on citizens.
That is why we have tripled our humanitarian aid for this financial year to the region and, as I said in the statement yesterday, we are working with partners such as Jordan and the United States to open up new aid corridors so that we can increase the supply of aid getting to those who desperately need it.
This morning the press reported the tragic case of a 14-year-old girl who took her own life following horrific social media bullying, including on TikTok and Snapchat.
Since 2010, across the English-speaking world, there has been a marked increase in poor teen mental health, teen suicide attempts and children addicted to pornography.
The United Kingdom has a strong tradition of legislating to protect children from serious threats to their safety and welfare, so does my right hon.
Friend agree that it is time to consider banning social media and perhaps even smartphones for under-16s?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to highlight the impact of what happens online on our children, which is why our Online Safety Act 2023 tackles criminal activity online and protects children from harmful or inappropriate content, such as bullying or the promotion of self-harm, and from accessing pornography, and also from exposure to eating disorders.
Ofcom is now rightly developing and consulting on the guidance and the codes of practice for how those platforms will meet their duties, and if they do not clean up their act, Ofcom will be able to impose fines of up to 10% of global turnover on the social media firms.
Recently released documents reveal that the Foreign Office had serious concerns about Israel’s compliance with international humanitarian law and its ongoing assault on Gaza.
This assessment was hidden from Parliament while the Prime Minister boldly stated his confidence in Israel’s respect for international law.
Since then, the scale of Israel’s war crimes in Gaza has been revealed to the world, thanks to South Africa’s case at the International Court of Justice.