The Cabinet Office assigns ownership of acute national risks to lead Government Departments, across risk identification, risk assessment, prevention, resilience, preparation and emergency response and recovery.
The lead Government Departments may change between the phases as the impact changes and different competencies are required.
None the less, the UK has adopted a bottom-up approach to managing emergencies, as most emergencies affect local areas.
We have local responders such as the police, fire and ambulance services, which manage emergencies without direct involvement from the Government.
The response to larger-scale emergencies is then led by lead Government Departments.
It is only in the most serious cases that the response is escalated to Cabinet Office briefing rooms—known as Cobra—and senior Ministers from across Government are brought in.
As the hon.
Lady will have heard me say, this is very much about a partnership between centre and locality, and we are starting to see the benefits of that approach.
May I ask my hon.
Friend to congratulate the good people of Repton and the other villages that came together to help with all the flooding that has been going on?
In particular, they are holding follow-up meetings to get more flood wardens across South Derbyshire.
I have never seen anything like the flooding that has taken place in South Derbyshire.
We need to get the Environment Agency to move on with plans for installing holding ponds further up the Trent and the Derwent to stop the run-off from the fields that we have had this time  round.
Anything that my hon.
Friend can do to help me to get spades in the ground on those projects would be much appreciated.
I very much hear what my hon.
Friend says.
I know that my colleagues in the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs will have heard likewise.
She will have heard what I had to say earlier about the Department’s position on flooding.
On alerts, for instance, normal flood warnings were operated.
We did not use the national alert because the situation did not reach that threshold, and our local partners did not ask us to use it.
From what we can see at this stage, that local system worked well and helped to protect people and, where possible, property.
The consistent storms we have had this winter have meant that our communities have felt more consistently battered by flooding and winds than ever before.
Sadly, as the Minister mentioned, lives were lost at the weekend.
Tens of thousands of houses and businesses were left without power.
Transport links were halted in my Edinburgh constituency—there were no flights out of the airport, no trains were going anywhere, and roads and bridges were closed.
Thousands of homes were flooded, yet the National Audit Office has warned that the Government have not set a long-term target for the level of flood resilience that they expect to achieve, and there are no concrete plans to do so beyond 2026.
That means that any investment could be misplaced and inefficient and that homes will not be protected sufficiently.
Does the Minister see that this could be a lack of foresight?
Will the Government commit to reversing the current cuts to flood protection and do more to ensure that investment is effective?
The hon.
Lady will have heard me reflect on what DEFRA said earlier in the week about the £5.2 billion of investment in flood and coastal erosion risk management through its capital programme, and the fact that, since 2021, the Government have put £1.5 billion into flood-defence projects across England.
On the hon.
Lady’s first point about the level of disruption, we understand and sympathise with people who have been put in such situations.