I am happy to take that forward.
I thank the Minister for his positive answers to the questions.
Farmers in my constituency tell me they cannot recall floods and rain quite like this; indeed, they tell me the volume of rain has been of biblical proportions.
I hail from the coastal constituency of Strangford, where storms hit with a fury that is possibly not fully grasped.
The coastline defences around Strangford loch and within my constituency have been subjected to a level of onslaught never before seen.
Can the Minister confirm what discussions he has had with the Department in Stormont, to which Westminster gave substantial financial help to address coastal erosion?
Perhaps the same level of assistance can be offered again.
I will ask Ministers from other Departments to come back to the hon.
Gentleman on the specifics, but he will know that we are very keen to see a restoration of Stormont, and I believe that the House will hear more about that very soon.
Somerset is so often battered by extreme flooding and, in response, the River Cam flood warning system is being piloted in my constituency.
A stretch near North Cadbury will be fitted out tomorrow with laser depth-measuring devices, which will send real-time messages and alerts to residents when the water levels start to rise.
Will the Minister join me in congratulating Liberal Democrat councillors and Somerset Rivers Authority for that initiative and agree that we need to fund more extreme weather resilience plans for isolated rural communities?
I am delighted to hear about the initiative in Cadbury—I have fond memories as a schoolboy of walking around the hillfort there—and am well aware of the historical threats that Somerset has faced with flooding.
I am glad that in recent incidences local government and central Government have been able to work together for the benefit of the people who live in that area.
On a point of order, Sir Roger.
An organisation in my constituency where I had grounds to intervene on behalf of a previous pub tenant has issued its current tenant with a gagging order and verbally told them not to contact their MP.
What can be done to protect my constituents from such bullying and to ensure that their constitutional rights are respected?
First, I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman for giving notice of his point of order.
The ability of constituents to communicate with their Members of Parliament is constitutionally important.
I am very concerned about the matter he has raised.
Constituents must be able to communicate freely with their Members of Parliament, and I trust and hope that urgent action will be taken to clarify that that is understood by all parties in this case.
If the matter is not resolved satisfactorily, I trust that the right hon.
Gentleman will seek advice from the Clerk of the Journals in the first instance about how this very important issue might be escalated.
Secretary Chris Heaton-Harris, supported by the Prime Minister, Secretary Oliver Dowden, Secretary Michael Gove, Secretary Alister Jack, Secretary David T C Davies and Mr Steve Baker, presented a Bill to make provision to extend the period following the Northern Ireland Assembly election of  5 May 2022  during which Ministers may be appointed.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time today, and to be printed (Bill 150), with explanatory notes (Bill 150—EN).
I advise the House that this is a very narrow Bill.
If the House agrees the business of the House motion today, amendments may be tabled before the Bill has been read a Second time.
I understand that the Chairman of Ways and Means has indicated that she will make her provisional selection of amendments soon after 2 pm.
Members who are considering tabling amendments are asked to contact the Public Bill Office as soon as possible.