Order.
I want to hear the answer.
My hon.
Friend raises an important matter to the people of Eastleigh, which I was pleased to discuss with him on my recent visit to his area, and I know that the contents of the report are deeply concerning.
It is disappointing to see this Lib Dem-run council rack up debt with absolutely no plan for how to fund it.
The council has been issued with a best value notice, and I know that he is talking to the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities, which will be monitoring this situation closely.
We now come to the Leader of the Opposition.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
Can I join the Prime Minster in his comments about His Majesty the King and Her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales, and in his comments about Holocaust Memorial Day? “
Never again” must be said more defiantly this year, as it is said every year.
Last week, we lost Sir Tony Lloyd, a true public servant who touched the lives of many people across the House and across the country.
I am glad that his family were here yesterday to hear the many tributes to and memories of Tony.
He will be greatly missed.
The Prime Minister has had quite a week—from endlessly fighting with his own MPs to collapsing in laughter when he was asked by a member of the public about NHS waiting lists—so I was glad to hear that he managed to take some time off—[Interruption.]
Order.
I wanted to hear the Prime Minister, and I am certainly going to hear the Leader of the Opposition.
Those on the Conservative Benches who do not want to hear him can certainly leave.
That is how it is going to be, so get in order.
Some of you will be wanting to catch my eye again, and that is not a good way to do it.
I love this quaint tradition where the more they slag him off behind his back, the louder they cheer him here.
More!
The same goes for those on the Labour Benches.
You can have a joint cup of tea.
I was glad to see that the Prime Minister managed to get some time off yesterday afternoon to kick back, relax and accidentally record a candid video for Nigel Farage.
The only thing missing from that punishing schedule is any sort of governing or leadership.
So was he surprised to see one of his own MPs say,
“He does not get what Britain needs.
And he is not listening to what…people want.”?
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman talks about what Britain needs, what Britain wants and what Britain values—and that from the man who takes the knee, who wanted to abolish the monarchy, and who still does not know what a woman is.
Just this week, one of his Front Benchers said that they backed teaching divisive white privilege in our schools.
Looking at his record, it is crystal clear which one of us does not get Britain’s values.
The Prime Minister spouts so much nonsense, no wonder they are giving up on him.
Even now, as his Government crumble around him and his own MPs point out that he is out of touch and has no plan for growth, crime or building houses, the Prime Minister is sticking to his one-man Pollyanna show—everything is fine; people should be grateful for him!
The trouble is that no one is buying it.
Does he actually understand why his own MPs say that he does not understand Britain, and that he is an “obstacle to recovery”?
Again, the right hon.
and learned Gentleman calls it nonsense, but these are his positions.
He does not want to talk about it, but these are the facts.
He chose to represent a now-proscribed terrorist group.