Footfall at the Lexicon shopping centre is up and wages are up, but the cost of living continues to bite across the UK.
What more can be done to put more money in people’s pockets?
It is great to see, thanks to my hon.
Friend, that Bracknell Forest is thriving, with people in work up and footfall in the town centre up and, as he knows, almost 100% of his schools are now good or outstanding.
But he is right that we must do more to relieve the burden on working people, which is why we cut taxes for tens of millions of people in work earlier this year, worth £450 on average.
We have to stick to the plan for lower taxes, a strong economy and a brighter future for the people of Bracknell Forest, and absolutely not risk going back to square one with the Labour party.
If everyone had the same good health as the least deprived 10% of the population, in England there would have been 1 million fewer deaths between 2012 and 2019, and 28,000 fewer deaths in the first year of covid.
Those inequalities are not inevitable.
Does the Prime Minister think that cuts in social security to 85,000 low-income households, including people in low-paid work in my constituency, will help to address those health inequalities?
I can assure the hon.
Lady that we are committed to caring for society’s most vulnerable and that is why almost 20 million families will see their benefit payments increase this April.
That will bring our total support over these few years to around £3,700 per UK household.
The Department for Work and Pensions is looking very closely at how it can target its services precisely on the most vulnerable customers.
I know the hon.
Lady spoke to the DWP permanent secretary at length about that when he appeared before the Work and Pensions Committee earlier this month.
I can assure her that he will be writing to the Committee on exactly that subject shortly.
The Post Office scandal has affected so many people, including my constituent Seema Misra, a sub-postmaster from West Byfleet who has an outstanding record of service to her community, and who was wrongfully convicted in 2010 of stealing £75,000 and sentenced to prison on her first son’s birthday while pregnant with her second son.
Does the Prime Minister agree with me, and more importantly with Seema Misra herself, who is in the Gallery today with her   husband Davinder, that she is due a full apology from the Post Office, a full apology from Fujitsu, and proper compensation as a matter of urgency?
I know that my hon.
Friend has been a great support to his constituents over all these years, and has fought relentlessly for the truth to come out.
As I have said, the Horizon scandal is one of the greatest miscarriages of justice in our nation’s history, and, as I said a few weeks ago, we will introduce primary legislation within weeks to ensure that all convictions that were based on erroneous Horizon evidence are quashed.
That will clear people’s names, deliver justice and ensure swifter access to compensation.
Innocent people such as my hon.
Friend’s constituents have waited far too long, and I am determined that they receive compensation as swiftly as possible.
We have a clear moral duty to right these wrongs, and that is exactly what we will do.
In 2021, 3,527 food parcels were given out by Bestwood & Bulwell Foodbank.
Last year that number exploded to 6,500, with nearly half of those parcels going to children.
The food bank is now having to buy food to supplement donations, which can only be sustained for a short period.
Rather than pretending that things are getting better, will the Prime Minister apologise for the daily chaos in the Government which is leaving widespread destitution unaddressed?