Last year that number exploded to 6,500, with nearly half of those parcels going to children.
The food bank is now having to buy food to supplement donations, which can only be sustained for a short period.
Rather than pretending that things are getting better, will the Prime Minister apologise for the daily chaos in the Government which is leaving widespread destitution unaddressed?
I do not want to see anyone reliant on food banks, but while they are in place I have nothing but praise and thanks for the people who run them.
However, it is wrong to say we are not making progress.
When I came into this job, inflation was running at 11%, which has had the single biggest impact on families’ cost of living.
Now, thanks to the efforts of this Government—most of them opposed by the hon.
Gentleman’s party—inflation has been more than halved, at 4%, and we are combining that with significant tax cuts to put more money into people’s bank accounts at the end of every month.
That is the right way to go about supporting people, combined with our extensive cost of living support for the most vulnerable.
All the statistics show that that support has helped and has made a difference, and that is what you get with responsible management of the British economy.
In November I held an Adjournment debate on the south Fylde line and the need for a passing loop to double its hourly service and increase resilience against the delays and cancellations which again caused misery for travellers over Christmas.
The assurances that I received from the Rail Minister built on the positivity generated by the reallocation of HS2 funds.
Since then progress has been desperately slow, and my efforts to advance this critical piece of infrastructure for the people of Fylde have been frustrated.
Will the Prime Minister meet me to discuss how the Government can help to get the south Fylde line back on track?
My hon.
Friend is correct: local transport projects are and must be prioritised, and every region of our country will have more transport investment as a result of the decision that we made on HS2.
Work is under way to consider potential upgrades  to the west coast main line, including improvements at Preston station which may support additional local services from south Fylde.
I know that the Rail Minister is considering these options carefully as we speak, and will update my hon.
Friend in due course.
Thames Water is a shambles.
During the recent flooding in Oxfordshire, it dumped sewage from 270 sites along the Thames in one week.
Waste was backing up into people’s homes because of drains that it had not unblocked, and it could not even refill its own reservoir because the rivers were too dirty.
Rather than offering a rebate for this shoddy service, Thames Water is intending to put bills up for everyone by 60%.
Will the Prime Minister explain to my constituents why they are being asked to foot the bill for Thames Water’s gross incompetence?
We have been clear that the volume of sewage discharge by water companies is unacceptable, and that is why we have launched the most ambitious storm overflow discharge reduction plan.
We have now achieved the monitoring of nearly every single storm overflow in England—under this and previous Governments—and introduced unlimited penalties on water companies.
Where there is evidence of poor performance, the Environment Agency will not hesitate to pursue the water companies concerned, just as it did, I believe, a couple of years ago in the hon.
Lady’s constituency, when it specifically fined Thames Water £4 million following a serious incident.
Yesterday  the right hon.
Member for Knowsley (Sir George Howarth)  and I published our report on T1DE—type 1 diabetes and disordered eating, a condition estimated to affect over a quarter of type 1 diabetics in the UK.
It is life-shortening, life-threatening and can lead to death.