That would make a huge contribution to addressing the problem.
My hon.
Friend is a long-standing campaigner for better dental access in his constituency.
I congratulate him on the new dental centre that is opening, which I know he worked hard to deliver.
I agree that it is right and fair that we seek better value for the significant investment that the taxpayer makes in the education and training of the dental workforce.
That is why, as our workforce plan outlined, we are exploring whether a tie-in would ensure that dentists spend a better proportion of their time in the NHS.
We will launch a consultation on that policy later this year.
In the week of the anniversary of Bloody Sunday, people in Derry are watching unarmed Palestinians being gunned down by Israeli soldiers.
Over 25,000 people have now been slaughtered in Gaza.
The Prime Minister has said—he has said it again today—that he wants to see a sustained ceasefire.
My question is a very simple one: the next time there is a vote at the UN for a ceasefire, will his representative vote for it?
Of course we will engage with all UN resolutions on their merits.
I have been clear that no one wants to see this conflict go on for a moment longer than is necessary.
We want to see an immediate pause so that we can get aid in and hostages out, because the situation is desperate for many people there, but a sustainable, permanent ceasefire needs to fulfil a set of conditions, which include Hamas releasing all the hostages, Hamas no longer being in charge of Gaza with the threat of rocket attacks into Israel, and an agreement in place for the Palestinian Authority to return to Gaza to provide governance and services.
The Foreign Secretary is in the region.
Those are the principles on which we are working, and I believe that those are shared by all our major allies.
In 1859, Brunel opened his rail bridge over the River Tamar.
In 2022, I met Network Rail and others to celebrate the agreement to build a simple footbridge over the railway line in Lostwithiel.
That bridge still does not exist and I have no completion date.
Can my right hon.
Friend help?
My hon.
Friend is a long-standing campaigner for the footbridge at Lostwithiel station.
I recognise her concerns and the pressing need for the construction of the footbridge.
I am told that Network Rail is currently working on a funding solution, so that it can take forward this important project in the next financial year.
The Rail Minister will keep my hon.
Friend updated on progress.
A report released yesterday by the Joseph Rowntree Foundation found that one in four people in the north-east are living in poverty; the child poverty rate for every local authority in the region is higher than the UK average.
Too many of our people are being hard hit.
The Prime Minister says that his plan is beginning to work.
Where does rising child poverty fit in his plan?
In fact, the plan is working because poverty is falling in our country.
There are 1.7 million fewer people in poverty than in 2010, including hundreds of thousands of children.
Of course there is more to do—there is always more to do—to make sure children do not grow up in poverty, but that absolutely would not be helped by Labour’s £28 billion tax grab on their parents, which would take money out of their family’s bank account.
Bracknell Forest is a place of aspiration, opportunity and enterprise.
Business occupancy rates and employment figures are, thankfully, high.
Footfall at the Lexicon shopping centre is up and wages are up, but the cost of living continues to bite across the UK.
What more can be done to put more money in people’s pockets?
It is great to see, thanks to my hon.