Funding policies for those studying in Scotland, including nursing students, is a matter for the Scottish Government.
The UK Government support collaboration between our nations to share best practice and provide better healthcare services.
We would be open to future discussions with the Scottish Government about this matter.
My constituent has been denied additional funding for her nursing degree because she is domiciled in England but studying in Scotland, whereas those studying in England can access the funding regardless of where they are domiciled.
What advice can the Government give me to help my constituent?
Nursing bursaries for those wishing to study in Scotland are a matter for the Scottish Government.
Unfortunately, the Scottish Government only provide bursary support for Scottish-domiciled nursing students, and only if they are enrolled in a course that leads to a diploma in Scotland.
In contrast, the UK Government ensure that the learning support fund is available to all UK students studying at English universities, regardless of where they are domiciled.
I will be happy, on behalf of the hon.
Lady, to set up a meeting with my colleagues in the Department of Health and Social Care to see how we might be able to pursue the matter further.
Whether he has made a recent assessment of the impact of import and export requirements following the UK’s exit from the EU on Scottish businesses.
Whether he has made a recent assessment of the impact of import and export requirements following the UK’s exit from the EU on Scottish businesses.
The latest official figures speak for themselves and show sustained increases in both the import and export of goods between Scotland and the EU, with healthy results for services too.
The Brexit pain continues, with £140 billion wiped off the UK economy and more regulation making it tough for exporters.
Relative to similarly sized countries, Scotland’s exports are under real pressure.
Two themes in the First Minister’s industrial strategy were to become an independent nation and to rejoin the EU.
All the evidence points to the fact that that is the correct course of action, does it not?
No, it does not.
Scotland continues to punch above its weight in exports, goods and services and foreign direct investment.
Trade is now well above pre-Brexit levels.
According to the Government’s own figures, new Brexit controls will cost the UK £330 million.
Businesses in Glasgow are telling me they are already suffering from increased costs and red tape when importing parts and exporting goods.
Can the Minister explain to businesses in my Glasgow North West constituency how Brexit is good for them?
The hon.
Lady and the SNP really do have a brass neck speaking about business costs, given their own policy of setting up a hard border at Berwick, next to my constituency.
That would risk thousands of jobs and force thousands of companies out of business—it would be a most damaging and reckless economic step.
We will work through any short-term issues, but the answer is not the long-term decline proposed by the SNP.
What recent steps his Department has taken to help support the Scottish economy.
Supporting economic growth in Scotland remains a core priority of the Scotland Office.
We are focused on long-term economic growth, generating more jobs and boosting business investment.
That is exemplified by investment of up to £372 million in the Scottish freeport and investment zones programmes, on top of our £1.5 billion-worth of investment into growth deals across the whole of Scotland.
The former right hon.
Member for Kingswood and Government net zero tsar, Chris Skidmore, said that what businesses and investors need from the Government is certainty, clarity, consistency and continuity.
Never has that been more true than in Scotland, where there is huge potential for businesses and communities to flourish as a result of the green transition.
However, they are not getting the certainty, clarity, consistency and continuity that they need from this Government, are they?