The Government believe that employers should be given enough time to mitigate the most severe effects of industrial action, and acknowledge responses to the consultation arguing that seven days’ notice was insufficient.
Of course, we did have seven days’ notice between 2010 and 2016 under the Tory Government.
The Tories’ lack of understanding of the Bill is clear from the number of times we heard that it would take us back to the 1970s, whereas in fact it will take us back to 2015, when an earlier version of the Bill was introduced.
The Government’s view is that 10 days provides the appropriate balance in enabling employers to mitigate the impact of industrial action and reduce disruption and the knock-on impacts of strikes, while also respecting the right to strike.
Amendment 291 seeks to remove clause 52, which deals with political funds and which, I think, prompted the most heated debate.
It is notable that when it comes to reducing Tory red tape, it is only trade unions that do not receive the same benefits as everyone else.
There has, I think, been a fundamental misunderstanding of what a trade union is.
It is a member-based, democratic organisation designed to protect those who are part of it.
Comparisons with Netflix subscriptions and insurance contracts are bogus, because they are not the same thing at all.
Membership of a trade union and a political fund is not a subscription that people sign up to for a fixed period; it is membership of a democratically organised and independent trade union, which they are free to leave at any time.
Members have control of the organisation because it is democratically organised, and they can decide as a union whether to have a political fund at all.
People cannot email the chief executive of Netflix and demand that it makes a programme starring their favourite actor, but if people are unhappy with a trade union, they have the opportunity to get involved and change it.
It should be noted that in the 40 years that we have had political fund ballots, no union has disaffiliated from the Labour party.
There has been no closure of political funds, so it is very clear that this is simply red tape.
Of course, it is not all about funding the Labour party, because nearly half of all unions that have a political fund are not affiliated with the Labour party.
If Conservative Members are not satisfied with that, they should read the Bill that is before them, because the clause that they want to remove—clause 52—sets out in subsection (3) how members can opt out of a political fund.
It even sets out the ways they can do so: by post, email or electronic means.
Some of the patronising comments we have heard about people being trapped into something that they do not wish to be in does not reflect the reality of the situation or the ability of trade union members to make up their own minds and exercise  their democratic rights.
Had any Conservative Members ever been members of a trade union, they would understand that.
The repeated insinuations from Conservative Members that I or any anyone else on the Labour Benches have brought forward this Bill because we have been paid by the trade unions to do so is offensive and wrong in equal measure.
They might think money buys you the chance to write the law, but that says far more about their approach to legislation than it does about ours.
On the Labour Benches, we do these things because we believe in them.
We believe that everyone deserves fair treatment at work, and this Bill delivers that.
It is delivering on our values.
In conclusion, the Bill represents a generational shift in protection, a long-overdue reinforcement of workers’ rights in this country, and tangible proof of how a Labour Government can bring meaningful benefit to people’s lives.