That is why we have amended the Bill to expand access rights, allowing for access agreements to include communication with workers other than by means of physical access to a workplace, such as digital means.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Middlesbrough and Thornaby East (Andy McDonald)  talked about procurement.
His new clause would amend the Procurement Act 2023 to place a duty on the Secretary of State to ensure that any contract entered into by either a Government Department, an executive agency of Government, a non-departmental public body or a non-ministerial department must comply with certain requirements relating to the recognition of trade unions.
We recognise that the recognition of trade unions for collective bargaining was an important feature of the previous two-tier code on workforce matters.
The Bill contains powers to reinstate and strengthen the code by way of regulations and a statutory code, so I assure the House that the Government are committed to strengthening trade union recognition and collective bargaining rights.
New clause 77, in the name of  the hon.
Member for Dundee Central (Chris Law) , would result in a change to the Scotland Act 1998 by removing employment law from the list of reserved matters, thereby bringing it within the competence of the Scottish Parliament.
While his perseverance on this issue is not unnoticed, it would come as no surprise to him, were he here, that the Government have no intention of devolving employment law to the Scottish Parliament.
Previous Scotland Acts have already created one of the most powerful devolved Parliaments in the world.
When there were considerably more SNP Members here during the last Parliament, there was a ten-minute rule Bill on this very subject, and the SNP could not even get a majority of its own Members to support it, so why on Earth would we support such a measure now?
I do not know.
I will turn to the amendments from my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Hayes and Harlington (John McDonnell)  on prison officers’ right to strike.
I thank him for his persistence and his active engagement on behalf of prison officers.
As he said, prison officers are prevented from taking industrial action under current legislation.
Their pay is governed by the independent Prison Service pay review body process, which acts as a compensatory mechanism for that restriction.
There is limited contingency to deal with industrial action, and during such incidents the reliance is on a narrow pool of operational managers with some potential for very limited support from the  police and Army in limited circumstances.
That creates operational risks and is not sustainable for any period of time.
My right hon.
Friend the Member for Hayes and Harlington referred to what he classed as disrespect to prison officers during that debate in Committee.
I just put on record that there was certainly no disrespect shown by those on the Government Benches; we value and respect the work that prison officers do.
I know that he will continue to pursue this matter, and I suggest that he contacts the Ministry of Justice, which has the remit.
I hope it will be able to engage on the matter in future.
Let me now deal with some of the Liberal Democrat new clauses and amendments.
The hon.
Member for St Albans (Daisy Cooper)  spoke about new clause 19, which would give the Secretary of State the power to set out and define in regulations the professional bodies that could represent employees at disciplinary meetings.
It is unclear to us where the demand for that would come from, and I would expect it to benefit some businesses that have raised the prospect with successive Governments.
What is clear, however, is that expanding the types of organisations that could be involved in representing workers at such meetings could lead to hearings requiring legal representation for both the worker and the employer.