That is why more passengers than ever are flying in our skies and leaving our airports.
The Department is fully engaged with the aviation sector at all stages, including on this issue.
What steps she is taking to reduce the backlog for driving tests.
Last month, the Secretary of State announced further measures to tackle the unacceptable  driving test backlog, including doubling training capacity for driving test examiners and offering overtime pay incentives to provide extra tests.
That will create up to 10,000 extra tests a month.
We are determined to get Britain’s drivers moving.
I thank the Minister for her efforts towards improving access to driving tests.
However, in my constituency of Broxtowe, I continually get emails saying that people are struggling to book tests due to a shortage of examiners.
Will she provide us with an update following the instruction made last year to the Driver and Vehicle Standards Agency to double the number of examiners being trained?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise this issue.
We are holding the DVSA to account for successfully implementing the measures in last December’s seven-point plan.
Some 165 new driving examiners have already passed their training and are working in driving test centres, and last year the DVSA provided 1.95 million tests.
This month, it will launch an accelerated consultation on improvements to the test booking system to end the reselling of tests and the exploitation of learners, which is completely unacceptable.
Does the Minister acknowledge that part of what has happened as a result of the pressure tests has been a displacement of learner drivers to test centres in rural areas, where they perceive that there might be less waiting time?
That is prejudicing against local applicants.
Will she do everything she can to ensure that local applicants for tests get priority?
The right hon.
Gentleman raises an important point.
We know that people are booking tests in parts of the country where they have no intention of taking a test, because they can swap that for a test in another driving test centre.
That is one of the issues addressed in the call for evidence that was launched in December.
We have heard that evidence, and we will consult on further changes to the booking system that might address the issue that he raises.
I call the shadow Minister.
At the Transport Committee in April, the Secretary of State admitted that under Labour’s watch,
“waiting times for access to driving tests hit new highs.”
For all the talk of a new plan, she then admitted that the Government only aim to reduce driving test waiting times to seven weeks by “summer next year”.
That is no good for young people waiting, needing the freedom to drive to get to college or work now, is it?
When will the Government see the real urgency for real people and pick up the pace?
We are acting to fix the mess that the shadow Minister’s Government left behind.
Our seven-point plan is being implemented, and last month, the Secretary of State announced additional measures.
We are determined to succeed where the last Government failed.
I do not think the Minister has got the memo that she is in charge now.
The Government cannot hide behind the same old excuses and try to blame others, as average test volumes are now lower—on a month-by-month basis—than they were in the previous two years.
In quarter 1 alone, nearly 100,000 fewer tests were conducted than in the same period in 2024.
The average waiting time for a driving test in the UK sits at 22 weeks—over five months.
That is up from 17.1 weeks in July 2024 and 20.4 weeks in February 2025.
For all the Government’s promises, there has been no actual delivery.
Why has capacity not increased or, at the very least, stayed the same as when we were in charge?
The hon.
Gentleman is not listening.