Following the fire at North Hyde substation that closed Heathrow a few weeks ago, various lines on the London Underground were brought to a standstill by another power outage this week.
It is clear that we need to do more to improve the resilience of our transport energy infrastructure, so will the Secretary of State commit to a full review to ensure that these incidents do not keep happening?
A review is being conducted by the National Energy System Operator on the Heathrow substation fire.
The interim report has been published, and we expect the full report in June.
The Heathrow report is expected to go to its board in May.
My Department and I work very closely with all transport operators to ensure that they have robust resilience plans in place.
The Government are conducting a review of critical national infrastructure to address the broader question.
In Hartlepool, to make a journey of just 2.8 miles from St Hild’s school to the Headland requires two buses and  takes approximately 40 minutes.
The Hartlepool transport users forum and residents across the town have had enough.
Other parts of the country are putting buses back into public hands.
Will the Minister mandate Tees Valley combined authority to do the same for Hartlepool?
I hope the Tees Valley Mayor is looking at the great work that Labour mayors are already doing across the country to transform public transport in their regions.
Residents in Cheltenham remain extremely frustrated about the state of the roads.
We have too many potholes and the approach taken to the maintenance of our high street by the previous Conservative county council administration has been substandard.
The state of our strand and the threat to our promenade are at the forefront of people’s minds.
We have finally had a change of administration, with the Liberal Democrats now in charge of the county council.
What can the Secretary of State and Ministers do to reassure me that the Liberal Democrat county council will be given the tools that it needs to fix our roads and maintain our high street properly?
The Department is providing Gloucestershire county council with an extra £9 million of highway maintenance funding this year, taking its total funding to £35 million.
That will allow the council to get on with the job of fixing those potholes.
I am absolutely delighted to see the Government pushing forward with the new lower Thames crossing.
Are there plans to explore widening the carriage in the parts that need it from the crossing to Dover to assist trade transit?
Improvements to the A2 as it approaches Dover are being considered as part of the pipeline of enhancements being developed for possible delivery in a future road investment strategy beyond 2030.
Last month, I visited the Pidley Lorry Group to discuss its campaign to introduce a 7.5 tonne weight limit to prevent HGVs from using the village as a shortcut.
Having enforced the use of the self-funded route by Cambridgeshire county council, the cost to the group so has been in excess of £7,000.
There are similar examples affecting Upwood and Alconbury, which are also villages impacted by high volumes of HGV through traffic.
What are the Government doing to reduce the bureaucracy and expense for our rural communities, so that they can maintain their quality of life and the safety of those who live there?
Local authorities already have the powers that they need to restrict HGVs to certain vehicles or to place weight limits.
If the hon.
Member wants to write to me with further details of the particular issues to which he refers, I would be happy to look at that.
My constituents in Bishopthorpe and Copmanthorpe are sick of putting up with unsafe HGV movements.
Children walking to  school have been involved in near misses, yet the traffic commissioner cannot take that into account, so will my hon.
Friend meet me to discuss this case?