To continue the positivity from the Secretary of State, would she commit to asking Cabinet colleagues to adjust the block grant for Northern Ireland to allow a reduction in APD in order to enhance connectivity within this great United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland?
I appreciate the importance of aviation to the Northern Ireland economy and thank the hon.
Gentleman for his interest in this matter.
As the Minister responsible for aviation, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wythenshawe and Sale East (Mike Kane)  said in answer to substantive questions, airports are currently seeing their busiest times ever.
This Government feel that our approach to APD is proportionate given the fantastic demand we are seeing.
Reliable bus services are not just a privilege; they are the backbone of communities across my constituency, and connect individuals to schools, jobs, financial services and social interactions with family and friends.
Rural communities in Northumberland deserve the same opportunities as our more urban regions.
Does the Minister agree that as the Government’s better buses Bill proceeds to its further stages, we must not overlook rural voices on the services that they need?
Improving bus connectivity in rural areas is vital for kick-starting growth.
Our Bus Services (No.
2) Bill will give local leaders the powers they need for their communities, including in Northumberland, which as part of the North East combined authority was allocated £23 million in 2025-26 to improve services.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
At the last transport questions, on  27 March , in the context of the Secretary of State saying on television that some strikes are  “necessary”, I pointed out that the trade unions have welcomed her rail reform plans and said that
“a just transition to nationalisation would mean the levelling up of pay and conditions for rail workers.”
The cost of that to the taxpayer would be considerable.
When I asked the Secretary of State whether she would
“consider a strike over harmonising pay and conditions to be a necessary strike”,—[Official Report,  27 March 2025 ; Vol.
764, c. 1099.]
she avoided answering the question, which was uncharacteristic of her.
I will give her another chance now: would that be a necessary strike?
The answer I gave to the shadow Secretary of State’s previous question was that if, as an operator of the railway, we felt it was necessary to take a strike on grounds of safety, we would, of course, put the safety of the travelling public first—that will always be the case.
On the harmonisation of terms and conditions, we need to bring legislation forward to establish Great British Railways.
We will have many discussions with our trade union colleagues in a constructive way while ensuring that we provide value for money for the taxpayer.
Project Willow supports the potential of sustainable aviation fuel to bring jobs to Grangemouth, if the right policies are in place such as flexibility on the cap on hydroprocessed esters and fatty acids, and expediency on the revenue certainty mechanism.
What is the Department doing urgently to assess, integrate and implement the recommendations of Project Willow and to support accelerated investment at Grangemouth?
My hon.
Friend is a doughty champion for the Grangemouth refinery.
He asks what we are doing: yesterday, we introduced the SAF Bill to bring forward the revenue certainty mechanism, and we continue to consider the Project Willow report and its recommendations.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Following the fire at North Hyde substation that closed Heathrow a few weeks ago, various lines on the London Underground were brought to a standstill by another power outage this week.
It is clear that we need to do more to improve the resilience of our transport energy infrastructure, so will the Secretary of State commit to a full review to ensure that these incidents do not keep happening?
A review is being conducted by the National Energy System Operator on the Heathrow substation fire.