In common with  the hon.
Member for Blackpool North and Fleetwood (Lorraine Beavers) , I have concerns about the fishing sector.
In terms of maritime needs and co-ordination with the drive towards net zero, and with the push towards marine-based renewable energy, what discussion has taken place with the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero to ensure that the needs of the fishing industry are considered, weighted and fully evaluated?
This is a huge opportunity for the UK.
Our mission to have clean energy by 2030 is an incredible target, and we are getting on with it.
That means making big decisions with the Crown Estate, our fisheries, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, the Department for Transport and Department for Energy Security and Net Zero.
We are working together at pace, and we are beginning to see some of the fruits of that, such as the investment in the Port of Tyne that I just mentioned, but the work is ongoing.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of the performance of rail services operating from north Wales.
Despite recent improvements, the performance of Avanti West Coast’s services in north Wales is still not good enough.
Poor Network Rail infrastructure reliability also remains an issue.
North Wales and its surrounding regions have such huge potential, so I am actively engaged with the Welsh Government on plans to create a transport system that meets the needs of all our communities and delivers economic growth.
Rail plays a vital role in the north Wales economy, so I welcome the recent announcement of 12 additional services per week between Holyhead and London.
However, that remains a shadow of the pre-covid timetable, which saw up to 14 daily direct services.
The north Wales line regularly sees more cancellations and poorer reliability than other parts of the west coast franchise.
It is vital that with economic growth, tourism and access to employment across north Wales and beyond, we see a return to a more frequent and reliable service pattern.
What measures is the Secretary of State taking to ensure that that happens?
The uplift in service levels between London and Holyhead from this Sunday is indeed welcome, and I agree that a reliable service being delivered for the passengers of north Wales is vital for economic growth.
I recognise that Wales has not seen its fair share of funding historically, and I am committed to continued rail infrastructure investment in Wales to release capacity and improve reliability.
The midlands rail hub was backed by the previous Government.
It will unlock and drive economic growth across the west midlands and beyond, including into Wales, and improve the performance of existing rail services.
When will the Secretary of State make an announcement in her review of that project, or is this just another example of the Treasury reversing or holding up investment in our region?
I can see that Mr Speaker is smiling; I congratulate the right hon.
Lady on her ingenuity in working in a question about the midlands.
She is right to talk about the benefits of the midlands rail hub.
She will be aware that a spending review process is under way, and I anticipate being able to say more on that project in due course.
Whether she plans to increase rail capacity on the Brighton main line.
Officials in my Department are in regular discussions with Network Rail and train operators on opportunities to improve services across the Brighton main line, taking account of changes to commuter travel since the pandemic.
Decisions about the Department’s capital portfolio will be announced after completion of the 2025 spending review, ensuring that every penny spent supports our missions and our plan for growth.