Let’s see how that is going.
Her first nationalisation will be South Western Railway in two weeks’ time.
That new service will need trains, yet The Telegraph has revealed that inept contract negotiations by her Department, where there was no effective competition, mean that the cost of re-leasing the same trains is increasing by £250 million over five years.
Are those the efficiency savings she had in mind?
The up to £150 million of savings that the taxpayer can enjoy as a result of train operating companies coming back into public ownership are the saved management fees that we are currently paying to private sector operators, and efficiencies will be delivered on top of that.
On the substantive issue that the hon.
Gentleman raises about South Western Railway, the cost of renewing rolling stock leases has been fully and properly budgeted for, with successful commercial negotiations recently concluded.
The franchising process under his Government saw some “buy now, pay later” deals done on rolling stock, where costs were always expected to increase.
I think that approach was deeply dubious, but that was the short-termist, ill-thought-through approach of his Government, and we are now having to clear up that mess.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help ensure that workers have necessary skills for the rail sector.
A skilled workforce is key to delivering the railways that passengers need, and I am working closely with colleagues across Government to ensure that we train up the right people in the right way for the jobs of the future.
As my hon.
Friend will know from our visit to Derby last week, we are also taking action to ensure that we attract younger talent into the industry, by lowering the age at which someone can become a train driver to 18.
Derby is the centre of the largest rail cluster in Europe—an east midlands cluster employing 45,000 people.
There is an incredible range of roles in the sector, from engineering to driving, digital to welding, advanced manufacturing to customer services, and many more.
However, with a third of workers in the rail sector aged 50 or over, it faces a significant shortage of rail skills in the future.
What role can Great British Railways, with its headquarters in Derby, play in ensuring that we have the skills we need for the future?
Developing an industry workforce plan will be a key priority for Great British Railways, and I am confident that we will be making the most of the expertise that already exists in places such as Derby.
The fact that Derby will soon become the new national headquarters of GBR will mean more high-skilled jobs for a city that is already brimming with rail industry talent.
I look forward to working with my hon.
Friend and local leaders on maximising the opportunities that the creation of GBR presents.
What steps she is taking to support the maritime sector.
What steps she is taking to support sustainability in the maritime sector.
What steps she is taking to support the maritime sector.
The recently published maritime decarbonisation strategy supports sustainable growth, working with industry to reach zero emissions by 2050, supported by £30 million for clean maritime research and development.
The Government have also allocated £850,000 to maritime clusters to support skills and training programmes, boosting growth and improving our coastal communities.
Cornwall has a thriving maritime sector, particularly in Falmouth, that is well-served by training establishments, such as Cornwall Marine Network and Falmouth marine school, as well as leading apprenticeship programmes across Falmouth.
Much of  that centres around our Port of Falmouth.
Will the Ports Minister meet me and officials from the Treasury to ensure that Government support reaches Falmouth port and that Cornwall can take advantage of the new green jobs that will be provided by the port’s upgrade?
My hon.
Friend is a fierce advocate for the maritime community in her constituency.