Any additional services will be dependent on funding from the spending review.
The Rail Minister will meet my hon.
Friend to discuss the proposals further, following the conclusion of the spending review.
The Department continues to review the application from Grand Central to introduce open-access services between London and Cleethorpes, and will provide its views to the regulator in due course.
Access to the rail network, however, is ultimately a decision for the regulator.
As the House will know, I have been raising the prospect of a direct service from Cleethorpes and Grimsby to King’s Cross since 2011.
Will the Minister give an absolute assurance that he and the Rail Minister will seriously consider the importance of that and actually deliver a service?
We do not mind whether it is run by LNER or Grand Central; we just want a direct service to boost the local economy.
As I said, a decision is ultimately a matter for the regulator.
Open access can provide benefits such as improved connectivity and choice for passengers, but it can also increase costs to taxpayers and create additional performance pressures on an already constrained network.
The Department will always look at applications on a case-by-case basis and feed into the regulator’s decision.
What recent progress her Department has made on constructing the lower Thames crossing.
In March, we took the decision to approve National Highways’ planning application for the lower Thames crossing, which is a big step forward for the project and ends decades of inaction by previous Governments.
Ahead of construction, my officials and National Highways are exploring all funding options, including private finance.
As with all capital projects, spending decisions are subject to the spending review process.
I welcome that response, the certainty the decision has provided to people living in the Thames estuary, and the visit yesterday to supply-chain businesses by our right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero.
Will the Secretary of State for Transport confirm that she will meet me and a delegation of Kent and south-east London MPs to discuss how we can ensure that investment and skills are secured for local supply chains and the development of further education colleges?
I would be very happy to have that meeting with my hon.
Friend and his colleagues.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
After years of dither and delay, we are taking bold action to take the brakes off growth, create jobs and get Britain moving.
Last week, we announced a lower minimum age for train drivers to future-proof our railways and prevent frustrating cancellations, and we have granted planning permission for the lower Thames crossing, a strategic freight route between the south-east and the rest of the country.
We are also strengthening our aviation industry.
Planning approval has been given for the expansion of Luton airport, a final decision on Gatwick will be made as soon as possible, following the airport’s submission of further information, and we look forward to receiving proposals for a third runway at Heathrow later this summer.
Finally, we introduced the Sustainable Aviation Fuel Bill yesterday, giving confidence to the industry as it charts a green future.
These measures show how we are delivering on our plan for change: driving opportunity, creating better journeys and improving living standards up and down the country.
I thank the Secretary of State for setting out those positive opportunities for the future.
Air passenger duty adversely impacts economic opportunity for companies in Northern Ireland.
To continue the positivity from the Secretary of State, would she commit to asking Cabinet colleagues to adjust the block grant for Northern Ireland to allow a reduction in APD in order to enhance connectivity within this great United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland?
I appreciate the importance of aviation to the Northern Ireland economy and thank the hon.
Gentleman for his interest in this matter.