Has the Minister considered how the public can be better educated and restrictions enforced?
Are the Government planning to create a new offence of obstructive parking, as the Minister recommended in her previous role?
I thank the hon.
Member for his question, and he is right to raise the impact that pavement parking has on the ability of children to walk safely to school, which we want to encourage.
There are many things we can do, and he is right to say that part of the mix is communication and publicity to explain the dangers that pavement parking poses to pedestrians.
What steps she is taking to help improve compliance with vehicle registration regulations by drivers.
My hon.
Friend has rightly identified the importance of holding the correct information to identify the keeper of every vehicle operating on our roads.
The Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency works closely with the police, who have the power to seize non- compliant vehicles.
I recently spoke to a roads policing officer about drivers who use illegal number plates, such as ghost number plates that cannot be read by police and speed cameras.
He told me:
“The scale at which this problem now exists is frightening.
These plates are on every street, in every town and they are being used to openly commit offences and evade capture, in the knowledge  there’s very little we can do about it.
The problem is only getting worse, posing huge danger on our roads.
We need to toughen up the law urgently”.
Will the Minister set out the action she is taking to increase the penalties for using these ghost plates to at least £1,000 and six penalty points, and put an end to this number plate wild west that is endangering our streets?
My hon.
Friend is a great campaigner, and she is right to continue to highlight this issue.
It is already illegal to sell and display that type of number plate, but I recognise that there is more to do.
The DVLA is working with the National Police Chiefs’ Council, the Home Office, various police forces and trading standards on the supply and use of these illegal number plates, and implementing stricter penalties and fines will be considered as part of our work on the new road safety strategy.
What recent assessment she has made of the adequacy of the condition of local roads.
What recent assessment she has made of the adequacy of the condition of local roads.
We are determined to end the pothole plague on our roads, which is the result of a decade of under-investment by the previous Government.
We have provided an extra £500 million for councils this year to allow them to make an immediate start on this.
In Birmingham, people are fed up, as they are in other parts of the country, of potholes and drains that go uncleared, after years of underfunding and short-term budgets, but unlike in other parts of the country, those services are provided under a historical private finance initiative contract.
Will the Minister update the House on when a decision will be made about the future of that contract, and what steps she will take with the local authority so that Birmingham’s roads get better?
My hon.
Friend has been dogged in raising this issue with me and the Department, and I assure him that we will make an announcement on the way forward as soon as possible.
Following a consultation with the council, we have been carefully considering its formal representations on this matter, and we are committed to working together in the best interests of his constituents, the people of Birmingham and the taxpayer.
Motorists and cyclists across the country are still facing the Tory pothole plague.
In Derby, 17% of our roads are in a poor condition due to Tory austerity.