Why has capacity not increased or, at the very least, stayed the same as when we were in charge?
The hon.
Gentleman is not listening.
We are implementing the seven-point plan, but turning around the mess and the problems that the Conservatives left us takes time.
I am determined that we will see the results, that waiting times will come down and that we will support learner drivers.
It cannot be done overnight when we are trying to fix 14 years of mess.
What recent discussions she has had with local authorities on pavement parking regulations.
When she plans to respond to the consultation entitled “Pavement parking: options for change”, published on 31 August 2020.
This Government are committed to publishing a formal response to the consultation and announcing the next steps for pavement parking as soon as possible.
We are currently considering the consultation outcome, including the views of many local authorities, and the options for tackling this nuisance.
Back in 2018, I had an Adjournment debate on pavement parking after meeting my then constituents Margaret and Laurel, who are both visually impaired.
They told me—in fact, they demonstrated to me—that pavement parking prevented them from using pavements safely, which undermined their independence and confidence, and put them at risk of injury.
My Blaydon and Consett constituents continue to raise this issue, but we saw little action under the last Government.
What progress has the Minister’s Department made on responding to the consultation and on providing guidance to local authorities?
I welcome my hon.
Friend’s question.
The previous Government failed to act and, like her, I am determined to tackle pavement parking.
That is why I have met representatives of Guide Dogs, Living Streets, Sustrans and Transport for All to discuss this very important issue, which is absolutely fundamental to the safety and accessibility of our public realm.
I can assure my hon.
Friend that I am on the case, and I look forward to setting out the way forward very soon.
I thank the Minister for her response, and I am really pleased to see that she is committed to addressing pavement parking.
It is absolutely essential  that it is addressed for my constituents in Redhill, where it is a real problem.
As the Minister will know, Guide Dogs has been running a campaign for many years on addressing pavement parking, given the impact it has on those who are visually impaired.
Given the Minister’s enthusiasm for solving this problem, can she please give us an idea of the timescale for delivering a solution—not the recommendations, but a solution—so that those with visual impairments and my constituents can navigate pavements safely?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her support in acting to tackle what is a nuisance not just for disabled people, but for children walking on the pavement and for parents pushing buggies and prams.
It is really important that we get this right.
I am working speedily with my officials to do so, and I look forward to being able to announce the outcome of the consultation and our next steps shortly.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I thank the Minister for her answers and for all she did on this issue in her previous role as Chair of the Transport Committee.
Regulations prohibiting pavement parking already exist in London, but that alone will not solve the problem.
At All Saints’ primary school in south Wimbledon, for example, pavement parking is a long-running issue, forcing parents and children into the road and obvious danger, and it is proving very difficult to solve.
Has the Minister considered how the public can be better educated and restrictions enforced?
Are the Government planning to create a new offence of obstructive parking, as the Minister recommended in her previous role?
I thank the hon.