We have already brought 1,000 new probation officers on board, and we are committed to a further 1,300 in the coming year.
Mr Speaker, to pick up on your statement, for which I think the whole House will be grateful, I am sure that my Committee will take up your clear urging for us to look at the issue with regard to the ministerial code.
I know the Minister will agree that domestic abuse cannot be an issue to which lip service is paid in this House and then policies seem to neglect.
I make no apologies for returning to the views of the Domestic Abuse Commissioner for England and Wales, who issued a severe warning to the Lord Chancellor yesterday, commenting:
“I cannot stress the lack of consideration for victims’ safety and how many lives are being put in danger because of this proposed change.”
Why does the Minister think the commissioner, with all her expertise and knowledge, has arrived at that conclusion?
We have great respect for the Victims’ Commissioner.
What would be letting down victims is if we allowed the prison system to get to a place where we cannot lock prisoners up—that would be unconscionable.
That is why it is important that we have taken these steps.
I remind the hon.
Member that we are excluding those prisoners who pose the most risk and are managed under MAPPA—multi-agency public protection arrangements—levels 2 and 3.
That means various agencies working together.
The exclusion also includes all those convicted of terrorist and national security crimes.
Proper action can be taken where agencies identify risk to move from a fixed-term recall to a standard recall.
Will the Minister tell me whether I am correct that when we entered office, there were fewer than 100 spaces left in our prisons—a terrible failure from the Conservative party?
Does he agree that instead of empty words and false promises to build prisons, this Government are getting on with the job?
My hon.
Friend is quite right.
We faced a real emergency when we came into office.
It is unconscionable that any Government would do that to an incoming Government.
The previous Labour Government added 28,000 prison places in 13 years.
In their 14 years, the Conservative Government managed to add 500.
In 10 months we have already delivered 2,400 prison places.
Has the Ministry of Justice conducted an impact assessment for this policy?
If so, will it release that to the House as soon as possible?
If not, can the Lord Chancellor confirm how she knows what impact the policy will have on victims and the wider public?
We are always alert to the need to assess how policies apply to the wider public and victims.
That is important.
This situation is one of the most egregious examples of state failure and a consequence of the worst chaos and incompetence of the last 14 years.
The Lord Chancellor has been clear that, given current levels of demand, we cannot build our way out of this crisis.
Does the Minister agree that we have to be honest and do something different to ensure that we never again run out of prison places, including improving the existing prison estate and investing in the Probation Service, so that we can reduce reoffending and thereby reduce the pressure on prison places?
We are improving the prison estate and investing in probation, and there will also be actions coming forward from the independent sentencing review.
I agree with everything my hon.
Friend said.
Victims of domestic abuse, sexual abuse and stalking are now in fear, particularly those who live in rural areas, where tagging does not always work.
What particular measures will the Minister put in place to support victims in rural areas who are distant from probation officers and the police?