Timetables are kept under review and can be adjusted to reflect fluctuations in demand.
I am pleased to say that four additional weekday evening services will be introduced on the route in December.
Once again, I have had to grant an urgent question on a matter that was briefed extensively to the media in recent days.
I recognise that a written ministerial statement was issued, but I am surprised that the Government did not think that Members would want an opportunity to question Ministers on a very important issue.
On Monday, the Home Secretary was unapologetic about the fact that details of the immigration White Paper were given to the media, starting on Sunday morning, before it was laid before this House and long before she came to make a statement.
I note that those who now occupy senior ministerial roles were not slow to complain when the previous Government made major policy announcements outside this place.
I will continue to uphold and defend the rights of this House—the rights of Back Benchers—to be the first to hear the most important announcements of Government policy and the rights of hon.
Members to question Ministers on those announcements in person.
That was my position under the previous Government and it has not changed under this Government.
It is clear to me that the general principle set out in paragraph 9.1 of the ministerial code is being disregarded more often than it is observed.
I will write to the Chair of the Public Administration and Constitutional Affairs Committee to invite that Committee to consider the issues in more detail.
If the Government are not going to take the ministerial code seriously, who will?
I do not like doing this.
I believe that I am here to represent all Back Benchers, and Back Benchers have the right to question Ministers first.
I am not interested in Sky News, the BBC or political programmes; I am here to defend you all, and I will continue to defend you.
I say to the Government: please do not take MPs for granted.
It is not acceptable.
I know it is not the fault of the Under-Secretary of State for Justice,  the hon.
Member for Scunthorpe (Sir Nicholas Dakin) ,   who is about to respond to the urgent question, but the message has to go back loud and clear: when you are in the wrong, apologise to Members.
Mr Speaker, I hear your words very clearly.
I very much respect the role of Parliament and I am pleased to be here today to follow up the written ministerial statement that was laid yesterday by the Lord Chancellor.
Order.
Let me gently say to the Minister: you would not be here at all if I had not granted the urgent question.
That is the thing we should remember.
You are only here because I have decided that you should be here.
Please, do not try to take advantage of a situation that is not of your own making.
I will certainly apologise, Mr Speaker.
I was not trying to take advantage.
Clearly, it also took the action of  the right hon.
Member for Newark (Robert Jenrick) , laying an urgent question.
That is how Parliament works, and rightly so.
Order.
I do not want to labour the point—but, no, this is not the way we should be acting.
The statement should have been brought here on the day the plan was announced.
Let us get this very, very clear: this is not about having to grant an urgent question; this is about the Government doing the right thing, rather than somebody else having to drag Ministers here.
That is not how we should be working.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
I am sorry for any misinformation that I have given in trying to respond.
You are a good Minister and a nice person.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.