Effective communication and making sure that people are aware of what support they can access is also important, and we need more of it.
That also applies to training and capacity building for frontline staff, which needs to happen to achieve the cultural changes we need.
Finally, collaboration with other agencies needs to be a statutory responsibility, and there needs to be DWP membership of the safeguarding adults boards.
I am very grateful to you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps she is taking to help ensure the transport system supports economic growth.
What steps she is taking to help ensure the transport system supports economic growth.
Economic growth is this Government’s top priority, and a reliable, well-connected transport network is critical to driving prosperity.
That means delivering local priorities in places such as Huddersfield and Hyndburn, including through West Yorkshire’s £830 million city region sustainable transport settlement and the local transport grant for Lancashire combined county authority.
The Government have rightly prioritised rail as a key factor in the future viability of our transport infrastructure.
There exists in Hyndburn an outstanding opportunity to create a freight rail terminal that would fit with the Department for Transport’s targets for increasing rail freight capacity by 75%.
The proposal also adds value in increasing east-west rail freight capacity, which must currently pass through Manchester.
Sadly, no progress was made on this under the last Government.
Does the Secretary of State agree that a north-west freight strategy should be a priority, and will she meet me to explore the potential of this as a priority project in the north-west?
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight the importance of rail freight, and I am clear that with a reformed railway, we must do more to shift freight from the roads to rail.
I am keen that Network Rail works collaboratively with industry to develop terminals where there is either current demand or the potential for future growth.
If there is viable interest in developing this land, my officials and Network Rail would be happy to engage with interested parties.
I welcome the funding commitments for transport in Huddersfield, including rail upgrades to the Penistone line and the trans-Pennine route, which are very much needed.
However, during a coffee morning with residents last week, the main issue discussed was the reliability of bus services and the need for integrated transport.
Can the Minister outline how she is supporting our West Yorkshire Mayor in ensuring that transport-led economic growth includes bus services and is felt across all neighbourhoods and communities in Huddersfield?
I am not surprised to hear that buses are top of the agenda for my hon.
Friend’s constituents.
Reliable, affordable bus services will be essential for so many of those she represents, and I was particularly delighted to see the successful launch this week of Mayor Tracy Brabin’s Weaver bus network.
The Government are investing £36 million in West Yorkshire’s buses.
That is in addition to the £830 million we are spending in the region to improve local transport infrastructure and the rail investment we are making as part of the trans-Pennine route upgrade.
The Secretary of State knows that High Speed 2’s central purpose is to deliver economic growth, but she knows, too, that it is taking far longer and costing far more to deliver than anyone expected.
Given that projects of the scale of HS2 require parliamentary approval, is it not important that Parliament has accurate estimates of how much the project will cost and how long it will take to deliver?
Will she commission a properly independent and thorough review of why the budget for HS2 has increased so often and the timetable has expanded so often?
I will be providing updates to the House on the emerging cost position and opening window.
As the right hon.