Whether she plans to increase rail capacity on the Brighton main line.
Officials in my Department are in regular discussions with Network Rail and train operators on opportunities to improve services across the Brighton main line, taking account of changes to commuter travel since the pandemic.
Decisions about the Department’s capital portfolio will be announced after completion of the 2025 spending review, ensuring that every penny spent supports our missions and our plan for growth.
Network Rail has identified that if the Croydon area remodelling scheme is not undertaken, capacity through East Croydon will be exhausted by 2030, preventing passengers from across much of southern England from being able to travel to London.
Given that the Department for Transport has outlined that it is minded to approve Gatwick airport’s capacity increase, almost doubling the overall numbers, so long as 54% of passengers travel by public transport—that is in addition to the 2030 figure—will the Minister outline how it is possible to achieve that without the works being undertaken?
I appreciate the work that my hon.
Friend is doing to stand up for his constituents, who rely so much on rail services.
As he acknowledges, plans for a major upgrade to the Brighton main line were cancelled by the previous Government in the 2021 spending review, and they did not even acknowledge that that had happened.
Network Rail is funded to progress automatic route-setting signalling technology to further enhance performance across the Brighton main line.
Further decisions will be made after the spending review.
What steps she is taking to support the aviation sector.
We are unlocking growth by progressing airport planning decisions and inviting third runway  proposals for Heathrow by the summer.
A new UK airspace design service and support fund will drive airspace modernisation.
We introduced the sustainable aviation fuel mandate, and yesterday we proposed a revenue certainty mechanism to support UK production.
SaxonAir, Norwich airport and Norfolk and Suffolk county councils recently launched Aviation East, a call to make East Anglia the heart of aviation innovation.
We are already leading in the development of electric aircraft and the early availability of sustainable aviation fuel, but we could do so much more to unlock growth and deliver jobs.
Will the Minister outline how this Government will support aviation in the east?
I am due to meet him soon, but will he also come to Norwich, take a flight in an electric plane and see what innovation is under way?
This Government want to see the UK maximise the benefits of the future of flight technologies, including flying taxis, both for the economy and for communities.
We recently announced over £20 million of Government funding for the Civil Aviation Authority and the future flight challenge to deliver the future flight programme this year.
That joint programme between industry, Government and the CAA will enhance drone capability by 2027, with flying taxis in the UK’s skies by 2028.
I would be delighted to visit Norwich and the airport in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
As the Minister is well aware, the Government have supported and signed off on the development consent order for Manston airport in my constituency.
It is hoped and expected that the final private funding for that package will be in place and that work will start in the very near future.
Will the Minister now reaffirm his support for the contribution that Manston can and will make to freight and growth in the United Kingdom, and can he also seek to expedite the necessary licences at the appropriate time?
I was delighted to spend my Easter holiday in the right hon.
Member’s constituency, cycling the Cantii way.
I stopped and took a look at Manston airport—and a sip of water from my bottle, because it was a hot day.