For too long, the focus has been on cost cutting, often at the expense of providing genuine support.
That approach has led to a system in which claimants feel undeserving of support and fearful of the very Department that is meant to assist them.
The necessary cultural shift must be driven from the top down, with Ministers and senior officials leading the way.
A statutory safeguarding duty would help to focus minds, improve accountability and ensure that safeguarding becomes everybody’s business in the DWP.
The need for deep-rooted cultural change in the Department cannot be overstated.
The process of engaging with the DWP often leads to mental distress for claimants.
This distress is compounded by a lack of trust in the system, driven by continual cost-cutting measures and an unhelpful media narrative.
To rebuild trust, the DWP must prioritise safeguarding and support over cost cutting, and this means creating a system that not only helps people to find sustainable work, but compassionately supports those who may never work.
The report also emphasises the importance of learning from past mistakes.
The Department has conducted a number of IPRs, but the full scale of harm is much higher.
The ongoing investigation by the Equality and Human Rights Commission into the Department’s treatment of disabled people and those with long-term mental health conditions underscores the need for transparency and accountability.
In addition to the statutory duty, the report makes a number of other important recommendations, which I will go through quickly.
As I have mentioned, it is recommended that all significant new policies are analysed by the Department’s chief medical adviser’s team.
Currently, such assessments are not routinely carried out, leading to policies that may inadvertently harm claimants or exacerbate existing vulnerabilities.
By making these  assessments a standard part of policy development, we hope to ensure that the impacts of policies on the health and wellbeing of claimants are considered and harms mitigated.
The report stresses the importance of having a robust, clear and accessible complaints procedure to prevent failures recurring.
As I have stated, the true scale of deaths and harms is not known.
The report calls for systematic recording and publication of all cases of serious harms and deaths involving claimants.
The Department should commit to publishing this information annually to aid transparency.
The report also recommends improving transparency in the processes used to learn from serious mistakes and failures, and the introduction of an independent body—the Department should not mark its own homework—to investigate serious harms.
On defining and identifying vulnerability, the Department’s current approach is seen as flexible, lacking in clarity and consistency.
The report calls for a formalised definition of vulnerability that is clearly communicated in public-facing documents.
It also recommends adding victims of abuse to the additional support area in universal credit, and implementing proactive measures to identify and support vulnerable claimants.
Ensuring that vulnerable people can access the benefits they are entitled to is crucial for delivering equitable welfare provision.
The removal of the Help to Claim face-to-face service has made it more difficult for some individuals to apply for universal credit.
The report recommends that the DWP ensures that jobcentres provide thorough support, and that detailed information about additional support is proactively offered to claimants.
In that regard I do give praise, because there are so many good people in the Department, such as the advanced customer support senior leaders, who are integral to helping frontline DWP staff.
I praise those staff, and we need more of them.
Effective communication and making sure that people are aware of what support they can access is also important, and we need more of it.
That also applies to training and capacity building for frontline staff, which needs to happen to achieve the cultural changes we need.
Finally, collaboration with other agencies needs to be a statutory responsibility, and there needs to be DWP membership of the safeguarding adults boards.