That appears on their attendance register, which follows them throughout life.
The Secretary of State will own South Western Railway by the end of the month.
Will she commit to improving the reliability and punctuality of that section of the line?
With the transfer of South Western trains into public ownership in 10 days’ time, the Government are determined to turn this situation around, but I have to say that we have inherited an abject mess from the train operating company, which over six years has failed to get the new fleet of Arterio 701 trains into service.
I call the Chair of the Transport Committee.
At yesterday’s Transport Committee hearing, the Minister for Local Transport outlined the measures that the Government are taking to reverse the 15-year decline in bus services.
The measures will protect many at-risk bus routes and may deliver a few more, but as they deliver growth and reduce congestion, do the Government have a wider ambition to ensure that all rural and non-city areas in England have at least a basic level of bus service so that everyone can get to school, work and the shops, and use public services without needing to drive a car?
I have to say, I really enjoyed my appearance at the Select Committee yesterday.
Ultimately, we want people to choose to take the bus because it provides better connections in every part of the country to get people where they need be.
It is a more reliable, more affordable, faster and more integrated form of transport, and I hope to see that in debates with Members across the House as the buses Bill proceeds.
Farnborough airport’s noise and emission pollution affects a significant part of my constituency.
The airport has announced that it will be launching its consultation to expand in August.
This has obviously brought a lot of concern from residents groups and campaigners, who are worried that people will be away at this time.
What can the Minister do to ensure that there is maximum engagement with the public and therefore a proper consultation?
I thank the hon.
Member for his question, but he will know that this matter is for the determination of Rushmoor borough council, the local planning authority.
He will appreciate that this is a live application, so it would not be appropriate for me to comment at this time.
Businesses on the Newhouse and Bulwark industrial estates in Chepstow are desperate to keep using the M48 Severn bridge, which will be closed to lorries for at least 12 months.
By the end of May, they will have to add at least 30 miles to their journey over the border, seriously affecting profitability and growth.
Will the Minister meet me and Monmouthshire county council to find a solution, such as controlled flow, so that we do not hold back economic growth in Monmouthshire?
Safety is our No.
1 priority, and the weight restriction is about future-proofing the bridge for years to come, but I know how disruptive it is when a key crossing is closed or restricted to traffic.
I would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend.
I call Sir Jeremy Hunt.
Thank you for squeezing me in, Mr Speaker.
Is the Secretary of State aware that to access the platform at Ash Vale station in my constituency, people have to go up multiple flights of steps, equivalent to two or three floors, making it all but impossible for many older people and disabled people to use the rail network?
Before she decides on how to allocate funding under the Access for All scheme in the spending review, will she or one of her Ministers visit Ash Vale, where we promise her a warm Surrey welcome?
That doesn’t always work.
I am aware that feasibility studies have been done on 50 Access for All stations, and we are reviewing the outcomes of those studies.
I apologise to the right hon.