My constituents in Bishopthorpe and Copmanthorpe are sick of putting up with unsafe HGV movements.
Children walking to  school have been involved in near misses, yet the traffic commissioner cannot take that into account, so will my hon.
Friend meet me to discuss this case?
Traffic commissioners consider road safety up to the point where the operating centre joins the highway, but, beyond that, it is probably a matter for the local authority or the police.
Although traffic commissioner independence is crucial and ministerial influence would be improper, I will be very happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss his road safety concerns and how they might be tackled.
My constituents in Tiverton and Minehead face many challenges when it comes to transport connectivity.
Will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss the merits of a strategic outline business case set out by West Somerset Railway to reconnect the heritage railway line at Bishops Lydeard to the mainline at Taunton?
That would allow students to access the only sixth-form facilities in Taunton, take the pressure off the No.
28 bus, and massively improve our ability to entertain more tourists.
The hon.
Lady mentioned this to me a couple of days ago when I bumped into her, but I regret to inform her that the Department does not currently have any plans to take forward a development link between Bishops Lydeard and Taunton.
I have, however, asked officials to reach out to those at the local authority to discuss the merits of the scheme.
In the ’60s, North West Leicestershire lost its only passenger rail service, the Ivanhoe line.
In 2025, my constituents still have no direct access to the rail line.
Increasing connectivity of railways is crucial to securing economic growth.
Will the Minister share the Department’s plans to improve access to passenger rail for communities with no current access?
I am more than happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss this further.
Airports across the country are participating in the airspace modernisation review.
However, there is a clear conflict of interest between environmental imperatives and profit motives.
Will the Secretary of State undertake to introduce an independent member on each airspace review panel?
The Government are pressing on with airspace modernisation and have set up the UK Airspace Design Service.
I recently met the hon.
Member in my office to discuss this issue.
We continue at pace on this work and will be consulting widely.
Every week on my journey to and from this place I join constituents on overcrowded Chiltern Railways trains that are often advertised as standing room only.
The oldest class of carriages operating on that network has an average age of 47 years.
In the light of this, can Ministers tell me what action the Department is taking to support the replacement and refurbishment of these carriages to improve capacity, service reliability, and passenger experience and comfort?
Chiltern Railways faces challenges with ageing trains and is engaged in commercial negotiations to replace its oldest Mark 3 carriages.
The Department is collaborating with Chiltern to ensure that the procurement delivers long-term passenger benefits.
Separately, the Chiltern Class 168 fleet is undergoing significant refurbishment, including to its interiors, and improvements to reliability.
The 7.58 am train from Sunbury to Shepperton is used by a lot of schoolchildren in my constituency to get to school, but it was cancelled for four days during a recent six-day period, which meant that children were late for school.
That appears on their attendance register, which follows them throughout life.
The Secretary of State will own South Western Railway by the end of the month.
Will she commit to improving the reliability and punctuality of that section of the line?