We have deported more foreign national offenders in 12 months than the last Government did in the previous 12 months, and we are continuing to work hard with the Home Office to deport foreign national offenders.
We will never be able to do that on the scale necessary to address the challenges that we face in our prisons at this time.
On a recent visit to Featherstone prison near Wolverhampton, I came across several prisoners who had been recalled, and who were waiting up to a year to have their cases progressed.
Does the Minister agree that limiting the recall sentence, making greater use of technology to punish offenders in the community, and making the Probation Service more effective will result in better rehabilitation of prisoners, reduce reoffending, and ease the prison overcrowding caused by the previous Government?
My hon.
Friend points out the actions that we must take to address the challenges that we face in the system, and to make the system work better for victims and protect the public.
Many domestic abusers will, given their nature, welcome the opportunity to give another twist of the knife at the cost of a mere 28 days.
Has the Minister just presented them with a practical opportunity?
I have carefully gone through the exclusions from this measure, and emphasised the importance of good professional bodies continuing to apply proper risk assessments.
When risk assessments say that a standard recall is more appropriate than a fixed-term recall, that will happen.
It is a bit rich for Conservative Members to be critical when they left the criminal justice system in total meltdown.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that tagging is an important resource for protecting the public from  criminals?
Perhaps he saw the Channel 4 programme “Dispatches”, which showed that the contract given to Serco by the Conservative party was totally and utterly failing.
Does he have confidence in Serco to deliver that contract, and if not, will he remove it, and bring that service back under public control?
It is clear that tagging technology has huge potential.
A recent study has shown a 20% reduction in reoffending by offenders wearing curfew tags, but my hon.
Friend is right to draw attention to concerns about the contract.
Serco’s performance is improving, but it is still not acceptable.
The reporting in the “Dispatches” programme was from last year, when we knew that there were serious issues, and we issued financial penalties to Serco, which was given the contract by the previous Government.
If Serco’s performance drops again, all options will remain on the table.
This announcement is a further illustration of why this House should legislate to remove all impediments to the deportation of foreign national offenders.
In his reply to the shadow Justice Secretary, the Minister said that victims who are affected by this policy should be kept informed about release, yet he refused to say whether the Department has conducted an impact assessment.
What new information is he today willing to commit to publishing each month, so that victims are indeed kept informed?
Victims absolutely need to be kept informed, and we continue to work with victims’ groups and the Victims’ Commissioner to ensure that they are.
In separate cases, two families in my constituency lost loved ones when they were murdered by offenders who were out on remand but should never have been.
Will the Minister meet me and, if they wish, both families, so that they can have some assurance that lessons have been learned from these cases, and so that other families are not placed in the same horrendous situation?
I am very sorry to hear about the cases mentioned by my hon.
Friend.
I am happy to meet him to take the matter further.