We should never forget that the crisis in our prisons that the current Lord Chancellor is seeking to resolve was created over 14 years by the irresponsible mismanagement of the previous Government.
Although today’s announcement makes sense in the short term, subject to safeguards, we must consider the whole way in which recall has developed, from 100 cases 30 years ago to more than 13,000 today—over 15% of the prison population—with less than 30% of recalls being for further offences.
Will the Government consider the way in which recall operates?
Without the freeing up of space in prisons, rehabilitation is impossible, overcrowding reaches ridiculous levels and we run out of space altogether.
My hon.
Friend is right: the recall population has doubled in just seven years and we need to address that.
The independent sentencing review will report shortly, and I hope that there will be recommendations to which we can respond in that report.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
There is no doubt that the Conservatives plunged our prisons into crisis. [
Interruption.]
They chunter from a sedentary position, but what else would they call it?
It is clear that the Government have failed to step up and tackle the sheer scale of the problem.
Across the country, victims and survivors are worried about what this will mean for them.
If there were a specific domestic abuse offence, dangerous offenders could be excluded from early release, but the Government have taken no action at all since the Liberal Democrats raised that solution with them last autumn.
Will the Minister finally commit to giving victims and survivors the protections that they deserve by creating new domestic abuse aggravated offences, and will he go further to protect our communities by introducing a clear plan to reduce reoffending, which is the only way to solve prison crowding once and for all?
If the Minister will not listen to me, will he listen to the Domestic Abuse Commissioner, who has just warned that lives are now at risk?
The hon.
Member will know that his colleague,  the hon.
Member for Chichester (Jess Brown-Fuller) , is working closely with the Under-Secretary of State for Justice, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Pontypridd (Alex Davies-Jones) , on getting things right for victims.
That is something we take very seriously, and it needs to be done properly, with victims, in order to get it right.
I hope that the independent sentencing review report will contain things that give us confidence about moving forward and about the way we work with victims.
The Conservatives appear to have forgotten quite a number of things, and I think it might be a good time to remind them.
Former Justice Secretary Chris Grayling’s disastrous partial privatisation of the Probation Service was overturned in 2019 after the number of serious offences—including rape and murder—committed by those on probation skyrocketed.
Does the Minister agree that we are seeing the long tail of Conservative failure, which overshadows everything that we must do now?
My hon.
Friend is right to remind the House of the chaos and turmoil that the Conservatives applied to our very important Probation Service when they were in government.
We are putting probation back together.
We have already brought 1,000 new probation officers on board, and we are committed to a further 1,300 in the coming year.
Mr Speaker, to pick up on your statement, for which I think the whole House will be grateful, I am sure that my Committee will take up your clear urging for us to look at the issue with regard to the ministerial code.
I know the Minister will agree that domestic abuse cannot be an issue to which lip service is paid in this House and then policies seem to neglect.