Will the Ports Minister meet me and officials from the Treasury to ensure that Government support reaches Falmouth port and that Cornwall can take advantage of the new green jobs that will be provided by the port’s upgrade?
My hon.
Friend is a fierce advocate for the maritime community in her constituency.
This Government are committed to unlocking investment in UK ports, and I was delighted by the announcement just yesterday by LS Eco Advanced Cables that it will be investing £1 billion into the Port of Tyne, which will be the first of many such investments over the months and years ahead.
We are streamlining regulatory and planning processes, updating our national policy statement for ports, which is long overdue, and we will make targeted investments through the national wealth fund.
I would be delighted to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss that.
The Port of Dover has ambitious targets to be the first green shipping corridor.
What are the Government’s plans to ensure sufficient power supplies to the port for ships to plug into?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising that infrastructure, which is so important to our nation.
I was pleased to meet Doug Bannister, the chief executive officer of the Port of Dover, just the other day to talk about these matters.
This Government are implementing a new strategic planning process and reforming connections to ensure that electricity meets future demands.
If we do that right, we can have the greenest shipping corridors in the world.
Fleetwood, in my constituency, has a proud fishing industry, but our port is currently massively underused.
The Government’s clean power mission is a huge opportunity for ports like Fleetwood to take advantage of jobs and investment brought by offshore wind projects.
Will the Minister meet me to ensure that the Port of Fleetwood gets the investment it needs to take advantage of those projects, so that my community can start to rebuild after the last 14 years of austerity inflicted on it by the previous Conservative Government?
That is so true.
I was delighted to join my hon.
Friend on a recent visit to Fleetwood nautical campus in her constituency, where I saw the excellent facilities and what a fantastic advocate she is for the people of Fleetwood and its port.
I briefly met with the soon-to-be new owners of that port.
Once that deal is finalised and they have plans to progress, I will sit down with my hon.
Friend and the new owners to look at the potential for what we can achieve there.
Isle of Wight ferry company, Red Funnel, is controlled by Canadian pension funds.
It is unregulated and charges Isle of Wight residents up to £400 to take a return car ferry crossing.
Does the Minister support that ownership model and pricing structure for a lifeline transport connection in the UK?
I can tell the hon.
Gentleman that the Avanti up to Manchester can cost more, but that does not help his constituents in the Isle of Wight, who have  been struggling for some time.
That is why I went to the Isle of Wight to meet the hon.
Member and representatives from the council.
We are establishing an local transport forum, and we have agreed a number of ways forward, looking at ticketing, pricing and the reliability of those ferries to the Island.
I promise to continue to be engaged, but I will need the hon.
Member’s help with this as well.
In common with  the hon.
Member for Blackpool North and Fleetwood (Lorraine Beavers) , I have concerns about the fishing sector.
In terms of maritime needs and co-ordination with the drive towards net zero, and with the push towards marine-based renewable energy, what discussion has taken place with the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero to ensure that the needs of the fishing industry are considered, weighted and fully evaluated?