I am very sorry to hear about the cases mentioned by my hon.
Friend.
I am happy to meet him to take the matter further.
The Victims’ Commissioner has warned that freeing prisoners early who have been shown to pose a reoffending risk to the public will
“place victims and the wider public at an unnecessary risk of harm.”
The Domestic Abuse Commissioner has said that it is “simply unacceptable”.
What discussions did the Government have with those two commissioners before making the announcement?
We speak to the Victims’ Commissioner regularly; the Under-Secretary of State for Justice, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Pontypridd (Alex Davies-Jones) , is speaking to them later today.
The Justice Secretary could have chosen to deport more of the thousands of offenders in our jails, maxed out court sitting days, repurposed buildings or procured temporary facilities to hold offenders.
Why has she instead chosen to release serious offenders, including domestic abusers, from jail early, with no consideration for the victims?
This is not about releasing people from prison earlier.
Yes, it is.
No, it is not.
This is about people who have already served their sentence in prison; they are out in the community.
If they breach a condition of their licence, they are returned to prison.
The hon.
Gentleman might as well ask why the Government he supported did not take any of the measures that he mentions.
Our Government inherited the mess that his Government left us, and we are taking decisions to address the unconscionable threat of having a prison system that is not able to lock up dangerous people.
Ministers seem to have been deliberately vague about the number of domestic abuse offenders who will be eligible for release, and the breadth of their offences.
Given how big the announcement is, the Government and the Department will have done a lot of work looking at who will be eligible.
Will the Minister set out to the House the exact number of domestic abuse offenders who will be eligible for this scheme?
I hear the right hon.
Gentleman’s question, and I will write to him.
The first duty of government is to keep the public safe.
I recently met a constituent whose convicted ex-husband is serving a prison sentence, having raped her twice.
Despite being in prison, he continues to have indirect access to their children.
My constituent thinks that is wrong, and I agree.
Does the Minister agree that convicted violent and sexual offenders should serve maximum possible custodial sentences, and lose parental access rights?
The hon.
Gentleman will be aware that the Victims and Courts Bill is about to go through Parliament, and that is the sort of issue that we will look at during the Bill’s passage.
One of the reasons why our prisons are so full is that we have more than 10,000 foreign nationals in them.
What steps is the Minister taking to deport them?
I say gently that we have deported more foreign nationals in the first year on our watch than the previous Government did in the years on their watch.
He is right that we have to roll up our sleeves and continue to get on with the job.
The Minister has been slightly equivocal in answering this question, which I have asked on two previous occasions; third time  lucky!
Prior to announcing this policy change yesterday, did the Government meet and consult the Domestic Abuse Commissioner about it—yes or no?