I was delighted to spend my Easter holiday in the right hon.
Member’s constituency, cycling the Cantii way.
I stopped and took a look at Manston airport—and a sip of water from my bottle, because it was a hot day.
I am looking forward to the outcome of the talks and the funding, and at that point I will be happy to look at the proposals from Manston and sit down with the right hon.
Member to unlock that capacity.
My hon.
Friend will be as aware as I am that the air passenger duty, which was introduced by a Conservative Chancellor more than 30 years ago, has been studied intensively.
Every study shows that the revenue generated by that tax is much less than the benefit of abolishing it.
Will my hon.
Friend and the Secretary of State try to talk some sense into the Chancellor of the Exchequer and her officials, to get rid of this tax and benefit both aviation and the economy?
I would never disagree with the former leader of my council, but on this occasion, I might have to.
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend as somebody who was chairman of the airport that delivered the only international runway in this country in 80 years.
Air  passenger duty is part of the rich mix of the aviation tapestry; however, last month in April, Heathrow had 7.1 million passengers through its doors, the largest number ever.
Most airports and airlines are seeing demand go through the roof.
We are modernising the airspace, decarbonising the fuel and unlocking the constraints on our airports, which is why we are seeing record passenger numbers.
I recognise the vital importance of the aviation sector, but any airport expansion —including at Bristol airport—should reflect the cumulative impact of emissions and our legal commitment to net zero.
Does the Minister support the Climate Change Committee’s advice, published last year, that no airport expansion should proceed without a UK-wide capacity management framework?
First, I congratulate Bristol on the excellent job it is doing and the growth it is seeing.
We have strict criteria on carbon emissions, noise, growth and pollution at our airports.
That is our guiding principle as a Government, but we also want to see local ambition in terms of growth.
Those carbon budgets are fixed; we still want to reach net zero by 2050, even with the growth in our air markets that is expected over the next few years.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
As we approach the summer holidays, we know that many families are looking forward to the opportunity to get away.
However, in what may come as concerning news, Labour’s Employment Rights Bill could threaten passengers’ ability to travel without disruption or additional costs.
This is because in existing passenger rights legislation, under article 5(1)(c)(i) of Regulation 261, passengers are entitled to compensation if they are informed of cancellations less than two weeks before their flight.
The Employment Rights Bill reduces the required notice period for strike action in any industry from 14 days to 10 days, increasing the risk of last-minute cancellations.
That could in theory cost airlines tens of millions of pounds, which could in turn lead to higher costs for passengers as airlines pass the expenses on to the travelling public.
Does the Minister agree that the Government should maintain the 14-day notice period in aviation, putting the interests of passengers ahead of those of their union friends?
The shadow Secretary of State will forgive me if I have not read that sub-paragraph that trips off the tongue.
This Government will always put passengers first.
That is why more passengers than ever are flying in our skies and leaving our airports.
The Department is fully engaged with the aviation sector at all stages, including on this issue.
What steps she is taking to reduce the backlog for driving tests.