That doesn’t always work.
I am aware that feasibility studies have been done on 50 Access for All stations, and we are reviewing the outcomes of those studies.
I apologise to the right hon.
Gentleman for not knowing whether that station in his constituency is one of those 50.
I promise him that I will talk to officials about the matter.
In Chorley’s case, work started but it has still not been finished.
It was abandoned halfway through.
Residents across my constituency regularly raise with me the issue of potholes and the state of our roads in general.
I greatly appreciate the additional funding provided by the Government to South Gloucestershire council to help with improvements.
This is about safety.
It also about pride of place and the costs of vehicle repairs—all these things matter—so what will the next steps be to support councils to keep roads up to scratch once the potholes are filled?
We are providing record amounts for local authorities this year, and we hope to provide a long-term funding settlement for local roads maintenance after the spending review.
Will the Secretary of State accept my warm invitation to visit my constituency and sit in traffic with me so she can experience what my   constituents experience morning, noon and night on the A27, which is strangling economic growth in the area and preventing investment?
As tempting as the hon.
Lady’s invitation is, I regret that I will not be able to do that, and I will not commit the Roads Minister to it either, but we will look at the matters she raises and write to her with an update on the action we think could be taken to improve the situation.
Economic growth requires people to be able to get to work.
This morning, yet another road traffic accident happened on the stretch of M6 motorway that goes through my constituency and yours, Mr Speaker.
This has a hugely disruptive impact on the mainly small roads around it in my constituency.
Yet again, my residents in Longridge, Grimsargh and all the surrounding areas woke up to the prospect of another journey to work that takes two hours instead of 20 minutes, and that is becoming a monthly—if not weekly—occurrence.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss what can be done?
I would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend.
Congestion on the A38 in Bromsgrove is making it nearly impossible for residents to get around easily—yet, despite current investment, there is widespread scepticism that the Bromsgrove route enhancement plan, known locally as BREP, will improve the situation.
Does the Minister agree that investment in transport must deliver a tangible improvement in traffic flow, and will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss investment in Bromsgrove so that we can keep Bromsgrove moving?
I understand the hon.
Member’s wish to get his constituents moving; it is one that we share.
I would be happy to look at his concerns in relation to the A38, and I will contact him with further information.
In 2022, the previous Government cut a significant number of Southeastern services that my constituents in Bexleyheath and Crayford rely on.
My constituents continue to raise concerns that direct services from London Charing Cross to Barnehurst and Bexleyheath should be reinstated during the evenings and weekends.
Could the Minister provide an update on progress to reinstate those services?
Southeastern plans services to meet passenger demand while ensuring value for money for the taxpayer.
Timetables are kept under review and can be adjusted to reflect fluctuations in demand.
I am pleased to say that four additional weekday evening services will be introduced on the route in December.
Once again, I have had to grant an urgent question on a matter that was briefed extensively to the media in recent days.