I am sorry for any misinformation that I have given in trying to respond.
You are a good Minister and a nice person.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
We respect each other, and I respect very much that you are standing up for Parliament, which is exactly the right thing to do.
I applaud that.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Justice if she will make a statement on the public safety implications of the Government’s plan to set a 28-day limit on prison sentences for recalled offenders.
The Lord Chancellor laid a written ministerial statement yesterday, the background to which are the changes around fixed-term recall in the light of the prison capacity challenges that the Government face.
When we were elected almost a year ago, we inherited a prison system on the brink of collapse.
Although we took immediate action to prevent the catastrophe, prisons continue to be perilously close to filling up entirely.
Last December we published a long-term building strategy, setting out our aim to open up 14,000 prison places by 2031.
That is the largest expansion of the prison estate since the Victorians.
We have already committed £2.3 billion to prison expansion, and since taking office we have delivered 2,400 new places.
We also commissioned the independent sentencing review, which will report shortly.
The sentencing review will hopefully offer us a path to ending the capacity crisis in our prisons for good, but the impact of sentencing reforms will not be felt before next spring.
On our current trajectory, we will hit zero capacity in our prisons in November—we cannot allow that to happen.
That is why we have announced our intention to lay a fixed-term recall statutory instrument that will mean that those serving sentences of between one and four years can only be returned to prison for a fixed 28-day period.
The measure builds on previous legislation, introduced by the last Government, that mandated 14-day recalls for those serving sentences of under a year.
To be clear, higher-risk offenders have been exempted from that change.
If further information relating to an offender’s risk is received after they have been recalled which means they are no longer considered suitable for fixed-term recall, they may be detained for longer on a standard recall if that is assessed as necessary.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
“Sorry” seems to be the hardest word today.
I see that the Justice Secretary has still not come to Parliament to defend her policy.
Yesterday she deliberately avoided scrutiny in this House, because she knows that this decision is wildly unpopular and risks the safety of the public.
To govern is to choose.
There are 10,500 foreign criminals in our jails and 17,000 people in prison awaiting trial.
Combined, those two groups make up roughly a third of the prison population.
The sensible step forward would obviously be to introduce emergency measures to expedite deportations and get the courts sitting around the clock.
If the Justice Secretary chose to do that, we would support her, but so far she has not.
She has refused to take the judiciary up on its offer of extra court sitting days.
It is not uncommon for as many as half the courts at the Old Bailey to sit empty on any given day.
Instead, she has decided to let out early criminals who reoffend or breach their licence.
There is now no punishment or  deterrent for criminals who immediately reoffend or cheat the system.
The Justice Secretary says these people will be “in prison outside of prison”—I am sure that hardened criminals will be quaking in their boots at that farcical doublespeak.
There is no two ways about it: this decision has put the public in danger and victims in jeopardy.
The Domestic Abuse Commissioner, Nicole Jacobs, has said that she
“cannot stress enough the lack of consideration for victims’ safety and how many lives are being put in danger”.