If she does not like the ONS figures, she can go and argue with it.
She might not like them, but those are the figures.
In relation to the hon.
Lady’s serious question about RASSO—rape and serious sexual offences—particularly on women, the proportion being reported is much higher than it was a few years ago, which is welcome.
There is a lot more to do, which is why there is a rape review and a rape action plan.
My right hon.
and learned Friend the Home Secretary and the Under-Secretary of State for the Home Department, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Derbyshire Dales (Miss Dines) , are working hard on that.
Operation Soteria Bluestone was fully rolled out at the end of June, just a few days ago, and we have seen a significant increase in the number of relevant charges.
They are still too low, and they need to be higher, which is why we have invested in more RASSO specialist officers, and that work is continuing.
What steps her Department is taking to help tackle antisocial behaviour.
Whether her Department plans to increase police resources to help tackle antisocial behaviour.
Earlier in the year, I launched the antisocial behaviour action plan, which includes increasing funding for police and crime commissioners by over £100 million, delivering stronger and swifter punishment, increasing police visibility in response, and banning nitrous oxide.
Antisocial behaviour is not a low-level crime.
It blights communities, and that is why the Government are committed to tackling it effectively.
Today, to coincide with Anti-social Behaviour Awareness Week, the all-party parliamentary group on antisocial behaviour has published a report with the charity Resolve ASB, which demonstrates, among other things, that 1.7 million people a day experience antisocial behaviour.
Some 58% believe that the Government are not doing enough.
Will the Home Secretary meet members of the all-party parliamentary group and me to look at the recommendations in that report?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his work on the all-party parliamentary group, and I am sure that the Policing Minister and/or I will meet him to learn more about the vital work that he has led.
May I take the opportunity to applaud the officers of Cheshire police force in the hon.
Gentleman’s area?
I have had the pleasure of meeting the excellent chief constable, Mark Roberts.
I applaud the Conservative police and crime commissioner, John Dwyer, who has rolled out a scheme on antisocial behaviour that provides more CCTV and increases the first-responder response.
There is a record number of police officers in Cheshire, and the force has received over £3 million-worth of safer streets funding.
The results are a 26% fall in neighbourhood crime and a 17% fall in drugs offences in Cheshire.
That is common-sense policing, thanks to the police officers and Government support.
Hampshire and Isle of Wight Constabulary is one of the lowest-funded police forces in the UK, and with a decade of cuts to youth services, antisocial behaviour has been left to thrive under this Government.
We have seen the consequences at South Parade pier, the Camber and many other places in Portsmouth.
Neighbourhood policing is vital in cracking down on ASB, which ruins so many lives.
Therefore, what explanation can the Home Secretary provide for halving the number of police community support officers over the past 13 years?
The hon.
Gentleman and I represent constituencies that are served by the same police force, and I am really proud of the track record in Hampshire.