And before the Minister mentions “plans”, that will still leave us 400 officers short.
Why have the Tories failed so badly to get police officers on to the beat?
As I mentioned in earlier answers, across England and Wales we now have record police numbers of 149,572.
The previous peak was 146,030 in 2010, so we have 3,500 more officers than we have ever had before across England and Wales.
In Northumbria, the number has gone up by 512 since 2015.
Of course, many of the powers sit with the PCC, including powers over the precept.
It is entirely open to police and crime commissioners to use those powers.
Today, Operation Centurion has started across Lancashire, utilising £2 million from the Government to put more police officers on our streets tackling antisocial behaviour.
In my constituency, that means almost 2,500 extra hours of police patrols in Padiham.
It will have a major impact, but we can do more.
Can I ask the Home Secretary whether the safer streets fund will have another round so that we can make physical changes, as well as getting more officers on the streets?
I am delighted with the progress being made to tackle antisocial behaviour in Burnley and Padiham.
As my hon.
Friend will know, we have allocated almost £1 million to roll out pilots of ASB hotspot response in 2023-24.
A new round of safer streets will be announced soon.
I take this opportunity to thank Lancashire police, which has launched an ASB problem-solving unit.
It ran Operation Propulsion, which involved more officers patrolling locations dealing with motor nuisance and boy racers, and it has had a real good  crackdown on residential burglary thanks to Operation Defender.
Neighbourhood crime has fallen by 26% in Lancashire.
Tribute must be paid to Chief Constable Chris Rowley and the police and crime commissioner, Andrew Snowden.
Given the exchanges earlier, I am obliged to ask the Home Secretary whether she understands the difference between using a cruise ship for the temporary accommodation of Ukrainian refugees, with a shared language and experience, and who have the right to work and are being actively relocated in the community, and using it essentially as a prison ship for the indefinite long-term detention of asylum seekers, who have no right to leave, no right to work, no right to benefits and no recourse to public funds.
Does the Department appreciate the difference?
I am disappointed by the hon.
Gentleman’s remarks.
He knows perfectly well that the proposition was not a prison ship.
This is a ship that will be used in exactly the same way as the SNP Government did in Scotland, and in exactly the same way as the Belgian and the Dutch Governments are doing in their respective areas.
If I may say, in Edinburgh today, there are 37 asylum seekers.
That is disgraceful.
If the SNP cared about this issue, it would step up, support asylum seekers and back our Bill.
People in Southend West want to see a tough, but just policy on illegal immigration that stops people unfairly jumping the queue, that stops evil people smugglers and above all stops vulnerable people drowning in the channel.
Will my right hon.
Friend therefore agree that we must continue to send a strong signal that it is this Government —not unelected lawyers or criminal gangs—who will decide who comes to this country?
At the core of this question is: who decides who comes to this country?
Is it for the Government and Parliament, or is it for people smugglers and human traffickers?
Those of us on the Government Benches know exactly which side of the debate we are on; we want to stop the boats, and we want to secure our borders.
The family of my constituent who fled Sudan have been stuck in Egypt for more than two months awaiting a spousal visa.
Four of the group of five have UK passports.