Those of us on the Government Benches know exactly which side of the debate we are on; we want to stop the boats, and we want to secure our borders.
The family of my constituent who fled Sudan have been stuck in Egypt for more than two months awaiting a spousal visa.
Four of the group of five have UK passports.
Can the Minister tell us how long he would expect people to be waiting in this kind of situation when they have suffered such distress and anxiety?
I would be happy to look into the case for the hon.
Gentleman, but I can say to him that we are processing applications in third countries within service standards.
We have closed the visa application centre in Khartoum for obvious reasons to protect the security of our staff and contractors, but we have teams in Egypt, Saudi Arabia and in other close countries who are there to support applicants, such as his constituents.
Given this morning’s U-turn by the Mayor of London on selling off Uxbridge police station, does the Minister believe that the Mayor should also act to save Barnet police station?
If he does not, the Mayor’s decision on Uxbridge looks like cynical political gameplaying and interference in a by-election.
I and many other Londoners were concerned when, I think in 2017, Sadiq Khan announced plans to close 37 police stations.
Thanks to the resolute campaigning of local councillor Steve Tuckwell in Hillingdon, Sadiq Khan has executed a last-minute handbrake U-turn under pressure, which I am sure is entirely unconnected with the upcoming by-election.
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right that if Sadiq Khan is to have any credibility at all with Londoners—he currently has pretty much none—he should reverse not just that one police station closure plan but all his police station closure plans.
Using the maximum police precept on council tax, having to tap into half a million pounds of reserves and yet again relying on grant funding shows that the Bedfordshire police and crime commissioner has failed to secure the long-term funding that our force desperately needs.
Now he is off pursuing his personal ambitions as the next Tory candidate for Mid Beds.
The review of police funding is welcome, but when will the House see it?
Will it be before the summer recess?
I cannot set out a precise timeframe—it is being actively worked on—but I point out that Festus, the police and crime commissioner for Bedfordshire, is doing a fantastic job for the people of that county.
It is thanks to his active, energetic, persuasive and eloquent interventions that Bedfordshire has received these special grants.
Its base budget has also gone up by £6.1 million this year thanks to his fantastic work.
Last week, Nigel Farage publicised the cancellation of his bank account under the politically exposed persons regulation, but he is only the latest of a number of people to have had their lives wrecked by that regulation.
Recently, Lords in the other place tried to correct the policy, but with only partial success, because, I understand, of pushback from the Home Office and the security services.
Will the Minister explain why that is and what he will do about it?
I am delighted to be asked a question.
Yesterday, the Treasury and the Home Office came together and agreed various things that were announced in the House of Lords: the PEPs agreement.
Such a closure on political grounds, if that is indeed what has happened—after all, we have only the allegation of it at this point—should, therefore, be completely unacceptable.
PEPs is there to prevent the corrupt use of banking facilities by politicians in corrupt regimes.
It is not there to silence individuals who may hold views with which we may or may not agree.
I call the Chair of the Home Affairs Committee.