The Government do not have a position; they will consult openly and respond once we have replies to the consultation.
There were two recommendations that the hon.
Gentleman referred to that the Government did not feel were appropriate, for the reasons set out in the document, but the vast majority are being openly consulted on.
We have taken action on some of them already.
I thank him again for his campaigning on this issue, which I know the families are grateful for.
I recently visited Uxbridge police station to hear about the valuable work its officers do to serve my constituents as well as those in Uxbridge and South Ruislip.
When the Mayor announced its closure in 2017, Hillingdon Council offered to buy the site at market rate and provide a £500,000 revenue contribution and leaseback arrangement, so that those valuable services could continue to be available.
The Mayor said that that was completely impossible.
Other than the relentless campaigning of Hillingdon Conservatives and Councillor Steve Tuckwell, could my right hon.
Friend suggest any reason why the Mayor decided to keep it—
Order.
Mr Simmonds, I think you need an Adjournment debate, not a topical question.
See if you can pick the bones out of that, Minister.
I thank my hon.
Friend for his excellent question.
The answer is no, I cannot think of anything other than the campaigning by Councillor Steve Tuckwell and others, which forced the Mayor into a last-minute, self-interested, screeching U-turn.
I would like the Mayor to do a U-turn on all the other police stations he is threatening with closure.
You are going to be here a while yet.
Is the Home Secretary concerned by recent revelations about the investigation into the Stephen Lawrence murder and what happened in the Brink’s-Mat aftermath?
Is she concerned about some of the out-of-work organisations that our police belong to?
The recent reports on the Stephen Lawrence case are an operational matter for the police, which I cannot get involved in, nor should I. That is a judgment for the police on operational and casework decisions, within which we do not interfere.
We have a good track record on the Met turning around performance.
Mark Rowley’s turnaround plan and leadership efforts to restore confidence and rebuild trust with London are working.
We need to back him to get the best results possible in London.
There is a tweet going around regarding a man who identifies as a trans woman.
The tweet reads that the trans-identified man who
“appeared in an @itvnews report about ‘mothers’ has posted an image ‘breastfeeding’ a baby.
Do you think it’s ok to mock women like this?”
I think that is a valid question, but I am also extremely concerned for the welfare of the child.
Will the Home Secretary’s Department look into that for me, please?
While we respect all the rights of those in the trans community, it is clear that biological men cannot breastfeed.
It is remarkable that we are in a position where the Labour party leader cannot define a woman.
I think he said something like 99.9% of women do not have a penis.
On that basis, we cannot rule him out from running to be Labour’s first female Prime Minister.
My constituent Sarah has been waiting more than six months for a biometric resident’s permit, during which time she cannot work, access free healthcare or leave the country.
Will someone do something to get her the status she deserves, so that she can go on with her life?
I would be happy to look into the case for the hon.
Gentleman.
The number of foreign national offenders eligible for deportation has now reached a record almost 12,000.
Almost 4,000 of those left prison more than five years ago and even those volunteering for deportation are still here.