PEPs is there to prevent the corrupt use of banking facilities by politicians in corrupt regimes.
It is not there to silence individuals who may hold views with which we may or may not agree.
I call the Chair of the Home Affairs Committee.
In the chief inspector of borders and immigration’s latest report on the Home Office system to remove foreign national offenders, he said
“the Home Office does not have a firm grip on its caseworking operations”,
and
“This is no way to run a government department.”
He also said
“I found the Home Office’s inability to provide reliable or consistent data and management information of particular concern.”
Given that, will the Minister explain how the Department will cope with the increase in casework, detention and removals planned under the Illegal Immigration (Offences) Bill?
We take that report, as we do all others, very seriously.
The right hon.
Lady is right to say that there are lessons to be learned.
However, returns are increasing as a result of deals such as the one we have done with Albania, as a result of reforms such as those we have made to the national referral mechanism and as a result of the 50% increase in illegal working visits that we have secured this year alone.
Despite repeated assurances from the Dispatch Box and it being nearly eight months since I first raised the issue with the Minister, the Home Office continues to operate two wholly inappropriate accommodation centres in my constituency, putting an unbearable strain on public services.
Will my right hon.
Friend expedite a clear timetable to close the centres permanently and restore the hotels to their intended purposes?
My hon.
Friend and I have discussed this on many occasions.
She has doggedly campaigned for the closure of these centres as well as supported the steps that we are taking as a Government to stop the boats in the first place.
I will be happy to have further conversations with her, but she has my assurance that we are working as fast as possible to clear all hotels, including those in her constituency.
Last week, the Government rejected a number of recommendations from the inquest into the tragic mass shooting in Plymouth in 2021, which has caused serious concern among some of the families of the victims.
Will the Minister explain why he rejected the coroner’s recommendations and whether all those on which he is consulting will be implemented by the end of this calendar year?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for our meeting with the families a few weeks ago.
As I said to him on the phone last week, whenever he and the families are ready to have further discussions with Home Office officials, they will be ready.
The timing of that will be guided by the hon.
Gentleman.
On the substance of the Government’s reply, we have committed to doing some things straight away.
For example, the National Police Chiefs’ Council has been funded to set up an accredited training programme for firearms officers—that was one of the recommendations.
In due course that will become mandatory.
The inspectorate will conduct a thematic inspection of all firearms licensing next year.
As I said to the House a few months ago, I asked it specifically to reinspect Devon and Cornwall’s firearms licensing.
It is doing that and it should report back by the end of July.
The vast majority of the recommendations made by the coroner, the Independent Office for Police Conduct and the Scottish Affairs Committee in connection with the Isle of Skye shooting are being openly and neutrally consulted on.
The Government do not have a position; they will consult openly and respond once we have replies to the consultation.
There were two recommendations that the hon.
Gentleman referred to that the Government did not feel were appropriate, for the reasons set out in the document, but the vast majority are being openly consulted on.