Gentleman.
The number of foreign national offenders eligible for deportation has now reached a record almost 12,000.
Almost 4,000 of those left prison more than five years ago and even those volunteering for deportation are still here.
Will the Minister get a grip on the deportation department within the Home Office and make sure those people are chucked out of our country?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
We want those individuals to leave the country as swiftly as possible.
The published figures show that FNO returns increased following the pandemic—by 14% in the latest 12-month period ending December 2022 compared with the previous 12-month period—but, quite clearly, there is more work to be done.
Liverpool is a city of sanctuary.
Currently, we have 237 Afghan families who have been languishing in a hotel for two years.
The council must rehouse the families by  11 August .
Can the Minister say what will happen if we are unable to find suitable accommodation?
Will they be made homeless and thrown out on the street?
The Minister for Veterans’ Affairs, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Plymouth, Moor View (Johnny Mercer)  and I launched a programme that provides significant support to councils like Liverpool to help individuals find alternative accommodation.
That might be in the private rental sector or it might be in social housing, but I think we can all agree on the principle that it is not right for individuals or families to live in hotel accommodation for over two years.
We need to help those people out of the hotels this summer.
The Immigration Minister’s earlier claim will come as news to the Labour and Conservative coalition which runs North Lanarkshire Council and a surprise to a director of Mears who confirmed to me that North Lanarkshire Council houses not just asylum seekers but refugees.
The Immigration Minister has now given factually wrong information to this House three times.
When will he apologise to the House, and will he come back to it to give proper information?
I do not think I have given factually wrong information.
They may not be the facts the hon.
Gentleman wants to hear, but they are the facts.
I did  not mention North Lanarkshire, but there are six asylum seekers there.
I think the hon.
Gentleman would agree that there is more to be done.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Chancellor of the Exchequer if he will make a statement on road fuel prices.
From rural hamlets to coastal communities, it is a properly functioning market that ensures fair prices for motorists, but for that market to function customers need transparent data to find the best price.
On that basis, when we saw fuel prices rising last summer we asked the Competition and Markets Authority to investigate whether the market was working for customers as it should.
Today, the CMA published its final market study report and I am shocked by its findings: rising fuel retail margins, and clear evidence of a rocket upwards and a feather downwards in the pricing pattern for diesel.
It is completely unacceptable that consumers have been paying more.
The financial impact of the 6p per litre increase, just in the fuel margin, from 2019 to 2022, cost customers of the four supermarket fuel retailers £900 million last year alone.
Asda’s fuel margin target was three times higher for this year than in 2019 and Morrisons doubled over the same period.
It is wrong that in a cost of living crisis drivers do not get a fair deal on fuel and end up being overcharged.
Motorists should not be used as cash cows by the fuel industry.
The Government will not stand for it and I know this House will not stand for it.
Therefore, we accept the CMA’s recommendations in full.
We will create a statutory open data scheme for retail fuel prices and an ongoing road fuel prices monitoring function for the UK market.