I expect all the Back Benchers to be able to get their questions in today.
This is about everybody having the same opportunity to get involved, so please do not do that again.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
We all know that only the Conservative party and this Prime Minister have a serious plan to stop the boats and stop illegal migration, and that Labour stands for only one thing: open borders and unlimited migration.
Labour Members would rather spend their time campaigning to block the deportation of foreign criminals than back our Illegal Migration Bill.
They are on the side of the criminal gangs, not on the side of the British people.
Whether her Department has had recent discussions with the industrial hemp industry on licensing.
The hon.
Gentleman will recall that the two of us met just a few weeks ago, on  17 May , together with industry representatives, to discuss hemp licensing.
I thank him for taking the time and trouble to organise that meeting.
As he knows, there is a light-touch process for licensing industrial hemp.
Since 2013, the number of hemp licences has increased from six to 134.
I recollect the conversation well.
We have an opportunity within the UK to grow hemp on an industrial scale and so feed many growing industries that use hemp to produce environmentally friendly products.
The growth of these industries has been hampered by overly complicated regulations and a poor application process.
Meanwhile, foreign companies are racing ahead in this arena.
To protect UK farmers and encourage UK industry, will the Minister consider giving the licensing process over to the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs and making the process farmer friendly?
It is, of course, important to make sure that UK industry can compete globally, and a light-touch regulatory framework is important in that.
We should be aware that some parts of the plant contain high levels of THC—tetrahydrocannabinol—and do need regulation, which is the Home Office’s concern.
I will be meeting DEFRA colleagues in the near future to make sure that our approach to regulation is as light-touch as possible, because, like him, I want to see our domestic industry flourish and I do not want any excessive regulation.
What recent progress her Department has made on reviewing the police funding formula.
The Government have said they will be reviewing the police funding formula, and I hope to have news for the House in the relatively near future about initiating the consultation process.
The formula is quite out of date and it needs overhauling, and we are working on that.
The record number of 1,455 police officers in Bedfordshire and the recent £6 million special grant are both very welcome indeed, but does the Minister recognise that it is simply not fair or right to go on funding a force with a series of one-off special grants that really need to be part of core funding?
My hon.
Friend makes a good point.
I should take this opportunity to pay tribute to the Bedfordshire police and crime commissioner, Festus Akinbusoye, who has done a fantastic job for the people of Bedfordshire.
He advocated for more funding via the special grant and was successful.
He is a great representative for the people of Bedfordshire and I am pleased that he has delivered record police numbers in Bedfordshire, just as the Government have delivered record numbers of police across the whole of England and Wales.
I call the shadow Minister.
The chief constable of West Yorkshire police, John Robins QPM, recently told the BBC that his force does not have the resources that it needs to deliver the service that the public expect.
Cutting through the spin, he said that the force was down 2,000 staff and £140 million since 2010.
He said his force could deal with major incidents and crimes, but only at a cost to neighbourhood policing.