Therefore, what explanation can the Home Secretary provide for halving the number of police community support officers over the past 13 years?
The hon.
Gentleman and I represent constituencies that are served by the same police force, and I am really proud of the track record in Hampshire.
I am really proud of how the new chief constable, Scott Chilton, has assumed his role, with a real focus on back-to-basics policing; I am really proud of how the Conservative police and crime commissioner, Donna Jones, has led initiatives so that every community in Hampshire will have named, dedicated police officers and PCSOs serving them, bolstering neighbourhood policing and building confidence; and I am really proud of the fact that Hampshire has seen a 15% fall in neighbourhood crime since 2019—common-sense policing serving the community.
Does my right hon.
and learned Friend agree that some of the principal victims of antisocial behaviour are young people?
The Government are absolutely right to bring forward new measures to tackle antisocial behaviour to make our streets, parks and public spaces safer for the vast majority of young people who do not engage in those negative behaviours.
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely correct.
There is such a need for greater diversion and greater support for young people, so that they do not spend their time loitering in shopping centres, causing a nuisance in car parks or harassing members of the community.
That is why our antisocial behaviour action plan commits considerable funding—over £160 million of new funding—including for an increased police presence in ASB hotspot areas and to support the roll-out of diversionary resources to support young people so that they do not fall into crime and antisocial behaviour.
Youth zones are exceptional, especially the Chorley Inspire one.
Yet again, in Ilkley and Marley in my constituency, Travellers have set up camp, caused damage and intimidated residents, which just last weekend resulted in Ilkley pool having to close temporarily.
When they have gone, they leave a complete mess, which all has to be cleaned up at taxpayers’ expense.
Will the Home Secretary meet me to discuss what additional support West Yorkshire police and our local council can get to address this ongoing issue?
My hon.
Friend raises a really important point about illegal encampments and Travellers who blight communities by causing a nuisance and who, in some cases, threaten communities—it is unacceptable behaviour.
That is why we legislated in the Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 to toughen up the powers and measures available to the police, so that they can take more robust steps in relation to this issue, but I am very happy to speak to my hon.
Friend about what more can be done locally.
What recent progress her Department has made on reducing the use of hotels as contingency asylum accommodation.
What recent progress her Department has made on reducing the use of hotels as contingency asylum accommodation.
The Home Office seeks to end the use of hotels and to move asylum seekers to less expensive, more suitable accommodation.
To support that, we are bringing into use large, disused military sites and vessels, which will provide adequate, safe, secure, non-detained accommodation for asylum seekers and also reduce the pull factor to the United Kingdom.
I recently received an email from the Home Office that said that the use of hotels to house asylum seekers is “inappropriate”, and that reliance on them must be reduced.
In the same email, the Home Office informed me that it planned to increase the use of hotel accommodation for asylum seekers in my constituency of Erdington by 159%—the single biggest increase in the whole of Birmingham.
How on earth can the Minister expect the country to trust him when he cannot even keep his policies consistent within the same email?