Migration is a very complex issue, and of course we have to balance the needs of the labour market.
That is why we are very pleased to support well-crafted youth mobility schemes.
There is one with India, and I have just come back from New Zealand, where we have expanded our youth mobility scheme.
They are great schemes that allow the exchange of young people, who can come here to serve and work in our economy.
It is very clear that the issue of migration must be settled and sorted out.
At the same time, it is important to note that those who have come from eastern Europe, the middle east and Africa are contributing to the economy of my Strangford constituency.
I think the Secretary of State is committed to ensuring that continues, but what discussions has she had with the Northern Ireland Assembly to ensure that we continue to have the workers we need?
No single measure can control net migration, but as the Prime Minister has been clear, net migration is too high.
That is why I recently announced a series of measures aimed at reducing the number of student dependants, which has risen exponentially over the past few years, and ensuring that students come here in a more proportionate and balanced way.
I call the shadow Home Secretary.
Will the Home Secretary wish the deputy chairman of the Conservative party,  the hon.
Member for Ashfield (Lee Anderson) , a speedy recovery from the terrible bug that I understand has, this morning, prevented him from launching an entirely different Conservative immigration policy from the policy of the Conservative Home Secretary?
Does she agree with him that social care visas should be cancelled—yes or no?
The sorry fact of the matter is that Labour wants open borders and unlimited migration.
There is a malaise descending upon the Labour party, and it does not even know what it thinks.
Labour’s Sadiq Khan has said that he wants more migration.
Labour’s party chairman has confirmed that numbers could rise under a Labour Government.
When the shadow Home Secretary was asked whether she wanted net migration to rise or fall, she, in the characteristic style we have come to know and love, could not even answer the question.
That is what we always get with Labour—
Order.
May I just say that you have no responsibility for the Labour party and, in fairness, this is Home Office questions?
The Home Secretary could not answer the question: does she support her own social care visas or not?
She spent all weekend briefing that she agrees with her Back Benchers, but today she cannot even answer the basic question.
Making up stuff about the Labour party will not help her when her party has been in power for 13 years and when work visas have doubled, exactly because the Government have failed to tackle skills shortages or issues in the labour market.
This is total chaos.
We have a Rwanda policy that is not removing anyone; an impact assessment that says her policies will not work and will cost much more; a 50% drop in removals of foreign criminals—the inspector says this is because the Home Office cannot even identify who can be removed; a record number of people in hotels; a record high asylum backlog; and Back Benchers writing the Home Secretary’s immigration policy because they do not think she is up to the job.
It has been a humiliating few weeks for the Home Secretary—
Order.
Sorry, but you are not going to take advantage of me in that way—that is totally unfair.
I cannot pull one side up and allow the other to take advantage of it.
I expect all the Back Benchers to be able to get their questions in today.
This is about everybody having the same opportunity to get involved, so please do not do that again.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.