Those who want more hotels would oppose it.
The Labour party’s policy will see more hotels, and the shadow Home Secretary will end up with more hotels to her name than Paris Hilton.
I do not know how to follow that, Mr Speaker.
All Members would like to see a reduction in the number of hotels used for asylum accommodation—I am sure that is true—but will the Minister spend a moment to congratulate the community of Sharnbrook, and in particular Rev. Paolo Di Leo and Councillor Doug McMurdo, on providing a welcoming environment for people who are put in such accommodation?
I think there are signs across the country that communities do come together in these difficult circumstances to achieve an outcome that is beneficial for everyone.
I would be very happy to put on record my view of the good work being done by my hon.
Friend’s constituents.
He is right to say that there are voluntary and community groups, charities and churches right across the country that support asylum seekers while they are in this form of accommodation, and we and our providers facilitate that wherever possible.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
I am going to make a short topical statement.
The information that Meta and other tech companies give to UK law enforcement helps to protect around 1,200 children and leads to over 100 arrests of suspected child abusers every month.
However, Meta plans to roll out end-to-end encryption soon, without safeguards, and it will no longer proactively detect and alert authorities to child grooming and abuse material on Facebook, Messenger and Instagram Direct.
This will be a huge boon to anyone who wants to hurt a child.
The Online Safety Bill will hold tech firms to account, but indifference to abuse is intolerable.
I have written to Mark Zuckerberg—together with my right hon.
Friend the Minister for Security,  the right hon.
Member for Tonbridge and Malling (Tom Tugendhat) , children’s charities and campaign groups—to outline our profound concerns.
Last week, I was in New Zealand at the Five Eyes security conference where there was widespread support for working together to ensure that social media companies put child safety first.
Following recent knife crime incidents in my constituency and in the Medway towns, will my right hon.
Friend meet me and our Kent police and crime commissioner, Matthew Scott, to discuss funding and how the Home Office can further support Kent police with the increased challenges we are facing in Kent due to our proximity to London?
I very much appreciate the particular challenges in Kent relating to knife crime.
That is why I am glad that since 2019, Kent has received £5.5 million in core violence reduction unit grant funding, and £730,000  in additional support for targeted youth interventions.
I have met the police and crime commissioner, and Chief Constable Tim Smith.
They are both excellent at leading their forces, and there is now a record number of police officers in Kent.
I am sure the Minister for Crime, Policing and Fire, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Croydon South (Chris Philp) , will meet my right hon.
Friend to discuss that issue.
We have made a lot of progress, but we can do better.
I call the shadow Home Secretary.
The Home Secretary will be aware of the documentary last week on the relationship between Boris Johnson and others, and former KGB officer Alexander Lebedev, and about the meeting in an Italian villa, the ignoring of security advice on Lords appointments, and the decision not to sanction Alexander Lebedev.
Given the importance of national security, will she tell the House whether she has any concerns about those reports?
Will she set up an independent investigation into what happened, into who knew what, and into how far the security risk spreads?
At the Home Office, the Minister for Security and I take seriously the threats posed by hostile state actors.