Given the importance of national security, will she tell the House whether she has any concerns about those reports?
Will she set up an independent investigation into what happened, into who knew what, and into how far the security risk spreads?
At the Home Office, the Minister for Security and I take seriously the threats posed by hostile state actors.
That is why the Minister for Security is chairing the Defending Democracy Taskforce, bringing together agencies and Departments in a cross-Whitehall approach to tackling the serious threats that we all face as parliamentarians and facing those in public office.
I gently remind the right hon.
Lady that one of her own parliamentary colleagues has a very dubious track record when it comes to working with the Chinese Communist party.
What steps is my right hon.
Friend taking to ensure that police funding reflects rurality and the huge uplift in population experienced in remote coastal locations during the summer tourist season?
As I said in response to an earlier question, the Government intend to consult in due course on a new police funding formula, and part of that consultation will involve looking at the factors that should be taken into account.
Those might include things such as population and crime levels, but things such as rurality, sparsity and seasonality, particularly seasonal tourism, are likely to form part of the new formula.
I encourage Members across the House to engage closely with that consultation when it comes forward, to ensure that those factors are properly accounted for.
I refer Members to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
In recent weeks, the media have carried stories of patients who were receiving medical cannabis on private prescriptions, and who are now having their prescriptions paid for by the NHS.
On the surface that is a great leap forward, but parents of children with intractable epilepsy who have been asking for such things for years are still being ignored.
Will the Home Office consider reopening the 2018 licensing scheme to enable those children who are already being privately prescribed medical cannabis to have access to it via their NHS GP?
Many cannabis base compounds were moved wholesale to schedule 2 a few years ago, enabling them to be prescribed.
The question that the hon.
Gentleman asked about NHS prescription is perfectly reasonable and fair, but prescriptions on the NHS are a matter for the Department of Health and Social Care and for the NHS, including the NHS in Scotland.
I would be happy to pass on his inquiry to them.
May I assure my right hon.
Friend the Home Secretary that the majority of my constituents in Sittingbourne and Sheppey understand that sending illegal migrants to Rwanda for processing is key to stopping small-boat crossings in the channel?
Will she assure them that despite concerted opposition from the Labour party, she will deliver her plan?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for that question.
We are disappointed by the judgment of the Court of Appeal, but we are determined to follow through.
He is right to say that we have to add deterrence to the system, as it is only by breaking the business model of the people smugglers that we will stop the boats.
My constituents want community policing.
Kim McGuinness, the police and crime commissioner for Northumbria, has put in place a redeployment programme to get an extra 134 officers into neighbourhoods, but that will not make up for the 1,100 officers and the £148 million that we have lost due to budget cuts.
And before the Minister mentions “plans”, that will still leave us 400 officers short.
Why have the Tories failed so badly to get police officers on to the beat?
As I mentioned in earlier answers, across England and Wales we now have record police numbers of 149,572.