At this point last year, 30% of those arriving on small boats were coming from Albania; today, it is less than 2%.
That arrangement is clearly making good progress.
None the less, my right hon.
Friend makes an important point: those who suggest that we can simply grant our way out of this problem are, I am afraid, hopelessly naive.
The idea that the individuals coming across on small boats will, in most cases, make a significant net contribution to our economy is wrong.
The costs to the taxpayer are very significant.
The ongoing costs of education, access to welfare and community cohesion are very significant, which is why we need to stop the boats in the first place.
I call the shadow Minister.
The Government’s destruction of their own asylum system can best be described as an act of arson and their plans to fix it are utterly farcical.
They have sent more Home Secretaries than asylum seekers to Rwanda.
They sent the Prime Minister on a victory lap in Dover, apparently failing to notice that the weather improves over the summer and the boat numbers increase.
And they were in such a flap about losing votes on their bigger backlog Bill that they resorted to dragging Lord Lebedev of Siberia into the Division Lobby.
Now the Court of Appeal ruling has revealed that Rwanda is able to process only 100 claims per year—around 0.3% of those who arrived on small boats last year.
Can the Minister tell me what he is planning to do with the remaining 99.7%, and does he therefore agree that the prospect of the Rwanda plan actually deterring any migrant from crossing the channel is close to zero?
I used to say that the Labour party does not have a plan, but the truth is that it does have a plan, but it is a plan that would make things significantly worse.
It is a plan that would ensure more granting of cases; more safe and legal routes, so even more individuals would come here; more hotels; and more cost to the British taxpayer.
What is so disgraceful is the level of hypocrisy.
We only have to look at the record of Welsh Labour to see that.
In Wales, the Welsh Minister for Social Justice declared on 15 occasions in the Senedd that Labour-run Wales was “a nation of sanctuary”, but across the same period, Labour-run Wales accommodated 176 fewer asylum seekers.
In fact, the latest published data shows that Labour-run Wales has taken just half the number of people that it should per capita.
Whether she has had recent discussions with the devolved Administrations on the Illegal Migration Bill.
I have engaged regularly with the devolved Administrations on the Illegal Migration Bill since its introduction in March, in addition to my periodic meetings with my ministerial counterparts on a variety of immigration issues.
Most recently, I met the Scottish Minister for Equalities, Migration and Refugees in May.
Looking ahead, the Bill is on the agenda for the inter-ministerial  group for safety, security and migration, which my right hon.
and learned Friend the Home Secretary will chair later this month.
The Bill will place restrictions on the powers of Scottish Ministers, removing the entitlement for victims of human trafficking and exploitation to access Scottish Government-funded support services, and will undermine the Scottish Government’s ability to deliver on their trafficking and exploitation strategy.
We know what route the Government’s damaging ideology is dragging them down, but why should Scotland’s elected Parliament and the devolved Administrations be dragged down the same route, when it is abundantly clear that we want no part of the hostile environment ideology?
If the Scottish Government cared so deeply about this issue, they would accommodate more asylum seekers.
The SNP Government are accommodating just 4.5% of the total asylum population being accommodated in the UK, when Scotland makes up 8.1% of the UK population.