I thank the Minister for his reply.
Some young people who are arrested because they are guilty of antisocial behaviour, or so-called low-level crime, are released without charge because there is a reluctance to criminalise them.
Too often, those youngsters go on to commit further multiple crimes, and are arrested and released without charge each time.
What steps will my right hon.
Friend take to end this roundabout of unpunished crime and ensure that young people who repeatedly break the law are not released without charge but are treated as what they are—criminals?
We want to see tougher action on things such as antisocial behaviour and public drug use; we should have zero tolerance for any of those things.
As part of the ASB strategy we are launching instant justice, whereby people who perpetrate acts of antisocial behaviour will rapidly—ideally within 48 hours—be made to do clean-ups and those kinds of things in their local area, to pay back visibly, publicly, rapidly and with enforcement.
We are trialling that in 10 police force areas, starting this month, and it will be rolled out to every police force in the country, with funding, by April next year.
I completely agree with everything my hon.
Friend said.
The Minister may not be aware that I was chair of the cross-party Youth Violence Commission.
We published an interim report in 2018 and a final one in 2020.
Our first recommendation was for the Government to adopt a public health approach to tackling violence through regional violence reduction units and long-term strategies.
What action is the Minister taking to ensure that violence reduction units have the long-term funding that they need to achieve the best possible outcomes?
I agree with the approach that the hon.
Lady sets out, and we have already taken action.
She asks about long-term plans.
She will be aware that the Youth Endowment Fund of £210 million is a 10-year programme, and that violence reduction units—called violence reduction partnerships in some places—have so far received £170 million, and receive funding each and every year, including an allocation this year.
The kinds of things that we find work include diversionary activities for young people.
In fact, when I asked the chief executive of the YEF what the most effective intervention is, he said that it was cognitive behavioural therapy, which gets used as well.
I repeat one statistic that I mentioned earlier: since 2010, violence is down by 41% and criminal damage by 68%.
A report today found that nearly half of women who experienced or witnessed a crime in the past year chose not to report it because they did not believe that the police would treat it seriously.
His Majesty’s inspector, in his latest state of policing report, said that the police were experiencing one of their biggest crises in living memory, there were widespread systematic failings and they were simply not getting the basics right.
Having pushed our British model of policing by consent to the very brink, do the Government take responsibility, do they agree with the inspector that substantial reform is essential, and will they back Labour’s plans to restore neighbourhood policing, halve serious violence and raise confidence in every force—or is the Minister happy to keep twiddling his thumbs while the criminals get away with it?
I must say, in the gentlest terms, that my constituency neighbour has a bit of cheek to talk about reducing crime, given that according to the crime survey, crime levels under the last Labour Government were around double what they are today. [
Interruption.]
She shakes her head, but that is from the Office for National Statistics, and it is the only statistically recognised long-term measure of crime.
If she does not like the ONS figures, she can go and argue with it.
She might not like them, but those are the figures.
In relation to the hon.