Lady is right to highlight the cost of living crisis and the level of taxes.
That, of course, is why her party getting into power would be such a disaster for ordinary consumers and motorists throughout the country.
We have come through the pandemic and made sure we have kept the country afloat; for instance, the Government supported paying nearly half of everyone’s energy bills through the last winter.
A Labour Government would be a threat to markets such as this, which we need to function properly, not in the way they would under Labour.
As for why this has taken so long, the hon.
Lady ought to know, having seen the disaster of her £28 billion energy borrowing package, which dematerialised: it was a great announcement, but it did not survive contact with reality.
rose—
Order.
I think we need to help the Minister.
The subject of the urgent question is road fuel prices and I think we should stick to that.
I call the Chair of the Treasury Committee.
When the Chancellor announced that he was cutting fuel duty by 5p a litre, which cost the Exchequer billions of pounds, little did he expect that, as outlined so persuasively today by the CMA, it would feed through immediately into the profits of fuel retailers—although cynical British motorists may not be surprised, because they observed it themselves on a day-to-day basis.
I welcome the steps that the Minister has announced, and urge him to act with greater speed in implementing them, but is he as surprised as I am that he has been asked this urgent question by the Liberal Democrats, who voted at their conference to hike fuel duty sharply?
I would like to say I was shocked or surprised, but I am not because—as everyone in the House knows, except the tiny number who sit on the Liberal Democrat Bench—hypocrisy is their main method of behaviour.
The initial Government cut in fuel duty of 5p per litre represented savings for consumers worth about £2.4 billion.
We on the Conservative Benches are on the side of the motorist.
We are going to make sure that the market works and motorists are properly served by it.
I call the Scottish National party spokesperson.
The Minister says he will not stand for motorists’ being ripped off, but that is exactly what Ministers have done.
The Government have been complacent the whole time, following the 5p fuel duty cut.
Why has it taken the CMA so long to establish that motorists are being gouged by 6p per litre compared with 2019?
It reported that diesel prices are an astonishing 13p per litre higher this year alone than they should have been.
That is symptomatic of the “cost of greed” crisis.
Asda received a fine for not complying with the CMA investigation.
That shows an astonishing level of arrogance on the part of supermarkets that are ripping off their own customers.
It is estimated that we are paying nearly £l billion a year in additional fuel costs due to the lack of competition.
How does imposing an initial fine of £30,000 on Asda work as a deterrent when it is making so much money?
I am all for an open data fuel finder scheme, but really, is that it?
I already use an app to shop around for cheaper fuel prices, so this open data will not necessarily bring competition in all areas of the UK, and reliance on an app obviously will not help those who are digitally excluded.
What are the Government’s actual plans to ensure competition and reduced fuel prices, especially at motorway service stations, which are between 20p to 30p per litre more expensive?
When will we see these fuel prices come down?
That is the closest I have ever seen the hon.
Gentleman come to welcoming a Government response, so I shall take that with me.