He will understand that rural fuel duty relief is a matter for the Chancellor and that what we need is a properly functioning market.
That is why we are implementing the findings of the CMA in full and putting in place an interim regime, starting next month.
I call the Chair of the Transport Committee.
Towards the end of last year, the local radio station in Milton Keynes, MKFM, published research showing that, although there was considerable competition in Milton Keynes, petrol and diesel prices were substantially higher across the board than those in equivalent urban areas.
I very much welcome the proposal for a real-time fuel price comparator, but will my right hon.
Friend assure me that the Government will keep an eye on price differentials between different urban areas and intervene if necessary?
As ever, my hon.
Friend champions his constituency in this House.
I completely agree.
That is why the monitoring function is so important in tandem with transparency.
We have to make sure that people can see the prices.
We know that consumers are prepared to travel but, if they do not know that there is a cheaper price available 2 or 3 miles down the road, they will not access it.
That is something that we aim to put right.
I call the shadow Minister.
People across Britain are facing the highest mortgage costs in Europe, the highest inflation among advanced economies, and the highest tax burden in 70 years.
They are paying the price for 13 years of Conservative failure.
In that context, it is more important than ever for the Competition and Markets Authority to do all it can to help to bring down prices.
Effective competition in the interests of consumers must be at the heart of our economy.
That is why we firmly support the CMA’s proposals to help to bring down the cost of fuel.
‘Filling up the tank at supermarkets is an essential part of everyday life for families and small businesses across the country, so the fact that the average annual supermarket margins on fuel increased by 6p per litre between 2019 and 2022 is deeply worrying.
I am pleased to see that the Secretary of State has accepted the recommendations from the CMA to stop retailers artificially inflating petrol prices during a cost of living crisis; as he says, transparency is very important.
However, given that the then Business Secretary wrote to fuel retailers and the CMA more than a year ago to highlight apparent unfairness in fuel prices, why has it taken so long for the Government to take action on this issue?
Motorists did not need a report to tell them that they were being fleeced by fuel retailers; they see it every time they fill up at the pump.
Why did the Government need to wait for the CMA to tell them what everyone else knew before they took action?
In Northern Ireland, the Consumer Council published a fuel price checker in September 2020, which has helped to keep fuel costs below those in England.
Why have the Government taken almost three years to agree to do the same in England?
Once again it is too little, too late from a Government, who have again sat on their hands.
I note what the Minister said about an interim voluntary scheme and about consulting as soon as possible, but can he give a clear indication of when the Government will introduce the change in the law that is needed to make this permanent?
The hon.
Lady is right to highlight the cost of living crisis and the level of taxes.
That, of course, is why her party getting into power would be such a disaster for ordinary consumers and motorists throughout the country.
We have come through the pandemic and made sure we have kept the country afloat; for instance, the Government supported paying nearly half of everyone’s energy bills through the last winter.