When will we see these fuel prices come down?
That is the closest I have ever seen the hon.
Gentleman come to welcoming a Government response, so I shall take that with me.
I do not mean to try your patience any more than I already do, Mr Speaker, but, as I said to  the hon.
Member for Bristol East (Kerry McCarthy) , whether it is major energy packages or shipbuilding, we find that doing the work first leads to better long-term outcomes.
Given corporation tax, carbon taxes, the windfall tax, fuel duties and VAT, is not the bulk of the price at the pump, and of other fuels, now tax-based?
Will my right hon.
Friend remind us of how much is tax and urge the Chancellor to reduce some of those taxes to cut the cost of living?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for championing the consumer, as he always does.
As he will be well aware, tax is a matter for the Chancellor, but the whole House will have heard his passionate call to make sure that taxes are held down to the lowest amount they possibly can be.
That is one more reason why we cannot have the Labour party taking control of the country.
In March, the RAC revealed that retailers are making a three times bigger margin on diesel than they were at the beginning of last year, and motorists are seeing absolutely no benefit from the Chancellor’s fuel duty cut.
Given the Government’s dither and delay on taking any sort of action, how does the Minister feel when the Government’s flagship policy to help motorists is having little to no impact?
We are furious that these price cuts have not been passed on to consumers.
That is why we asked the CMA to investigate and to get further into the detail, and it is why we will implement its findings in full.
As my right hon.
Friend is aware, I have been campaigning on the issue of fuel prices in west Berkshire for about a year and a half.
One thing that has been particularly disappointing is the fact that fuel prices in every single neighbouring constituency are 5% to 8% lower.
I wrote to the CMA and I am pretty disappointed to read its response today, which tells us a lot.
I welcome the introduction of a real-time fuel price comparator, but such a tool already exists, albeit in a slightly clunky form.
I draw the Minister’s attention to the fact that it is not enough just to tell people what the prices are at different pumps in their local area.
It must be transparent to consumers whether they are in a general area that has higher or lower prices, so that their MP can make representations on what the supermarkets may be doing in that area and the CMA can intervene properly.
My hon.
Friend has been assiduous and, as she has shown with her question, focused and detailed in trying to rectify a problem that the CMA has fully displayed today.
It is an unusual way round, but I would be happy to meet her to discuss the matter further to make sure we put in place all the right elements, so that this transparency genuinely gets through to the consumer.
There is no doubt that fuel costs are driving up inflation, especially in rural areas.
I think the fuel price checker has had a dampening effect in Northern Ireland because the supermarkets are always aware that that they are being looked on.
However, does the Minister accept that his Government also have a responsibility?
Net zero policies, with all their associated taxes—whether it is the emissions  trading scheme, green levies or fuel duties—drive up prices, too.
The Government have a role to play in reducing inflation as well as in transparency on supermarket prices.
The right hon.