I would not want to finish without mentioning that, as of  Monday 26 June , unleaded petrol is 143.43p per litre, and that has reduced, on average, by 47.5p from June last year, and diesel is 145.6p per litre, and that has reduced by 53.3p per litre on the previous year.
I will write to the hon.
Gentleman to make sure that I can properly inform him in answer to his question.
This report clearly shows that residents in Burnley and Padiham and our villages have been overcharged for their fuel for too long.
Does my right hon.
Friend think that the Competition and Markets Authority now needs to relook at the ownership changes at Asda?
As the Minister for Energy Security and Net Zero, that perhaps stretches slightly beyond my brief, but, as those on Treasury Bench will have heard my hon.
Friend’s question, I am sure that he will be able follow up with others who have direct responsibility.
I wish to thank the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care for coming to the Chamber to make his statement.
It is a pity that the Prime Minister did not do so on Friday when the world heard what he had to say before we did.
The Prime Minister is a Member of Parliament.
He is answerable to the Members of Parliament from all political parties.
I have to say that his behaviour was not acceptable.
He may be the Prime Minister, but the Members of Parliament should hear first.
I am very pleased that the Secretary of State is doing it the right way.
The Government note the comments that you have made from the Chair, Mr Speaker.
I would love them to take what I have said on board.
That is also noted, Mr Speaker.
May I, on behalf of the Government, note the passing of the former head of the civil service, Lord Kerslake?
He had a distinguished career in public service, including as chief executive of Sheffield Council and chair of King’s College Hospital NHS Foundation Trust, as well as being head of the civil service.
We send our condolences to his family and friends both in Whitehall and across the civil service.
With permission, Mr Speaker, I wish to make a statement on our long-term workforce plan for the NHS.
This week marks the 75th birthday of the NHS.
We should celebrate its achievements, its founding principles and its people.
From doctors and dentists to pharmacists and physios, NHS staff devote their lives to caring for others.
I am sure the whole House would agree that the NHS holds a special place in our country due to the care offered by the people who work for it.
It is said that, in 1948, the NHS had fewer than 150,000 staff and a budget of around £11 billion.
Today, the NHS employs closer to 1.4 million people with a budget of more than £160 billion.
The transformation of the care offered by the NHS through advances in medicine is reflected in the fact that people now live 13 years longer than on average in 1948.
Today, alongside the increase in the number of staff, the range of treatments and the improved patient outcomes, demand on the NHS has also increased.
People live longer, they live with more complex medical conditions, and we are also dealing with the challenges left behind by a once-in-a-generation pandemic.
One in four adults lives with two or more health conditions.
Although our population is forecast to grow by around 4% over the next 15 years, the number of those over 85 is forecast to grow by more than 50%.
In addressing the challenges both of today and of the longer term, it is right that we have a recovery plan focused on the immediate steps as we rebuild from the pandemic, and longer-term plans to ensure that the NHS is sustainable for the future.