The Government will not stand for it and I know this House will not stand for it.
Therefore, we accept the CMA’s recommendations in full.
We will create a statutory open data scheme for retail fuel prices and an ongoing road fuel prices monitoring function for the UK market.
We will consult on the design of the open data scheme and monitoring function as soon as possible this autumn, but that is not enough.
I have asked the CMA to have a voluntary scheme up and running by next month and I fully expect fuel retailers to share accurate, up-to-date road fuel prices.
The CMA will also continue to monitor fuel prices.
I demand that fuel retail bosses stop ripping off consumers, by making prices available so that the market can operate as it should.
Transparency is vital for competition and to keep prices down.
I am extremely grateful to the Minister for Energy Security and Net Zero and am delighted to see him, but I am disappointed not to see the Chancellor of the Exchequer.
I would have thought that this was something that he cared about.
The problem is that the Government have stood for this over the past year.
This morning, right under the Government’s nose, greedy petrol retailers imposed an additional cost of more than £900 million on people filling up their cars.
Retailers swiftly passed on price increases in the wholesale market to drivers, and the prices rocketed.
Yet when the wholesale prices dropped, prices were lowered only very slowly.
I think we could all see that for ourselves.
The RAC called this
“nothing short of astounding in a cost-of-living crisis”,
which confirmed that
“supermarkets haven’t been treating drivers fairly at the pumps”.
This affects not just the cost of driving.
Higher road fuel prices have a knock-on effect on inflation across the economy, pushing up prices in every sector of our country.
The CMA makes it clear that rural areas still face the highest prices.
Where supermarket pumps are fewer and further between, such as in Cumbria and Somerset, fuel retailers are likely to have costs that are higher still.
The CMA found that fuel prices in rural places, such as my own in Westmorland and Lonsdale and in Somerton and Frome, are on average 1.2p per litre higher than those in urban areas.
Of course, in rural communities with poor public transport links, people have no choice but to drive and the distances to travel are so much greater, affecting, in particular, people who work in the care sector.
Once again, rural communities feel taken for granted by this Government.
One solution should be to expand the 5p per litre fuel duty relief scheme to those many isolated parts of Cumbria that are not currently covered by it, so that families in Cumbria are not left at the mercy of the most expensive fuel prices.
Why did the Government fail to stop greedy retailers hitting families with an almost £1 billion excess fuel bill in the first place?
Will the Chancellor and the Prime Minister summon those company bosses to Downing Street and press them to return those unfair profits by lowering their prices?
Will the Government expand the rural fuel duty relief scheme to more areas, to support communities such as mine that are struggling with the highest petrol prices?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question.
He and the RAC are right to highlight the particular issue in rural communities such as those that he and, indeed, I represent, and the particular pressures on consumers there.
He will understand that rural fuel duty relief is a matter for the Chancellor and that what we need is a properly functioning market.
That is why we are implementing the findings of the CMA in full and putting in place an interim regime, starting next month.
I call the Chair of the Transport Committee.