In February, I wrote to all the major supermarkets that have outlets in Chesterfield asking them why they were retailing petrol for 10p more a litre there than they were selling it for just 10 miles up the road in Sheffield.
They were very transparent and honest about this, saying, “ It’s a market where we think we can make more money out of Chesterfield residents than we do out of Sheffield residents.
That’s why we charge you more.”
That is despite the fact that there is no additional cost to getting the fuel there.
Although I welcome the greater transparency, making it easier for consumers, what they will see in Chesterfield is that they are paying more than they would up the road in Sheffield.
Is there anything in what the Minister is announcing today that will empower people in Chesterfield to bring their prices down?
Transparency.
The good people of Bridport and Dorchester in West Dorset have had to pay up to 20p a litre more than those in towns not far away.
The Liberal Democrats have been silent about that throughout the entire duration, so it is somewhat hypocritical of them to bring this matter to the House today, particularly given that they voted to increase the price per litre.
Although I welcome what the CMA has had to say in its report today, it does not really deal with the issue we are seeing of rigorous yield management by supermarkets with their petrol prices.
That is not a matter of competition; that is where they believe they can get more money out of a particular group people or community.
I would be very pleased if the Minister would meet me to look at how we can take this forward and grasp that issue.
I would be delighted to do so.
Now that we know that competition on fuel prices has weakened in recent years and that that has led to inflated prices, particularly in my constituency where, despite a campaign for fair prices led by Stuart McMillan MSP, we have been paying over the odds for years, may I seek a guarantee that supermarket food prices are not following the same pattern?
Following this report, the CMA has decided to look into the supermarkets and will report back as soon as next month.
I thank the CMA for its report and the Government for accepting the recommendations, although I think we are putting too much faith in price transparency to solve the market problem.
I was interested to see in the trend profit margins for supermarket retailers and non-supermarket retailers that supermarkets are consistently increasing their margins while non-supermarket retailers are not.
Will the Minister follow up with retailers, in the light of this report, to make sure that we check that the margins come down next year and in the following year?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his typically penetrating question.
As I said, one of the recommendations is to maintain a monitoring function, which will help to give us the market intelligence so that if further intervention is required, we will have the data on which to base it.
Patchy public transport contributes to high costs for rural households, as many people have no choice but to use their cars for essential journeys.
Despite this, the rural fuel duty relief scheme does not apply to a single area in Wales.
Will the Minister commit to pressing the Treasury to reconsider the scheme to take into account access to local public transport networks, as well as providing a guarantee of inclusion for Welsh areas?
I thank the right hon.
Lady for her question and will ensure that His Majesty’s Treasury is aware of it.
The good people of Scunthorpe spotted this issue some time ago, so I thank my right hon.
Friend for his work on it and the measures he is recommending.