I will make sure that the Housing Minister has heard of the ongoing situation, and I will ask that she be given any advice that is available from officials about further avenues she can pursue to get redress for her constituents.
A few days ago, the Care Quality Commission found that more than two thirds of hospitals in London and more than half of hospitals in England offer substandard levels of care.
Will the Leader of the House make a statement expressing her alarm and concern about that shocking revelation?
Can she share with the House what she thinks has gone wrong?
That is a question that she might like to ask the Health Secretary at the next available questions.
I would ask her to look a little closer to home at life expectancy figures and at what is happening in her own constituency.
Broadmarsh in my constituency is one of the most significant city centre development sites in the UK, with the potential to bring up to 1,000 new homes and more than 6,000 extra jobs.
Nottingham City Council has already invested in a new bus station and big improvements to the public realm, and on Tuesday it will open the new central library.
However, for the third successive time, the Government have failed to provide any levelling-up money to support its regeneration.
Can we have a debate on this Government’s continued failure to back local authorities, which are facing high inflation, high interest rates and unprecedented levels of demand for social care, leaving so many teetering on the brink?
The hon.
Lady will know that we have provided additional funding for social care.
We have also been supporting both the care sector and the NHS to work more efficiently and effectively together.
I will  ensure that the Secretary of State has heard her concerns today, and she will know how to raise them with her directly.
My constituent Jess McNichols, who is receiving treatment for cancer at the Christie Hospital in Manchester, missed an important medical appointment due to the general disruption of Royal Mail services.
Her letter arrived late.
Could the Leader of the House counsel me on how best to raise this case further in this place?
This is becoming a consistent theme for hon.
Members on both sides of the House.
Services are not meeting Royal Mail’s performance targets and he has just illustrated that that can often have a pretty devastating impact, with missed appointments and knock-on effects for inefficiencies in other public services.
I have ensured that the relevant Department is aware of hon.
Members’ concerns.
I urge all hon.
Members to do their bit, particularly on the issue of industrial action, to ensure that there is no further disruption to mail services.
Today is Carers Rights Day, when we recognise that unpaid carers have rights too and need those rights strengthened.
Carers UK today published new research that shows thousands of people are having to give up work due to the stress of juggling paid work and unpaid care.
At this point, I would like to thank all carers across the Blaydon constituency who do so much, and Gateshead Carers Association and Carers Trust Tyne & Wear, who support them in that work.
May we have a debate in Government time on how we can better support our unpaid carers who do so much?
I thank the hon.
Lady for that question.
I think all hon.
Members across the House would echo what she has said: the huge debt we owe these individuals who step up and take responsibility, both for their immediate families and others.
We have, through the carers’ strategy, introduced a range of measures to support them.
I think  the hon.
Member for North East Fife (Wendy Chamberlain)  also assisted us in delivering a manifesto commitment on access to leave for carers.
There is always more we can do and if  the hon.