I am not going to take any lectures from the hon.
Lady about values, responsibility or performance in office.
This is why I will get up every week and stand up and fight against the slopey-shouldered separatism evidenced by the SNP.
Part of my constituency is fortunate still to be served by a daily newspaper, the Grimsby Telegraph.
The funeral of one of its most distinguished journalists, Peter Chapman, took place earlier this week, which caused me to reflect on the sadly declining role that local newspapers play in serving their community.
May we have a debate about the role of local newspapers and how they can help build the foundations of their local community?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this issue—he is a huge champion for his local paper.
As he knows, the pro-competition regime set out in the Digital Markets, Competition and Consumers Bill will help rebalance the relationship between the most powerful tech firms and those who rely on them, including press publishers, which will make an important contribution to the sustainability of the press.
The next Department for Culture, Media and Sport questions are not until the new year, so I will make sure that the Secretary of State has heard about his interest, and if he wishes to apply for a debate, I am sure it would be very well attended.
In North Norfolk in East Anglia, we have some of the most important areas for sugar beet in the entire country.
Does the Leader of the House think it is right for British Sugar to bypass the National Farmers Union, the beet growers’ sole representative in negotiations with the monopoly processor, while negotiations are ongoing to get farmers to sign up to a contract that the majority of them do not believe is in their best interests or reflects an adequate return for the sugar market?
I thank my hon.
Friend for all the work he is doing to support his farmers—I know it is a lot.
He is a consistent champion for their interests, and he is right to encourage them to stand firm.
I am pleased that NFU Sugar and British Sugar are resuming negotiations on next year’s sugar beet price, and I hope they can work together to agree a mutually acceptable deal as soon as possible for the benefit of both growers and processors.
My hon.
Friend may wish to raise this matter on  7 December  with the Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs.
I call the Chair of the Backbench Business Committee.
I am always very grateful, Mr Speaker—thank you very much.
Such a creep!
Well, you know.
I see from the Order Paper that the Committee of Selection has done its business, and hopefully the House will agree the membership of the Backbench Business Committee on Monday  night, which will mean that it will be able to meet on Tuesday afternoon.
I gather that the Committee Clerks already have a dozen applications to be heard on Tuesday afternoon, so we look forward to getting back to work.
We are also looking to the Leader of the House to award us a constant flow of time in which to air those debates, both here in the Chamber and in Westminster Hall.
Yesterday, we heard that benefits will be uprated from April and national insurance will be reduced from January, but overnight we also got news from Ofgem that it intends to raise the energy price cap by 5% from January.
An inordinate number of my constituents are already spending more on daily standing charges than they can afford to spend on heating their homes and feeding their families.