Lord Cameron’s appointment followed all the established processes for both peerages and ministerial appointments.
The ennoblement was approved by the House of Lords Appointments Commission in the usual way, and that included a check with His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs.
Details of the way in which HOLAC works with HMRC are published on gov.uk.
I want to ask about an angle of the matter mentioned by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Mitcham and Morden (Siobhain McDonagh) .
The Foreign Secretary received fulsome praise from the China Harbour Engineering Company for his role in promoting the Port City Colombo project in Sri Lanka.
Can the Minister tell the House who the ultimate client was when the Foreign Secretary received payment from KPMG Sri Lanka for his role in promoting that project?
Was it the Sri Lankan Government or the China Harbour Engineering Company, which is owned by the Chinese state?
That is a matter not for me but for the processes that I have set out, which have been complied with.
I believe that Lord Cameron has made some comments with respect to those matters.
What the responsibilities of the Ministers without Portfolio are.
What the responsibilities of the Ministers without Portfolio are.
Ministers without Portfolio contribute to the policy and decision-making process of a Government.
It is routine for the chair of the governing party to be made a Minister without Portfolio.
As such, they serve as a member of the Cabinet.
My role as a Cabinet Office Minister is to provide scrutiny and oversight across all Departments to ensure that we deliver best value for the public.
I welcome the right hon.
Lady back to the Front Bench.
If a Prime Minister needs to install a Minister for common sense, is that an admission that they do not really have any?
I have seen the reports in the paper describing me as the Minister of common sense.
I appreciate that the concept is difficult for Opposition Members to grasp.
I am committed to delivering common-sense decisions, such as delaying the ban on petrol and diesel cars, delaying the ban on oil and gas boilers, scrapping High Speed 2 from Birmingham to Manchester and reducing the overseas budget—all common-sense policies that those on the Opposition Benches have voted against.
Those on the Government Benches are full of common sense.
I am building on all those policies.
I welcome the Minister to her post.
If her Front Bench is full of common sense, which will she tackle first: a Home Secretary who thinks that Stockton North is a proverbial toilet; a Foreign Secretary who, during a critical time in geopolitics, is not even  accountable to this House; or a Transport Secretary whose Network North plan thinks that Manchester is in Preston?
First of all, I did not hear my right hon.
Friend the Home Secretary say the comments that the hon.
Member repeated; as far as I am aware, he has denied saying them.
As I said, I am building on the success of this Government.
Let me give another: the biggest permanent tax cuts in modern British history announced yesterday—cutting taxes, not like the Opposition, who want more borrowing and spending.
I warmly congratulate my right hon.
Friend on her new role.
Will it include the possibility of re-examining the vaccine damage payment scheme, which has been described at the public inquiry as not fit for purpose?
The £120,000 maximum payment has not been increased since 2007, and the 60% disability threshold is causing a massive injustice.
Will she address those issues, please?
I thank my hon.
Friend for bringing this matter, which he has worked extremely hard on, to the attention of the House.
I am grateful for that suggestion; I will take it away and come back with further information.
I call the shadow Minister.
I congratulate the new Minister without Portfolio on her position, and I wish her well.