It would be very good to have a debate on these matters.
There is good practice out there, and there is also appalling practice, based on shoddy evidence, and the Mayor of London is the top candidate for that accolade.
The Chancellor said yesterday that he had taken steps to support people through the cost of living crisis created in Downing Street, so why have 2 million citizens had to rely on food banks in the past 12 months?
As I stated earlier, the cost of living measures we have brought in now amount to £104 billion.
We have been there through the immense crisis that was the pandemic and through furlough, helping people so that they could be at home and be supported and also, critically, keeping jobs and businesses going, which is why we were one of the fastest recovery nations.
We have been there to pay energy bills.
I shall not repeat the statistics I gave earlier, but the hon.
Lady will know that we have protected those on benefits and also pensioners through the triple lock, and we are ensuring that those who are on benefits and trying to get into work have additional support to do so.
The result of our record is 1.7 million more people lifted out of absolute poverty, 200,000 of whom are pensioners and nearly 500,000 are children.
The Parliamentary and Health Service Ombudsman has already found the Department for Work and Pensions guilty of maladministration on two counts in relation to the WASPI women—the Women Against State Pension Inequality Campaign—once in 2005 and the other in 2006.
I forget who was in charge at the time; it must be my age.
Many women have suffered as a result in a variety of ways.
Will the Leader of the House agree to having a statement so that the Government can show they are doing what they can to help speed up the processes at the ombudsman, which appears to be taking an inordinate amount of time in finalising its investigation and recommendations?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question and the work he has been doing campaigning on behalf of pensioners more broadly and his work on the triple lock, as well as with respect to particular cohorts of individuals, both his constituents and more widely.
The ombudsman’s investigation is ongoing, so it would not be appropriate for me to comment on that, but I understand that it issued a statement on the timeline and the reasons for the delay.
I will certainly make sure that it has heard what my hon.
Friend has said today.
I note that the Leader of the House failed to respond to the question from my hon.
Friend  the Member for Manchester Central  (Lucy Powell)  about the Government’s Rwanda policy.
The right hon.
Lady will be aware of reports that if, as seems likely, the Government are unable to find a legal way to take that policy forward, they are considering using the Falkland Islands as an alternative.
Will she take this opportunity to either confirm or deny that the Falkland Islands is a possible alternative to Rwanda?
I am very happy to knock that one on the head.
It is not an alternative to Rwanda, and nor are various other places that have been mentioned, including the Orkney Islands.
That would be definitely out, given the reliability of Scottish National party ferry services.
Last Sunday was International Men’s Day, which is a brilliant opportunity to highlight the positive contribution that men make to society, as well as some of the challenges we face.
Foremost among those is men’s mental health and, in particular, the high rates of male suicide.
I recently visited Conscious Recovery, an inspiring Blackpool charity that supports those dealing with mental health issues and raises awareness of those issues in our community.