Last Sunday was International Men’s Day, which is a brilliant opportunity to highlight the positive contribution that men make to society, as well as some of the challenges we face.
Foremost among those is men’s mental health and, in particular, the high rates of male suicide.
I recently visited Conscious Recovery, an inspiring Blackpool charity that supports those dealing with mental health issues and raises awareness of those issues in our community.
Will the Leader of the House join me in thanking and praising those brilliant volunteers and charities who do enormous work in this area and who make so much difference?
Will she support a debate on improving mental health and preventing suicide?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for championing Conscious Recovery in his constituency.
I am sure the whole House would want to thank all the volunteers who work for that organisation, as well as those who work for many organisations across the country and in our own constituencies, too.
I am pleased that he has been able to raise the profile of this important issue, and I thank him for his campaign work on it.
It is critical, particularly for young men who are very vulnerable to not opening up about their mental health issues, often with terrible consequences.
We should applaud all efforts to ensure that they get the help and interventions they need.
Further to earlier exchanges, many of us have constituents stuck inside the hell that is Gaza, and in trying to get them out, we are struggling to get information out of the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office.
I have always found  the right hon.
Member for Sutton Coldfield (Mr Mitchell)  to be an honourable and honest man, and he is doing his best to help to get people out, but it is still difficult getting that information.
Could we have a statement, or at least a written statement, setting out the channels that might be open to us so that we can get people home?
I will certainly make sure that the Foreign Office has circulated an updated contact list to all Members of this House.
We will make sure that is done.
The consular services are the best point of contact in most cases for hon.
Members, but in the meeting I spoke about earlier in this session, I also emphasised the importance of the Foreign Office and in some cases the Home Office making sure that they are in regular touch with Members who have a particular interest in this issue.
I would be happy after this session to ensure that the Foreign Office gets in touch with the hon.
Gentleman to talk about any issues he needs support with.
Will the Leader of the House update us on the legislation to create an independent regulator for men’s football?
My constituents who support Everton are frustrated about the process their club has gone through and worry about unfairness.
Fans of many clubs believe that the structure of men’s football requires much better governance, and there is support from parties across the House to crack on and legislate for a better system.
Will she tell us when the Bill will be published and when Second Reading will be?
Hear, hear.
I thank the hon.
Lady for raising that matter, on which there was audible agreement from around the House.
I know that this issue is supported by many people, and I am one of them, as a Portsmouth football club fan and having done the largest and fastest ever community buyout of a football club in the UK.
We have spent a great deal of effort on this.
As she knows, we will be bringing legislation forward, and she will not have long to wait for that.
She will not be surprised to hear that further business will be announced in the usual way.