He said that he was cutting taxes.
The OBR confirmed that this will be the biggest tax-raising Parliament on record, with 7 million workers now caught by stealth tax rises.
Even with his cut to national insurance, the Government are handing back only £1 for every £8 they have taken in this Parliament.
The Chancellor said he was helping with the cost of living crisis, yet the Office for Budget Responsibility says this is the largest reduction in real living standards since records began, and energy prices rise again today, adding more pain.
He said he had got inflation under control, but the OBR inflation forecasts have now gone up in every year of the forecast period, with prices rising higher for longer.
He said that debt had fallen, yet the OBR said it would be 28% higher next year than when the Tories came to power.
The Prime Minister said yesterday that he had reduced debt, yet the Institute for Fiscal Studies is clear that public sector debt is rising in cash terms, in real terms and as a percentage of the national income.
Perhaps those discrepancies are why the IFS’s director said of the autumn statement that
“a lot of these numbers… are sort of made up.”
No matter what the Government do at this late stage, the facts for families will not change.
Prices are up, tax is up, debt is up, mortgages are up, rent is up; that is their record, and nothing they said this week can change it.
When people ask themselves whether they are better off after 13 years of a Conservative Government, the answer will be no.
The latest immigration figures are now out—up again.
So much for the Foreign Secretary’s plan to get numbers down to tens of thousands.
That is further evidence that this Government cannot stick to their promises, and in next week’s business there is still no sign of the emergency legislation on Rwanda.
Where is it?
What is the hold-up?
Is it with the Leader of the House’s parliamentary business and legislation committee, or is with it the Home Office?
Has she even seen it?
She knows it will not work; it will absorb loads of time and it will not solve the problem.
Maybe the delay is because the Home Secretary reportedly thinks that the Rwanda policy is “batshit”.
Yesterday, he also said that Stockton was a “shithole”.
Does the Leader of the House agree that besmirching another hon.
Member’s constituency goes against all the courtesies of this place and is utterly disrespectful to their constituents?
Will she ensure that the Home Secretary comes to this House and apologises?
That sort of foul language may be accurate when describing Government policy, but not the great town of Stockton.
I place on record my thanks for hosting the UK Disability History Month event that took place in your rooms last night, Mr Speaker.
We had great speeches from hon.
Members on both sides of the House about their disabilities and of course the performance of the Music Man Project.
I promise you that the video of you dancing Gangnam-style to one of their hits will go with me to my grave.
I owe you one.
I thank  the hon.
Member for Manchester Central (Lucy Powell)  for, and join with, the sentiments she expressed about Israel and Gaza.
We all hope that some of the hostages are able to be released in the coming days, and our thoughts are with everyone affected by that.
It is incredibly important that this House is kept up to date.
She will know that the Procedure Committee is looking at that and will shortly make some announcements on how it thinks the Foreign Secretary can best come to answer questions from hon.
Members.