I was making known my views on some of those choices and the challenges in delivering them.
I was not deviating at all from Government policy, and I am very happy to put the record straight on the Floor of the House.
Mr Speaker, you may remember that, earlier this year, I referenced a 102-year-old constituent who had completed the Great North Run, having done a 1,000-mile bike ride the year before and a 100-mile walk the year before that.
We were compiling a submission so that the gentleman could get an honour but, unfortunately, he passed away in the last couple of weeks.
Given the extraordinary service that this veteran gave to the country, are there any routes we can still follow to get some recognition for him in this unfortunate situation?
May I begin by paying tribute to the extraordinary endeavours of my hon.
Friend’s constituent, which I would never be able to achieve at any stage in life?
I am afraid that it is a general principle that honours are not given posthumously, but we are in consultation with the palace to look at posthumous honours for people who have lost their lives in public service.
We continue to keep this under review, but it is a complex area.
It may be true that the Cabinet Office’s Greensill inquiry established that Lord Cameron had not broken any lobbying rules or acted unlawfully, but a Treasury Committee report, in finding that he had not broken the rules, said that this reflected on the “insufficient strength” of the rules.
So what progress has been made to strengthen them?
What role will they play in measuring the past activities of Ministers who are to be appointed?
I refer the hon.
Gentleman to a written ministerial statement I made to the House a couple of months ago, in which I explained how, at  length, we have implemented many recommendations, for example from the Boardman review and others.
That included strengthening the civil service contractual requirements in relation to the Advisory Committee on Business Appointments and introducing a deed of covenant for Ministers to uphold the findings of the Advisory Committee on Business Appointments.
I continue to engage with Lord Pickles, who chairs ACOBA, about further such reforms that can be undertaken.
The Deputy Prime Minister played a prominent role at the artificial intelligence summit in Bletchley Park earlier this month.
One big question is whether open source should be encouraged and perhaps even required, in order to encourage openness and innovation, or whether it should be restricted, to keep the models in the hands of known actors.
What is the direction of his thinking on that?
As ever, my right hon.
Friend raises an erudite question.
My disposition, and that of the Government, is that open source AI is an important basis upon which we can build many world-leading applications.
We can see companies in this country growing at a fast pace by developing innovative AI off the back of open source.
Of course, there are risks associated with it, but there is a high bar to be met before the Government would start imposing additional regulatory burdens on open source AI, given the associated benefits for economic growth.
Palantir has this week received one of the largest contracts imaginable.
The company is based in silicon valley in California.
It was established by the CIA and it has continuing links with the American defence network.
It looks as though huge amounts of British NHS money and profits will be migrating back across the pond to California, but the most concerning thing is that information about millions of our fellow citizens—their health data—will be handled by that company.
How can that be right?