They fight teachers.
They fight local councils.
They fight the low-paid.
If you are on pensions or benefits, sure, they threw you a few crumbs yesterday from their table, but the Office for National Statistics says that food prices are 30% higher than they were two years ago, so they will fight you at the checkout tills.
There was not a word about fighting billionaires’ tax evasion, fighting dirty money being laundered through London, or fighting the corruption and fraud drenching this Government in sleaze.
When the Chancellor sat down yesterday, the independent OBR assessed that his measures would bring the largest reduction in living standards since records began.
But never mind; I see the other place was debating the Pedicabs (London) Bill last night, so we can all calm down, knowing that this Government are focused on the things that really matter.
And people ask us why we want to see Scotland independent and away from this bedlam of a place!
I realise that I will wait in vain for any actual answers to these questions—questions like, how is it exactly that the right hon.
Lady’s Government can find fiscal headroom in their Budget when some of my constituents in Edinburgh North and Leith cannot afford to feed themselves?
Is it not time her profligate Government stopped fighting everybody and held an inquiry into themselves and the many billions they have squandered over the last four years?
I am not in any doubt who I am standing up and fighting for—the people of this country—and who I am standing up and fighting against, and the SNP are on the latter list.
First, what the hon.
Lady says is not the case.
She spoke about the welfare measures that were announced yesterday.
She knows that the closing claims measure does not apply in Scotland and does not apply to anyone with disabilities or a child.
If she was not aware of that, I ask her to please read the documents that were put out yesterday and the Chancellor’s statement, and if she does know that that is the case, it would be helpful for her not to say otherwise.
The hon.
Lady lists a number of things and makes various accusations.
I would ask her to be a little more self-reflective.
It is her party that has been subject to 22—and counting, I think—police investigations.
The Serious Fraud Office is investigating GFG Alliance, the company to which the Scottish National party gave hundreds of millions of pounds to guarantee jobs that never materialised, and that just happened to be sponsoring its party conference at the same time.
The hon.
Lady likes to lecture my party about values.
Which party is it whose leader smirked while people booed the national anthem?
Which party is it whose activists called BBC reporters traitors?
Which party is it that bullied Conservative party members attending a conference in Scotland to the extent that it made national news?
Which party is it whose behaviour was so horrific towards its own elected representatives that they said they suffered panic attacks, and some have crossed the Floor?
Who is responsible for the bile-fuelled rants that are so evident in Hansard?
Once the hon.
Lady has clocked that the answer to all those questions is her party, she might reflect on why that is the case and on the appalling legacy that such a warped, irresponsible displacement activity has seeded to a generation of Scottish children—a wrecked education system, a widening attainment gap, fewer teachers, maths  scores declining in every PISA survey, science at a record low and plummeting literacy rates.
But they will, of course, have somewhere safe and warm in which to take heroin.
I am not going to take any lectures from the hon.
Lady about values, responsibility or performance in office.
This is why I will get up every week and stand up and fight against the slopey-shouldered separatism evidenced by the SNP.