I think  the hon.
Member for North East Fife (Wendy Chamberlain)  also assisted us in delivering a manifesto commitment on access to leave for carers.
There is always more we can do and if  the hon.
Member for Blaydon (Liz Twist)  were to apply for a debate it would be very well attended.
In the past two years, Plymouth has suffered two incredibly bad tragedies: the mass shooting in Keyham, where we lost five people; and the murder of Bobbi-Anne McLeod, an 18-year-old who was taken from a bus stop and murdered.
Members on all sides of the House have committed to tackle male violence against women and girls, so will the Leader of the House ask the relevant Cabinet colleague to come to the House to give a statement on what progress is being made, especially as we approach the 16 days of activism against gender-based violence, to tackle not only domestic abuse and violence against women and girls, but the growing scourge of incel culture online?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for raising this matter.
All the work done to strengthen local communities, particularly after those two tragic  incidents, is a credit to his constituents.
He will know that a number of Departments, but particularly the Home Office, have done a huge amount in recent years on combating violence against women and girls.
Measures need to range from education at an early age, right through to ensuring that victims and potential victims have all the tools they need to enable them to avoid harm.
This is an issue that is keenly followed by all Members.
If he were to apply for a debate it would be well attended, but I will make sure that the Home Secretary has heard what he has said today.
We all send our best wishes to his constituents.
Last year Bradford faced the highest increase in car insurance prices in the whole of Yorkshire, with the average premium standing at a staggering £879.
Will the Leader of the House grant a debate in Government time on the car insurance rip-off which means that law-abiding citizens such as her constituents and mine are left paying for the reckless criminality of others?
I am sure that if the hon.
Lady were to apply for a debate it would be well attended, because there is a huge amount of interest in these issues.
As she will know, our legislation to ensure that competition is working well and the consumer really is king will also ensure that people are able to get the best price from, in particular, online companies, if need be going through a broker in the case of insurance.
However, I shall make sure that the Department has heard about the hon.
Lady’s concerns in the context of her own constituency.