That has worked well in the past, but I know that my right hon.
Friend the Foreign Secretary is committed to further increasing his accountability to this place.
We are both working on a solution.
What steps are the Government taking to reduce the number of civil servants in order to achieve value for money for the taxpayer?
I am looking carefully at where we are with the plans for this year—obviously, there is a half-way point in that cycle—and at what policies we can put in place.
At the beginning of October, the Chancellor announced a freeze on recruitment.[Official Report,  11 December 2023 , Vol.
742, c. 5MC.]
I will be looking at what we need to do now to ensure that, as we move into future financial years, we use the benefits of efficiencies that exist and different ways of delivering services, which we can learn from across the globe and the private sector, so that we get value for money for all those who are employed and do a good job in the civil service.
Does the Deputy Prime Minister think it is acceptable that Baroness Michelle Mone has more ability to scrutinise the Foreign Secretary than Members of this House?
I refer the hon.
Gentleman to my previous answer about the well-established principle that Ministers can serve from the other place, which I believe last happened when Lord Mandelson was in the Labour Cabinet.
However, the Government and my right hon.
Friend the Foreign Secretary recognise this House’s desire to scrutinise him and he has committed to further measures to ensure that happens.
I thank the Government for publishing the report on governance and accountability in the civil service, which my noble Friend Lord Maude was commissioned to produce.
May I point out that one of his recommendations in that very well drafted report is about learning from the experience of other civil services, such as those in New Zealand, Australia and Canada, where indeed they retain civil servants in post much longer by paying them better—
Order.
Many Members wish to speak, but they will not get in if we are not careful.
Yes, I acknowledge that the Maude report had some very useful contributions.
I am reflecting on that and will give a more substantial response and comment in due course.
I listened very carefully to the Paymaster General’s replies to my colleagues about the contaminated blood scandal.
Can he guarantee that we will have a statement to the House before the Christmas recess?
No, I cannot guarantee that, because I do not yet have collective agreement, but I am working towards that ambition and that is what I want to achieve.
Why have Scotland and Wales been able to set up psychological support services for the victims of the contaminated blood scandal, but England has not?
It is because I have not yet secured collective agreement to do so.
The funds are available, and it is absolutely right that we bring that forward as soon as possible.
Again, that is one of the activities that I will be engaged in resolving later this morning.
Further to the questions from  the right hon.
Member for Kingston upon Hull North (Dame Diana Johnson)  and  the hon.
Member for Edmonton (Kate Osamor) , what assessment has the Minister made of the number of people who have sadly passed away this year due to infected blood before their compensation has been available for claiming?
I do not have that number for the hon.
Gentleman, but the point he makes illustrates the urgency of the work in which I am engaged and the need to ensure that over the next 10 to 12 working weeks—by the expected date for the report’s publication—the Government can bring forward a comprehensive response.
We will now suspend until 10.30.
Sitting suspended.
Before we move to business questions and resume the debate on the autumn statement, I remind hon.