We have spent a great deal of effort on this.
As she knows, we will be bringing legislation forward, and she will not have long to wait for that.
She will not be surprised to hear that further business will be announced in the usual way.
It is hard to know which is worse: the continued robbery of Scotland’s vast energy wealth while one in three house- holds in Scotland exist in fuel poverty, or the Scottish Government’s supine response to the closure of Grangemouth oil refinery.
According to Petroineos, the precise timeline for implementing any change has yet to be determined.
I agree with Derek Thompson of Unite the union, who said:
“Every option must be on the table in order to secure the hundreds of highly skilled jobs based at the Grangemouth complex for the long term.”
Will the Leader of the House bring forward a debate in Government time to consider the economic impact of UK energy policy on the people of Scotland?
I will certainly ensure that the Secretary of State has heard the hon.
Gentleman’s concerns about the oil refinery, but I invite him to examine his party’s policies on oil and gas and the support it gives to that sector.
Quite rightly—[Interruption.]
If the Scots can stop their spat for a moment.
This country quite rightly maintains a list of the crown jewels of sport and of our sporting heritage and culture with a listed events regime, but the six nations rugby tournament is not on that list.
Most people would think that it would be, but every few years the danger of it falling off free-to-air television broadcast comes along, and that is with us again following this week’s session of the Culture, Media and Sport Committee.
Is it not about time that the Government added the six nations, which is a festival of friendship across these islands and Europe, to the listed events regime?
Hear, hear.
The hon.
Gentleman’s suggestion got a lot of support from across the House.
It is the most fantastic tournament, with friendship as well as friendly rivalries.
I will certainly ensure that the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport has heard his suggestion, as the Department’s next oral questions are not until  11 January .
The Government’s “Creating a smokefree generation and tackling youth vaping” consultation closes in two weeks, and it is crucial that they do not rush through legislation without considering all the responses carefully.
Will the Leader of the House confirm that there will be a sufficient window between the consultation’s closure and the introduction to the House of the tobacco and vapes Bill?
Will she allow Members of the House an opportunity to debate the consultation’s proposals before a draft Bill is published?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her question and for that advert for the consultation.
It is very important that people are aware of it and able to contribute to it.
Although I cannot give her a precise time that the Bill will come before the House, there will be good time between the consultation closing, the publication of its results and any debates in this place.
My constituent Alistair Inglis of Duthie & Son motors in Montrose is suffering a prolonged issue with HMRC about its 2022 VAT return, which centres on misallocation of payments to the digital tax system using the dealership management system for the years 1993, 2001 and 2002.
This has been going on since August 2022, and it is still not resolved—not, I must say, for want of effort on the part of officers within HMRC, who are trying their best with a system that will not resolve the situation.
Can we have a debate on the dealership management system to see whether this is a localised issue to my constituent in Angus or it affects franchised car dealerships across the United Kingdom?