We will now suspend until 10.30.
Sitting suspended.
Before we move to business questions and resume the debate on the autumn statement, I remind hon.
Members that after they have spoken in a debate or in questions they must, at the very minimum, remain in the Chamber for at least the next two speeches or the next two questions.
They must also return to hear the winding-up speeches from both the Opposition spokesperson and the Minister at the end of the debate.
It has got worse, and it will not be tolerated.
If for any reason a Member is unable to return to the Chamber for the wind-ups, they are welcome to approach the Chair and withdraw their request to speak in the debate.
Records are kept when Members speak and fail to return, and this is taken into account when deciding whether to call Members in subsequent debates.
Both the Minister and the Opposition spokesperson responding to the debate are expected to remain in the Chamber for the majority of the debate so that they can respond effectively to the points raised by other hon.
Members.
Will the Leader of the House give us the business for next week?
The business for the week commencing  27 November  will include:
Monday 27 November —Conclusion of debate on the autumn statement.
Tuesday 28 November —Second Reading of the Criminal Justice Bill.
Wednesday 29 November —Remaining stages of the Data Protection and Digital Information Bill.
Thursday 30 November —Consideration of an allocation of time motion, followed by all stages of the National Insurance Contributions (Reduction in Rates) Bill.
Friday 1 December —The House will not be sitting.
The provisional business for the week commencing  4 December  will include:
Monday 4 December —Remaining stages of the Victims and Prisoners Bill.
I thank the Leader of the House for announcing the business.
The agreement of a cessation in hostilities in Gaza and Israel, to release hostages and tackle the urgent and unacceptable humanitarian catastrophe, is welcome.
Let us also hope that it could lead to a longer-lasting resolution.
Will the Government keep the House updated as the situation develops?
There really should have been a statement this week, and we really should be hearing from the Foreign Secretary, as we discussed last week.
Members give careful consideration to these matters, and want to raise their constituents’ concerns.
In a few cases, however, we have seen the legitimate lobbying of Members by their constituents cross a line into intimidating protests and vandalism.
I thank the Leader of the House, you, Mr Speaker, House staff, and the police for everything that they are already doing to support Members and their staff.
Does the Leader of the House agree that the spreading of misinformation and the whipping up of hate is a threat to our democracy?
Much of it takes hold on social media platforms.
Given that the Government watered down the Online Safety Act 2023, does she believe that they have the tools to deal with online hate, misogyny, antisemitism and Islamophobia, no longer covered by the Act?
Turning to yesterday’s autumn statement, does the Leader of the House want to take this opportunity to correct the record, because the Chancellor did not seem to get his numbers right?
The real figures were published by the Office for Budget Responsibility alongside his statement, and they do not match.
He said that it was
“an autumn statement for growth”.—[Official Report,  22 November 2023 ; Vol.
741, c. 334.]
The OBR said that growth has been downgraded in each of the next three years.
He said that he was cutting taxes.
The OBR confirmed that this will be the biggest tax-raising Parliament on record, with 7 million workers now caught by stealth tax rises.
Even with his cut to national insurance, the Government are handing back only £1 for every £8 they have taken in this Parliament.