I am grateful for that suggestion; I will take it away and come back with further information.
I call the shadow Minister.
I congratulate the new Minister without Portfolio on her position, and I wish her well.
Having seen the Prime Minister’s struggles using a contactless card at a petrol station, and his impression that a private helicopter is the best way to get to Southampton, I think he probably was in need of some common sense, so it is no surprise that the right hon.
Lady has been referred to in that way.
Given she is in the market for some common-sense ideas, I suggest that the Government adopt a policy that people who live here pay taxes on all their income, and abolish the non-dom tax status.
Perhaps she could cast her mind to abolishing the tax breaks for private schools, and spend that money on the 93% who go to state schools.
Is it just the case that this Government are totally out of common sense and ideas?
It does not surprise me that those on the Labour Benches attack private schools, which lots of parents want to send their children to.
For them, that is common sense.
For them, that is freedom of choice, which I stand by.
Of course, should they close private schools down, the public sector would have to find billions more to fund it: again, not value for money—something that I am here to deliver—from Labour.
What recent assessment he has made of trends in the level of compliance with the ministerial code.
The Prime Minister made it clear upon his appointment that he will lead a Government of integrity, professionalism and accountability at every level, and he is delivering on that promise.
The Minister, a few moments ago in answer to specific questions, said that this was not a matter for him.
Of course, the problem with the ministerial code is that the public do not have confidence that it is actually being delivered.
There is very little transparency around investigations and around referrals to the independent adviser on Ministers’ interests.
With particular reference to Lord Cameron’s appointment, will the Minister commit to publishing all the correspondence with the ministerial adviser on the code, and any correspondence around the list he had to give to the permanent secretary on his interests prior to appointment?
With the greatest respect, I do not think the hon.
Gentleman understands that the independent adviser on Ministers’ interests has wide-ranging powers.
Within two weeks of appointment, a Minister will have to fill in a form which was recently changed—two months ago—and has over 30 pages covering a wide range of aspects of their interests.
There is then a process where the permanent secretary of the relevant Department comments on that and the independent adviser will then publish an update of relevant interests.
This is a thorough process.
I met the independent adviser yesterday.
I suggest to the hon.
Gentleman that he writes to the independent adviser to seek the correspondence he wishes.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
When will the list of ministerial relevant interests next be published and will the interests of all the new Ministers be included in it?
I am not certain, but work is under way.
There are, I think, 18 new Ministers.
I think it will be a matter of weeks, but I will keep an eye on that.
The independent adviser did not give me a date yesterday, but I will continue to work closely with him where I can.
We would appreciate it if that list could be published before Christmas at the latest, because it is incredibly important.
Section 7.25 of the ministerial code prohibits Ministers from lobbying Government for a two-year period after they leave office.
It does not, unfortunately, say anything about interests before they are put into office.