Gentleman that the Procurement Act 2023, which recently received Royal Assent, will make life much easier for SMEs that want to do business with the Government and get a share of the £300 billion of public procurement this Government have to offer.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
The accession of His Majesty the King marked a new chapter in our nation’s history.
This month, the Cabinet Office launched a scheme to make new portraits of His Majesty available to all public institutions.
After the splendour of the coronation, this is a fitting addition to the fabric of our public life.
The Cabinet Office has also led efforts on artificial intelligence, including setting up a new AI incubator made up of a team of technical experts.
We will use our convening power to drive AI adoption across Government.
I asked my constituent, who is sadly personally affected by the infected blood scandal, what he wants to hear from the Government.
All he wants is to see justice and receive assurances that nothing similar is ever allowed to happen again.
Following on from Question 3, asked by my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston upon Hull North (Dame Diana Johnson) , and for victims’ peace of mind, can the Minister ensure transparency in implementing the inquiry’s final recommendations so that, ultimately, this House can hold him accountable?
The hon.
Lady will have heard the answers given by my right hon.
Friend, the Paymaster General.
He has given a clear commitment, which I am very happy to endorse from the Dispatch Box, on both transparency and speed of response.
That is the approach that he and I are pursuing.
My constituents who run small and medium-sized enterprises constantly complain about their ability to get Government contracts.
The passing of the Procurement Act 2023 will obviously make that a lot easier.
Will my right hon.
Friend update the House on when that will be enacted?
What will be the benefits to SMEs not only in my constituency but across the country?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that the Procurement Act is a landmark piece of legislation that is going to  make life considerably easier for SMEs, and it will do that in a number of ways.
A new online procurement platform will make it easier for people to enter information once and use it many times, and make it easier to see the pipeline of upcoming contracts.
Crucially, contracting authorities will also now have to have regard to the needs of SMEs in order to break down barriers and give them a bigger share of the pie.
I call the shadow Minister.
I welcome the Paymaster General to his place.
In his new role, he will have responsibility for the efficient delivery of Government services and entitlements on which our constituents rely.
One such entitlement, of course, is the winter fuel payment.
Earlier this week, he was reported as saying that some pensioners do not need the winter fuel payment, so can he tell us which group of pensioners he had in mind when talking about who should lose the winter fuel payment?
I was talking to a group of students and explaining the complexities of making choices in my then role at the Treasury.
As the Chancellor set out yesterday, although the Government are fully committed to the full uplift, using the triple lock, and maintaining all those benefits, all Governments have to make choices.
I was making known my views on some of those choices and the challenges in delivering them.
I was not deviating at all from Government policy, and I am very happy to put the record straight on the Floor of the House.
Mr Speaker, you may remember that, earlier this year, I referenced a 102-year-old constituent who had completed the Great North Run, having done a 1,000-mile bike ride the year before and a 100-mile walk the year before that.