This is because it has been shamed by its antisemitic decision not to light up the stadium when 1,400 Jews were murdered in the pogrom of  7 October .
Should the national lottery even fund organisations that seem to regret every death and injustice apart from the death of Jews?
My right hon.
and learned Friend the Culture Secretary discussed the lighting of the arch with the Football Association at the time and expressed her disappointment about how it approached that situation.
As was announced in the autumn statement, we are making further funds available to combat the rise in antisemitism.
We are also repeating the £3 million uplift to the Community Security Trust to fund its critical work, to ensure that that work is able to continue and to meet the unfortunate demand.
However, my right hon.
and learned Friend makes a very good point.
Whatever businesses or organisations we are involved in, we can all make a difference by calling things out, while also, critically, showing support to particular communities.
I think his point was well made.
May we have a debate on improving road safety?
I recently met a community speedwatch group in Bath, a bunch of highly dedicated and motivated people who stand for hours in all weathers, facing abuse.
They have caught 80,000 speeding vehicles, yet they see very little result for their hard work.
Speeding kills: a third of road fatalities are down to speeding.
Would Road Safety Week not be a perfect opportunity for such a debate to show that the Government really take the issue of road safety seriously?
I thank the hon.
Lady for raising this—very sadly—timely question given the events of this week.
As she knows, speeding is a critical issue and one of the biggest killers globally, affecting many countries.
As well as measures we take at home, she knows that we make a big contribution to reducing the number of deaths on the road elsewhere.
It is an excellent topic for a debate.
I will download her interest to the Secretary of State, and I am sure that if she applied for a debate, it would be well attended.
My right hon.
Friend has already mentioned the financial impact on poorer families of the Labour Mayor of London’s hated expansion of the ULEZ—ultra low emission zone—scheme, but she is probably not aware that the Advertising Standards Authority has found him guilty of using incorrect statistics in the scientific evidence, which led to its expansion.
Given that authorities across the country are now considering introducing similar schemes, would it not be a good idea to have a debate in Government time on ULEZ, so that we can expose these lies for what they are?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that.
That is a very good idea and topic for a debate, and he will know how to apply for one.
There are schemes elsewhere in the country that address air quality issues which have chosen a different path to clobbering those who can least afford it, with terrible unintended consequences —people losing their businesses or livelihoods, charitable organisations being prevented from going about their work and the knock-on economic impact to surrounding areas.
It is not just those in London or potentially in certain parts of Wales who are to be affected by these schemes; it is anyone who is going there to do business or for some other purpose.
It would be very good to have a debate on these matters.
There is good practice out there, and there is also appalling practice, based on shoddy evidence, and the Mayor of London is the top candidate for that accolade.
The Chancellor said yesterday that he had taken steps to support people through the cost of living crisis created in Downing Street, so why have 2 million citizens had to rely on food banks in the past 12 months?