It is incredibly important that this House is kept up to date.
She will know that the Procedure Committee is looking at that and will shortly make some announcements on how it thinks the Foreign Secretary can best come to answer questions from hon.
Members.
This week I met the director of national security and the director of consular and crisis services in the Foreign Office, as well as Home Office officials, on behalf of Members of this House to look at what they can do to support the families of hostages—not just the British nationals, but those who have a connection to the UK—and I know that they are in touch with those hon.
Members directly concerned.
A lot of that cannot be put in the public domain, for obvious reasons, but they are in touch with hon.
Members on Privy Counsellor terms with things that cannot necessarily be put in the public domain.
May I also thank the hon.
Lady for what she said about security?
It is incredibly important.
I refer Members to what I said last week on that point: we should be free in this place to use our judgment and vote accordingly, and we should not face intimidation for doing our duty to this House.
Although it is a growing and moving challenge, I am confident that we have the tools to tackle misinformation online.
She will know that we have stood up new services in the House of Commons Library, strengthening its ties with Government Departments—particularly the Department for Culture, Media and Sport —as well as with our security agencies.
The hon.
Lady mentions the facts relating to the autumn statement and the OBR, and I am happy to remind the House of those facts.
Inflation is now at 4.6% and will fall to 2.8%, and at the end of next year, towards 2025, we will be back to 2%.
Headline debt is now 94% by end of forecast, down from a predicted 100%.
Underlying debt next year is expected to fall to 91.6%, and we are due to meet our fiscal rule of having underlying debt fall as a percentage of GDP by the end of the next financial forecast.
We have the second lowest debt in the G7.
The hon.
Lady talks about the cost of living.
On average, a person on benefits will be £470 better off, pensioners £900 better off, and those on housing allowance £800 better off.
The national living wage has gone up.
Our total commitment on cost of living measures is now over £104 billion, which includes £3,700 on average toward a person’s energy bills.
She will know that the energy price guarantee remains in place until March next year.
On our ambitions to grow the economy, the hon.
Lady will also know that we have a strong and resilient economy.
That fact is evidenced by our continuing to attract inward investment.
I very much welcome Nissan’s announcement of its commitment to continue making the Qashqai and Juke models in Sunderland.
Yesterday, we made expensing permanent, as well as other measures to help businesses large and small, particularly on our high streets and in the hospitality sector.
We have new investment zones, one of which is in her beloved Greater Manchester.
The hon.
Lady mentions Stockton North, which will benefit from £20 million of levelling-up funding for Billingham town centre.
With regard to the charge that she makes against the Home Secretary, he denies it and I believe him.
The economy is predicted to grow.
We would like it to grow faster, and that is why we are focused on productivity.
We have been able to cut tax through the tough decisions that have enabled us to create that headroom.
We were able to do what we did during the pandemic, on furlough and other support, only because we paid down Labour’s deficit by 80%.