We are also looking to the Leader of the House to award us a constant flow of time in which to air those debates, both here in the Chamber and in Westminster Hall.
Yesterday, we heard that benefits will be uprated from April and national insurance will be reduced from January, but overnight we also got news from Ofgem that it intends to raise the energy price cap by 5% from January.
An inordinate number of my constituents are already spending more on daily standing charges than they can afford to spend on heating their homes and feeding their families.
I understand that the Government intend to look at this issue, or are looking at it, but given what has happened in the last couple of days, could I ask for that work to be speeded up and done in anticipation of the price cap being raised in January?
First, I thank the hon.
Gentleman for the advert about the timetable for his Committee being re-established, which is very good news.
We will certainly, as always, make sure there is time for the debates that hon.
Members wish to have.
The hon.
Gentleman will know from the answer I gave to the shadow Leader of the House that we have the energy price guarantee in place until the end of March next year, but I know that the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero will want to update the House on the ongoing work to which he alludes.
I shall make sure that she has heard what he has said, and of course he knows how to raise it with her directly.
Over the last seven weeks, we have seen over 15,000 innocent men, women and children killed; hospitals, churches, mosques, refugee camps and homes attacked; numerous instances of war crimes; and food, water, power and medicine cut off in an act of collective punishment that is in violation of international law.
Yet, even as over 2 million people remain trapped in the never-ending humanitarian nightmare in Gaza, we still have not had a substantial debate in this Chamber on the conflict.
This is one of the most important issues to my constituents and to constituents of many hon.
Members, so will the Leader of House finally allocate Government time for a substantial debate on this critical issue?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for raising this.
I know that the situation in Gaza, particularly what we hope might happen over the coming days, is very much at the forefront of people’s minds.
He will know—and I have given many examples—the complexity of the situation there and what the Israel Defence Forces are trying to do in very difficult circumstances, but of course we all want to see a pause in hostilities to enable humanitarian assistance to get to where it needs to be and we hope for hostages to be returned home.
There have been a number of opportunities to discuss this on the Floor of the House, not least with the usual Prime Minister’s questions and other questions to Departments.
I shall make sure that the Foreign Secretary has heard what the hon.
Gentleman has said, and he will know that the doors of consular services, but also  of Departments that are closely monitoring what is happening on the ground, are always open to Members who have particular concerns.
May we have a debate on antisemitism at the Football Association?
The FA board, which for years lit up Wembley for numerous causes and campaigns, has now said that it will not light up Wembley ever again for any non-entertainment reason.
This is because it has been shamed by its antisemitic decision not to light up the stadium when 1,400 Jews were murdered in the pogrom of  7 October .
Should the national lottery even fund organisations that seem to regret every death and injustice apart from the death of Jews?
My right hon.