It was established by the CIA and it has continuing links with the American defence network.
It looks as though huge amounts of British NHS money and profits will be migrating back across the pond to California, but the most concerning thing is that information about millions of our fellow citizens—their health data—will be handled by that company.
How can that be right?
Obviously, any contract of any size that the Government deal with—the Department of Health and Social Care and the NHS in this case—goes through an extremely detailed and careful process in order to ensure that we get the best value for money for the British public, that we help our public services solve the problems they face and that national security is maintained.
If the hon.
Gentleman has a problem with a particular element of that contract, he should bring it before the House.
Otherwise, I believe he is just scare- mongering.
Will my right hon.
Friend help with a situation where Thales, the French defence contractor, and its UK subsidiary are insisting that materials should be procured not from the UK, but from India.
How is that consistent with the Government’s procurement policy?
I cannot comment on a specific case on the Floor of the House, but I am happy to engage with my hon.
Friend on the matter he raises.
Frameworks are in place, but without knowing more detail it is impossible for me to comment here.
The right hon.
Member for Salisbury (John Glen) is the ninth Paymaster General since the contaminated blood inquiry reported.
We have worked together on mesothelioma and other issues, so I know he is of good faith, but my constituent Fred Bates, who was a victim of the contaminated blood scandal, is now 74 and needs to know whether he will get compensation before it is too late.
I understand that and, through the hon.
Gentleman, I say to Mr Bates that I am doing everything I can to update the House as quickly as possible.
There are a range of activities that I am familiar with from the small ministerial group of which I was previously a part.
There is a lot of complexity in securing the envelope of money and then working out how to allocate it, but I am doing everything I can to bring that forward as quickly as possible.
The lives of all our constituents are greatly affected by public bodies that make decisions across a whole range of issues.
Would it be better for many of those public bodies to delegate their powers to Ministers, so that Members of this House can question and scrutinise those decisions?
I will conclude my initial meetings this afternoon with a briefing on arm’s length bodies and the range of different entities that exist beyond Whitehall.
I will think very carefully about what my hon.
Friend has said and look at what more we can do to ensure that there is real accountability, maximum productivity and efficiency, drawing on my experience up the road at the Treasury.
In thirteen and a half years in this House, I have barely known a time when foreign policy is more important, so will the Secretary of State confirm that he is working with you, Mr Speaker, to find a way for elected Members of this House to scrutinise the Foreign Secretary directly?
I know that the Procedure Committee has been examining this subject, and we continue to discuss it with you, Mr Speaker.
There is a well-established convention whereby the office of Foreign Secretary has been held by a Member of the other place.
That has worked well in the past, but I know that my right hon.
Friend the Foreign Secretary is committed to further increasing his accountability to this place.
We are both working on a solution.