What progress his Department has made on implementing the interim recommendations of the infected blood inquiry.
I strongly commend  the right hon.
Member for Kingston upon Hull North (Dame Diana Johnson)  for her work for those who have been impacted by the infected blood scandal, and I look forward to working across the House on this important issue.
The Government have accepted the moral case for compensation but it is only reasonable that the response is fully informed by Sir Brian Langstaff’s final report, which is anticipated in March next year.
Eight months ago, recommendation 12 of the final report on compensation called for interim payments of £100,000 to be
“paid to recognise the deaths of people to date unrecognised and alleviate immediate suffering.”
The “Cambridge Dictionary” describes the word “interim” as something
“temporary and intended to be used or accepted until something permanent exists”.
I know the Minister is a good man and will want to do his best, so can he tell the House when those interim payments will start to be paid?
May I welcome the Minister to his new Front-Bench role?
I cannot tell the right hon.
Lady that today, but in the seven days that I have been in this post I have recognised this to be my highest priority in the role.
There are a number of complex issues that I need to come to terms with, but I am familiar with the whole issue from my previous role as Chief Secretary to the Treasury.
This might be a matter of gamekeeper turned poacher, but I understand the mindset of the Treasury and how we can get a solution that deals with the range of recommendations.
I cannot say anything more of substance today, but I will be having further meetings across Whitehall, with more this morning, and I am determined that this Government will respond as comprehensively as we can as soon as we can.
I have raised in written and oral questions with the former Paymaster General,  the right hon.
Member for Horsham (Jeremy Quin) , the case of a constituent of mine whose father died following infected factor VIII treatment.
The family could not even grieve properly, because of the stigma around HIV and AIDS at the time.
Compensation will not bring their father back, but it would give the family closure.
My constituent contacted me after a statement in which the former Paymaster General said that the Government accepted that there is a moral case for compensation for those affected by the scandal, as the Minister has just done, but also said that those infected and affected have suffered enough.
Given the acceptance by Ministers that the children of those infected have suffered enough, when will the Government make interim compensation payments to the estates of those who have died as a result of infected blood products and, separately, to those affected whose parents have died?
The best answer I can give the hon.
Lady is that it will be
“as quickly as reasonable thoroughness permits”,
as the inquiry chair said in his response.
I am totally aware and sincere in my appreciation of the frustration that exists on this issue.
As I say, seven days in, I am doing everything I can to move things forward and to gain assurances from across Whitehall so that I can update the House as quickly as possible.
I sense the palpable frustration, and I realise that this issue needs action as soon as possible.
I call the shadow Minister.
I welcome the Minister to his new role.
He will know that time is of the essence, with a victim of this scandal dying every four days.
He also knows that there is nothing to stop the Government setting up a compensation scheme now.
The failure to do so is weighing heavily on the minds of those affected.