My constituent Alistair Inglis of Duthie & Son motors in Montrose is suffering a prolonged issue with HMRC about its 2022 VAT return, which centres on misallocation of payments to the digital tax system using the dealership management system for the years 1993, 2001 and 2002.
This has been going on since August 2022, and it is still not resolved—not, I must say, for want of effort on the part of officers within HMRC, who are trying their best with a system that will not resolve the situation.
Can we have a debate on the dealership management system to see whether this is a localised issue to my constituent in Angus or it affects franchised car dealerships across the United Kingdom?
Is there any other way in which the Leader of the House can seek to advance this apparently intractable situation for my constituent?
I am sorry to hear that the hon.
Gentleman’s constituent has had difficulty getting the right person in HMRC to resolve that.
I will ask my officials to contact HMRC on his behalf, and ask them to get in touch with the hon.
Gentleman’s office to have an individual sit down and work through what might be a complex case.
There will be a solution at the end of it, and I am happy to do that on his behalf.
Could we please have a statement to explain why the overhyped Hull and East Yorkshire devolution deal announced in yesterday’s autumn statement and described by a local, well-respected journalist in Hull as “cobblers” is worth only £13.3 million a year extra in funding over 30 years, and goes nowhere near the £111 million lost each year to Hull alone since 2010?
The hon.
Lady will know that she can put that to the Secretary of State himself on  4 December .
That devolution deal would not have proceeded if local stakeholders were not in favour of it, but if she has suggestions about other things, she can raise that with the Secretary of State.
The Leader of the House is a stickler for detail, yet there was scant mention in her replies to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Manchester Central (Lucy Powell) , or indeed  by the Chancellor yesterday, of freezing personal tax thresholds until 2028.
That will cost basic rate taxpayers an average of £720 more each year.
Does Leader of the House think that people will not notice the effects in their pay packets?
I think that people will notice that this Administration has doubled the personal tax thresholds and lifted many people on the lowest incomes out of paying tax altogether.
Oak Square housing complex in Stockwell was built in 2010.
Sadly, since then there has been a host of issues with the building, from leaks and defective cladding to faulty infrastructure.
That has meant that my constituents have had to live in a nightmare for almost 10 years.
I visited it earlier this summer to see the issues at first hand.
The tenants continue to pay their rent and service charges to their landlord, Notting Hill Genesis.
Can the Leader of the House please urge the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities to accept my invitation to come down and see at first hand the nightmare that residents have to live in?
I am sorry to hear the situation that the hon.
Lady is in.
I will make sure that the Housing Minister has heard of the ongoing situation, and I will ask that she be given any advice that is available from officials about further avenues she can pursue to get redress for her constituents.
A few days ago, the Care Quality Commission found that more than two thirds of hospitals in London and more than half of hospitals in England offer substandard levels of care.
Will the Leader of the House make a statement expressing her alarm and concern about that shocking revelation?