We would appreciate it if that list could be published before Christmas at the latest, because it is incredibly important.
Section 7.25 of the ministerial code prohibits Ministers from lobbying Government for a two-year period after they leave office.
It does not, unfortunately, say anything about interests before they are put into office.
Does the Minister understand that with trust in politicians at an all-time low, the perception of Lord Cameron being put into the role, having clearly been lobbying on behalf of hostile foreign interests, does nothing for the perception of politicians as trustworthy?
I just do not accept the hon.
Lady’s view.
I have set out in previous answers this morning that there is an established, thorough process that is constantly being updated.
There are regular updates by the independent adviser.
The Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster and Secretary of State in the Cabinet Office, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Hertsmere (Oliver Dowden) , assures me that that update will be out before the end of this calendar year.
That work will continue and I expect, and the independent adviser and the Prime Minister expect, the highest standards to apply.
Where there are changes to an individual’s circumstances or interests, there is an urgent imperative to update the independent adviser.
What recent assessment he has made with Cabinet colleagues of the potential impact of the border target operating model on cross-border flows of goods.
The Government are delivering an ongoing programme of engagement with stakeholders across all sectors in all parts of the country and with key European Union trading partners to ensure goods continue to move across the border.
We have not identified any specific risk to the cross-border flow of goods.
It has been a very long wait to get border checks in place on the UK side.
What evidence does the Minister have that EU businesses have the appropriate systems in place, including enough vets, to make them work smoothly?
What estimate has he made of the impact on UK food security?
The whole purpose of the exercise is to ensure that we have UK food security.
The border target operating model will implement its next three major milestones on  31 January 2024 ,  30 April 2024  and  31 October 2024 , which means that the regime will be introduced by increments.
This will be good for British food and good for British animals.
What assessment he has made of the adequacy of the list of Ministers’ interests in ensuring that Ministers (a) declare and (b) avoid any conflict of interest.
There is an established regime under which Ministers’ interests are declared and managed.
Ministers seek the advice of their permanent secretaries and the independent adviser on Ministers’ interests, who reports twice yearly.
This is but one element of a network of ethics systems, including the ministerial code and the business appointment rules, which uphold the highest standards in Government.
The Minister says that there is “a network of ethics systems” for the appointment of Ministers, so let me ask a simple question: when was the last time Lord Cameron was not domiciled in the UK?
That is a question for Lord Cameron, but I would be amazed if he had not been domiciled in this country for his entire life.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of staff turnover in the civil service on domain knowledge and subject expertise among senior civil servants.
In July 2022 we launched a policy setting the expected assignment durations for the senior  civil service—the SCS1 and SCS2 roles—at a default minimum of three years, to support the transfer of knowledge management and subject expertise.
The initial impact of the policy will be reviewed by July next year, and there will be a fuller review in July 2025, following the completion of the first three-year cycle.
I congratulate my right hon.
Friend on his appointment—and a very welcome one it is too.