We would like it to grow faster, and that is why we are focused on productivity.
We have been able to cut tax through the tough decisions that have enabled us to create that headroom.
We were able to do what we did during the pandemic, on furlough and other support, only because we paid down Labour’s deficit by 80%.
Labour has opposed every measure that  we have brought in to balance the books.
Labour has blocked every measure to reform welfare in favour of denying people with disabilities the dignity of a pay packet.
Labour has blocked every measure to protect access to public service and cut waiting lists, in favour of militant unions.
Labour has blocked every measure to make us more energy secure, in favour of Just Stop Oil.
Labour has blocked every measure to raise education standards, and now wishes to tax education and halve apprenticeships.
While we have been reducing fuel duty and holding down council tax, Labour put both up by 42% and 104% respectively.
Where Labour is now in power, it taxes the lowest paid out of work.
The ultra low emission zone has wreaked havoc in London and cost livelihoods.
Sadly, I understand that those measures will shortly be coming to Wales.
Labour Members say that they have changed, but their actions past, present and planned for the future say otherwise.
Further business will be announced in the usual way.
I am delighted to inform the House that, after 50 years, the crown jewels of Darwen—our freeman’s casket and our mace—will be returned from Blackburn to the Darwen Heritage Centre.
After 14 years of campaigning myself, I congratulate the heritage centre and all its volunteers on their work to secure them.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that it is high time for a debate about local government reorganisation?
As well as getting its crown jewels returned, Darwen wants to break free from Blackburn, which would truly be the crowning glory of our £120 million town deal.
I congratulate my right hon.
Friend on a successful, if lengthy, campaign, and I congratulate him and everyone who has worked on it on their diligence and on never giving up.
I do not know about a debate—it sounds like we ought to be having a party to celebrate this.
In all seriousness, I know that it means a tremendous amount to the local community.
They are known as the crown jewels locally.
I understand that some of them are very heavy—if they need a hand carrying them around, I know someone who can help.
We now come to the SNP spokesperson.
Things became a bit clearer for us all this week.
For a time, we have been wondering what the Leader of the House meant when she delivered her infamous “stand up and fight” battle cry.
She told us 12 times in 90 seconds that she wanted to have a fight with somebody, but we were not quite sure who the enemy in her head was.
We know in Scotland that she likes having a fight with us; she is always telling us off for disobedience or treachery.
In Tory Britain, we Scots really should know our place.
But the Chancellor helpfully revealed who else her Government want to fight with.
If you are unable to work because of ill health, get ready for battle with the Tories.
If you are among the 4 million families destitute in the UK, forget it—there will be no real help for you in your daily struggle to survive.
As is clear from the covid inquiry, if you are a scientist or—God forbid—an actual expert, gird your  loins.
In England, Tories fight NHS workers.
They fight teachers.
They fight local councils.
They fight the low-paid.