Our business rates relief package will make a significant difference for retail, hospitality and leisure. [
Interruption.]
He asks when we will publish the small business strategy—it will be shortly.
What progress his Department has made on developing an industrial strategy.
What progress his Department has made on developing an industrial strategy.
The Department is making good progress developing our industrial strategy—a strategy that has been called for by industry for many years and opposed by the Conservatives for ideological reasons.
We have launched our consultation, we have met industry and thousands of businesses across the land, and we are finalising our report, which we will be publishing shortly.
The spending review announcements yesterday on investment will add to the business growth in the country that we all want to see.
British bus manufacturer Alexander Dennis announced yesterday that it is consolidating its operations in the UK to its Scarborough facility, placing 400 jobs in Falkirk at risk.
The company is warning about competitive imbalance, the increasing market share of Chinese bus manufacturers and an absence of incentives for British-built vehicles.
How are the Government planning to support British bus manufacturers as part of our industrial strategy?
This is a challenging and difficult time for the workers and their families at Alexander Dennis, as well as for the local area.
As Members would expect, I have engaged extensively with ADL’s senior executives alongside the Secretary of State for Scotland, the Department for Transport and the First Minister of Scotland to discuss what we can do to support.
We wrote jointly to the company, offering to support it in any way we can.
There are many issues that we tried to talk through with its representatives.
Bus manufacturing sits with the Department for Transport, so it is taking the lead, but we are working together to do what we can.
Do the Secretary of State and the Minister agree that the industrial towns and villages that make up Lanarkshire must be central to any modern industrial strategy?
Will they meet me, potentially in Airdrie and Shotts, to hear more about the excellent skills and potential that exist throughout the constituency that could undoubtedly contribute to their and this Government’s ambitious work?
Of course, our industrial strategy will speak to the whole country about the way that we are supporting businesses to grow and thrive.
We have identified eight growth-driving sectors as the arrowheads of growth, but there are also policies that we believe will lift the whole country.
I would be delighted to meet my hon.
Friend.
I congratulate him on the support that the local community showed in the recent Hamilton by-election, and look forward to talking to him further.
As part of the Government’s industrial strategy, will the Minister and her colleagues in the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology carefully consider Somerset’s bid for an artificial intelligence growth zone?
Its unique advantages—the Gravity local development order, and its existing connections to the grid—make it an ideal location to boost jobs and growth.
We have very big ambitions for AI and growth across the country, and I am very happy to talk to the hon.
Gentleman about his proposals.
I am sure that he has already talked to colleagues in DSIT, but I am very happy to take this matter further.
Cyber-security will be a key pillar in the industrial strategy.
That is welcome news in my constituency of Cheltenham, which is already a centre of excellence in the sector.
We are on the cusp of unlocking £1 billion-worth of investment at the Golden Valley development in west Cheltenham.
I know Ministers are aware of that, as are their colleagues in many other Departments.
A planning application is expected very soon.
Will Ministers join me in urging the two councils—the borough council and the county council—to get on with it and unlock that investment, which will bring growth to Cheltenham and the nation and, crucially, support defence as well?