Over 100 of those are already open.
There was a well-subscribed debate on this issue in the House last week, but I will ensure that the relevant Minister gives her an update on the banking hubs in her constituency.
I call the Chair of the Backbench Business Committee.
A third of my constituents emanate from Gujarat, so my thoughts and prayers are with the families and relatives who are obviously concerned about the plight of the 242 passengers on that flight.
I understand that the plane came down in a residential area, so the people who live there will also be affected.
I thank the Leader of the House for announcing the business for next week and for announcing the estimates days.
Estimates day applications can be obtained from the Table Office or the Committee’s website.
We welcome applications.
They will close tomorrow at the rise of the House, and we will be considering applications for debates at our meeting on Tuesday at 4.15 pm.
Anyone applying should expect to turn up and present their case.
We intend to allocate three debates each day, with a preference given to those who were unsuccessful in the supplementary estimates days.
In addition to the business announced by the Leader of the House, in Westminster Hall next week, on Tuesday there will be a debate on hydrogen-powered aviation, and on Thursday there will be a Select Committee statement from the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Committee, followed by debates on the role of careers education in improving social mobility and on Down’s syndrome regression disorder.
On  Tuesday 24 June , there will be a debate on the right to maintain contact in care settings.
On  Thursday 26 June , there will be a Select Committee statement from the Joint Committee on Human Rights, followed by debates on the role of the RAF photographic reconnaissance unit during the second world war and on the funding of the BBC World Service.
In recent weeks, I have raised the plight of Hindus in Bangladesh.
I have also raised the atrocities in Pahalgam, but now things have come home to this country.
Earlier this week, three young Indian boys were playing cricket in Headstone park.
They were approached by three slightly older men.
An altercation took place, and the three young boys were hospitalised, one with a fractured  eye socket.
We understand that the police are dealing with this as an aggravated racial assault.
It took place between young Hindu boys and older Muslim men.
The police are appealing for witnesses to come forward to see who the perpetrators are, and community leaders are trying to take down the temperature so that there is no escalation.
But if this type of religious hatred is going to come to this country, we desperately need the Home Secretary to make a clear statement about what the Government will do to prevent it from happening.
I ask the Leader of the House to facilitate that next week.
May I first send my thoughts to the hon.
Gentleman’s constituents?
When I first heard of the crash, I thought of him, knowing the demographic of his constituency.
If any of his constituents need help and support, the Foreign Office, the authorities and the Government here stand ready to support them.
I thank him for announcing future Back-Bench business, particularly the estimates days, which are important debates in the calendar year.
I am sorry to hear about the attack on three young boys innocently playing cricket in the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency.
He raises these issues time and again in the House.
I am sure the whole House will join me in sending the clear and strong message that we absolutely stand against any kind of sectarian religious hate or violence like that and that we will take whatever steps necessary to eradicate it.
We have two days of debate on the Crime and Policing Bill next week.