I know Ministers are aware of that, as are their colleagues in many other Departments.
A planning application is expected very soon.
Will Ministers join me in urging the two councils—the borough council and the county council—to get on with it and unlock that investment, which will bring growth to Cheltenham and the nation and, crucially, support defence as well?
As the hon.
Gentleman will know, we are doing what we can to unlock the planning challenges that people have faced for many years in a whole range of areas.
We are introducing legislation to do that, and making several changes.
I obviously cannot comment on specific planning proposals in his area, but he should be reassured that we are doing what we can to encourage growth.
I call the shadow Minister.
We have been promised a modern industrial strategy for nearly a year.
First, it was going to be with us in the spring; then it was going to be published at the spending review; and now it will be here “shortly”.
The industrial strategy seems to be a strategy to clobber industry with higher taxes and higher business rates.
Will the modern industrial strategy have greater longevity than the Office for Investment?
It was announced in October, and we were not given an update until last Thursday, when it launched.
Yesterday, we were told in the spending review that it is now being restructured.
What is the future for the Office for Investment?
I can guarantee the hon.
Lady that our industrial strategy will have a longer shelf life than hers did; I think it lasted 18 months—I am not entirely sure.
We forget, because it did not have much of an impact.
We have worked with all industries across the country to put together a comprehensive package that will make it easier to do business in the UK, and support our city regions and clusters across the country, where we have excellent industry.
It will turbocharge the eight growth sectors, and it will make the Government more agile in interacting with business.
That is why we are reforming the Office for Investment, as we have always said we will.
It is now a significantly more substantial organisation, and will give significantly more support.
The hon.
Lady should look at—
Order.
I am really bothered, because we have only got to question 8, and I still need to call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
The Liberal Democrats welcome yesterday’s announcements from the Chancellor on investment in public infrastructure  projects.
However, the general secretary of the Prospect trade union has warned that the UK lacks the skilled workers required for the new defence and nuclear projects outlined by the Chancellor.
Similarly, Make UK and the Federation of Small Businesses have highlighted that a shortage of skilled workers would be a critical stumbling block for growth.
As we continue to await the much-anticipated industrial strategy, why are the Government moving funding away from level 7 apprenticeships, when we know that they support social mobility?
More broadly, why did they not seize the opportunity in yesterday’s statement to commit to fixing the apprenticeship levy, to ensure that money is invested in skills and training?
Forgive me for my long answers, Mr Speaker, but there is a lot to talk about in the industrial strategy, and I like to talk about it.
The hon.
Lady raises an important point.
There is a significant skills challenge, and we will not shy away from it.
Yesterday, £1.2 billion for skills was announced in the spending review.
We have announced £600 million for construction skills, because that is a big issue for building the infrastructure that we need.
We know we need to go further, and we are working closely with industry on how we can use the resources we have to recruit the welders, engineers—
Order.