My hon.
Friend is right to raise the difficult issue of the Junction pub in his constituency.
We all hear those stories time and again.
We want to give local communities more powers to have the right to acquire such facilities, and for those powers to be exercised more quickly than they currently are.
We are bringing forward legislation in that regard, but he might want to club together with others to get a debate on the issue.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
May I echo the thoughts and sympathies that have been sent to all those involved in the Air India crash that is being reported?
I know that many British citizens will be affected, and our thoughts are with them.
I recently joined Essex police on a ride-along in my Chelmsford constituency to witness at first hand its vital work in our local communities to keep us all safe.
Worryingly, Essex police has regularly raised with me that the national funding formula, known as the police allocation formula, is outdated and unfair.
The funding that Essex police receives falls far short of the proportion of policing carried out by the force in a national context.
Yesterday’s spending review did nothing to change that or to remove concerns about police funding overall.
Indeed, the chairman of the National Police Chiefs’ Council said that in real terms, the increase in funding
“will cover little more than annual inflationary pay increases for officers and staff.”
He added that
“the amount falls far short of what is required to…maintain our existing workforce.”
If we want to keep crime off our streets and retain the experienced officers who do such vital work to keep us safe, surely we must give them the funding to match.
Yesterday’s spending review did not do that.
Will the Leader of the House therefore raise those issues with both the Treasury and the Home Office?
I thank the hon.
Lady for expressing her thoughts on the India crash as well.
She raises an important issue about adequate police funding.
All our constituents want to see more police on the streets and crime in their communities coming down.
This Government are committed to more visible police on the streets and to increasing neighbourhood police numbers by 13,000.
Yesterday’s spending review announced an above-inflation increase in police funding of 2.3%, which we believe is an adequate settlement for the police.
The hon.
Lady is right, however, that we need to bring forward reforms to make sure that we have better distribution of funding and that we can have efficiency savings on police procurement and other issues.
We will, as is our commitment, bring forward legislation in that regard in due course.
I welcome the new banking hub in Penistone, which I visited this week.
However, other parts of my constituency remain a banking desert.
The Stocksbridge and Deepcar Townswomen’s Guild raised the urgent need for a hub in Stocksbridge and we desperately need one in Chapeltown too.
Otherwise, my constituents have to trek all the way to the centre of Sheffield to have cash access and to receive in-person advice from their bank.
Will the Leader of the House advise me on how I can secure those essential grassroots financial services for those areas in my constituency?
Access to banking and financial services remains a huge issue for many MPs across the House.
I am pleased to hear that my hon.
Friend has a new banking hub in Penistone, but I recognise that Chapeltown needs that service too.
We are rolling out 350 banking hubs.
Over 100 of those are already open.
There was a well-subscribed debate on this issue in the House last week, but I will ensure that the relevant Minister gives her an update on the banking hubs in her constituency.
I call the Chair of the Backbench Business Committee.