The chief executive of UKHospitality estimates that there will be an extra £1 billion of costs on employers for new workers—774,000 of them—coming in to the national insurance contributions regime, on top of £2.4 billion in other costs.
If, by the next Budget, it turns out that the previous Budget is crushing the hospitality sector, will the Government consider tax reliefs in order to power our hospitality industry?
The hon.
Gentleman knows the Government, and the Treasury in particular, monitor the impact of all taxation.
I have to be frank with colleagues: I have no idea what the Conservatives are trying to tell us today.
They seem to want more spending and lower taxes—it seems like Liz Truss is still hanging around the party, to be honest.
I have to ask Members on the Opposition Benches: what is your policy towards national insurance?
I welcome the UK-India trade deal, which is good for salmon and good for whisky.
Will the Secretary of State use his muscle to ensure that a chain of small distilleries in my constituency and across Scotland can sell a wee dram to India, as well as the big brands?
Mr Speaker, I would like to draw the House’s attention to reports of a crash on take-off of a London-bound Air India flight from India today, and allow the Secretary of State to express our concern.
It is very important, and I think the Leader of the House will make reference to it when we get to business questions—if we get there.
I am extremely grateful to my hon.
Friend for updating the House on that matter.
He will know that one of the brilliant things about the UK-India deal is that it is not just for the higher-value, iconic products we are all familiar with; for bulk, there is no minimum price in the deal.
The deal is incredibly strong for every bit of the whisky—and gin—industry in the United Kingdom.
I am alert to the news my hon.
Friend has just shared, and colleagues will update the House.
Greenergy, a company based in Immingham, has been forced to shut down and review some of its operations in the UK.
In part, that is due to an influx of heavily subsidised hydro-treated vegetable oil from the US.
Will the Secretary of State bear this in mind when he has trade negotiations with the US with a view to easing the situation?
I shall of course take that up with the hon.
Member.
I have spent a fair bit of time in his constituency, as he knows, on one matter or another.
On fair trade and level playing fields, colleagues can direct their industries to the Trade Remedies Authority if they have specific concerns, but, of course, we monitor those matters at a departmental level as well.
Since the global financial crisis, listing on the London Stock Exchange has fallen by 40%, posing a significant barrier to growth, as liquidity and investor activity decline.
What steps is my right hon.
Friend taking to ensure that more British businesses are listed on the London Stock Exchange and that the UK remains a leading global financial sector?
That is an area of concern to us all.
We support and continue to implement some of the listing rules and prospective changes of the previous Government, but the bigger change from this Government is to liquidity, particularly around pensions reforms.
None the less, this remains an issue of key competitiveness for the United Kingdom.
I call Josh Babarinde for the final question.
Eastbourne businesses Qualisea, Gianni’s and Gr/eat are up in arms, as I am, that East Sussex county council’s shambolic management of the Victoria Place pedestrianisation means that works will now fall in the summer, their busiest trading period.
What provision will Ministers make to ensure that businesses hit by such disruption can be properly compensated?
The hon.