What representations will  the Secretary of State make to the Prime Minister in an attempt to level a playing field that is currently about as flat as the Galloway hills?
I firmly agree with the hon.
Gentleman that a level playing field is not just an economic necessity, but a matter of economic security and production in western economies like our own.
Of course, if a company has a specific case to make, it should make the representation to the Trade Remedies Authority directly—I have that power, but it would usually come from industry.
If the company has a specific case to make, the hon.
Gentleman should encourage it to make that representation.
It was fantastic to hear the Government’s commitment yesterday to making the UK a defence industrial superpower.
At its peak, Stocksbridge Speciality Steels, in my constituency, produced 15% of global defence and aerospace steel, which is essential to our national security.
What work is the Secretary of State doing to secure Stocksbridge Speciality Steels so that this valuable steel asset can be used to maintain our national security?
My hon.
Friend knows that I believe the workers at that mill in her constituency are a national asset and that I want them to have a strong future as part of our overall steel strategy.
We are closely monitoring the specific situation there, which colleagues will be aware of, and are determined to find the outcome that she and I would want to see.
The Prime Minister routinely states his unwavering support for Ukraine, yet as a result of UK Government inaction, British businesses continue to bankroll Putin’s brutal war on a colossal scale.
Since the beginning of Russia’s full-scale invasion in 2022, a whopping £205 billion of Russian fossil fuel exports have been shipped by our own UK-based maritime companies or by ships with our own UK-issued insurance.
Astonishingly, one company, Seapeak, has carried almost a quarter of Russia’s liquefied natural gas exports.
Can the Secretary of State give us an update on what the Government are doing, and deal with this immediately?
I am concerned by the figures the hon.
Gentleman raises; if he writes to me, I will look into that immediately.
We have taken extensive action to sanction not just individuals, but the shadow fleet, as it is described, transporting Russian fossil fuels, and are willing to take any action necessary.
Yesterday, the Dad Shift campaign organised hundreds of dads to come to Parliament to campaign for better paternity leave.
Does the Secretary of State agree that better paternity leave can give dads more security to spend more time with their babies, support the development of children and help gender balance in the workplace?
Will he tell the House whether the issue will be covered in the upcoming parental leave review?
I am sorry that I was not able to meet the Dad Shift campaigners yesterday, although I have met them previously.
I can assure them and the  House that the Government are committed to ensuring that parents receive the best possible support to balance their work and home lives, and we recognise that parental leave and pay entitlements play a key role in that.
We know that the leave system needs improving, which is why we are committed to conducting a review, which will look at paternity leave and pay and the length of leave available to fathers and partners.
More detail on the review will be set out before the summer recess.
The chief executive of UKHospitality estimates that there will be an extra £1 billion of costs on employers for new workers—774,000 of them—coming in to the national insurance contributions regime, on top of £2.4 billion in other costs.
If, by the next Budget, it turns out that the previous Budget is crushing the hospitality sector, will the Government consider tax reliefs in order to power our hospitality industry?
The hon.