On the issues that Sir Alan Bates raised, the hon.
Lady will know that under the group litigation order scheme, through which his compensation issues are being addressed, there are various independent points on the journey at which to consider the offer—
Order.
If Ministers do not want Members to get in, please will they say so, because they are taking all the time from Back Benchers, which is really unfair to them?
Back Benchers have put forward their names and come here to ask questions, and Ministers are just enjoying themselves too much.
This week, the Government have announced £86 billion for research and development.
Recently, I visited PROTO and Digital Catapult in my constituency.
Does the Minister agree with me that this sort of investment is exactly what Gateshead, the north-east and our country need?
I completely agree with my hon.
Friend.
I know that he will do what he can to promote his constituency, and the extra funding for the British Business Bank will really support his area.
In the US trade agreement, the Prime Minister gave access to the UK market for 1.4 billion litres of US bioethanol.
The Secretary of State will know that that is the entire size of the UK market.
Yesterday, apprentices came here from Vivergo in my constituency.
The hundreds of people directly employed there, and the thousands in  the supply chain, wonder how this Government, on the verge of producing an industrial strategy, can want to abandon the nascent bioethanol industry in this country entirely.
What will he do to stop that?
I understand the prominence of the issue in the right hon.
Member’s constituency.
We already import a significant amount of ethanol from the US: 860,000 tonnes of bioethanol.
We recognise the competitive pressures that the US trade deal will bring—it is obviously not yet in operation—and have met the companies affected and continue to negotiate with them.
They are already very distressed and lose significant amounts of money, so what they really need are regulatory changes from the Department for Transport for the market as a whole.
I can assure him that we are working on that.
Rusty’s  Collectables is a great new addition to Redditch high street, offering unique items such as Pokémon and Marvel collectables.
Owners Russell and Amee have successfully moved from online to the high street.
Can the Minister explain how the Government will help more entrepreneurs like them to turn great ideas into high-street businesses?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
Through our small business strategy, we will set out very shortly further plans to support businesses to get on the high street.
The increase in money in the British Business Bank, announced yesterday by the Chancellor, will also significantly increase access to finance for such businesses.
I call Sarah Pochin—not here.
I refer the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
A local manufacturer and a number of residents in my constituency have raised concerns that products, such as cosmetics or first aid kits, sold on e-commerce sites like Temu not only undercut local producers but may fail to meet high UK quality and safety standards.
What is the Department doing to ensure that products sold by online retailers continue to meet high-quality UK trading standards?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question; she is absolutely right to raise it.
UK product safety law is clear: all products must be safe before they are placed on the market.
As she sets out, goods sold via online marketplaces are becoming a significant problem.
That is why we introduced the Product Regulation and Metrology Bill, which will allow the introduction of clear obligations for e-commerce businesses, in order to ensure consumer safety and a level playing field.
We intend to consult on product safety requirements for online marketplaces very shortly after Royal Assent.