We probably need a national strategy, not a three-week operation.
My hon.
Friend is right to say that this is not just an issue for our high streets, such as those mentioned by our hon.
Friend  the Member for Kensington and Bayswater (Joe Powell) , but a concern up and down the country.
The National Crime Agency and Home Office colleagues are seeking to take action against illegitimate businesses, and my hon.
Friend will recognise that the announcement in yesterday’s spending review of additional police officers, with more to come over the spending review period, will help us with that activity.
If the book that  the hon.
Member for Central Ayrshire (Alan Gemmell)  has written is a political thriller about fighting for small business, I am sure it features five heroes on the Government Front Bench doing everything  they can to promote small business.
But readers will ask, “Who is the villain of the piece?”
Is it not obvious that it is the Chancellor of the Exchequer, who is doing everything possible to undermine business, with 276,000 people having lost work since the autumn statement, and 109,000 in the month of May alone?
When will the Ministers—the heroes of this story—fight against the Chancellor, who is getting so much so wrong?
It is a little while since I have been called a hero by the right hon.
Gentleman, but I am glad that I have finally had some recognition from him.
I do not think that the Chancellor of the Exchequer is a villain at all; indeed, I think the spending review she announced yesterday will help to unlock investment in our high streets and our small businesses up and down the country.
The record investment in research and development and in infrastructure, and the additional capacity for the British Business Bank, will help to unlock billions of pounds of new investment and many more job opportunities across the country.
Charlotte from Harpenden and her family run Gatwards, one of the oldest family-run jewellers in the UK.
It is a small business that has been there for so many years, but it has been hit by the rise in national insurance contributions and changes to business property relief and inheritance tax, meaning that it will shelve plans to hire staff and the premises are in peril.
Will the Minister work with the Treasury to review the impact of these policies on small businesses and our high streets?
We will always work across Government with the Treasury to look at issues that affect businesses, whether on the high street or beyond.
In the discussions the hon.
Member has had with the particular businesses in her constituency, I am sure she will have noted our plans to reform business rates, which will help many businesses in the retail, hospitality and leisure sector.
She will also have noted that more than 40% of businesses will pay no business rates in the coming year.
Lky7 Sports is a small cycle and nutrition business in Ashford in my constituency.
It has been hammered by the loss of small business rate relief, and wrote to me yesterday saying:
“The Government say that they are helping small business, but this is a joke when our business rates have gone from nothing to £1,800.
We are seriously considering closing the shop down.”
What advice does the Minister have for that boss?
I am sure that the hon.
Gentleman— I say this gently to him—will have explained to that particular business that we inherited a very difficult economic situation because of the decisions that his party took, including on tax, but our small business strategy will set out more plans to help small businesses, such as the one in his constituency.
Our business rates relief package will make a significant difference for retail, hospitality and leisure. [
Interruption.]
He asks when we will publish the small business strategy—it will be shortly.