We are addressing today’s cost of living crisis, too, with our warm homes plan to bring down bills, by extending free school meals and free breakfast clubs, with more free childcare, with a cap on bus fares and by increasing the wages of the lowest paid—with wages going up more in the first 10 months of this Labour Government than they did in 10 years of the Conservative Government.
Finally, we continue to boost the NHS, which has already resulted in waiting lists coming down month after month.
The right hon.
Gentleman wants to talk about choices, so let us talk about those choices.
We would not have been able to set those things out if we had not made the difficult changes to taxes that we made in the Budget last year.
He seems to want more spending for the police and defence—I think that is what he was saying—but he does not want to make the hard decisions about where the money will come from.
He mentions yet again the 2.5% of spending on defence, which this Government are delivering, but he might want to remind himself of when defence spending reached 2.5% in the last 20 years.
Was it in any of the 14 years for which his Government were in office?
No, it was not.
It was only when Labour was last in government that we reached the heights of 2.5%.
In contrast to the Conservatives’ fantasy economics, yesterday’s spending allocations were all within the envelope that we set out in the Budget last year, so we are really clear where the money is coming from.
As ever, their economic argument is utterly incoherent.
On the one hand, they say that we are spending too much, and on the other that we are not spending even more on police and defence.
They criticise us on growth, yet they do not want the investment to turbocharge our productivity and, therefore, our growth.
We are the party with a plan—a plan to renew Britain, a plan to raise living standards in every part of the country, a plan to get our public services back on their feet and a plan to give people the security they need in their homes.
To follow on from what the Leader of the House and the shadow Leader of the House have said, all our prayers and thoughts go to the families of the London-bound aircraft that has crashed.
Let us hope there is better news to come on that.
I was tempted by the Leader of the House when she talked about the knighthood for Sir Billy Boston.
I just hope that it will be like London buses and we will see further knighthoods for rugby league—I look forward to none more so than the news of Sir Kevin Sinfield.
Let us try somebody from Yorkshire; I call Jon Trickett.
I very much associate myself with your comments about Kevin Sinfield, Mr Speaker, who is a hero for the whole nation and a great role model.
On the question of the north, the Leader of the House is right.
In the great northern town of Featherstone, there is increasing irritation about the way in which the absentee and irresponsible owners of the former Junction pub are allowing it to deteriorate.
It is now in a dangerous condition and I fear that somebody will be badly hurt.
The process of dealing with dangerous structures is too long, too bureaucratic and too cumbersome.
Please may we have a debate in Government time—I think lots of Members will have the same experience—so we can share our experiences and see whether the Government can push things forward?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise the difficult issue of the Junction pub in his constituency.
We all hear those stories time and again.