As she sets out, goods sold via online marketplaces are becoming a significant problem.
That is why we introduced the Product Regulation and Metrology Bill, which will allow the introduction of clear obligations for e-commerce businesses, in order to ensure consumer safety and a level playing field.
We intend to consult on product safety requirements for online marketplaces very shortly after Royal Assent.
Will the Secretary of State accept an invitation to engage with the First Minister, the Deputy First Minister and trade unions on the Spirit negotiations, a joint venture to safeguard Northern Ireland jobs at Short Brothers, which will impact my constituents in Strangford?
I absolutely accept that invitation, and I can tell the hon.
Gentleman that we are already extremely involved, as is the Minister for Industry.
We welcome what has happened with Airbus, but we are focusing a great deal on the RemainCo and the issues there.
Last year, the Secretary of State joined me on a visit to our vibrant high street in Pangbourne.
I recently met the owner of one of those businesses, Nino’s, a fantastic trattoria and deli.
One issue that Nino raised with me was the regulatory burden on his business.
How will the Government’s small business strategy deal with that key challenge, and how will it support small businesses like Nino’s, so that they can continue to thrive?
We had a wonderful visit about a year ago, and I hope the Pangbourne Cheese Shop is still going strong.
Yes, the regulatory burden on small business is a huge area of attention for this Department; there is the business growth service, our action on late payment, and our incentivising of digitisation and e-invoicing.
Our farmers and growers can survive only if there is a functioning supply chain, but since the creation of the Groceries Code Adjudicator, they complain bitterly about continuing poor practice and the risk of de-listing.
Does the Minister not agree that it is time to beef up this organisation, and to amalgamate it with the Agricultural Supply Chain Adjudicator?
We had a Westminster Hall debate last week in which a number of these issues were raised.
The hon.
Gentleman will know that we are undertaking our fourth review of the GCA.
I encourage him and other hon.
Members to contribute to it.
We are considering the points made in that debate, and we will welcome any comments in the review.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
I very much welcome yesterday’s investment in UK energy abundance, but as our Committee pointed out on Friday, the success of the industrial strategy will depend on a plan to cut industrial energy costs now.
When the industrial strategy is published, will the Secretary of State reassure us that there will be a plan to ensure that UK energy prices are internationally competitive?
I thank my right hon.
Friend and the Select Committee for all their work in this area.
He knows my view from the evidence that I have given.
The significant increase in industrial energy prices under the previous Government is a significant issue for our competitiveness—and yes, that is something that we seek to address.
When it comes to bus manufacturer Alexander Dennis and the jobs at risk there, there is not an elephant in the room—there is a Chinese dragon.
The company is in competition not with commercial organisations from China, but with entities of the Chinese state.
What representations will  the Secretary of State make to the Prime Minister in an attempt to level a playing field that is currently about as flat as the Galloway hills?
I firmly agree with the hon.
Gentleman that a level playing field is not just an economic necessity, but a matter of economic security and production in western economies like our own.