A final year outside the actual spending review period was included, filled with speculative figures designed to suggest rigour and restraint in budgetary control.
This is the illusion of discipline without the reality of delivery.
In case any Member is interested, this is on page 13 of the document.
Elsewhere, baseline figures were conveniently shifted; most comparisons began from the year 2023-24, not the current year, which had the effect of inflating the apparent scale of any increases.
Sizewell C is a classic example.
The document trumpets a near 16% increase in investment.
In truth, spending over the period is falling by 3.7%.
That is on page 44.
Similarly, on police funding, the Chancellor was very careful in her language to say that there would be an increase in “police spending power”, but what she meant was that there would be an increase in the local authority precept: in plain English, a tax rise.
The same obfuscation was at work with overseas development aid.
The Chancellor has always said that ODA cuts were needed to fund defence, but the reality is that defence increases are almost entirely in capital spending, while ODA is a cash line.
Far from funding our national defence, what has actually happened is that overseas development aid has been cut to prop up other Departments’ day-to-day budgets.
The most obvious case is defence spending: we were told in grand rhetoric that it would rise to 2.5%, and later 3%, of GDP at some undefined moment when fiscal circumstances allow.
In fact, it is unlikely that even 2.5% will be reached this Parliament.
The 2.6% quoted includes the single intelligence account, which suggests that the number is below 2.5%.
The defence investment plan—the plan that will release the money—is unlikely to appear until the end of the year.
That is nearly 18 months after the 2024 general election—this at a time of war in Ukraine, and with China potentially positioning itself for conflict over Taiwan by 2027.
On Monday NATO Secretary-General Mark Rutte, echoed yesterday by no less than Lord Robertson, said that unless NATO members raise defence spending to 3.5%, with an additional 1.5% in wider support, we may as well “start learning Russian”.
That is the strategic context.
The Government’s response has been to dither and delay.
The Chancellor’s U-turn over the winter fuel payment badly damaged whatever credibility she ever had.
Yesterday’s statement has compounded the problem for her and the Government.
No mention was made of the estimated 5% annual council tax increases now expected, as flagged by Paul Johnson of the Institute for Fiscal Studies.
No admission was made that the review will add £140 billion in new borrowing.
That is an extra £10 billion a year in interest payments, at current rates, by the end of the period.
Meanwhile, the supposed efficiency savings of nearly £14 billion are widely regarded as illusory.
As the Chancellor herself said about the spending review, these are her choices.
But the truth is plain: there will be a tax cut for the people of Mauritius.
For the rest  of us, the spending review was a gigantic speculative splurge of spending, presented via smoke and mirrors, which will end up, as it always does with Labour, with higher taxes, and British taxpayers will have to bear the impact.
I start by saying that the thoughts of the whole House and the Government will be with the families of those travelling on flight AI171 from Ahmedabad in India to London Gatwick, which has reportedly crashed.
This is an unfolding story, and it will undoubtedly be causing a huge amount of worry and concern to the many families and communities here and those waiting for the arrival of their loved ones.
We send our deepest sympathies and thoughts to all those families, and the Government will provide all the support that they can to those affected in India and in this country.