We are putting money back into people’s pockets and investing in this country.
We are doing things that the Conservatives failed to do for 14 years and that is why they are out of power.
What steps his Department is taking to encourage small businesses to export.
Just last month, we relaunched the Board of Trade to focus on the targeted support and help that small businesses need to take up opportunities from the UK’s free trade agreements.
The recent trade deals with India, the United States and the European Union aim to reduce red tape, improve customs processes, slash tariffs and open new markets for small exporters up and down the UK.
Small businesses—like Rezon in my constituency, which makes groundbreaking brain protection sports headwear—are working hard to grow and export, but it is often hard to know where to get the right advice.
What practical support are the Government giving to small businesses to help them export and take full advantage of those trade deals?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question and for the opportunity to attend a wide-ranging roundtable with local businesses in her constituency, at the end of last year.
Our new workshop, “Introduction to Export”, is in collaboration with the North East combined authority, and is aimed specifically at helping local small businesses that are thinking about exporting to new markets for the first time.
A range of other support is available on the Government website, and that will be significantly improved as a result of the coming business growth service.
What steps he is taking to support high street businesses.
We have announced plans to reform business rates, launched high street rental auction powers for councils that will help businesses to access currently vacant properties, worked with industry to open over 150 banking hubs, and introduced the Crime and Policing Bill to provide retailers with greater protections from assault and shoplifting.
Our forthcoming small and medium-sized enterprise strategy will set out our further plans to help businesses on the high street and beyond.
Chester South and Eddisbury is home to some truly special high streets, lined with independent shops and pubs that play a vital role in the life of our communities.
I have spoken to local business owners, especially in hospitality, who are already feeling the pressure.
Following the spending review, the chief executive of UKHospitality said that
“the overwhelming challenge holding back hospitality from meeting its potential is the current tax burden”.
Does the Minister accept that unless action is taken to ease the burden on high street businesses, especially in hospitality, the Government risk undermining the very communities they claim to support?
I say gently to the hon.
Lady that when she had the conversations that she says she had with businesses in her constituency, I am sure she pointed out the huge economic mess that this Government inherited and the £22 billion black hole in public finances.
That is why the Chancellor of the Exchequer had to make some very difficult decisions in last year’s Budget.
We have set out a series of plans that will make a genuine difference on our high streets, including new opportunities to persuade landlords to open up premises for rent.
We will set out further plans in the coming small business strategy, and our industrial strategy will also help to generate growth in high streets and beyond.
The town of Burntwood in my constituency has a high street that has been struggling after 14 years of neglect by the Conservatives.
One of the things holding Burntwood back is the lack of access to high street banks.
Will the Minister update us on what the Department is doing to support access to banking in our high streets as a key pillar of driving the regeneration of high streets like the one in Burntwood?
My hon.