How can the UK justify this complicity in trade of illegally produced goods, and when will we finally see a ban on the import of any settlement goods?
The hon.
Lady raises a critical issue.
The British Government have a long-standing opposition to the illegal occupation of lands in the Palestinian territories, principally in the west bank.
We have been clear and consistent that, on the grounds of international law, the responsibility lies with the Israelis to resolve these issues.
On the points she raised, it is a significant and contentious enough issue.
I will be happy to write to her, but it has been clear for many years that we oppose the settlements and continue to do so.
I call the shadow Minister.
The gov.uk website, which has not been updated since  8 May , states that the Prime Minister negotiated the 25% steel tariff down to zero, but that is not right, is it?
Steel faces a tariff of 25% today and runs the risk of a 50% tariff being imposed next month.
Will the Minister take this opportunity to commit to updating the website, updating this House and updating steelworkers on the state of the negotiations?
I am very happy to consider the issues that the hon.
Lady raises in relation to the website, but I can assure her that, whether it is the Minister for Industry or the Secretary of State for Business and Trade, the Government are in constant dialogue with the British steel industry.
We will introduce a steel strategy, unlike her predecessors, and we have put serious money behind it.
Thanks to the economic prosperity deal with the United States, the UK was the only country to be made exempt from the 50% tariffs on steel and aluminium that other countries around the world now face.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
The Liberal Democrats have long called for a closer trading relationship with Europe after the disastrous negotiations by the previous Conservative Government.
We welcomed last month’s new trade agreement, including an agrifood deal establishing a UK-EU sanitary and phytosanitary zone.
The EU is our largest agrifood market, but since Brexit exports are down by 21% and imports are down by 7%.
The introduction of an SPS agreement will provide welcome relief to many businesses by reducing costs through the removal of border checks and reducing many certificate requirements, such as for export health certificates.
However, businesses and producers cannot plan without clarity, so will the Minister set out a timeline on when we can expect the SPS deal to be implemented?
I sympathise with a lot of what the hon.
Lady has said.
She is right to recognise that post Brexit we have broadly overperformed in services, relative to expectations, but significantly underperformed in terms of goods exports.
That was in no small measure because a number of food and agriculture producers were buried in red tape and new paperwork.
That is exactly why, as she suggests, the SPS deal is critical.
Again, I welcome the fact that, for the second time today, we are being challenged to go further and faster on deals that we have delivered.
I can assure her that, as I have said in relation to the United States, we take seriously our responsibilities on the implementation of SPS, but that places responsibilities on the British Government and, in this case, on the European Commission.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of the UK-India free trade agreement on the economy.
What assessment has he made of the potential impact of the UK-India free trade agreement on the economy.
This trade agreement is a huge economic win for the UK—the biggest trade deal since Brexit and the best deal that India has ever offered.
As we have heard, it is estimated to increase bilateral trade by £25.5 billion, UK GDP by £4.8 billion and wages by £2.2 billion each year in the long run.