What steps he is taking to support small businesses.
What steps he is taking to support small businesses.
What steps he is taking to support small businesses in Great Grimsby and Cleethorpes constituency.
Our small business strategy will be published later this year and will set out our plans to champion entrepreneurs, improve access to finance and help small and medium-sized enterprises to reach more markets and adopt new technology.
As I alluded to earlier, we are developing our plans for our new business growth service, simplifying access to support and advice for small businesses.
We are also tackling the challenge of late payments, including the introduction of a new fair payment code and upcoming legislation requiring large companies to report annually on their payment performance.
In Aylesbury town centre, we have some fantastic businesses, from Darlington’s to the Rockwood pub and Nafees bakery.
They provide an amazing service to the community, but with issues such as traffic, parking and antisocial behaviour, they can struggle to get customers into town and through their doors.
I congratulate the Minister on the work he is doing, but can he tell us more about how his small business strategy will support our high streets and town centres, like Aylesbury, to thrive?
I very much enjoyed my visit to my hon.
Friend’s constituency and the roundtable we had with some of the fantastic businesses there.
I very much hope that Conservative-controlled Buckinghamshire council  will finally get its act together and sort out some of the traffic and parking issues she mentioned.
We will set out our plans to do more to help small businesses across the country, including in Aylesbury, in our SME strategy.
One particular measure that we will be able to take action on is to improve access to finance for small businesses, following the Chancellor of the Exchequer’s significant increase in the capacity of the British Business Bank yesterday.
Small businesses on our high streets across my constituency, from Earl’s Court Road to Queensway, Notting Hill Gate and Portobello Road, are fed up of being blighted by candy shops, low-grade souvenir shops, Harry Potter shops and even barbershops, with accusations of VAT and business rates evasion and even links to money laundering and serious organised crime.
Can the Minister outline what steps the Department is taking, in conjunction with the Minister responsible for high streets, His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs and the National Crime Agency, to crack down on these operations and create a legitimate level playing field for our small businesses?
I recognise that my hon.
Friend has been very persistent on this issue, and he is entirely right to be so.
We have been working with colleagues in the Home Office and the National Crime Agency to take action to crack down on illegitimate businesses that threaten to undermine the legitimate ones that exist on all of our high streets.
In March, the National Economic Crime Centre co-ordinated a three-week crackdown on barbershops and other cash-intensive businesses where there were concerns, visiting almost 400 premises and securing freezing orders over a series of bank accounts totalling more than £1 million.
I thank the Minister for his answer, but I really do need to press him, because my constituents in Great Grimsby and Cleethorpes are as fed up as those of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Kensington and Bayswater (Joe Powell)  with seeing high streets dominated by dodgy vape shops and unlicensed barbers.
While some of those businesses are legitimate, a recent BBC investigative report shows that many are involved in money laundering and organised crime.
Obviously, the Minister is aware of the situation, but is he working closely with the Home Office to try to tackle this blight?
We probably need a national strategy, not a three-week operation.
My hon.
Friend is right to say that this is not just an issue for our high streets, such as those mentioned by our hon.