Friend in hoping that everybody who goes to the horse fair in his constituency does so for the right reasons and because they want to celebrate that event, rather than to cause criminality or antisocial behaviour—I am sure we all recognise that.
We want to take steps to clamp down on antisocial behaviour and give the police more powers to do that, and that is what our Crime and Policing Bill will do.
I hope that everything passes off well for his constituents.
The Leader of the House will be aware that Queen’s hospital in Romford, which serves the boroughs of Havering, Barking and  Dagenham and of Redbridge, is in urgent need of an A&E upgrade.
Indeed, I met the Minister for Secondary Care only this week to discuss it.
May we have an urgent statement from the Government on this issue?
The situation has led to many patients being left on trolleys for more than 24 hours.
The hospital serves 800,000 people in that radius, and that is simply not acceptable.
Please can some of the money from the statement yesterday be spent in Romford on a hospital that serves local people?
It is good to hear the hon.
Gentleman supporting our spending review measures yesterday and the increased funding that we are providing to the NHS in both capital and revenue.
That is to tackle the issues that he describes: the chronic underfunding of our A&E over many years, and the unacceptable delays that many people face in accident and emergency departments around the country—my husband works in one, so I am well aware of the issues.
I look forward to the hon.
Gentleman voting with us when we implement the spending review.
There will be a statement shortly on how that money is being allocated.
Will my right hon.
Friend tell the House when we are likely to see the public authority accountability Bill, which will introduce the Hillsborough law on duty of candour?
Are we likely to see it before the summer recess, and can we have an assurance that it is not being watered down at the request of mandarins in the Cabinet Office?
As I have said, the Government remain very much focused on fulfilling our commitment to the Hillsborough families—and indeed to many other families affected by injustices and scandals—and to bringing forward and enacting a Hillsborough law, which of course includes a duty of candour.
Most importantly, we need to ensure that we get the legislation right, and that it reflects the full range of concerns and experiences and meets the expectations of the families.
We are working on the Bill at pace, but we will take whatever time is necessary to work collaboratively and get the legislation right.
Transferring from legacy benefits to universal credit seems to be overly complicated, and makes it difficult for my constituents not to find themselves in debt.
As an MP, I feel that my hands are tied.
We are seeing constituents coming forward with rent arrears and in very difficult situations.
May we have a statement from the Department for Work and Pensions on what is being done to make the transfer easier?
I am concerned that people are falling into deep poverty and facing civil actions in the absence of better Government support.
I am sorry to hear that some of the hon.
Lady’s constituents are facing challenges moving from legacy benefits to universal credit.
She will be aware that the Government made changes to the debt aspect of universal credit, which put money in the pockets of many people in that situation, but I will ensure that she gets a full update on where we are up to.