I am very sorry to hear the news from the hon.
Lady’s constituency.
It is the case that 667,000 more people are in work compared with this time last year, and 300,000 fewer people are economically inactive.
I am rather surprised that she mentions the national insurance hike, because the Leader of the Opposition was on the radio this morning and was repeatedly asked to confirm whether that hike would be reversed.
She failed to do so, and it seems to me that the Opposition are in opposition to themselves.
The Minister seems to be in denial.
As a former entrepreneur, I visit lots of businesses in my constituency, and I talk to them about their fears.
Not a single one has anything positive to say about the Employment Rights Bill—indeed, they are concerned that it will reduce employment, not increase it, and it has been estimated that it will increase costs by more than £5 billion.
The Minister has been asked this before, so he has had  a lot of time to think about it: can he name a single business that publicly supports the Employment Rights Bill?
I can certainly name a number.
I also refer the hon.
Member to Hansard on  Tuesday 11 March , column 953, where I named a small business.
A number of other businesses have been in support: Centrica, Co-op, Richer Sounds, Nationwide, Adept, One+All, Pedal Me, Inkwell—there are many businesses that we talk to on a regular basis and that understand that treating staff well is a good thing for those businesses.
It is a pro-growth, pro-worker measure.
On  12 June 1996 , a Conservative Minister stood at the Government Dispatch Box and said:
“Labour’s minimum wage would cost hundreds of thousands of jobs”.—[Official Report,  12 June 1996 ; Vol.
279, c. 248.]
They were wrong then and they are wrong now.
With particular focus on the Teesside region, what steps are the Government taking to bring more well-paid jobs to people to make sure they can spend more in our local economy?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right: there are so many echoes of the minimum wage debate, it is uncanny.
As time has shown, the minimum wage has raised living standards in this country and it is something we are very proud to have implemented.
We are looking to bring more investment across the economy.
Recent surveys have shown that business confidence is increasing as a result of decisions made by this Labour Government.
I call the shadow Minister.
As my hon.
Friend  the Member for Gordon and Buchan (Harriet Cross)  made clear earlier, the ONS statistics are very clear: 109,000 fewer on payroll in May alone and 276,000 fewer since the autumn Budget.
As UKHospitality points out, the NICs changes were
“felt most intensely by foundational sectors like hospitality,”
which “necessitates an urgent review”.
My question to the Minister is simple: where will his red line sit?
How many more jobs have to come off payroll before the Department for Business and Trade will stand up to the Treasury on this?
Another 100,000?
A million?
Where is the line?
Again, it is interesting that those on the Conservative Front Bench do not seem to be in agreement with their own leader any more about the national insurance hikes.
I will just point out some statistics to the hon.
Member: the International Monetary Fund has predicted that growth will increase this year and the Lloyds business barometer found that business confidence was up.
We are putting money back into people’s pockets and investing in this country.
We are doing things that the Conservatives failed to do for 14 years and that is why they are out of power.
What steps his Department is taking to encourage small businesses to export.