Yesterday, £1.2 billion for skills was announced in the spending review.
We have announced £600 million for construction skills, because that is a big issue for building the infrastructure that we need.
We know we need to go further, and we are working closely with industry on how we can use the resources we have to recruit the welders, engineers—
Order.
If there is so much to say, the Minister should bring forward a statement, or let us have a debate on this very important subject.
I do not know how she will explain to MPs that they will not get in, because I am now going to topicals.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Since our last oral question time, we have secured three major trade agreements to boost British exports and drive growth across the UK.
This Government are delivering trade deals that benefit businesses and put money in workers’ pockets, and are securing deals that other Governments promised, but failed to deliver.
We have an agreement with our largest trading partner, with the biggest economy in the world, and with the fastest-growing big economy in the world.
As we have heard, the India deal alone will boost wages by £2.2 billion a year when fully operational.
Our new strategic partnership with the EU could add nearly £9 billion to our economy by 2040, and the UK was of course the first country to secure a deal with President Trump.
I can also confirm that in the past week, we have hosted delegations from the US and China, in order to assist them in their negotiations with each other.
As I have always said, under this Government, the UK will be the most open and best-connected economy in the world.
I congratulate the Secretary of State on his excellent work.
The Government’s decision to suspend their trade negotiations with the Israeli Government last month was absolutely the right one, but some constituents have been in touch in confusion after trade envoy Ian Austin’s visit still went ahead.
Can the Secretary of State affirm that this Government’s  position is that we will not be deepening our trade ties with the Israeli Government while the situation in Gaza and the west bank remains so appalling?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for that question.
Yes, I can reaffirm that position.
As she says, the Foreign Secretary announced on  20 May  that we have suspended negotiations on an upgraded free trade agreement with Israel in response to the egregious actions of the Netanyahu Government in Gaza and the west bank.
Of course, the UK has existing business relationships with Israel that are not affected by that decision, and we maintain trade envoys with both Israel and the Palestinian territories.
What we all want is peace, a two-state solution and a strong UK relationship with both states.
I call the shadow Minister.
Postmasters who were hit by the Horizon scandal will be concerned to hear Sir Alan Bates describe the compensation process as a “quasi-kangaroo court”.
Can the Minister reassure postmasters about the redress that they are due, and reassure taxpayers about the redress that he is seeking from Fujitsu?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her question, and she is absolutely right to draw attention to the continuing need to speed up compensation to sub-postmasters.
Since we came into government, we have increased fourfold the amount of compensation paid to sub-postmasters, but there is an awful lot more to do.
On the issues that Sir Alan Bates raised, the hon.
Lady will know that under the group litigation order scheme, through which his compensation issues are being addressed, there are various independent points on the journey at which to consider the offer—
Order.
If Ministers do not want Members to get in, please will they say so, because they are taking all the time from Back Benchers, which is really unfair to them?