Eastbourne businesses Qualisea, Gianni’s and Gr/eat are up in arms, as I am, that East Sussex county council’s shambolic management of the Victoria Place pedestrianisation means that works will now fall in the summer, their busiest trading period.
What provision will Ministers make to ensure that businesses hit by such disruption can be properly compensated?
The hon.
Gentleman will understand that I do not have the details of that specific case, but if he wants to write to me I will happily look into it.
That completes questions.
We will now let the Front Benchers change over.
Will the Leader of the House give us the forthcoming business?
The business for next week is as follows:
Monday 16 June —Motion relating to the House of Commons independent complaints and grievance scheme, followed by a general debate on Windrush Day 2025.
The subject for this debate was determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Tuesday 17 June —Remaining stages of the Crime and Policing Bill (day one).
Wednesday 18 June —Remaining stages of the Crime and Policing Bill (day two).
Thursday 19 June —Motion to approve the draft Licensing Act 2003 (UEFA Women’s European Football Championship Licensing Hours) Order 2025, followed by general debate on incontinence, followed by general debate on water safety education.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 20 June —Private Member’s Bills.
The provisional business for the week commencing  23 June  will include:
Monday 23 June —General debate on Pride Month.
Tuesday 24 June —Estimates day (2nd allotted day).
Wednesday 25 June —Estimates day (3rd allotted day).
At 7 pm the House will be asked to agree all outstanding estimates.
Thursday 26 June —Proceedings on the Supply and Appropriation (Main Estimates) (No.
2) Bill, followed by general debate on Armed Forces Day.
Friday 27 June —The House will not be sitting.
As the House will know, we have incoming news of a terrible disaster involving a flight out of Ahmedabad in India.
I know that the Leader of the House will want to say a few words, but, from the Conservative Benches—I am sure that I speak for the whole House—let me wish everyone involved and their families the very best.
It would be a bad day this week if I did not mention the fantastic news of the knighthood of Sir Billy Boston—it is nice to be able to do that.
I hope you will admire my restraint, Mr Speaker, in not mentioning your birthday and therefore not giving any incentive to any other Member of the House to mention it in their remarks either.
I had the dubious pleasure, as you did, Mr Speaker, of listening to yesterday’s spending review in this Chamber.
It brought to mind President Abraham Lincoln’s immortal line about managing to compress the greatest number of words into the smallest amount of content.
I am afraid that the statement was somewhat worse than that.
It was, in both its design and delivery, an exercise in distraction and sleight of hand—a document not of economic strategy but of political evasion.
We should be clear from the outset that this was a spending review, not a Budget.
Unlike a Budget, it was not subject to scrutiny by the Office for Budget  Responsibility.
The Chancellor’s figures have, therefore, not been externally verified.
Her assumptions have not been stress-tested, and her projections have not been independently reviewed.
She was not required to publish the full fiscal implications or to give the embarrassing numbers in her own remarks—and, of course, she did not.
Even within the confines of departmental budgets, the presentation was, I am afraid, somewhat disingenuous.
A final year outside the actual spending review period was included, filled with speculative figures designed to suggest rigour and restraint in budgetary control.
This is the illusion of discipline without the reality of delivery.
In case any Member is interested, this is on page 13 of the document.