Lady’s questions, but the situation has changed.
We have now changed our response, and we will relocate these people back to the United Kingdom.
It is reassuring to hear that this is not a paperwork issue, because it has now been more than two years since the fateful airlift.
It was also particularly problematic to find accommodation for Afghan families because they tended to be large families and the accommodation was not available.
I am more worried about the change of policy in Pakistan and the influences on and within the Pakistani Government.
What conversations are Ministers having with the Pakistani Government about the aid we pay to Pakistan, some of which is to cover the many Afghan refugees who fled into Pakistan, to keep them safe and out of danger until we can take those to whom we have a duty?
Surely that should be a subject of conversations with the Pakistani Government.
My hon.
Friend is right that those conversations are paramount in our mind, given the shift in policy from the Pakistani Government towards Afghans.
We are driving through protection for those to whom we have a duty, where they have been approved to come to the UK.
We must ensure that we continue our existing agreements with Pakistan, and the Foreign Office is working hard to do that.
Now that we have an accelerated plan, I hope that those in Pakistan who are eligible to be in the UK are protected from any of those policies, that we look after them and that we bring them back to the UK, as has been our promise from the start.
I call the shadow Minister.
We owe many Afghans a debt of gratitude for supporting British aims in Afghanistan.
In the summer and autumn of 2021, the UK Government rightly promised to honour that debt by offering those Afghans resettlement in the UK.
However, the Government’s Operation Warm Welcome fast became “Operation Cold Shoulder”.
Of those Afghans who made it to Britain, 8,000 were crammed into hotels over a two-year period.
They were then evicted, without consultation with local authorities, leaving many Afghan families facing homelessness this winter.
Worse, the Prime Minister last November personally gave instructions to Ministers that no more flights should be chartered from Pakistan to bring Afghans who have a right to resettlement here to the UK, despite more than 3,000 Afghan refugees being stuck in hotels in Pakistan, when the British Government had promised those very individuals refuge in the UK through the ARAP and ACRS.
Keeping those loyal-to-Britain Afghans in limbo was shameful enough, but even more disgracefully the Prime Minister changed tack only when the Pakistani Government started threatening to send those loyal-to-Britain Afghans back to Afghanistan to meet their fate at the hands of the Taliban.
In short, the Government of Pakistan have strong-armed our weak Prime Minister into delivering something that it was our duty as a country to deliver in the first place.
That is a truly shameful and humiliating state of affairs.
What we now need to know from the Minister is: how many flights has he chartered?
When will they be running from and until?
What assurance has he received from the Pakistani Government that they will extend the deadline for Afghans who are to be expelled back into Afghanistan until after all the UK flights have been completed?
Are the Government aware of any cases of Afghans eligible under ARAP or ACRS who have been forcibly returned to Afghanistan from Pakistan?
If so, what steps are the Government taking to bring those people to safety as a matter of urgency?
Finally, what progress has he made on clearing the record high asylum backlog and securing accommodation for these Afghans, whom we desperately need to get out of Pakistan as rapidly and urgently as possible?
It is hard to take the hon.