I have a constituent who is a former senator in Afghanistan.
The processing of his case is still being delayed, partly because of some problems about location that we have tried to deal with.
I met him this week and I think he now has serious mental health problems as a result of the stress he is under.
I will write again to the Minister and I would welcome his personal attention on this case.
I say to the right hon.
Gentleman and to all hon.
Members who have personal cases to email me as I am happy to take them over.
I have been brought in very recently and I will do what I can to get answers in those cases.
A lot of cases are not simple—they are not black and white.
As everybody across the House knows, I will always be honest about the challenges and we will do everything that we can to look after these people.
In the interests of impartiality, I will quote from The Guardian, which puts the figure of Afghans currently stranded in UK-funded hotels in Islamabad at 3,000.
Indeed, according to reports, those hotels have been raided by Pakistani authorities.
What assessment does the Minister make of that figure and of what has been happening?
Furthermore, what discussions has he been having with our high commissioner in Pakistan and his opposite number in the Pakistani Government?
This is a cross-Government effort, so people from the Ministry of Defence and the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office are in contact with the high commissioner in Pakistan every day.
We are well aware of this challenge.
There are two separate issues here: one is the wider Pakistani policy towards Afghans, which is not part of my work in this space; and the other is that being applied to those who are entitled to be in the UK and have been pre-approved to be in the UK.
It is the latter that I am concerned about.
We are determined to get assurances on them and we will keep working until we do.
I have already made a  commitment that if a single one of them is deported back whence they came, I will have failed, but we will make sure that does not happen.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Glasgow Central (Alison Thewliss)  on securing this urgent question, particularly as it has given us some clarity today.
The Minister has talked about accommodation.
What I am hearing from my country contacts through the all-party parliamentary group on Afghan women and girls is that the focus seems to be on families, and that only families are being evacuated.
That means that single women, many of whom have worked in politics and teaching, and those from the LGBT+ community are feeling particularly vulnerable, and they are most at risk of reprisals if they are deported back to Afghanistan.
Can the Minister clarify what is happening for those single applicants?
There is no de-prioritising of single applicants.
Often they are easier to reintegrate and to accommodate in the United Kingdom because they are not a wider family.
There are lots of stories going around the people in this cohort because they are very scared and vulnerable.
Obviously, the hon.
Lady is absolutely right to raise this with me, but that is not something that I have seen.
None the less, I will go back and look for it.
I chair the all-party parliamentary group for Hazaras and, since the Taliban took over, Hazaras in particular face increasing risk of targeted killings, discrimination and persecution.
What specifically are the UK Government doing to help the Hazaras stranded in Afghanistan so that they can resettle in a third country, or indeed in the UK, and start a better life?
I completely recognise my hon.
Friend’s passion in this space, but I have to be disciplined about what is in my remit and what is not.