I have not had those answers from the Minister.
One constituent contacted me whose sister and her five children have been threatened with imprisonment in Pakistan if they do not leave.
Her other family members—her parents, her brother and her cousin—have been returned to Afghanistan, and she cannot contact them.
She does not know where they are or what has happened to them.
Given that they fled from the Taliban in the first place, she is terrified for them.
She has been given very unclear advice by UK officials in Pakistan on what exactly they are entitled to and whether they will be able to get on a flight at all.
Another constituent, a gentleman, contacted me on  25 October  after seeing the news that there will be charter flights from Pakistan carrying Afghans who have been processed.
He has been trying to get answers on the status of his family, including whether they have a valid application, whether they can get on a plane and whether they can come to safety with him.
He was stuck there with his family at the fall of Afghanistan, and he is extremely distressed about the situation.
Again, I have been asking questions of various Departments and have had no answers whatsoever.
What advice should I give to my constituent?
There have been no updates to MPs, despite there being reports in the news of charter flights and of people coming.
We have also heard on the news that people in Islamabad—people who are entitled—have been warned by the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office to hide indoors.
The British high commission has apparently warned people in hotels in Islamabad not to go outside due to the risk of arrest and deportation, so who is eligible for these charter flight?
Is it people on the ARAP and ACRS schemes, people with valid family reunion paperwork or people who are still waiting for their paperwork to be done?
We do not know, and I have families in my constituency with four of five members who have been processed and one who has been left behind.
Can the Minister tell us exactly how many people in Pakistan are waiting for the UK Government to process their paperwork so that they can finally come to safety?
We have a duty to these Afghans, and we are failing them yet again.
I must be completely clear to the House that this is not an issue of delayed paperwork.
Afghanistan collapsed, and the UK conducted Operation Pitting to retrieve Afghans from Kabul and bring them to the UK.
They went into hotel accommodation because we did not have enough housing.
That was the right thing to do at the time.
Since then, it has become clear that it is entirely unsuitable for these families to be in hotel accommodation for long periods of time.
They were therefore held in  Pakistan, and rightly so.
The situation in Pakistan has now changed, and we will now accelerate the process and get them into SFA accommodation in the UK so that we meet our duties.
I do not want to see anybody detained or deported from Pakistan if they are entitled to be in the United Kingdom, and I will work to achieve that outcome.
I caution against spreading rumours of things that I am not seeing on the ground.
It is an extremely challenging environment but, ultimately, we have a commitment to these people and I am determined to see it through.
On the Afghan population in hotels, I have heard the same questions, demands and allegations that we would not be successful before, but we were.
I hear the hon.
Lady’s questions, but the situation has changed.
We have now changed our response, and we will relocate these people back to the United Kingdom.
It is reassuring to hear that this is not a paperwork issue, because it has now been more than two years since the fateful airlift.