When we launched our family hubs programme, we ensured that the hubs provided a service to anyone who needed it.
They are supporting families with everything from mental health to breastfeeding, and housing and debt services—challenges that many of us need support with.
The service is universal, available to anyone.
Family hubs support families with children of all ages, from conception to 19, or up to 25 for those with special educational needs.
They join up services, ensuring that every family gets the right support at the right time.
As part of that, the best start for life programme provides focused support during the crucial first 1,001 days of a child’s life, and I pay tribute to my right hon.
Friend  the Member for South Northamptonshire (Dame Andrea Leadsom)  for her work to get that right.
Before I talk about how we have transformed our schools, I will address one of the key challenges we face in delivering opportunity: school attendance.
I will in a moment, honestly, but this is important.
I want to address one of the key challenges we face, which is school attendance.
Following the  pandemic, we have seen a phenomenon where more children are staying home and not going to school.
That challenge is not unique to the UK.
At the G7, my counterparts from the US to Japan were all grappling with the same issue.
I reassure the House that it is a top priority.
We are making progress through our attendance hubs and mentoring programmes, as well as more specialised support for key cohorts, such as those with mental health issues or special educational needs.
In just the past year, 380,000 fewer children are persistently absent, and we will keep driving at this issue until all our children are back in school.
I notice that the Labour party had a lot to say about attendance this morning, but  the hon.
Member for Houghton and Sunderland South (Bridget Phillipson)  may have missed the 380,000 fewer children persistently absent in the past year.
Yet again, Labour offers little more than empty words, with a touch of student politics.
In Labour-run Wales, attendance rates are still far behind those in England.
Last year’s attendance data showed that Wales only managed an attendance rate of 85.5%, compared with England’s 92.5%.
That means that English children are benefiting from well over a week more education than those just over the border.
I advise the Labour party to spend a little less time playing politics, and more time helping children.
The children of Wales deserve better.
On Monday, I officially opened the Constituency Garden of Remembrance in New Palace Yard.
I thank those of you who have already planted Remembrance tributes.
For those who have not yet done so, you, or a member of your team, are welcome to plant a Remembrance tribute before 4 pm on Thursday.
At 1 pm today there will be a wreath-laying service at the Recording Angel Memorial under the stained-glass window at the St Stephen’s Entrance end of Westminster Hall.
This is the main memorial to Members and staff of both Houses, including police officers, who died in both world wars.
All are welcome to attend.
I also draw to the House’s attention the retirement of Peter Barratt, who served the House of Commons for more than 32 years, including 10 years as the Speaker’s Assistant Secretary and eight years as the Speaker’s Secretary.
His commitment, loyalty and professionalism will be missed, and I would like to thank him personally for everything he did during his time here.
I am sure that the whole House will agree with me when I say that we wish him all the very best for the future. [
Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear.”]
(Urgent Question): To ask the Home Secretary if she will make a statement on the evacuation of Afghans from Pakistan.
I thank the hon.
Lady for her question.