We want the sector not just to survive, but to thrive.
My hon.
Friend spoke about the support we have provided to the sector to date.
We have provided hundreds of millions of pounds of support to British Steel to deal with its emissions, and over £730 million in energy cost relief to the steel sector since 2013.
We have put the supercharger in place, as well as the steel procurement policy note, which does its very best to ensure that we procure more steel here in the UK.
We have provided support to Tata to ensure that that part of the country can continue to make steel and to protect those jobs, and we have provided support to Celsa.
My hon.
Friend talked about the support we are providing to North Lincolnshire generally—there is a huge amount of support there.
Since 2018, the Government have committed over £200 million in investment in the north and north-east Lincolnshire area.
I cannot say much more at this time because we are in the middle of live negotiations that are commercially sensitive.
When British Steel put out its press release, that was the first time I saw it, but we must recognise that it was a proposal; many things have to fall into place for such proposals to become accurate plans—not only will there be issues around planning, but our negotiations have to conclude as well.
I do not doubt that I will continue to lean on my hon.
Friend, and that she will continue to champion steelworkers in her constituency and across the country.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
I thank  the hon.
Member for Scunthorpe (Holly Mumby-Croft)  for securing this urgent question, at what will be a very difficult time for her constituents.
The Labour party supports the transition to green steel.
We recognise, as the Government have now conceded, that a blend of public and private funding is necessary to do that.
We believe electric arc furnaces are part of the solution, but we do not believe they can be the only solution.
Specifically, we believe that the retention of primary or virgin steelmaking in the United Kingdom is a matter of economic necessity and of national security.
While we all welcome the return of steelmaking to Redcar, which should never have been taken away to begin with, this will clearly mean very significant job losses at Scunthorpe.
I therefore have major concerns about this announcement, coming, as it does, just after the Government have confirmed a deal to also close the blast furnaces at Port Talbot.
First, the Minister said in her answer to her hon.
Friend that talks are ongoing.
I have to say that that is not my understanding of the current status of this deal.
Could she confirm that, please?
Secondly, is it true that carbon capture technology could not be pursued at Scunthorpe because of delays from the Government to the necessary infrastructure over the last 13 years and uncertainty about a future business model?
In addition, is it correct to say that a DRI—direct reduced iron—solution could not go forward because of uncertainty over the Government plans for green hydrogen, which would obviously be essential for a DRI business model?
Thirdly, do the Government recognise the figure of  2,000 job losses, and will the Minister confirm that this is the net figure covering Scunthorpe and Redcar—in other words, that once recruitment at Redcar is taken into account, job losses in Scunthorpe will likely be in excess of 2,000?
Finally, will she confirm how much public money this announcement involves?
Most of all, I reiterate to the Minister that decarbonisation cannot mean deindustrialisation; we cannot simply outsource our emissions to other countries, call that progress and expect public support for the transition.