We need a Government who are prepared to use both a carrot and a stick, and we need a Government who are prepared to put out the necessary information and enable it to be pooled—and I would say, yet again, that councils are best placed to do that.
E3G has found that raising the energy standard to C rating for privately  rented homes would save bill payers about £570 a year.
The Government should hold firm, and help landlords to meet these targets and keep homes warm this winter.
Since the last King’s Speech, we have not reduced our dependence on oil and gas, we have not allowed households to make more sustainable choices, we have not put out that important piece of education that people need, we have not organised the citizens’ assemblies for the sharing of information that we require so urgently, and we have not protected households from rising energy bills.
Too many households face another difficult winter.
The Government’s failure to deliver is becoming their trademark, and judging by the King’s speech that will not change any time soon, although I still hold out hope that it will.
The Government should prove me wrong—or right.
Let me make some progress before I take interventions.
Earlier this year, we announced the largest ever investment in childcare in England’s history.
Very soon, we will be spending £8 billion a year.
That investment will ensure that every child gets the best start in life.
It means that working parents will be entitled to 30 hours of free childcare from the end of parental leave until their child starts school.
To give parents the flexibility they need, we are rolling out universal wraparound childcare for primary school children from 8 am to 6 pm.
These Conservative policies will end the choice that some working mums and dads feel they need to make between having a family and having a career, and it will save parents up to £6,500 a year.
The generation having children now will not remember what was on offer under Labour, but let me remind the House: 13 years of Labour delivered only 12.5 hours of free childcare for some three and four-year-olds.
That is less than one hour for every year in office.
Our childcare package gives people wanting to start a family the confidence to do so.
May I invite  the right hon.
Member for Ashton-under-Lyne (Angela Rayner) , when she stands at the Dispatch Box, to finally offer Labour’s support for our record childcare investment?
Can she tell hard-working parents in Wales why her party is not rolling out the same support that English parents will benefit from?
I know that the right hon.
Lady, like me, did not grow up with privilege.
I have heard her speak eloquently and passionately about the help and support she received from Sure Start, and I know she was grateful for that support.
I am sure there were many positives from that programme—indeed, my best friend used to run a Sure Start centre—but there were also some serious failings in the design and delivery.
First, Sure Start was not a universal offer, and it stigmatised people who used the services.
Plus, it only helped families for the first five years of a child’s life, but any parent will say that challenges can arise at any time. [
Interruption.]
This is important: the National Audit Office found that Sure Start had failed to target the most disadvantaged families and was even unable to identify families needing support in the most disadvantaged 30% of communities.
It simply did not reach the right people.
When we launched our family hubs programme, we ensured that the hubs provided a service to anyone who needed it.
They are supporting families with everything from mental health to breastfeeding, and housing and debt services—challenges that many of us need support with.
The service is universal, available to anyone.