We hear from Tory Ministers that they hope to attract more investment in renewables, but their words do not match their actions.
We cannot afford for our Government to miss any more of their own targets.
That, too, should be part of our education—that if we say we will do something, we should actually deliver.
We must take people with us on the green transition, and education is the first step.
There are so many untapped opportunities.
UK solar power deployment is already significantly behind target.
The smart export guarantee should incentivise households to invest in solar panels by allowing them to sell the excess electricity they produce back to the grid at a better price and recover the cost of their investment much faster.
Again, educating householders in how they can invest in the net zero transition is an important part of the puzzle.
If we do not communicate properly with our citizens about what they can do to tackle the climate crisis, where will we be?
Under the current system, it takes decades for householders to break even.
Householders are confused, and we need to ensure that there are trusted sources where they can obtain information about how to tackle the climate crisis and break down the barriers that we are discussing today.
There must be that change to bring about the revolution in rooftop solar that carries so many benefits for people and the planet.
The cheapest energy is the energy that we do not use, and reducing energy waste will lower bills and cut carbon emissions.
We urgently need to upgrade our housing stock to guarantee warm and comfortable homes for everyone, long into the future.
One in four private renters live in fuel poverty, and 1.6 million children are living in privately rented cold, damp or mouldy homes.
Landlords have contacted me saying that they cannot afford to upgrade their properties to energy-efficient standards.
That, too, is just a bit of education, a bit of knowledge that we must share as a matter of urgency.
I believe that local councils are best placed to be the trusted sources of that type of information, but the Government must see them as partners and people to engage with, and give them the opportunities and resources that they need in order to share the information that is so badly needed in our communities.
Some subsidy schemes are available to landlords, but they are not open to all landlords and they can be difficult to access.
We Liberal Democrats propose that all landlords should be allowed to offset their spending on insulation and energy-saving improvements against their income tax.
Only through well-targeted incentives for landlords will we make the difference for tenants who are struggling to pay their bills.
If the Government disagree with our proposals, I ask them to suggest an alternative.
All we have seen so far is that from 2025 landlords will no longer need to meet the energy performance certificate C standard.
There has been yet more delay.
When will we see action to ensure that families do not live in poor-quality housing that is badly insulated, making their energy bills more expensive?
We need the landlords on board.
We need a Government who are prepared to use both a carrot and a stick, and we need a Government who are prepared to put out the necessary information and enable it to be pooled—and I would say, yet again, that councils are best placed to do that.
E3G has found that raising the energy standard to C rating for privately  rented homes would save bill payers about £570 a year.
The Government should hold firm, and help landlords to meet these targets and keep homes warm this winter.