Labour has an industrial strategy for green steel; why does she not have one as well?
I simply do not recognise the picture that the hon.
Lady paints.
Our recent decision on Tata Steel was welcomed by UK Steel, the organisation representing the UK sector, which said that it was the way forward.
UK Steel itself has a net zero strategy, and wants to see the transition proceed apace.
Decisions have been just left to sit there, but now we are able to provide the support that is needed.
What we did in Port Talbot has saved thousands of jobs and allowed the adoption of new technology which will, indeed, create thousands of jobs as well.
Last Wednesday morning, Tata Steel executives in Port Talbot summoned the workforce to tell them of the plan to shut down our entire virgin steel making capability by March 2024.
This was utterly shocking, because the understanding had always been that some of the heavy end would continue to function while the electric arc furnace was being constructed, but it takes years to construct an electric arc furnace.
The plan is utter madness: it involves importing millions of tonnes of steel from the other side of the world.
Electric arc furnaces need the products of virgin steel making, such as iron and iron ore—that is why we need direct reduced iron capability—and the loss of 3,000 jobs over a period like that is completely unacceptable and unnecessary.
When the Government did the deal with Tata Steel about Port Talbot, did they know that Tata was actually proposing not a transition at all, but a potentially lethal cliff edge for our steel industry?
Did they know that Tata would be doing that?
Does the Minister not agree that the idea of this process is that it should be a transition?
It needs to be a bridge, not a potentially lethal cliff edge.
Tata Steel employs more than 8,000 people and 12,500 further in the supply chain.
All of that would have been at risk if we had not been able to provide the certainty it needed to increase its investment to over £1 billion to allow it to transition.
These are commercial decisions relating to the pace of transition.
The hon.
Gentleman knows that there is a transition board in place because he is a member.
If there has been a failure in consultation at the level and depth of time required, there is no doubt that he and I will take that up as we will both be at the next transition board meeting.
The reality is that to ensure the long-term viability of steel in the UK, some tricky decisions have to be made, but the company was provided with support to make sure that it transitioned in a way that supported local jobs, knowing that it had to transition and support the supply chain.
I thank the Minister for her responses.
We have committed to a net zero target, but consideration must be given to the potential loss of 1,500 to 2,000 jobs, which could be gone from the industry.
We have been told that the two furnace closures could put further employment at risk for many.
What steps will be taken to ensure that the steel sector and industry jobs throughout the whole of the United Kingdom will be protected?
I had a meeting this morning where it was confirmed to me that the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland is No.
7 in the world for manufacturing.
If that is the case, steel is a key part of that.
The hon.
Member for Scunthorpe (Holly Mumby-Croft)  is to be congratulated on bringing forward this urgent question.
Really, Minister, we need to make sure that the industry can be retained and not reduced at all.