Friend  the Member for Scunthorpe (Holly Mumby-Croft)  for her passionate support for steelmaking in her constituency?
Just yesterday at the Dispatch Box, the Prime Minister said that even when we get to net zero, we will still need to have oil and gas supplies.
Does the same logic not apply to primary steel?
We will still need that at net zero.
Does that logic not extend to making sure we have the capability to make primary steel in this country to supply our needs in the future?
I agree on both points: first, on the incredible work that my hon.
Friend the Member for Scunthorpe does for steelworkers in her constituency; and secondly, that we cannot achieve net zero without a mix of steel being manufactured in the UK.
We have a booming renewables sector, whether that is solar panels, blades for offshore wind farms, or electric vehicles.
Much of that steel can be produced by electric arc furnaces, but my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Tunbridge Wells (Greg Clark)  is absolutely right that there is a space for virgin steel, too.
I call the Chair of the Business and Trade Committee.
I am grateful to  the hon.
Member for Scunthorpe (Holly Mumby-Croft)  for securing this urgent question.
The Minister is in peril of presiding over the end of primary steelmaking in this country and the curtain falling on 300 years of Britain’s industrial history.
The announcement comes at a time when an analysis shows that the Department’s budget is set for a 16% real-terms cut in the years ahead.
Is it the policy of His Majesty’s Government that blast furnaces will stay in operation in our country and that we will not be dependent on imports of primary steel?
When can we expect a conclusion to the negotiations and some safeguarding of the vital industry either at Tata or at British Steel?
I congratulate the new Chair of the Business and Trade Committee, of which I was previously a member.
As I have made clear, these are commercial negotiations and they are ongoing.
When the decision was taken on Port Talbot, discussions had taken place for several years—even decades.
This will not take that long, but my point is that many Ministers have stood at the Dispatch Box talking about steel and doing what can be done to protect and promote the steel sector in the UK.
The negotiations are ongoing.
British Steel’s statement on Monday contained proposals and a plan—nothing is concluded yet.
My focus, as our focus has always been, is on protecting the steel sector in the UK, protecting steel jobs in the UK and doing  everything we can to procure more British steel in UK manufacturing.
Of course, that continues.
These are commercial decisions about how companies wish to continue their business going forward.
I have made it clear that fundamentally there needs to be a mix of steel produced in the UK in the steel market, but the reality is this.
First, steel produced in electric arc furnaces is far more nimble because of the technology, and it can be used for many more materials in advanced manufacturing than previously—that is a fact.
Secondly, manufacturers, customers and consumers fundamentally want a cleaner, greener steel package.
It is not just me saying that at the Dispatch Box; it is also the UK steel industry representatives who have put together a net zero strategy and are talking about having cleaner, greener steel going forward.
We have a lot of scrap steel in the UK that can be recycled, and we have far more capacity to recycle that than we have for that steel to be used in UK manufacturing, but, fundamentally, we need to have a mix.
I believe that that mix will continue as long as it can and should, but these are commercial decisions.
We continue to negotiate with British Steel.