As I said, I am more than happy to look at individual cases.
The eligibility criteria in these pathways are clear, and officials are working hard to ensure that they are as inclusive as they can be, but I will always look at personal cases and I look forward to receiving an email from the hon.
Gentleman.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Business and Trade if she will make a statement on the announcement made by British Steel on  6 November , and provide an update on the negotiations between British Steel and the Government, and on the Government’s position on virgin steelmaking in the UK.
Steel is vital to the UK economy.
I fully recognise the importance of British Steel to local communities, particularly in my hon.
Friend’s Scunthorpe constituency, where the company is a major contributor to local economic growth, and where she campaigns incredibly hard for steelworkers.
Global conditions have been tough for steel companies around the world.
That is why we have changed the competitive landscape for British Steel and other energy-intensive industries by announcing the British industry supercharger—a decisive package of measures to reduce the long-term electricity price gap that exists between UK energy-intensive industries and competitor countries.
That support will mean that strategically significant UK industries, such as steel, are safeguarded against the high industrial electricity prices that they have faced in too many recent years.
We have also provided over £730 million in energy costs relief to the steel sector since 2013, in addition to the energy bill relief scheme.
Steel producers will continue to receive support until  31 March 2024  through the energy bills discount scheme.
As my hon.
Friend is aware, the Government made an extremely generous offer of support to British Steel earlier this year to help it to invest in a decarbonised and sustainable future.
We have continued to work intensively with British Steel since then and will continue to do so.
However, she will also understand that the detail of those conversations remains highly commercially confidential and that any public discussion risks undermining talks.
I know that this must be a deeply concerning time for British Steel employees and others in Scunthorpe following the company’s announcement on Monday of its plans for future operations.
I can very much assure my hon.
Friend that we will help affected workers and their families, and that we are committed to finding solutions to enable the ongoing sustainable and decarbonised production of steel.
Just last month, for example, we announced a £1.25 billion joint-investment package with Tata Steel to secure a decarbonised future for steelmaking in Wales.
That has the potential to safeguard several thousand jobs across the UK.
In 2020, the Government provided an emergency loan to Celsa Steel to help it continue trading during the covid pandemic, saving over 1,500 jobs, with a further 300 jobs created since the loan was made.
I stand absolutely unapologetically with steelmakers and my community today, and I do not support these moves.
In this Chamber on  18 September , I asked the Minister for Industry whether she agreed that we need to retain a virgin steelmaking capability in the UK for strategic reasons alone.
She said
“obviously, we need a place for virgin steel”—[Official Report,  18 September 2023 ; Vol.
737, c. 1125.]—
and that that place was Scunthorpe.
That was reiterated the very same day by the Secretary of State, and so pleased was I with the comments that she made that I took contemporaneous notes of that conversation.
British Steel is a private company and can make business decisions as it sees fit, but I am clear that if it is seeking hundreds of millions of pounds of public money, the Government must leverage that money to protect steelworkers’ jobs and maintain our sovereign capability to make steel in the UK.
Electric arc furnaces melt scrap; to make virgin steel from scratch, we need blast furnaces.