(Urgent Question): To ask the Home Secretary if she will make a statement on the evacuation of Afghans from Pakistan.
I thank the hon.
Lady for her question.
The Government have reacted decisively and swiftly to relocate people to safety in the United Kingdom following the collapse of Afghanistan the year before last.
The UK Government remain committed to relocating eligible Afghans and their families under the Afghan relocations and assistance policy and the Afghan citizens resettlement scheme, and we will continue to honour that promise.
The Government’s policy, rightly, was to ensure that eligible Afghan families had secured accommodation in the UK before travel was facilitated for their relocation.
We wanted to give them the best possible start to their new lives, to provide the best value for money for the taxpayer, and to ensure Afghans were integrated into UK society in the best manner available.
However, developments in the region have impacted our security assessments and previous assumptions.
That has led to the Government’s removing the need for settled accommodation for individuals eligible under ARAP prior to relocation to the United Kingdom.
The safety and security of ARAP-eligible Afghans has always been of paramount importance and we make no apology at all for changing the policy to react to the changing context.
The Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office and the Ministry of Defence continue to work to ensure that eligible individuals under the ARAP and the ACR scheme are supported in Pakistan.
The safety and security of ARAP and ACRS-eligible Afghans is paramount in our minds.
The MOD continues to monitor the security assessments in that country, but following this cross-Government decision the Prime Minister has asked me to co-ordinate across Government to support the MOD in developing a new relocations plan for ARAP-eligible persons.
As Members know, previously the policy was that only those who had secured accommodation in the United Kingdom would travel to the United Kingdom.
We are changing that policy as a result of changing conditions on the ground.
The MOD has worked hard to stand up a total of more than 700 service family accommodations for mixed purposes, or transitory and settled accommodation.
I pay tribute to the Minister for Armed Forces, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Wells (James Heappey) , for his work on that.
Our new plans will see approximately 2,800 ARAP-entitled personnel moved from Pakistan to the United Kingdom by the end of December 2023.
Entitled personnel may move straight into settled accommodation on the MOD.
Where service family accommodation is unavailable, families will move into transitional accommodation as a first step.
Where SFA is not suited to the needs of ARAP-entitled personnel, alternative accommodation will be procured.
This Prime Minister and this Government are determined to see through our commitments to those who served with the UK forces in Afghanistan.
I commend this statement to the House.
Thank you for granting this urgent question, Mr Speaker.
I am afraid that the Minister’s answer gives no reassurance whatsoever to constituents who have contacted me in a state of extreme panic over the last few weeks.
Members have had no information on what is currently happening.
It has been clear for some time that Pakistan aims to expel Afghans, who went there for safety, back to Afghanistan.
I have been trying to get clarity on how many people there are in Pakistan to whom we have a duty and an obligation, and who are waiting for the UK Government simply to process their paperwork so that they can leave and come to their families here in the UK.
I have not had those answers from the Minister.
One constituent contacted me whose sister and her five children have been threatened with imprisonment in Pakistan if they do not leave.
Her other family members—her parents, her brother and her cousin—have been returned to Afghanistan, and she cannot contact them.