However, I am particularly interested in the hotel and, if that situation is ongoing today, I will sort it out.
I have been contacted by multiple constituents who arrived in the UK via the ARAP scheme.
They are extremely worried about their relatives, the hardship they have experienced and the threat of danger with the recent events in Pakistan.
These cases range from somebody who worked for the British armed forces for eight years, a family member who is pregnant and has two children, and a judge who has previously imprisoned members of the Taliban.
Will the Minister agree to look at those cases, and will he also say whether he has the resources to resolve these matters urgently?
I will look at every case.
There is no policy decision to block those who are entitled to be in the UK from being in the UK.
Many of us take this personally, and we will see this duty through.
Of course I will look at every case and ensure that a decision is made fairly.
There are individuals in the Ministry of Defence who are under extreme pressure and working incredibly hard to try to meet this challenge.
It is very difficult.
I am more than happy to look at cases again, but I do not want people to go away thinking that there is some blanket decision to reject these applicants and not to allow them the protections we promised then.
That is categorically not the case and I am more than happy to look at individual situations.
My constituent’s parents fled Afghanistan for Pakistan.
On appeal, they were granted adult dependent relative visas to join their family here, but before that decision was made, their Pakistan visa expired and they were forced to return to Afghanistan.
Due to their being Hazaras, the fear of travel, their disabilities and medical needs, and the policy of the Pakistan Government, they cannot return to Pakistan to collect their paperwork to travel to the UK.
Will the Government consider issuing some form of digital visa or travel document, so that they can fly to the UK and join their family here?
I am more than happy, as I have said, to look at individual cases.
We are dealing with competing pressures here of UK visas and Pakistan visas running out, but I can only reiterate what I have said: where there is a duty to these people, we will see it through, and I will work night and day to achieve that endeavour.
I thank the Minister for his answers to our questions.
Last time, I asked him about a specific family, and we sent the information through.
I want to reinforce the point about the forced deportation of that gentleman and his family, who are also Hazaras.
In his job, he assisted the British Army for seven to eight years.
For 18 months, I have been endeavouring to get them into the United Kingdom because of the risk of harm to them as targeted attacks continue.
Just this morning, it has been reported that there was an attack on a bus taking people from Pakistan back into Afghanistan—it was blown up.
The danger is clear—for me, anyway; I see it very simply.
This cannot continue for that gentleman, his wife and their four children.
We have a job for them, a house for them and a future for them.
We just need the Minister’s help.
Will he help me?
The hon.
Gentleman has already written to me about a case, which I think we have resolved.
As I said, I am more than happy to look at individual cases.
The eligibility criteria in these pathways are clear, and officials are working hard to ensure that they are as inclusive as they can be, but I will always look at personal cases and I look forward to receiving an email from the hon.
Gentleman.