Member for Scunthorpe (Holly Mumby-Croft)  and others: are the Government really going to settle for recycled steel and foreign imports, and consign virgin steelmaking in the UK to history?
Recycled steel can be recycled infinite times, so it does a huge amount for the circular economy.
Because of the way technology has moved on, steel can now be used in many more sectors.
We have a huge surplus of scrap steel, which we end up exporting to countries such as Turkey, Bangladesh and Pakistan.
We could be reusing that in the UK economy.
But as I said, these are commercial decisions and nothing has been concluded.
The statement put out by British Steel was a plan or a proposal.
Does the Minister not accept that it is a matter of national security that we should retain the ability to create primary steel in this country?
I have put it on record previously that we need to ensure that we have blast furnace capacity in the UK, and that, fundamentally, should be at the Scunthorpe site.
There are matters involving national security—for  instance, the anxieties about steel dumping from China and the issues emanating from Russia—and as we continue to manufacture at pace, we need to be able to ensure that we have access to steel manufactured here in the UK.
Some of the mightiest structures made of steel were built in my constituency, in the Nigg yard—I worked there myself once upon a time.
The hon.
Member for Scunthorpe (Holly Mumby-Croft)  talked about the strategic importance of the industry.
May I point out to the Government that it is as important to my constituency in the far north of Scotland as it is to any other parts of our great United Kingdom?
I cannot disagree with that.
I have been reading up on Scunthorpe steel: it has been used to create structures ranging from the Sydney Harbour Bridge to the London Eye, which demonstrates the breadth and the depth of its history.
The feedstock for the Trostre tinplate works in Llanelli is steel of a quality that can currently only be produced in the blast furnace process.
Following the devastating news that Port Talbot blast furnaces will be closed by the end of March, leaving Trostre dependent on imported steel—quite possibly produced to lower environmental standards abroad, and certainly not saving on emissions—may I ask the Minister to stop just quoting commercial decisions, and tell us what strategy the Government have to develop the green technologies of the future here in the UK and to keep virgin steel production here as well?
I had a feeling that I had mentioned that a few times.
We have a fund of about £1.5 million, partly aimed to ensure that we are adopting, testing and commercialising new technologies to enable the steel sector to decarbonise.
We have done a huge amount of work on electricity and we are also considering the possibilities of hydrogen, so we are looking into alternative sources of energy to help the sector in the UK.
I know there are challenges for places such as the hon.
Lady’s constituency because of the sort of steel that they need, but the fact remains that more and more different types of steel can be made to a high standard and a high grade in electric arc furnaces.
The move to net zero should deliver tens of thousands of long-term, well-paid, green industrial jobs, but with her Government’s sticking-plaster policies the Minister is destroying both jobs and sovereign national capability.
Is it really her intention to leave behind her a British steel sector that cannot make British virgin steel, and if not, what is her plan?
Labour has an industrial strategy for green steel; why does she not have one as well?
I simply do not recognise the picture that the hon.
Lady paints.