That was reiterated the very same day by the Secretary of State, and so pleased was I with the comments that she made that I took contemporaneous notes of that conversation.
British Steel is a private company and can make business decisions as it sees fit, but I am clear that if it is seeking hundreds of millions of pounds of public money, the Government must leverage that money to protect steelworkers’ jobs and maintain our sovereign capability to make steel in the UK.
Electric arc furnaces melt scrap; to make virgin steel from scratch, we need blast furnaces.
Can the Minister tell the House how the UK will make virgin steel if all our blast furnaces are decommissioned?
Can she tell us how many countries in the G20 are unable to make their own virgin steel?
Would the Government be comfortable with us being entirely dependent on foreign imports for the virgin steel we will continue to need in this country?
Will any financial support offered to British Steel seek guarantees on steel jobs and lock in, as a minimum, an interim period of blast furnace production to allow us to explore green options to run them?
Did the Government know that this announcement from British Steel was imminent?
When will I get a response to my letter of  29 September  to the Secretary of State?
Why did the Department not contact me until 5 pm on Monday, when I was sent simply a short text message?
What support is the Minister offering our excellent North Lincolnshire Council, which is proactively working with British Steel to bring additional green jobs on to the site?
This Government have a good record on steel—they have paid workers’ wages.
Can the Minister confirm that steel remains high on the Government’s agenda?
I have 3,500 of the world’s finest steelmakers in my constituency.
It is my privilege to come out and bat for them today.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, for allowing this urgent question.
My hon.
Friend makes lots of very credible points—there is very little for me to disagree with.
She does indeed make representations at the highest levels of Government, and her priority has always been steelworkers; she has never played politics with that role.
I put on record my apologies if I have not done due diligence and provided the public service that she should have received by being contacted much sooner on that particular day.
There is nothing she could say that I would not be telling myself off for even more, and I hope I will not fall short in communications going forward.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right: I did indeed say at the Dispatch Box that my personal opinion is that there is a strong place for virgin steel production in this country, and that, of course, is in her constituency.
We are in the middle of live negotiations, and any decision taken by British Steel is a commercial decision.
My hon.
Friend is also right that we are able to carry out due diligence on any support we provide; it is taxpayers’ money, and our primary focus is to safeguard the sector and jobs, including in her constituency.
My hon.
Friend is right to note that we have prioritised the UK steel sector, and we will continue to do so.
We need to provide it with support as it transitions, because that is also a choice being made by manufacturers, customers and consumers who are looking for greener steel going forward.
Any decision we take and any support  we provide will be to ensure that the sector is sustainable and competitive.
We want the sector not just to survive, but to thrive.
My hon.
Friend spoke about the support we have provided to the sector to date.