Since  21 October , a limited number of trucks of aid have crossed into the strip, but the volume going through the Rafah checkpoint is nowhere near enough to meet civilian needs and it cannot be, even were it operating at full capacity.
We are therefore urgently exploring with partners measures that can help to increase the flow of humanitarian support.
These measures must include effective humanitarian pauses, as agreed by all the G7 countries in Tokyo this morning, and we are urging Israel to consider utilising the facilities at other land border crossings into Gaza, such as Kerem Shalom.
This reflects our current assessment that delivery by land remains the only safe option to deliver aid in the quantity needed in Gaza while ensuring the necessary control and oversight.
Control and oversight matters, given the absolute imperative of ensuring that aid reaches those in need and is not diverted or misused.
Aid diversion is a real risk—more so during conflicts—and I will set out to the House how we are managing those risks.
All UK aid undergoes rigorous oversight.
No funding goes to Hamas or the Palestinian Authority.
Our humanitarian programme in the Occupied Palestinian Territories already operates with enhanced sensitivity, with the Government having introduced additional safeguards in 2017.
They include measures to verify and map downstream partners, non-payment of local taxes, and enhanced due-diligence processes.
We constantly review the due-diligence assessments in place with all partners involved in delivering aid in the Occupied Palestinian Territories.
The whole House recognises, however, that to prevent further conflict and terrorism and truly alleviate civilian suffering, there must be a political solution to the conflict.
This issue is uniquely polarising.
We have seen across the world and in our own communities its potential to radicalise.
The long-standing British position on the middle east process is unchanged: we want to see a safe and secure Israel living alongside a viable and sovereign Palestinian state.
The urgency of a political track—extraordinarily difficult today—has never been more clear.
Both Israelis and Palestinians have a right to live in peace and security.
We have moral clarity over Israel’s right to self-defence and we reject all forms of antisemitism, but we are also committed to discharging our moral duty to alleviate the suffering of ordinary Palestinians and we reject all forms of Islamophobia.
The current turmoil must act as a further impulse towards realising a peaceful future for the region, and the UK will be doing all it can to achieve that.
I commend this statement to the House.
I call the shadow Minister.
I thank the Minister for the copy of his statement and for his call last night.