Friend’s constituents.
Let me explain the way that we worked on Port Talbot.
We were keen to ensure that any support we provided continued to guarantee jobs, in consultation with local stakeholders and the unions.
We set aside a fund of around £100 million to ensure that people were reskilled and redeployed.
That work will continue if circumstances require it.
We are anxious about jobs.
These are highly skilled workers, recognised internationally, and these are well-paid jobs.
That is why negotiations are sensitive and continue at pace.
If we provide support, we want to get the best deal for UK steelworkers.
The Minister will know that Shotton steelworks rely on steel from Port Talbot.
What assurances can she give on the supply of steel between the closure of the blast furnaces and the installation of new electric arc furnaces?
While negotiations were ongoing and support was being provided, we had a conversation to ensure that the supply chain continues to be resilient.
A taskforce has been set up to ensure that supply chains continue to get support, working with the unions, Tata and the local community.
We have been assured that supply chains will continue to secure the contracts that have been in place.
Supporting British Steel need not be just about money; it can be about ensuring that the Government are joining the dots for industry and explaining the pipeline of work available to it.
With the Dreadnought and SSN-AUKUS programmes, we have generations of need for virgin steel.
The same goes for the new nuclear programme.
Will my hon.
Friend confirm that the Government are doing that work and signalling to British Steel that the demand is there?
Also, where we have control over procurement, are we ensuring that we lean towards the British market?
Absolutely.
That is why procurement went up by £97 million recently.
I was looking at what the industry group UK Steel reflected on when it came to  steel produced by electric arc furnaces—the reality is that a substantial amount of speciality military-grade steel can be manufactured using electric arc furnaces.
We are working very closely with the steel sector to do everything we can to ensure that it secures UK contracts.
The Minister seems to be ignoring events in south Wales last week.
I met steelworkers from Llanwern last week, who understandably are deeply worried following speculation about the closure of the blast furnaces at Port Talbot.
What conditions were attached to the £500 million grant agreed with Tata?
Was this the agreed plan?
What are the Government actually doing to safeguard jobs?
We put in place a programme of work and a substantial sum of money—around £100 million—to ensure that the transition took place in a just fashion.
Decisions will be taken by the transition board—as has been mentioned—about providing upskilling and reskilling and ensuring that there are assurances in the supply chain.
The board is made up of the Secretary of State for Wales, the Minister for the Economy of Wales, the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities, and  the hon.
Member for Aberavon (Stephen Kinnock) , who chairs the all-party parliamentary group for steel and metal related industries.
Those decisions will be taken locally and in consultation.
The Government have supported a coalmine in west Cumbria that will produce coking coal, which is used in steel production.
Does the Minister agree that it would be sensible for strategic reasons—which should override commercial reasons—to retain virgin steel production capacity in this country, and that from a practical perspective the coal mined in Cumbria could be used in the production of steel in Scunthorpe?
Will she take into consideration the wider issues in the policy decisions that she may make?
Absolutely.