The hon.
Member for Scunthorpe (Holly Mumby-Croft)  is to be congratulated on bringing forward this urgent question.
Really, Minister, we need to make sure that the industry can be retained and not reduced at all.
That is why the support was so substantial to Port Talbot, to ensure that the steel sector could continue to thrive here in the UK.
Manufacturing in the  UK is booming.
We are the eighth largest manufacturer in the world and we need to get our goods fundamentally from the UK, including steel.
The hon.
Gentleman is right to say that we cannot achieve net zero without steel, but we can help steelmaking to become even more green and clean than it is at the moment.
Does the Minister accept that this news gives up on the UK’s capability to produce primary steel?
I do not, because it was a plan or proposal put out by British Steel.
We have not concluded negotiations.
This is a question of national security.
It is not just a commercial decision.
A specific question was asked of the Minister by the shadow Secretary of State on job losses specifically in Scunthorpe.
Is that figure of 2,000 correct?
Negotiations have not concluded.
We are continuing to be in intensive talks with British Steel.
We wish to provide the support that is needed to support the steel sector and steel jobs but negotiations will continue.
We need to make sure that due diligence is done and that we get value for money for taxpayers, whose money we are going to put on the table.
But look at what we achieved at Port Talbot—a sector that was unable to confirm its future until we provided it with the financial support that it needed.
With permission, Mr Deputy Speaker, I would like to update the House on the humanitarian situation in the Occupied Palestinian Territories.
A tragedy is unfolding.
Israel has suffered the worst terrorist attack in its history.
Palestinian civilians in Gaza are experiencing a devastating humanitarian crisis and violence is rising in the west bank.
The best estimates emerging from a confused situation are that 2.3 million people need access to safe drinking water, food supplies are running out, one third of hospitals have been forced to shut down and 1.5 million people are displaced.
I know that the whole House shares my pain at seeing so many innocent lives destroyed on and since  7 October .
Britain is working intensively to get more aid into Gaza, to support the safe return of hostages and British nationals, to back Israel’s right to self-defence and to prevent a dangerous regional escalation.
My right hon.
Friends the Prime Minister and the Foreign Secretary have been engaging extensively and Lord Ahmad has been constantly in the region.
This morning I met a group of charities and non-governmental organisations involved in getting life-saving support into Gaza.
I spoke yesterday to the Jordanian, Lebanese and Egyptian ambassadors and early this morning once again to Martin Griffiths.
I wish also to pay tribute to our diplomats and development experts who are striving to make a difference in the most difficult of circumstances.
Despite the many challenges, the whole Government are determined to do all that we can to continue to stand up for what is right and do the right thing.
Immediately after Hamas’s brutal assault, the Government brought home almost 1,000 British nationals safely on charter and military flights, but the safety of all British nationals is our utmost priority, so we are in regular contact with those in Gaza registered with us since the conflict began.
Working with partners, we have been engaging intensively with Israel and Egypt to allow foreign nationals to leave Gaza via the Rafah border crossing.
This has proved possible on five of the last seven days, and I can confirm to the House that, as of late last night, more than 150 British nationals had made it through to Egypt.