I have been contacted by multiple constituents who arrived in the UK via the ARAP scheme.
They are extremely worried about their relatives, the hardship they have experienced and the threat of danger with the recent events in Pakistan.
These cases range from somebody who worked for the British armed forces for eight years, a family member who is pregnant with two children, and a judge who has previously been in prison under the Taliban.
Will the Minister agree to look at those cases, and will he also say whether he has the resources to resolve these matters urgently?
The Government are out of ideas and without direction, either unwilling or unable to make the big decisions to give us a brighter future.
What a wasted opportunity, especially when it comes to action to tackle the nature and climate crisis.
What better opportunity was there to empower communities and businesses to break down barriers to tackle the biggest issue of our generation?
I am pleased that the Government announced recently that they will introduce a nature GCSE, but considering the abysmal nature of what was in the King’s Speech on tackling the climate crisis, it seems to me that the Prime Minister should be the first person to take it.
Climate education should not stop with schools; local authorities could organise citizens’ assemblies, as we have proposed many times.
There are so many opportunities to educate people about the dangers of our not getting this right and failing to reach our 1.5° target by 2050, but those on the Government Front Bench continue to ignore them.
They continue, too, to ignore the opportunities that would arise from a green transition.
A nature or climate GCSE could grow the careers and skills we need to tackle the climate emergency and get to net zero, but this Government’s attitude is that everyone except them must meet their commitments.
Rather than protecting our children’s future, the Government are protecting the interests of the fossil fuel giants.
How can they seriously claim to be leaders on net zero action while introducing legislation to hold annual oil and gas licensing rounds?
That is particularly shocking when compared with their unforgivable failure to allocate a single new contract for difference for onshore wind farms in the recent auction round.
I would like to hear how the new legislation will bring down energy bills for a single one of my constituents.
Research from Uplift confirms that most of the oil produced at Rosebank will be shipped abroad and sold on the global market to the highest bidder; it will secure the future of the oil and gas giants, but not the UK’s energy supply.
Not only does the new Offshore Petroleum Licensing Bill fly in the face of our climate commitments, but it will have wide-ranging and long-term negative impacts on the sustainability of our oceans and marine life.
As I say, we need education on this across the House and across the board in all our communities.
Educating young children is a good start, but it seems to me that a lot more of the older generations need that education too.
When will this Tory Government embrace the clean, green energy of the future and stop delaying our path to net zero?
We need more grid capacity and more Government action to capitalise on green jobs and technology.
New green jobs do not fall out of the sky; they start with proper career options for young people that they can start now so that we can see the energy transformation we need.
We hear from Tory Ministers that they hope to attract more investment in renewables, but their words do not match their actions.
We cannot afford for our Government to miss any more of their own targets.
That, too, should be part of our education—that if we say we will do something, we should actually deliver.