What specifically are the UK Government doing to help the Hazaras stranded in Afghanistan so that they can resettle in a third country, or indeed in the UK, and start a better life?
I completely recognise my hon.
Friend’s passion in this space, but I have to be disciplined about what is in my remit and what is not.
That is a question for the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office, and I know that it is engaged on that issue.
The Foreign Secretary will have heard his question today.
If not, I will make sure that he has seen those remarks and that my hon.
Friend gets an answer.
I am assuming from what the Minister is saying that, since this egregious change in policy, he and his colleagues in Government are having regular discussions with the Government in Pakistan.
During those discussions, have he and others sought any assurances that people in Pakistan who have live applications to come to Britain will not be deported back to Afghanistan?
The entire strategic objective that we are trying to achieve is to make sure that those who are entitled to be in the UK, who have served with UK forces, who are part of the ACRS pathway and who are part of the cohort that we are talking about are not deported back to Afghanistan.
We are working night and day to get those assurances.
I am determined that we will get them and that we will look after those people properly.
I welcome the Minister’s comments and the work that he has done on this topic over the past few years, but I am trying to  understand the resources that he has available to him.
It would be helpful if he could update the House on that point.
May I also ask whether any proportion of the aid budget is likely to be allocated to him for this specific issue?
At this moment, funding on this issue has not been agreed.
Certainly, when I was doing this programme in the summer and clearing the hotels, the budget and resources were not a constraint.
We had a bumpy start and the task was challenging, but we got there in the end: all those hotels were cleared and people were put into accommodation.
The Prime Minister is committed to that, and I know that we will do the same over the next few months.
I have raised before in this Chamber the case of a very talented Afghan man who worked for the British Geological Survey, which has a base in my constituency.
He fled to Pakistan with his daughters, fearing for their lives, but now he has lost all hope.
He was accepted for Pitting but did not make it to the airport, yet he has been cruelly rejected for ARAP, despite having worked for a Department for International Development project.
He kept the British team safe in Afghanistan, and I want to know why we cannot include him and his daughters in the evacuation, before he is handed over to the Taliban.
To be candid with the hon.
and learned Member, I am happy for her to write to me about this case, but staff and civil servants are dealing every day with heartbreaking cases of people who fall either side of the line, and there is no deliberate decision to exclude anybody.
We are trying as best we can in an incredibly difficult environment to respond to the applications and ensure that those who are eligible to be in the United Kingdom are here.
If that individual is eligible for the ARAP scheme, that scheme is still open and he must apply to it.
I am aware that some in the 333 and 444 communities in Afghanistan have been rejected and they are not entirely sure why.
We are re-engaging in that process to ensure that it has integrity, and I am happy to look at the hon.