There is no other major developed country in the world that is giving up its traditional blast furnaces—the only way we can make virgin steel.
Frankly, the Minister did not bother to answer a single one of the brilliant questions from my hon.
Friend  the Member for Scunthorpe (Holly Mumby-Croft) .
Will she now make it clear to the House that this Government are committed, as a major economy, to go on making virgin steel?
Do it now.
As I have said repeatedly at the Dispatch Box, I fundamentally believe we need to have virgin steel capacity in the UK, but these are commercial decisions, and negotiations are continuing.
These are incredibly commercial decisions, and we are doing our very best to support electric and virgin steel capacity in the UK.
We are very much aware of the challenges we have in importing steel and with the global markets when it comes to the price of steel, and that is why we need to make sure we have a mix.
These are commercial decisions, which is why negotiations are ongoing.
Fundamentally, the announcement by British Steel was a proposal—nothing is done yet.
We are still in the middle of negotiations.
I call the Scottish National party spokesperson.
May I begin by expressing my concerns on behalf of the 2,000 workers who are likely to be affected by this announcement?
Also, I re-emphasise, as other contributors have, the importance of virgin steelmaking, not just in terms of security, but in meeting demand in the construction industry, where inflation is already racing ahead and our ability to build things will not be helped by being further away from the supply chain and reducing domestic capacity in steelmaking.
The Energy and Climate Intelligence Unit think-tank has said:
“Ageing blast furnaces need to be replaced and upgraded to produce greener steel…electric arc furnaces have a role in recycling steel”,
but
“failing to invest in modern hydrogen furnaces belies the government’s promises to invest for the longer term.”
Just as in the oil and gas sector, what plans do the UK Government have for a just transition for the steelmaking workforce?
What support will the UK Government be giving to the development of hydrogen furnaces in the UK?
What challenges will they put constructively to British Steel over these plans?
Given the Government’s high-profile retreats on other climate measures, such as the date for banning the sale of internal combustion engine cars, how much faith can the industry have in any guarantees that the Government do make?
Negotiations are ongoing and nothing is concluded.
The statement made by British Steel was a proposal, not a conclusion.
The steel that comes out of electric arc furnaces can be used for a variety of things, including construction and military-grade steel—it is incredibly nimble—but I fully appreciate that different types of steel are produced out of different furnaces.
The hon.
Gentleman spoke about hydrogen, and the Government have a substantial hydrogen strategy that we launched in May 2022.
The net zero hydrogen fund is worth up to £240 million of capital co-investment out  to 2024-25.
That will support upscaled hydrogen production projects, allowing companies, including steel producers, the potential to secure supplies of lower-cost hydrogen.
Ultimately, decarbonisation pathways for specific sites are commercial decisions for individual companies based on their own operational circumstances.
In the case of Port Talbot, it was about timing for using a technology that can be commercialised at scale.
At the moment, for that part of the country, it is electric.
Hydrogen may no doubt be the next stage of technology that is used.
May I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Scunthorpe (Holly Mumby-Croft)  for her passionate support for steelmaking in her constituency?
Just yesterday at the Dispatch Box, the Prime Minister said that even when we get to net zero, we will still need to have oil and gas supplies.
Does the same logic not apply to primary steel?