Does the Minister agree that it would be sensible for strategic reasons—which should override commercial reasons—to retain virgin steel production capacity in this country, and that from a practical perspective the coal mined in Cumbria could be used in the production of steel in Scunthorpe?
Will she take into consideration the wider issues in the policy decisions that she may make?
Absolutely.
I think all of this has made it clear to British Steel that there is a supply chain here in the UK, not only in the ability to make virgin steel but in the market afterwards, but even with electric arc furnaces we still need some ability to access coal.
These are decisions taken across many Whitehall Departments.
My job, fundamentally, is to ensure that steelmaking in the UK continues at the pace that it has done and grows even further, and that we support the manufacturing sector, which requires British steel.
The official march of the Royal Navy includes the words,
“Heart of oak are our ships”.
In the 21st century, virgin steel is the critical industry for the Royal Navy, in the way that timber was in the 18th century.
I am the first to want reduced carbon emissions, but this move sounds more like offshoring than about reducing carbon emissions.
What consideration have the Government given to the supply of steel to the defence industry?
First of all, negotiations continue; no decision has been taken.
Having said that, the UK steel industry group, which oversees the steel sector in the UK, has made it very clear that military-grade speciality steel can be made in electric arc furnaces.
I have been  working incredibly hard to make sure that more UK steel is procured in more UK contracts, including defence contracts.
I commend my hon.
Friend  the Member for Scunthorpe (Holly Mumby-Croft)  for her dogged campaign in respect of steel; she is a real champion for her constituents.
This week’s news is bittersweet, as Teesside welcomes the return of steelmaking.
Will the Minister outline what the whole Government are doing to support my hon.
Friend’s constituents at this time, and what use of carbon capture and storage is being explored to ensure that we continue to produce our own virgin steel?
I of course agree with my hon.
Friend’s first point: there is nobody more vocal about steel than my hon.
Friend  the Member for Scunthorpe (Holly Mumby-Croft) .
We have had a number of programmes in place to support the steel sector, because it has a number of challenges, as it has in many continental European countries.
Fundamentally, Putin’s invasion of Ukraine caused energy costs to skyrocket, and we had in place an energy costs relief scheme for the steel sector, which has been worth up to £730 million since 2013.
We now have the supercharger in place; I have spoken about the steel procurement policy note to ensure that there is more UK steel procured in UK markets; and, obviously, we provided support for Tata recently and Celsa previously.
We are doing everything that we can—with my hon.
Friend the Member for Scunthorpe, of course—to get the best deal possible for Scunthorpe, but these are commercial decisions and they are ongoing.
It is clear from today’s comments that the Government are set to abandon more than 2,000 steelworkers in Scunthorpe, just as they abandoned over 3,000 on Teesside eight years ago.
That said, I too welcome the news of a new arc furnace for Redcar, but let me give the Minister yet another chance to answer the question from  the hon.
Member for Scunthorpe (Holly Mumby-Croft)  and others: are the Government really going to settle for recycled steel and foreign imports, and consign virgin steelmaking in the UK to history?
Recycled steel can be recycled infinite times, so it does a huge amount for the circular economy.
Because of the way technology has moved on, steel can now be used in many more sectors.