I call the Chair of the Home Affairs Committee.
Although I welcome the decision, may I say to the Minister that it would have been much better to tell the House about it in a statement rather than an urgent question?
We all know the huge pressures on accommodation in the United Kingdom and on local councils, so can the Minister say what engagement has taken place with local councils?
What does “transitional accommodation” mean and how does it fit with the Home Office policy of not using hotels?
The policy of not using hotels is absolutely right and remains.
In the summer, there was a huge effort to try to remove that barrier to settling into the United Kingdom and the policy remains.
However, in extremis, that will not be a barrier to people coming to the UK where they are at risk of deportation.
We are going to keep those people safe.
As we speak, we are working up our policy on how to ensure that we integrate this cohort, much as we did in the summer.
Discussions with different Departments are ongoing.
When we have agreed the policy, I will come to the House to share it with everybody.
I hope it will be along similar lines to previous policy, but it requires collective agreement.
We will work hard and go around the houses to ensure that the Afghan families who are in Pakistan but entitled to be here are given every opportunity to settle in the UK.
We have a good record on this and I am determined to keep that going.
As the Minister will know, it was my pleasure to work on the removals around Operation Pitting with colleagues from the Ministry of Defence and the FCDO.
I welcome the steps that the Minister has taken to finally move many of those people out of hotels.
It is no secret that, back in late 2021, I expressed concerns about just putting people into hotels and hoping offers of accommodation would come forward.
Anyone with any knowledge of housing supply knew that the size of the families involved meant that would take some time, so I congratulate him on what he did this summer.
Will he reassure me that we are thinking through what would be suitable family accommodation for the people we are bringing into this  country, and that we will not just be sticking people in hotels intended for businessmen to stay in for a couple of nights rather than for families to live in for months?
What type of accommodation does he have in mind for this cohort?
We will divide up the cohort.
Some of the families are exceptionally large and not what we are used to in this country.
To deal with that, the funding was designed specifically so that we could do really pioneering work, such as knocking through adjoining properties to create properties big enough for Afghan families.
There is a challenge with large Afghan families, but they are not the majority of the cohort.
We can accommodate the majority of the cohort in service family accommodation, but where we cannot do that I am hoping to design schemes that will allow us to use funding in a flexible manner, to ensure that these people are accommodated correctly, in line with the promises we have made to the people of Afghanistan.
There are still outstanding issues with regard to the processing of Afghan cases here and I want to use this occasion to make a special plea to the Minister.
I have a constituent who is a former senator in Afghanistan.
The processing of his case is still being delayed, partly because of some problems about location that we have tried to deal with.
I met him this week and I think he now has serious mental health problems as a result of the stress he is under.