] ``John Mercer Langston Post Office Building'', H.R. 7417, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 135 West Spring Street in Titusville, Pennsylvania, as the ``Edwin L. Drake Post Office Building'', H.R. 7606, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1087 Route 47 South in Rio Grande, New Jersey, as the ``Carlton H. Hand Post Office Building'', H.R. 7607, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at Block 1025, Lots 18 & 19, Northeast Corner of US Route 9 South and Main Street in the Township of Middle, County of Cape May, New Jersey, as the ``George Henry White Post Office Building'', H.R. 7893, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 306 Pickens Street in Marion, Alabama, as the ``Albert Turner, Sr. Post Office Building'', an original bill entitled, ``Taxpayer Resources Used in Emergencies Accountability Act'', an original bill entitled, ``Federal Advisory Committee Database Act'', an original bill entitled, ``Improving Senate Confirmation and Vacancy Oversight Act'', an original bill entitled, ``Modernizing Data Practices to Improve Government Act'', an original bill entitled, ``Eliminate Congressional Records Advisory Committee Act'', an original bill entitled, ``Northern Border Security Enhancement and Review Act'', an original bill entitled, ``Plum Island Preservation Act'', and an original bill entitled, ``Cross-Border Tunnel Report Act''. SD-342 10 a.m. Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Marcus D. Graham, of Tennessee, to be a Member of the Farm Credit Administration Board, and Julie Brinn Siegel, of the District of Columbia, to be a Commissioner of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. SR-328A Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Securities and Exchange Commission. SD-538 Committee on the Budget To hold hearings to examine economic risks from housing unaffordability, focusing on the costs of inaction. SD-608 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Carl Whitney Bentzel, of Maryland, to be a Federal Maritime Commissioner, Thomas. B. Chapman, of Maryland, to be a Member of the National Transportation Safety Board, and Lanhee J. Chen, of California, to be a Director of the Amtrak Board of Directors. SR-253 Committee on Foreign Relations Business meeting to consider S. 4425, to support democracy and the rule of law in Georgia, H.R. 8282, to impose sanctions with respect to the International Criminal Court engaged in any effort to investigate, arrest, detain, or prosecute any protected person of the United States and its allies, and the nominations of Vivek Hallegere Murthy, of Florida, to be Representative of the United States on the Executive Board of the World Health Organization, Kristen Sarri, of Maryland, to be Assistant Secretary for Oceans and International Environmental and Scientific Affairs, John N. Nkengasong, of Georgia, to be Ambassador-At- Large for Global Health Security and Diplomacy, Elizabeth K. Horst, of Minnesota, to be Ambassador to the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka, Troy Fitrell, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Seychelles, Kelly Adams-Smith, of New Jersey, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Moldova, Juan Carlos Iturregui, of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the Dominican Republic, Jennifer D. Gavito, of Colorado, to be Ambassador to the State of Libya, Tracey Ann Jacobson, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Iraq, Joshua M. Harris, of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the People's Democratic Republic of Algeria, and Peter W. Lord, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Senegal, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as Ambassador to the Republic of Guinea-Bissau, all of the Department of State. S-116 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine pending nominations. SD-226 2 p.m. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Subcommittee on Employment and Workplace Safety To hold hearings to examine preparing workers for AI. SD-562 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations To hold hearings to examine FAA oversight of Boeing's broken safety culture. SD-342 Committee on the Judiciary Subcommittee on Criminal Justice and Counterterrorism To hold hearings to examine sexual assault in U.S. prisons two decades after the Prison Rape Elimination Act. SD-226 2:30 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs To hold hearings to examine S. 4444, to take certain mineral interests into trust for the benefit of the Crow Tribe of Montana, S. 4633, to provide for the settlement of the water rights claims of the Navajo Nation, the Hopi Tribe, and the San Juan Southern Paiute Tribe, S. 4643, to approve the settlement of water rights claims of the Zuni Indian Tribe in the Zuni River Stream System in the State of New Mexico, to protect the Zuni Salt Lake, S. 4705, to approve the settlement of water rights claims of the Yavapai-Apache Nation in the State of Arizona, to authorize construction of a water project relating to those water rights claims, and S. 4998, to approve the settlement