Following the recommendation would involve unprecedented action by Parliament to overturn specific verdicts of the courts.
The Government completely recognise the importance of an independent court system and judiciary, so the recommendation raises important issues of constitutional principle.
This is therefore not a decision we can take lightly.
It also creates the risks of a different sort of injustice.
I am sure that a great many people were wrongly convicted in the scandal, but I cannot tell the House that all of those prosecuted were innocent or even that it was 90%, or 80%, or 70%.
Without retrying every case, we cannot know.
The risk is that instead of unjust convictions, we end up with unjust acquittals, and we just would not know how many.
The only way we could tell would be to put all cases through the courts, further dragging out the distress for many innocent people.
Order.
This is a very important issue, so I will allow the Minister to continue, but that means the time of the Opposition spokesperson will also increase, as does Sir David’s.
It is too important an issue to curtail the Minister, but officials ought to be aware that when they provide speeches, they are for three minutes.
However, I want the Minister finish his speech, because the issue is far too important.
I apologise, Mr Speaker, for the length of this response to the urgent question, but the matter is, as you say, of vital importance.
We have been faced with a dilemma: either accept the present problem of many people carrying the unjustified slur of conviction, or accept that an unknown number of people who have genuinely stolen from their post office will be exonerated and perhaps even compensated.
I can therefore announce that we intend to bring forward legislation as soon as we can to overturn the convictions of all those convicted in England or Wales on the basis of Post Office evidence given during the Horizon scandal.
The Government will in the coming days consider whether to include the small number of cases that have already been considered by the appeal courts and had convictions upheld.
We recognise that this is an exceptional step, but these are exceptional circumstances.
As the House knows, people with convictions that have been overturned are offered a choice between having their compensation individually assessed or settling on an up-front offer of  £600,000.
As far as possible, we want to avoid guilty people walking away with hundreds of thousands of pounds of public money, but we cannot make the provision of compensation subject to a detailed examination of guilt.
We have concluded that to ask the court to do that again would be unfair to individuals.
We cannot turn this into an administrative exercise.
All we ask is that as part of their claims for compensation, postmasters sign a statement to the effect that they did not commit the crimes of which they are accused.
Anyone subsequently found to have signed such a statement untruthfully will be putting themselves at risk of prosecution for fraud.
I do not pretend to the House that that is a foolproof device, but it is a proportionate one that respects the ordeal that these people have already suffered.
It means that an honest postmaster will have his or her conviction overturned and, just by signing one document, can secure compensation.
No one should take our decision as a criticism of the judiciary.
The original decisions were taken in good faith in the understanding that prosecutions were properly conducted and that assertions about the robustness of the Horizon system were true.
But, as I said earlier, these are exceptional circumstances and we need to act quickly and decisively.
Time is one thing that we and the convicted postmasters do not have.