Thank you, Mr Speaker.
“I believe that not all Jewish people are bad.”
“Palestinians are dying whilst the Zionists are laughing their lives away.”
“How do you send letters believing the western media on how Hamas is a terrorist group?
For all I know the only terrorist group is the Zionists.”
Those are not my words, but words produced by pupils as young as 11 in schools in this country, one of whom signed off their letter saying that they sought “vengeance”, although that word was crossed out.
Pro-Palestinian activists were invited to another school in the north-west of England to educate pupils on the history of Palestine, and displayed slides to those students that denied the existence of the state of Israel.
We know that other schools have allowed absences for people to attend protests, where, of course, there have been many examples of antisemitism.
This is completely unacceptable.
Will the Prime Minister look at what is going on in our schools and hold an independent review of how we can do more in our curriculum to educate about the perils of antisemitism?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising what is a deeply concerning issue.
As I have said before, there is no place for antisemitism or the glorification of terrorism in Britain, especially not in our classrooms.
That is why we welcomed the recent report from Lord Mann, the Government’s independent adviser on antisemitism, and in particular his recommendation on how schools can tackle antisemitism.
We will continue to work together with Lord Mann on this vital issue.
I look forward to hearing further suggestions from my hon.
Friend, too.
When my best friend and constituent Dr Laura Williams lost her husband suddenly at 35, she was left alone with three children under the age of five.
Nothing could have prepared her for that grief and loss.
I have witnessed at first hand what a remarkable job she has done to carry  on and stay afloat, but that has been made much harder by the fact that bereavement support payments have been cut to just 18 months—an allowance that is primarily for children who lose a parent.
Will the Prime Minister be kind enough to meet Dr Laura and me to hear at first hand her experience of losing her husband, and to see what can be done for those who, like her, are bereaved with young children to support?
I am very sorry to hear about the hon.
Lady’s constituent and her tragic loss.
I would be very happy to meet her at the earliest opportunity.
I call Dame Jackie Doyle-Price—congratulations.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
Passengers have been crossing the Thames between Tilbury and Gravesend in my constituency since 1307, but the ferry service today is currently under threat because of the withdrawal of local authority funding.
With so many people using that ferry service to come to work in Tilbury docks, and given the upcoming expansion of the Thames freeport, will my right hon.
Friend encourage the local authorities to do all they can to ensure that we take full advantage of the opportunities through a new contract for the service, and perhaps expand the service as a way of getting more people to work in the new jobs that are being created?
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight that the Tilbury to Gravesend ferry service forms an important part of the local transport services provided by local authorities.
Obviously, those funding decisions are for the relevant councils, but I encourage them to consider the importance of cross-river transport in their local community, which she highlights, as part of their upcoming local transport plan.
Has the Prime Minister seen the utterly damning new UNICEF report showing that in the decade to 2021, child income poverty rose way faster in the UK than in any of the other 39 countries analysed?