If we want a fast solution that, as he said, provides life-changing compensation to people who have been deprived of that in recent years, we believe that this is the best one.
I call the Scottish National party spokesperson.
I thank  the right hon.
Member for Haltemprice and Howden (Sir David Davis)  for securing this very important urgent question.
I am sorry that it was not a statement, because then I would have had prior sight of what the Minister was going to say.
When we stood here on Tuesday, I asked how long “some time” would be, and I am glad that things are progressing quickly, although with a note of caution—I totally understand the hesitation to introduce any kind of blanket Bill or whatever.
We need to move things forward and keep up the momentum from the ITV series in the press, here and everywhere.
We also still need to listen to the victims.
Only this morning, some of the postmasters said that we should all stop referring to compensation, but refer instead to financial redress.
This is not compensation but money due to them, and we need to get it to them as quickly as possible.
The hon.
Member for Sutton and Cheam (Paul Scully)  said that some people do not want to go anywhere near justice or the Post Office.
We must encourage people to come forward.
I am meeting constituents who were involved who have not officially approached me yet, and I am sure that many others across the House will be in exactly the same position.
Scottish law is different, as the Minister is well aware.
The Cabinet Secretary for Justice made a statement yesterday, and said that the Scottish Government were looking at Fujitsu contracts, which is really important.
I cannot speak for the Scottish Government, but I know there will be no hesitation in moving things forward.
As chair of the all-party parliamentary group on post offices, I will write to the Crown Office and Procurator Fiscal Service in Scotland.
I thank the hon.
Lady for her question and, once again, for her work in the all-party parliamentary group for post offices.
I am sorry that I was not able to share a statement with her, and I appreciate her welcoming what we have done today.
I am very happy to term this “redress”; it is only about putting people back where they would have been, and trying to make good what has happened to them.
I understand what she says about compensation, but this is there to compensate people financially for losses and impacts on their lives.
I could not agree more that, as well as delivering compensation more quickly and fairly, the No.
1 thing we would like to happen is for more people to come forward.
A simplified process that does not require postmasters themselves to file an appeal will mean that this is done more quickly.
The routes to compensation have been simplified, and we very much hope that people will come forward.
That seems to be our experience right now.
We will continue to engage with the devolved Administrations to ensure that they have everything they need, as they may want to adopt similar measures.
I welcome this legislation, and I thank the Minister for the amount of work he has done at such great speed.
We are still at a midway point in the journey.
There are still criminal prosecutions to come.
One question that has never been answered is just how much money was taken unlawfully from thousands of innocent men and women.
The Post Office took that money, and we have never known that figure.
Even the most basic accountant knows that it will run into hundreds of millions of pounds.
Could the Minister force the Post Office to publish the grand scale of the money it stole from people?
I thank my hon.