It is a pleasure to have sat through the Committee stage of the Bill and to hear the Government talk about the advantages we have from Brexit.
I am pleased to hear that the Government have looked, and continue to look, extensively at the taxation system—in particular at the interpretation of VAT, as mentioned in this clause.
One interpretation of VAT in this country massively affects people who are visually impaired and those who cannot read, perhaps because of dyslexia: there is no VAT on books, but the Treasury apply VAT at 5% to audiobooks.
If that interpretation of VAT is to be taken as far as it possibly can, I am disappointed that disabled people are not being protected within the structure of the Bill, in the way that they have been for many years.
Years ago, when I was disabilities Minister, I was told that VAT changes could not happen because we were in the EU.
We are no longer in the EU and we can set our VAT rates as we would like.
It would be fundamentally good if the Government came forward with an interpretation of VAT that said that people who rely on audiobooks, through no fault of their own, do not have to be penalised by VAT at 5%.
I am not talking only about the visually impaired—I declare an interest: I am dyslexic and rely on audiobooks, although not completely.
People who do not read Braille are being punished as well.
The Government continue to look at new taxation rules and new ways of making sure that people do not get around the taxation system, and it is clear that they are looking at the implementation of VAT.
What better spring present for those who rely on audiobooks than for the Minister to say that he will meet me, talk about the issue further and perhaps look at the early-day motion in my name?
The Secretary of State was asked—
What recent discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on trends in the level of private investment in research and development in the last 12 months.
What recent discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on trends in the level of private investment in research and development in the last 12 months.
This Government have a fantastic track record of mobilising private investment in research and innovation, alongside delivering the largest ever public spending, which will reach £20 billion a year next financial year.
In November, the global investment summit saw commitments to invest almost £30 billion in the UK, including the decision by Flagship Pioneering, one of the world’s leading life science investors, to have its first international base in the UK.
Hertford and Stortford lies at the heart of the innovation corridor, so private investment is very important to businesses in my constituency.
Does the Minister have any assessment of the likely impact of the Mansion House reforms on that trend and the great track record of private investment?
Like its Member of Parliament, Hertford and Stortford is indeed innovative.
The Mansion House reforms, which in my previous role I helped the Chancellor to deliver, will unlock an estimated £50 billion of investment to scale up high-growth companies across the whole United Kingdom, including in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
That sits alongside our £250 million initiative for long-term investment for technology and science—LIFTS—which will focus particularly on British pensioners investing in long-term growth opportunities in tech and the life sciences.
When it comes to British innovation, this Government are all in, and I hope that in 2024 financial institutions will be too.
In October, the Government announced the £60 million regional innovation fund to boost university support for regional economic growth.
Wales was allocated £3.4 million through the Barnett formula.
However, disappointingly, there is no evidence of that money  having been spent on its intended purpose in Wales.