Even the most basic accountant knows that it will run into hundreds of millions of pounds.
Could the Minister force the Post Office to publish the grand scale of the money it stole from people?
I thank my hon.
Friend for contributing to these important debates in the House once again.
He brings first-hand experience, as the only postmaster serving in the House.
He is quite right to say that money was taken, and someone must have noticed it.
One would think that the finance departments or auditors would have noticed it, as it would have appeared in some kind of suspense account and was presumably transferred out at some point.
I will endeavour to find out the number, as I do not have it.
We do know that prior to Horizon being installed in the post office network, there were around five prosecutions a year.
That suddenly jumped to about 60 a year.
We know that there were significant numbers of prosecutions, and the fact that there are around 3,500 postmasters in the various compensation schemes illustrates the scale of the problem.
I will endeavour to find out a number for him.
I thank  the right hon.
Member for Haltemprice and Howden (Sir David Davis)  for securing this UQ.
I know the Minister wanted  to make a statement but was overruled by No.
10 so that the Prime Minister got the glory of making the announcement.
A serious point is that had we not got this UQ, there would have been no debate today, which is a disgrace.
The Minister knows that the advisory board has been tied in a Gordian knot for quite a few months, which is why we wrote our letter to the Justice Secretary before Christmas.
He is right that this will be messy whichever way we do it, but it needs to be done, because people are still out there with convictions that need overturning.
I welcome the advisory board having discussions later this afternoon and in the next few weeks on how things should take place, but I urge the Minister—I know he will—to engage with all political parties in this House.
If we can get all parties’ support for the proposal, that will make it a lot stronger.
The point raised by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Stalybridge and Hyde (Jonathan Reynolds)  about the pre-Horizon schemes is important.
I welcome the changes to the compensation, as they will speed things up for some victims, but in the case of those who have died whose convictions are overturned, will their estates be able to access compensation?
Once again, I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for all his work on this campaign over many years and for his work on the advisory board, which has been an essential part of seeking a resolution.
I will of course continue to work cross-party, as I have done all the way through on this matter, from the Back Benches and now from the Front Bench.
I appreciate the support and engagement we have had from all political parties in this area, both Front Benchers and Back Benchers.
Yes, we are cognisant of the pre-Horizon pilot scheme, and we will keep working to make sure the people involved are included in compensation.
Yes, if people have sadly passed away—over 60 have passed away waiting for compensation and justice—the compensation will go to their estate and therefore to their family.
That is an assurance I can give him.
The Minister has announced that approximately one third of the 555 individuals involved in the group litigation will benefit from the up-front payment of £75,000.
What other support will there be for those in that group litigation who suffered losses way in excess of that £75,000?
How will the Government assess not just the financial losses but the reputational damage they suffered, the health impacts and the family breakdowns that many endured?
How will it work in practice?