We have already set a target of issuing initial offers for 90% of group litigation order cases within 40 days of receiving a completed application.
I announced in November that we would be introducing a £600,000 up-front offer for claims with overturned convictions, which people could choose to take rather than going through the detailed assessment process.
This has already made a real difference.
Before my announcement, only five of the relevant people had reached full and final settlements; I can now report that, with the help of the minimum payments, we have finalised 30 cases.
This has obviously speeded matters along for those who have taken this up-front offer.
It has also helped those who have chosen individual assessment, because resources can be concentrated on those cases.
I can announce today that we are taking similar measures in respect of the group litigation order scheme.
We will now make people in that scheme an up-front offer of £75,000, which will save them having to go through a full assessment.
However, as with overturned convictions, if they believe they are entitled to more, they are welcome to continue with the full assessment.
Not only will this allow the Department to focus its resources on the larger cases, but it will allow claimants’ lawyers to do the same.
The pace at which we can get claims into the scheme is the key constraint on how quickly we can settle them.
The up-front offer is smaller for the GLO scheme than for the overturned convictions because the claims tend to be smaller.
We estimate that perhaps a third of GLO claimants may want to consider this route.
I am sure the House will welcome this measure.
When I made my statement on Monday, I heard Members from all parts of the House share my desire to ensure justice for postmasters who have been convicted of offences as part of the scandal.
The whole House is united on this, and in the light of last week’s excellent ITV series, I believe the whole nation is united on it, too.
We have all been moved by the stories of postmasters who have been unjustly convicted and the terrible effects over the period of two decades on their finances, health and relationships.
Indeed, we have seen whole lives ruined by this brutal and arbitrary exercise of power.
Hundreds of convictions remain extant.
Some of those convictions will have relied on evidence from the discredited Horizon system; others will have been the result of appalling failures of the Post Office’s investigation and prosecution functions.
The evidence already emerging from Sir Wyn Williams’s inquiry has shown not only  incompetence, but malevolence in many of their actions.
This evidence was not available to the courts when they made their decisions on individual cases.
So far, 95 out of more than 900 convictions have been overturned.
We know that postmasters have been reluctant to apply to have their convictions overturned—many of them have decided that they have been through enough and cannot face further engagement with authority.
Many fear having their hopes raised, only for them to be dashed yet again.
The Horizon compensation advisory board has recommended that we should overturn all the convictions of the postmasters who were prosecuted in the Horizon scandal.
I think its motivation for doing so is absolutely right, and we will work with it to speed up the process.
May I put on the record my thanks to Lord Arbuthnot, who is in the Gallery today, and  the right hon.
Member for North Durham (Mr Jones)  for their work on the campaign generally and on that advisory board?
Following the recommendation would involve unprecedented action by Parliament to overturn specific verdicts of the courts.
The Government completely recognise the importance of an independent court system and judiciary, so the recommendation raises important issues of constitutional principle.
This is therefore not a decision we can take lightly.