What is she going to do to rectify that?
I would like to correct the hon.
Member.
The decision on the public switched telephone network was made by business, because of the problems with the existing copper lines and the fact that that, too, poses significant challenges.
What we have done is take proactive steps by convening industry to ensure that they are going further than their existing commitments, and we have involved the regulator at every step.
What steps her Department is taking to improve rural connectivity.
What steps her Department is taking to improve rural connectivity.
What steps her Department is taking to improve rural connectivity.
Great digital connectivity is now absolutely vital to people’s life chances and we do not want rural areas to be left behind.
That is why we are putting £2 billion into gigabit, so that it is in every corner of the country.
We are putting cash into satellites for the hardest to reach bits.
We have a plan for mobile operators to get much more phone coverage.
The best bit, of course, is that we have a new rural connectivity champion, in my hon.
Friend  the Member for Barrow and Furness (Simon Fell) , to get the countryside connected.
I am delighted to hear everything the Minister has to say, but what further advice can she give to a colleague keen to champion specific rural communities facing challenges with poor digital connectivity?
First, I want to reassure my hon.
Friend that a lot of work is being done on gigabit and mobile reception for rural areas.
There is a regional procurement under way that covers his constituency and a neighbouring one, but I also recommend that constituents elect great  MPs who can hold me and Building Digital UK to account in the surgeries we hold in Parliament—they already have such an MP in him.
He is clearly doing something right, because Walsall North has 92% gigabit-capable coverage, compared with a national average of 79%.
All I would say to Tamworth is: take note.
My hon.
Friend will be aware of the difficulty in securing a Project Gigabit contract for Lancashire.
Once signed, a contract will help isolated premises and rural communities get a much-needed superfast connection.
Last month, I spoke with BDUK about progress on the procurement process.
What steps is she taking to ensure that timescales do not slip and that we can see installation under way for the second half of this year, as currently planned?
I thank my hon.
Friend for holding me to account and I very much share his sense of urgency.
His constituency has 86% gigabit-capable coverage, so it is above the average, but none the less I understand the frustration that people have when their premises are not covered.
I reassure him that I raised this matter with BDUK yesterday.
I want to get going as fast as possible.
We expect that procurement to be sorted in the summer.
I welcome my hon.
Friend back to her place.
She will know what is coming, based on the multiple conversations that she and I, and various digital Ministers over the years, have had on the woeful delivery of rural broadband in Scotland, which is the responsibility of the Scottish Government.
The Reaching 100% scheme was supposed to bring faster internet to 60,000 properties across the north and north-east by the end of 2021, but so far it has delivered only a little over 9,000, with over 50,000 still to go and zero R100 North contract delivery in the Banffshire and Buchan Coast constituency.
Since my hon.
Friend has returned to her post, what discussions has she had with the Scottish Government about dealing with the pause implemented on BDUK and Scottish Government—
Order.
I call the Minister.
I appreciate my hon.
Friend’s work in this area.
He is a tremendous champion for his constituency.