The other issue is getting people to come forward again, which has been one of the major problems in getting people to appeal their convictions.
We see the solution that we have adopted as very much the lesser of two evils.
Nevertheless, we are keen to discuss mitigations and safeguards with other Members of the House.
I set out one earlier on—the requirement to sign a statement of innocence—and I am keen to work with him to look at other mechanisms that we can use to ensure that those people who get their convictions overturned and access compensation are actually innocent of the charges.
My right hon.
Friend made the important point about Fujitsu, which has been raised many times.
As he knows, part of what the Government did was to put in place a statutory inquiry, chaired by Sir Wyn Williams.
It is due to complete by the end of the year, and, hopefully, it will report soon after.
At that point in time, we will be able to assess more clearly who is actually responsible.
Many people may have already formed a view on that, but we think it right that we follow a process to identify individuals or organisations who are responsible for the scandal.
Of course, we would expect those organisations to financially contribute.
There are financial and legal measures that we can take.
As regards individuals, it may be that there is sufficient evidence for the authorities to take forward individual prosecutions, and I think many in the House would welcome that.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, for granting the urgent question; I congratulate  the right hon.
Member for Haltemprice and Howden (Sir David Davis)  on securing it.
This issue has rightly left the public outraged at the scale and shocking details of this injustice.
As I said on Monday, Labour believes the Horizon scandal to be one of the greatest miscarriages of justice in British history, where people lost their livelihoods, liberty and their lives; then, when trying to find justice, they were delayed at every turn.
It is unconscionable that, despite the landmark legal rulings, several years on people have still not been able to access the compensation that they are entitled to.
We are all united in this House in wanting the sub-postmasters to be exonerated in full—it is important to say exoneration and not a pardon, because a pardon implies guilt that is forgiven—and for them to receive compensation with urgency.
We recognise that that is not straightforward and the result may be imperfect, but this is an unprecedented scandal that requires an unprecedented response.
The alternative of not acting is even less desirable.
Labour stands ready to work with the Government to deliver a solution that achieves that long-awaited justice and compensation at pace.
May I thank the Minister for the ongoing conversations we have been having on this matter?
Can he guarantee that compensation payments will immediately follow any exonerations under the terms of the compensation schemes as they stand today?
Could he indicate a timescale for that?
I know he appreciates that victims cannot continue to wait years for payments.
Given what the Minister said about the implications of a blanket exoneration, we will need to consider what safeguards might be necessary, to ensure that, as best as possible, public money does not flow into the pockets of those who are not entitled to it.
He mentioned that people may be asked to sign a statement.
Will that be drawn up consistently with the work of the advisory board?
Crucially, we discussed on Monday the cases that have now been identified from the pre-Horizon pilot scheme, which are identical to those coming out of Horizon.
Will those cases be covered by any proposals that the Government bring forward?
Any plan that does not cover all convictions will rightly not command the full support of the House.