Why can we not devote more resources to catching these people with new technology?
I thank my hon.
and gallant Friend for his question.
I can confirm that my colleagues in the Home Office are absolutely committed to breaking the   business system of these callous and illegal criminal gangs.
A key part of that is technological innovation, and a range of technologies are being used.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Businesses I speak to are excited about the innovation that artificial intelligence offers, but deeply frustrated by the Government’s uncertainty over regulation.
The original White Paper was delayed for a whole year.
When it finally landed, Ministers told Parliament that a response to the consultation would happen in 2023, but we are now in 2024.
Will businesses have to wait for an election to be given the certainty they need, or will the Secretary of State and her ministerial team commit to publishing the response this month?
Businesses have made it clear that they want us to ensure that we understand the risks or AI, but also the balance between those risks and the opportunities that AI presents.
We have already committed to publishing the response to the consultation in due course.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
The proposed sale of the Rosalind Franklin Institute, a critical piece of national infrastructure, will be hugely damaging to innovation in biomedical science.
I appreciate that the Science Minister will be meeting me later today to discuss the issue, but can the Minister explain how this sale sits with the UK Government’s plan to be a science superpower?
I hope that my colleague the Science Minister will be able to address the hon.
Lady’s concerns at that meeting.
What steps she is taking to increase access to AI skills training.
The Government have funded a broad package of AI skills initiatives through the education pipeline, to address the skills gap and to support citizens and businesses to take advantage of the wealth of opportunities that AI technologies provide.
We have funded a new AI master’s conversion course and published draft guidance to help training providers develop business-relevant AI skills training.
The defence AI strategy acknowledged an AI skills gap across the whole of defence and promised to work with industry to provide expertise in AI and develop a skills framework.
That was two years ago.
Where is it?
The hon.
Member does not quite grasp the magnitude of what we have done on this agenda.
We have invested £290 million in it since 2018.
We also recently published guidance to support businesses to adopt AI.
We will continue to prioritise that area.
I call the Chair of the Science and Technology Committee.
Just before Christmas, the EU institutions declared that they had agreed to a new EU AI Act.
What assessment has the Secretary of State made of that?
How does her intended approach in the UK differ?
I welcome my right hon.
Friend’s work in this space.
The EU has taken a slightly different tack from us.
We want to foster innovation in AI, seize the opportunities for our public services and ensure that the jobs are located here in the UK.
That is why we have our domestic track—we will produce a White Paper shortly—and also why we introduced an international track and convened the entire world for the first ever global AI safety summit.
We are certainly leading in this area.
I call the shadow Minister.
It is vital that Britain grasps the opportunity of AI to grow our economy and to modernise vital public services.
That relies on having a supply of highly trained staff.
However, the Government are failing in that.
Their AI scholarship scheme is floundering, with Ministers finding only 21% of the funding they promised.
Why has the Department failed?
When will the Secretary of State authorise an urgent review of this vital policy area?
Perhaps the hon.