I think the trust started its consultation last year and the results are due at the end of March.
We look forward to making sure we can deliver the project as quickly as possible, as part of the record capital investment in the NHS to deliver faster, better care to patients everywhere.
Reports suggest that the Prime Minister’s family investment company, Catamaran Ventures, is being wound up and that his wife is exiting her interests in her childcare company, Koru Kids.
Will the Prime Minister keep his promise to the Liaison Committee, which includes a number of Conservative MPs, and confirm whether he has forgotten to register any of his financial interests?
Will he also publish all details of Catamaran Ventures’ investments?
I take very seriously my responsibilities to register and declare all my relevant interests.
All of them have been declared in accordance with the ministerial code and it is the role of the independent adviser to advise on what it is necessary to publish within that list, including in the case of Ministers’ family members.
When specific questions are asked in sessions such as the Liaison Committee, as I have been in dialogue with the Committee, declarations are made on top of that, which I have made.
As I have said from the Dispatch Box, my wife has been an investor in British companies over the past years, but that is now something that she has ceased to do going forward.
New, very large shellfish beds have been discovered in the Thames estuary, including those of razor clams and Manila clams, which are both highly prized around the world.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in congratulating local fisherman Mr Paul Gilson on his proactive work, and will he come to Leigh-on-Sea to meet my local fishermen, so we can discuss how to maximise this brilliant Brexit bonus for Essex fishermen?
I join my hon.
Friend in welcoming this fantastic discovery.
We have been capitalising on the benefits of Brexit since we left the European Union and we are making sure that we can transform opportunity in the UK, particularly in fishing communities.
I know my right hon.
Friend the Minister for Food, Farming and Fisheries will be happy to meet her to discuss what more that could mean, and I hope I also have the opportunity to come and see her and see this incredible discovery for myself.
I was a nurse in our NHS for 25 years.
It is an offence to my colleagues and our patients when the Prime Minister pretends that he has a grip on NHS  waiting times.
Despite his big pledge to cut waiting lists, they have grown by half a million patients in the last year alone.
He can blame striking all he likes, but after 14 years of the Tories, who can possibly say that the NHS is better off?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her decades of service in the NHS, and commend all the work of our fantastic hard-working nurses in the NHS.
I am pleased that we have delivered early on our manifesto pledge to have 50,000 more nurses in the NHS, together with record numbers of doctors, elective surgical hubs and community diagnostic centres, all of which means that we are now treating more people in the NHS than we have ever done before.
One thing that is hampering progress on tackling the waiting lists is obviously industrial action, so I hope that the hon.
Lady will join the million NHS workers, including nurses, midwives, therapists, paramedics, consultants and specialty doctors, all of whom have reached a fair and reasonable pay settlement with the Government, and urge the junior doctors to do the same.
I call Andrew Percy.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
“I believe that not all Jewish people are bad.”
“Palestinians are dying whilst the Zionists are laughing their lives away.”