Crucially, we discussed on Monday the cases that have now been identified from the pre-Horizon pilot scheme, which are identical to those coming out of Horizon.
Will those cases be covered by any proposals that the Government bring forward?
Any plan that does not cover all convictions will rightly not command the full support of the House.
As the sub-postmasters—they must surely get the credit for these extraordinary measures—have repeatedly said, what matters now is getting compensation to people swiftly.
The whole House is united in its determination to deliver the justice, truth and compensation that has been denied and delayed time and time again.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his response to my remarks.
I appreciate his offer to work with us and to stand with us to deliver compensation and the overturning of convictions.
The first step will be legislation; again, we are happy to work with him on that.
That may take some weeks to deliver, but the sooner, the better.
The introduction and passing of that legislation will be a matter for both Houses, but our intention is to get on with that very quickly.
From there, it should be a simple process: a statement needs to be signed, as the hon.
Gentleman and I both referred to.
We will work with the advisory board to ensure that the statement is appropriate.
Following the signing of that statement, if people choose the detailed assessment route, that will be more complex because it will look at not just financial loss but personal impacts, such as on health or on other livelihoods, and consequential losses.
If people choose the fixed sum award route of £600,000, that process can be very quick, which is one of the reasons why we have managed to complete 30 full and final settlements already, many using the fixed sum route.
The hon.
Gentleman raised the issue of people using the pilot version of Horizon, of which we are cognisant.
Every postmaster around the country has been written to and should be aware that the compensation scheme is available.
We believe that these schemes cover that pilot period for Horizon.
I am very happy to work with him and  the right hon.
Member for North Durham (Mr Jones)  to ensure that the people they have identified have already been contacted.
The good news is that, following the excellent ITV dramatisation, we have seen a good number of new cases come to light.
We are keen for people to come forward, whether they have suffered convictions or financial detriment through shortfalls.
We are keen to ensure that those people get access to compensation as quickly as possible.
I thank the Minister and the Lord Chancellor for their work.
It has been longer in the making than the drama series, but they met their promise over two days by coming up with the first stage of the solution.
Too many victims want nothing to do with the British justice system, the Post Office or Government.
They have had enough.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that there is no perfect solution?
The best we can aim for is one that is fast and provides life-changing money to restore these people’s lives as best we can.
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question and for the sterling work he did as my predecessor in this job.
Many people recognise the incredible work he did following the outcome of the court case with the compensation schemes that he instigated.
He is right that there is no perfect solution, but we have worked across Government to try to find the best possible one.
If we want a fast solution that, as he said, provides life-changing compensation to people who have been deprived of that in recent years, we believe that this is the best one.
I call the Scottish National party spokesperson.
I thank  the right hon.