I don’t think we are having more.
We can all see what has happened here.
Just like he knows that debt is not falling and taxes are going up, he knows the Rwanda gimmick will not work, but he cannot be honest about it because he is too scared of his own MPs.
Does he not wish that he had stuck to his guns, rather than allow himself to be taken hostage by his own party?
We are debating this because we have taken a stand and we are delivering the toughest migration plan ever, to end the legal challenges and actually get flights off the ground.
Let us be clear: he does not have a single practical idea about how to stop the boats, because he does not actually care about controlling migration.
This is a person who described all immigration law as “racist”.
He thinks limits on economic migration are “economic vandalism”.
The issue did not feature once in his five missions and he did not mention it once in his conference speech.
The truth is he is pro-free movement, he is anti-border control and he can never be trusted to stop the boats.
I think we should smash the gangs and I spent five years of my life doing exactly that.
The Prime Minister’s party has lost control of the borders.
While he is tending to the Tory party, the country is left without government—a collapse in dentistry, leaving people literally pulling out their own teeth; flood defences completely exposed; and hundreds of thousands of children still out of school.
His Government appear blissfully uninterested in what is going on outside the walls of Westminster.
Does he realise how ludicrous it looks when he spends his time boasting while Britain  is breaking?
I am glad that the Leader of the Opposition has brought up our schools; there is nothing more important than ensuring that our children get a world-class education.
That is why I am pleased that, in spite of Labour opposing every reform we have made, our children are now the best readers in the western world.
But he is right that attendance is important.
That is why we are investing millions of pounds more to provide support for absent pupils.
We have launched a national campaign just this week.
We have doubled the number of attendance hubs to support more than 1,000 at the most vulnerable schools.
I am surprised to hear him raise that topic, because, from longer lockdowns to voting against our minimum service laws, his priority has always been keeping our children out of school.
It is always the same with him: there is no plan.
It is just peddling one thing to his union friends and another thing to the British people.
New year, new nonsense.
Every week, the Prime Minister stands here and tells the country that they should be thanking him, not questioning him.
If you point out that the view on the ground is very different to that from his private jet, he says that you are talking the country down.
He just does not get it.
He does not get what a cost of living crisis feels like.
He does not know any schools where kids no longer turn up, and he does not understand what it is like to wait for a hospital appointment.
Does the country not deserve so much better than a Prime Minister who simply does not get Britain?
Last week, we had yet another half-hour speech from the right hon.
and learned Gentleman, and—what a surprise—it did not contain a single new idea.
We have had four years of him as Labour leader and it is still all slogan and no plan.
Just this weekend, we are delivering on our plan to cut people’s taxes; he does not have a plan.
We have a plan to stop the boats; he does not have a plan.