What more is he doing to ensure that we can attract the very best talent from around the world into life sciences, even in Cornwall.
I would be delighted to visit the innovative firm in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
She will know about the global talent visa, which has seen a 76% rise in visas issued over the last year alone, welcoming the world’s best scientists to Britain’s science and technology superpower.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
This year, my ministerial team and I will be laser-focused on delivery.
We will back the science and tech businesses that are growing the economy, creating new jobs and improving lives across our country.
We want to make sure that British people have the skills they need to take advantage of those jobs, and we also want to support innovative start-ups across our country to scale up here and stay in the UK.
We want to use regulation as a tool for innovation, by designing a transparent set of rules that encourage our entrepreneurs to be bold, and we want to ensure that the British people truly feel the benefits.
In advance of the Budget, what discussions has the Minister had with the Treasury regarding crucial funding for the development and uptake of human-specific technologies, as opposed to using 3 million animals for experimentation and research in the UK?
The day cannot come quickly enough when we are able to end the practice of animal testing.
That day is not now, but this Government are committed to doing everything we can to bring forward and support the development of replacement technologies.
The hon.
Gentleman has my commitment that we will do that at the right pace.
Will the Minister join me in congratulating SaxaVord on gaining its spaceport licence from the Civil Aviation Authority?
Does he agree that the site in Shetland will serve as a critical vertical launch site not just for the UK but for the rest of Europe and beyond, and as such is deserving of full UK Government support?
Yes, I congratulate SaxaVord on achieving the necessary licences to pursue vertical launches from Scotland.
I hope to see the success of that launch, as well as rocket boosters under the UK space programme in 2024.
I call the shadow Minister.
A recent study has shown that, through digitisation, the UK’s small businesses can generate £77.3 billion in additional revenue and create 885,000 new jobs in this country.
However, around four in 10 small businesses do not see new technology as relevant to their company and do not see tech investment as offering good value for money, citing a lack of skills and knowledge.
What is being done to ensure that small businesses are not left behind in the technological revolution?
We work very closely with the Department for Business and Trade on this agenda, and we work with the Department for Education on skills in general.
We have fantastic programmes such as Innovate  UK, which is helping to support businesses with the uptake of artificial intelligence.
We recently produced additional guidance, too.
I welcome my hon.
Friend the Minister for Science, Research and Innovation to one of the great offices of state, and I thank the Secretary of State for supporting the science and technology superpower mission.
Does she agree that, as the Prime Minister plans a rightly robust response to the Post Office saga, we need to learn important lessons about technology procurement to make sure that Whitehall never again repeats this appalling misjustice? [
Interruption.]
You will see from the loud cheer the popularity of the former Minister, Mr Speaker, and let me take the opportunity to thank him for his hard work and dedication to the science, innovation and technology agenda.
He worked very hard on the science and technology framework, an important pillar of which, as he knows, is procurement, and I absolutely agree with the sentiments he echoed.