What other support will there be for those in that group litigation who suffered losses way in excess of that £75,000?
How will the Government assess not just the financial losses but the reputational damage they suffered, the health impacts and the family breakdowns that many endured?
How will it work in practice?
As the Minister outlined, time is pressing.
This is very difficult and there is no one-size-fits-all answer, but individuals need recompense sooner rather than later and to feel that justice for this institutional state failure will actually act in their favour.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for her question and for the number of times she has raised this particular issue and set out her thoughts, which have proved very useful.
We think that 30% of people from the group litigation order scheme have chosen the £75,000 fixed sum award route.
Clearly, that is an estimate.
We at least have some evidence from the other scheme on how effective that is.
If people choose not to go down that route, and if they believe their losses are in excess of that, they can go down the full assessment route.
We are trying to make that as rapid as possible.
It is a process of alternative dispute resolution.
Potentially, things can happen very quickly, but if that cannot be agreed then it goes to an independent panel for assessment.
There is independence at every part of the process.
People going down that route can get interim payments if they are needed, so that they do not suffer financial hardship.
We are keen to make sure not only that people get a fair amount, but that it is also seen to be fair.
Independence is an essential part of that process.
I thank  the right hon.
Member for Haltemprice and Howden (Sir David Davis)  for securing the urgent question, and I thank the Minister for the swiftness with which he has acted, and particularly for his recognition of the need to talk to the devolved Administrations and of the fact that the situation in Scotland is slightly different, as the Post Office was not able to prosecute there and that was done through the official Crown services.
With that in mind, and given the need he expressed to encourage people to come forward—in Scotland, it is very much more difficult to gauge how many people were affected—it is not just enough for us to say, “Please come forward.”
We need a proactive campaign to encourage people to come forward and reassure them that they will not face the same sort of delays that the victims of Hillsborough and the infected blood scandal have faced, but that this will be acted on swiftly.
I thank the hon.
Lady for her remarks.
Although they were prosecuted under different authorities in Scotland and Northern Ireland, the cases were generally prepared by the Post Office itself, so I do not think we have any greater confidence about the status of those convictions than we have in those in the rest of the UK.
We are therefore very keen to engage with the Scottish Administration on what we are doing.
Hopefully, there will be a consistent scheme across the UK.
I agree entirely with the hon.
Lady that we need to be proactive in our message to people about coming forward, and in our message from the House that we are working together and that this process is now much more streamlined.
It will not even necessarily require sub-postmasters to make an application for their conviction to be overturned.
That will happen much more quickly, and any access routes we have now for compensation will be made swifter and more rapid.
I think those things alone will mean more people come forward.
As I said, we have seen a good number of new people come forward.