That is what our current legal assessment says is happening: that, as the Foreign Secretary outlined yesterday, Israel plans to act within international humanitarian law and has the ability to do so.
But we are deeply concerned about the impact on the civilian population in Gaza.
That is why we have trebled the amount of aid that we provide to the region, and just recently we sent our first maritime shipment of aid to Egypt.
A UK military ship delivered over 80 tonnes of new blankets and life-saving medical equipment for Gaza, and we are working with Jordan to find more land routes.
We will continue to do everything we can to support the vulnerable people who are being impacted by what is happening on the ground.
In my constituency, the new Hillingdon hospital has full planning permission and full funding and enabling works are well under way.
Does the Prime Minister agree that this new state-of-the-art hospital will uplift the health benefits for the residents of Uxbridge and South Ruislip, and will he join me in visiting the project site at a time when his diary allows?
My hon.
Friend has been a fantastic campaigner for the new Hillingdon hospital and I agree that it will provide fantastic care to him and his constituents.
I am pleased that planning permission and funding have now been granted for the site and that work is progressing.
I will look at my diary, but in the meantime I can tell him that my right hon.
Friend the Health Secretary will be very happy to visit the project and see the significant progress for herself.
Last year, my constituents had to wait months for an election to be finally confirmed, with uncertainty repeatedly prolonged, seemingly out of self-interest.
This year, I did not expect the Prime Minister to be turning to my predecessor of all people for strategic inspiration but, if we are going to be waiting, I hope we can work together for a group in my constituency who really deserve support.
Will the Prime Minister meet some fantastic kinship carers in Mid Bedfordshire to talk through how we can progress the strategy to make it go further and faster and, crucially, why Bedfordshire might be a fantastic place for one of the proposed pilot areas?
I pay tribute to all kinship carers for the incredible work they do.
I would be happy to review the plans the hon.
Gentleman mentions and make sure Ministers have a look at them too.
I pay tribute to all those in his constituency and elsewhere who are doing a terrific job; in Government, as he knows, we are looking at ways we can support them further and we will continue to do so.
The Prime Minister knows that in Basingstoke we also need a new hospital.
That is why he has given £900 million for our hospital trust to make that happen.
Does he agree that  that is a once-in-a-lifetime investment and must not just modernise the NHS healthcare that is provided, but support his plan to double medical training places by 2031?
We are also ready to build our hospital a bit quicker, if that helps.
I am pleased that through our new hospitals programme Hampshire Hospitals NHS foundation trust will receive significant investment that will ensure that excellent care is available for my right hon.
Friend and all her constituents.
I think the trust started its consultation last year and the results are due at the end of March.
We look forward to making sure we can deliver the project as quickly as possible, as part of the record capital investment in the NHS to deliver faster, better care to patients everywhere.
Reports suggest that the Prime Minister’s family investment company, Catamaran Ventures, is being wound up and that his wife is exiting her interests in her childcare company, Koru Kids.