That will happen much more quickly, and any access routes we have now for compensation will be made swifter and more rapid.
I think those things alone will mean more people come forward.
As I said, we have seen a good number of new people come forward.
Hudgell, one of the solicitors involved in claims for some of the victims, have had, I think, 130 new people contact them on the basis of the TV programme and possibly because of the new actions we are taking to make sure compensation is more smoothly and easily available.
The Minister, and indeed all of us in this House, will recognise the desire to get the swiftest possible redress for the victims of this appalling injustice, but does he  also accept that legislating to overturn convictions that were imposed by our independent courts is constitutionally quite exceptional?
Therefore, in justifying that, will he set out in full what consideration was given to the practicality of going down the normal route of referring those convictions to the Court of Appeal before the legislative route was decided upon?
What discussions were there with the senior judiciary about its practicality?
Given the novel and constitutional nature of the legislation, will he seriously consider committing to the Committee stage of any Bill being taken on the Floor of the House and, because it is novel and constitutional, will he consider that it is appropriate for a draft Bill to be given swift pre-legislative scrutiny?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question and for his willingness to work with us.
He and I have discussed the matter in the past few days, and I appreciate his expertise and advice.
Yes, absolutely; this is a very significant step and not one that we would take lightly.
We fully respect the independence of the courts.
We set out very clearly the reasons why this is different—that is important.
We are setting a precedent, but it is clear why we are doing so.
The involvement of private prosecutions is very relevant, and that also relates to work that he has done on the Justice Committee.
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Justice has engaged with the people he refers to in the judiciary, to ensure that they understood what we were doing and why we were doing it.
Those conversations were constructive, rather than resisted, but I am very happy to take up my hon.
Friend’s offer to continue that engagement and to discuss the draft Bill with him.
I call the Chair of the Business and Trade Committee.
I thank  the right hon.
Member for Haltemprice and Howden (Sir David Davis)  for securing the urgent question.
I am very much looking forward to cross-examining the Minister when he comes before the Business and Trade Committee next Tuesday, when we will be hearing evidence from Mr Bates and his colleagues.
We will also be putting questions to Fujitsu.
Can I push the Minister on the point I made on Monday night?
Three years after the landmark case, 85% of convictions have not been overturned, only 4% of the cases have resulted in a full and final settlement, and we have heard evidence from victims this week already that even when settlements have been made, the cash has not yet been handed over.
Can I ask the Minister again what his target is?
What is his goal, approximate or otherwise?
When will those wrongfully prosecuted have their full and final settlement delivered, in cash?
I am very much looking forward to appearing before the right hon.
Gentleman’s Select Committee and hearing some challenging questions, which I would welcome.
To be clear, 64% of all those affected by the scandal have received full and final compensation.
He talks about the smaller cohort who have come forward in relation to convictions.
Only 95 have had convictions overturned.