Friend is right to highlight that the Tilbury to Gravesend ferry service forms an important part of the local transport services provided by local authorities.
Obviously, those funding decisions are for the relevant councils, but I encourage them to consider the importance of cross-river transport in their local community, which she highlights, as part of their upcoming local transport plan.
Has the Prime Minister seen the utterly damning new UNICEF report showing that in the decade to 2021, child income poverty rose way faster in the UK than in any of the other 39 countries analysed?
Scrapping the benefits cap, scrapping the two-child limit and rolling out the Scottish child payment UK-wide could reverse a decade of utter failure, so why will he—or indeed the so-called official Opposition—not commit to those potentially transformative, but affordable, policies?
I point out to the hon.
Gentleman that since 2010 the number of people living in poverty has actually reduced by 1.7 million, including hundreds of thousands of children, but the best way to make sure that children do not grow up in poverty—which no one wants to see—is to make sure that their parents are in work, and then to make sure that they can keep as much of their hard-earned money as possible.
That is why I urge the SNP to think again about its plans to make Scotland the highest-taxed part of the United Kingdom for an average worker.
My constituents know only too well the disaster of living under a Labour regime.
Just before Christmas, the Labour council in Bradford announced that it was bankrupt, and then  spent the first three hours of the subsequent council meeting debating Gaza and Israel rather than the perilous financial situation it was in.
Will the Prime Minister support my campaign and that of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Keighley (Robbie Moore)  to get our constituencies out of Bradford Council’s control?
It is more urgent than ever.
Will he also make sure that the Government deliver a swimming pool in Bingley, which is something that was run down and then closed down as part of the mismanagement of Bradford Council?
My hon.
Friend makes an excellent point: whether it is local councils in his area, in Nottingham or indeed in Birmingham, we see a track record of Labour mismanagement of finances in local areas.
We all know, as my hon.
Friend points out, that when that happens—when Labour is in power—it is working people who pay the price.
That is why we have to stick to our plan.
If he will launch a consultation on the potential merits of introducing social energy tariffs for disabled people and low-income households.
We are providing extensive financial support worth over £100 billion—or £3,500 per household on average—between 2022 and 2025 to help everyone with their energy bills.
Last month, Marie Curie told me that terminally ill people who want to die at home have been forced into hospitals to die because they cannot afford to heat their homes sufficiently.
Will the Prime Minister meet me, Marie Curie and other organisations, including energy companies that are fully supportive of a social energy tariff, and try to find a way forward?
I will make sure that the hon.
Lady gets the meeting she needs with the appropriate Minister.
We are working very closely with Ofgem to make sure that the most vulnerable households are protected—especially this winter—and, crucially, we are developing the priority services register that vulnerable households, including those that are disabled or face particular needs, can sign up to for free to receive extra help with their energy supplier, but as I said, I will ensure that the relevant Minister meets with Marie Curie and the hon.
Lady.
Prioritising connecting towns in the north of England is a big part of Network North, so you will be pleased that I have a suggestion, Mr Speaker.