The original decisions were taken in good faith in the understanding that prosecutions were properly conducted and that assertions about the robustness of the Horizon system were true.
But, as I said earlier, these are exceptional circumstances and we need to act quickly and decisively.
Time is one thing that we and the convicted postmasters do not have.
Our arrangement will apply to all those convicted in England and Wales based on Post Office investigations, including those prosecuted by other bodies who relied on the product of those investigations; the fruit of a poisoned tree.
We have plenty more work to do on the solution.
We need to prepare the legislation, and I want to discuss our solution with the advisory board, which I am meeting later this afternoon.
Some prosecutions have been undertaken in Scotland and Northern Ireland, where justice is devolved.
We are, of course, engaging with the Scottish and Northern Irish Administrations in respect of wrongful convictions in their jurisdictions.
We will do those things as quickly as we can and keep the House informed.
The House will have heard that we are well aware of the imperfections of the solution.
I am sure that that will attract some critics, but when they criticise I invite them to say what they would do otherwise.
Would they leave many people suffering under the burden of unjust convictions for many years—perhaps forever—with no access to compensation, or would they create some administrative process for deciding innocence, which would be more onerous for the victims?
I very much hope that the whole House will stand with the Government to deliver rapid justice to convicted postmasters who have been waiting much, much too long.
I will extend the time.
It was so important to get all of that on the record.
I believe that the Minister wanted to make a statement but was overruled.
At least we have certainly had that statement now.
As the Minister said, earlier this week many of us across the Chamber called for this appalling injustice to be solved in months, not years.
It looks as though the Government have responded correctly to that call, ensuring swift justice.
But there are undoubtedly difficult constitutional and legal issues involved, as he laid out in detail.
Some of the victims that I have spoken to say they need an individual exoneration rather than a grand pardon because they are understandably concerned about being bracketed with the very small number of people who will actually not be innocent.
Will the Minister undertake to continue looking into this matter and address the quite proper concerns of the legitimate victims?
I would also welcome further elaboration on compensation.
Fujitsu, which has played a central role in the scandal, is still at the heart of Government IT systems.
Will Fujitsu will be required to meet some of the costs of the undoubtedly enormously expensive compensation that we are paying out?
Finally, will the Government accelerate the investigations to convict those who are really guilty of causing the scandal by perverting the course of justice?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for the urgent question and for his collaboration with us on these matters.
We have looked carefully at the issue of individual exonerations and did not see any way possible to do that without an exhaustive and time-consuming administrative process, which would add further burdens to those that people have already suffered.
The other issue is getting people to come forward again, which has been one of the major problems in getting people to appeal their convictions.
We see the solution that we have adopted as very much the lesser of two evils.
Nevertheless, we are keen to discuss mitigations and safeguards with other Members of the House.