We have had four years of him as Labour leader and it is still all slogan and no plan.
Just this weekend, we are delivering on our plan to cut people’s taxes; he does not have a plan.
We have a plan to stop the boats; he does not have a plan.
And we have a plan to get people off welfare and into work; he does not have a single idea.
It is crystal clear: stick with us to deliver the long-term change that the country needs; do not go back to square one with him. [
Hon.
Members: “More!”]
rose—
More!
Let the hon.
Member ask the question before shouting for more.
They just know that it is going to be fantastic, Mr Speaker.
A happy new year to you anyway.
It is almost spring, when a young man’s fancy turns to tax.
In Scotland, the nationalists have decided to increase taxes on hard-working people.
In Wales, businesses are being clobbered by a 5% increase on rates.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that there is only one party in this Chamber that can be trusted to cut taxes for hard-working people across the country, and that is the Conservative party?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Just this weekend, we are cutting taxes for an average person in work by £450.
In Wales, where Labour  is in charge, the Welsh Government are raising them, with businesses there now seeing double the rate of business rates this year.
It is the same in Scotland under the SNP.
It is the new high-tax capital of the United Kingdom because of the SNP’s tax-hiking decisions.
Mr Speaker, while we have a plan to cut your taxes, Labour and the SNP are going to raise them.
I call the leader of the SNP.
The Horizon system was introduced by Tony Blair, the former Labour party leader and of course now a Knight of the Garter.
The Horizon system was defended by the current leader of the Liberal Democrats, himself a Knight Bachelor.
The Horizon system scandal was overseen by a former Conservative Prime Minister who now hides in the House of Lords as a baron.
The reality is that sub-postmasters never stood a chance against the Westminster establishment, did they?
As I have said, this is actually one of the greatest miscarriages of justice in our country’s history.
All our thoughts are with those who have worked so hard for their communities and have seen their lives and reputations destroyed.
As the hon.
Gentleman pointed out, this scandal has unfolded over decades, with multiple people clearly at fault.
Since the High Court case in 2019, this Government have established a statutory inquiry led by Sir Wyn Williams to uncover what went wrong, established an independent advisory board and established three different compensation schemes paying out £150 million to more than 2,500 people, with now almost two thirds having received final compensation.
But we must go further and faster, which is why we have made new announcements today.
I do not think that the Prime Minister quite gets it.
This is not just a plague on all their houses; it is a plague on this House itself, because injustice goes far beyond the sub-postmasters—just ask the Women Against State Pension Inequality Campaign, the victims of the Equitable Life scandal, the victims of the infected blood scandal, or the families of the victims of Grenfell or Hillsborough.
The reality is that when the public come knocking on the doors of this Chamber seeking justice, the Government only ever answer when they have no options left.
The Leader of the Opposition said last week that the public are right to be angry at Westminster.
They are angry at Westminster because they know that this place never really changes, does it, Prime Minister?
I am sad that the hon.