The Leader of the Opposition said last week that the public are right to be angry at Westminster.
They are angry at Westminster because they know that this place never really changes, does it, Prime Minister?
I am sad that the hon.
Gentleman is trying to politicise something that has happened over multiple decades, with multiple people at fault.
The key thing is that after the 2019 High Court case the Government acted to establish an independent inquiry and independent compensation schemes, and as I said, we have paid out compensation to 2,500 people.
Rather than trying to politicise it, we should be focusing on the people affected and making sure that they get the answers, justice and compensation that they deserve.
That is what we are delivering.
I made a promise to a grandad in my constituency, after he told me that he had not dared to speak up when his grandson  came home saying, “Today, we were learning if we were in the wrong body.”
Draft schools guidance to support gender-questioning children was published just before Christmas and is out to public consultation, but given that we have all seen many individuals very publicly cancelled—losing their jobs, reputation and relationships for simply supporting biological reality or championing fairness, women’s safety or child protection—how will honest and open engagement be managed through this very important and sensitive consultation process?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her important question.
She is right about the safety and wellbeing of children being paramount in our thoughts.
That is at the heart of the guidance that we have published for consultation.
Parents fundamentally must be involved in decisions about their children’s lives, and their involvement is a key part of the guidance.
She is right that there is a consultation process.
That is an opportunity for everyone to engage with the guidance.
I also agree that those championing safety or talking about the importance of biological sex should absolutely have the freedom to express those views.
She will see those views expressed in the guidance too.
I thank the Prime Minister for the £3.3 billion financial package that is now available to any restored Northern Ireland Executive; however, we still need a discussion around the long-term financial framework before the next spending review.
At present, Northern Ireland’s public services are in a huge crisis, especially health, with urgent public sector pay pressures that must be addressed.
Last month, the Secretary of State said that the negotiations with the Democratic Unionist party over the Windsor framework had concluded.
Does the Prime Minister recognise the real dangers of continued drift in Northern Ireland, and the urgent need for Northern Ireland to have a Government?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question.
Our focus has always been on delivering for the people of Northern Ireland, who rightly expect and deserve their locally elected decision-makers to address the issues that matter to them.
We have held talks with the DUP and believe that significant progress has been made, and that there is now a very good basis for the Executive to be restored.
I thank him for his comments about the £3 billion financial package.
With that, there is a real chance to restore the Executive, resolve pay for public sector workers rapidly, and get Northern Ireland and its public services moving again.
The Atherleigh Way bypass in Leigh was first proposed over 60 years ago, but to this day remains unfinished.
I recently met representatives of Wigan Council, Warrington Borough Council and St Helens Borough Council, as well as the Mayor of Greater Manchester, and I am pleased to say that an agreement in principle has been reached to bring forward proposals to complete the bypass.
Will the Prime Minister also throw his support behind this vital project for my constituents in Leigh?
I commend my hon.
Friend for all his work bringing local authorities and the mayor together to drive this important project forward.