Interruption.]
You will see from the loud cheer the popularity of the former Minister, Mr Speaker, and let me take the opportunity to thank him for his hard work and dedication to the science, innovation and technology agenda.
He worked very hard on the science and technology framework, an important pillar of which, as he knows, is procurement, and I absolutely agree with the sentiments he echoed.
The Prime Minister was asked—
If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 10 January.
This morning, I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
Happy new year to you, Mr Speaker.
Now then, the Horizon Post Office scandal saw hundreds of innocent people sent to prison—people like a former constituent of mine who went to jail for three years.
During this scandal, the leader of the Liberal Democrats was the Minister in charge of the Post Office.
This is the same Liberal Democrat leader who in the past has called for the resignation of over 30 prominent people in this country who have made mistakes in their jobs.
So does the Prime Minister agree that the leader of the Lib Dems should take his own advice and start by clearing his desk, clearing his diary and clearing off?
This is one of the greatest miscarriages of justice in our nation’s history.
People who worked hard to serve their communities had their lives and reputations destroyed, through absolutely no fault of their own.
The victims must get justice and compensation.
Sir Wyn Williams’ inquiry is undertaking crucial work to expose what went wrong, and we have paid almost £150 million in compensation, to more than 2,500 victims.
But today I can announce that we will introduce new primary legislation to make sure that those convicted as a result of the Horizon scandal are swiftly exonerated and compensated.
We will also introduce a new up-front payment of £75,000 for the vital GLO—group litigation order—group of postmasters.
May I also thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Thirsk and Malton (Kevin Hollinrake)  for all his hard work on this issue?
He will set out more details to the House shortly.
We will make sure that the truth comes to light, we right the wrongs of the past and the victims get the justice they deserve.
I call the Leader of the Opposition.
I heard what the Prime Minister just said about the Post Office scandal.
It is a huge injustice; people lost their lives, their liberty and their livelihood, and they have been waiting far too long for the truth, for justice and for compensation.
So I am glad that the Prime Minister is putting forward a proposal.
We will look at the details, and it is the job of all of us to make sure that it delivers the justice that is so needed.
Back in 2022, when Boris Johnson claimed he would send asylum seekers to Rwanda, one ambitious Tory MP had reservations.
He agreed with Labour that it would not work, it was a waste of money and it was the latest in a long line of gimmicks.
Does the Prime Minister know what happened to that MP?
What the right hon.
and learned Gentleman refers to is a document that he has not seen and I have not seen, and that has been reported second hand in a bunch of media newspapers.
What I can tell him is that I am absolutely clear that we need to stop the boats—that is what this Government and that MP are going to deliver.
I notice that the Prime Minister did not deny it.
I am not surprised, with £400 million of taxpayer money down the drain, no one sent to Rwanda and small boats still coming.