What I can tell him is that I am absolutely clear that we need to stop the boats—that is what this Government and that MP are going to deliver.
I notice that the Prime Minister did not deny it.
I am not surprised, with £400 million of taxpayer money down the drain, no one sent to Rwanda and small boats still coming.
It is hardly a surprise that he wanted to scrap the scheme when he was trying to sneak in as Tory leader, but he has been caught red-handed opposing the very thing that he has now made his flagship policy.
Which Member should we listen to: the one before us today or the one who used to believe in something?
I have always been crystal clear: you do need to have an effective deterrence to finally solve this problem.
In fact, the National Crime Agency agrees that you need
“an effective removals and deterrence agreement.”
That is why, after becoming Prime Minister, I negotiated a new deal with Albania, thanks to which we have seen a 93% drop in illegal arrivals from Albania.
That is how Australia stopped the boats.
That is why Italy, Germany and Austria are all looking at similar schemes.
He is the only one who is opposed to a proper deterrent, not because it does not work but because he does not actually believe in controlling migration.
Every single time, he picks the people smugglers over the British people.
We should smash the gangs, process the claims and end hotel use: that is our plan, but, unlike the Prime Minister, I believe in it. [
Interruption.]
Order.
I have got to hear the questions.
I do not want interruptions.
This is a very important topic and I take it seriously.
I hope Members also wish to start taking it seriously.
Last year, the Prime Minister started the year saying he was Mr Steady.
Then, at his conference, he was Mr Change.
Now he has flipped back to Mr More-of-the-Same.
It does not matter how many relaunches and flip-flops he does—he will always be Mr Nobody.
Here is the tragedy of his leadership: he spends the whole time trying to convince people not to believe their own eyes, pretending that debt is falling, the economy is going gangbusters and the NHS is in great shape.
When he finally finds something he was right about—the Rwanda gimmick—he cannot even take credit for it.
When is he going to stop pretending that up is down and black is white, and admit that whether it is on the economy, immigration or the NHS, he has failed?
Well, let us just go through his checklist.
He talked about the backlog: 112,000 decisions made last year, a higher number than in any year in these past two decades.
He talked about hotels: the  first 50 are being closed and there are more to come.
He talked about the numbers: they were down by over a third last year, which is the first time that has happened.
And then he talked about smashing the gangs.
If he does care about smashing the gangs, why does he not own up to the fact that when it came to the Nationality and Borders Act 2022, he blocked, delayed and voted against the powers in that Act?
That Act has allowed us to arrest hundreds and hundreds of people connected with that illegal trade, who have been sentenced to hundreds of years in prison.
He opposed that because he chooses the criminal gangs over the British people every time. [
Hon.
Members: “More!]
Order.
I don’t think we are having more.
We can all see what has happened here.
Just like he knows that debt is not falling and taxes are going up, he knows the Rwanda gimmick will not work, but he cannot be honest about it because he is too scared of his own MPs.