Will the Prime Minister also throw his support behind this vital project for my constituents in Leigh?
I commend my hon.
Friend for all his work bringing local authorities and the mayor together to drive this important project forward.
I know that the Rail Minister is meeting my hon.
Friend to  discuss this proposal and ensure that we can deliver things like this.
As part of Network North, there will be significant new funding announced for local highway improvements.
I would encourage my hon.
Friend to work with stakeholders to progress this important scheme and ensure that they can bid for that funding when it becomes available.
Can I ask the Prime Minister very simply, for the public record, whether he personally met Mr Akhil Tripathi in April last year prior to Mr Tripathi giving him £38,000 for the hire of a private jet?
All my declarations are made in the usual way according to the usual processes.
The Prime Minister knows that I set up and chair the caucus of 35 Conservative Members of Parliament who have Britain’s longest river flowing through their constituencies—the River Severn.
We have submitted a business case to the Chancellor for £500 million to finally tame the River Severn, and I know that his officials are currently looking at those proposals.
To tame the River Severn would lead to a gross-value-added uplift in the west midlands of over £150 billion.
The Prime Minister has seen this week the horrendous damage and misery caused in Shropshire and all the way along the River Severn by the river flooding yet again.
We really need to see in the spring Budget further assistance for communities such as mine finally to deal with these annual floods.
I start by saying that my thoughts are with all those affected by the devastating impact of Storm Henk and the flooding that we have seen over the past week or two, including those in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
Action is already being undertaken under our six-year, £5.2 billion investment programme to better protect land across the River Severn catchment area and elsewhere, but I know the Minister responsible for flooding met my hon.
Friend, along with the Environment Agency, in his constituency just before Christmas to discuss the specific plans he mentions.
I know the Chancellor has received and started reviewing them.
I assure my hon.
Friend that the Environment Agency is working closely with other partners to explore his plans in more detail.
Since the outbreak of war in Gaza, over 23,000 Palestinians have been killed, including 10,000 children, and forced displacement is causing a humanitarian catastrophe.
There is intensifying fighting between Hezbollah and Israel, a crisis in shipping security in the Red sea, and the engulfing of neighbouring countries into a regional conflict.
De-escalation will occur only when hostilities cease in Gaza.
The Foreign Secretary said yesterday that he was “worried” Israel may have broken international law, and the International Court of Justice is opening hearings in The Hague this week in relation to suspected breaches of obligations under the Geneva convention.
Will the Prime Minister make public the legal advice that our Government requested and  received on suspected breaches of international law by Israel and the implications for UK policy, including relevant arms exports?
We continue to call for international humanitarian law to be respected and for civilians to be protected.
That is what our current legal assessment says is happening: that, as the Foreign Secretary outlined yesterday, Israel plans to act within international humanitarian law and has the ability to do so.
But we are deeply concerned about the impact on the civilian population in Gaza.
That is why we have trebled the amount of aid that we provide to the region, and just recently we sent our first maritime shipment of aid to Egypt.