In October, the Government announced the £60 million regional innovation fund to boost university support for regional economic growth.
Wales was allocated £3.4 million through the Barnett formula.
However, disappointingly, there is no evidence of that money  having been spent on its intended purpose in Wales.
What assistance can the Minister provide to encourage the Welsh Government to invest Wales’s proportion of the regional innovation fund in boosting the Welsh economy?
As my hon.
Friend said, the recently announced regional innovation fund is providing £60 million of funding across the United Kingdom to harness the strength of our universities.
It is intensely disappointing that the Labour Government in Wales have not seen fit to spend that in the same way.
Ultimately, that is a decision for the Labour Government, and I am sure that the electorate will hold them to account for that.
Private investment will need to ratchet up significantly if it is to offset the loss to the research sector that we are seeing as international student applications plummet as a result of Government policy.
What are the Minister and his colleagues doing to offset that decline in resources?
Once again, it is an enormous shame that the hon.
Member for the wonderful cluster of Cambridgeshire is so keen to talk down the United Kingdom at every opportunity.
This Government are mobilising more public funding for research and development than ever before, and mobilising private investment capital on the back of that—£2 for every £1 that the Government put in.
Yesterday I was talking to a Minister in the Lobby, and he referred to how impressed he was by the Northern Ireland workforce.
I am equally impressed, as the Member for Strangford.
When it comes to research and development across the United Kingdom, what is Northern Ireland getting to help our workforce grow, to train our people and to make us an integral part of this United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland?
Having visited Northern Ireland, I am aware of just how innovative and highly skilled it is, and how much opportunity and headroom there is.
It is very important to me, as the Minister for Science and Research, that Northern Ireland punches above its weight.
I would be delighted to visit Northern Ireland to meet businesses, entrepreneurs and innovators there.
What steps her Department is taking to help ensure that vulnerable customers are supported when their phone lines are transitioned to the digital network.
On  14 December , I convened the UK’s leading telecom providers to discuss the next steps to protect vulnerable households when providers upgrade phone lines.
As a result, telecom providers have now signed a charter, committing to concrete measures to protect vulnerable households.
This is a positive step by industry to make sure that safety continues to be at the heart of the nationwide switchover.
A concern about the new digital network for vulnerable people in North West Norfolk who rely on personal alarms in emergencies is loss of service  in a power cut.
Will my right hon.
Friend ensure that those welcome new protections deliver robust back-up plans in such circumstances, and that they are clearly communicated to customers?
I absolutely agree that the power resilience of our digital infrastructure is key to keeping people connected.
As part of signing up to the voluntary charter, the main communication providers have promised to work towards providing more powerful back-up solutions that go beyond Ofcom’s minimum requirements.
I have had multiple conversations with Ofcom on this matter.
It is now consulting, with the aim of further strengthening the UK’s resilience on power cuts.
Rural connectivity remains a huge problem in my constituency.
As the Secretary of State said, the charter has been introduced.
However, it was introduced over a year into the process, when things had already gone wrong.
What is she going to do to rectify that?
I would like to correct the hon.
Member.