The hon.
Member for Manchester Central (Lucy Powell)  asks me about the SNP.
I am sure that we will come to that shortly, but the Greens leaving the coalition provides the Labour party with an opportunity.
I thought a memo had gone out to Labour Front Benchers saying that they should go easy on the SNP, with a view to perhaps forming some sort of coalition or alliance with it north of the border.
The hon.
Lady and her party talk a good talk—she just has on childcare, ensuring that people have a warm and secure home, and levelling up the Tees Valley—but it is the Conservatives who are delivering the largest expansion of free childcare.
It is the Conservatives who have built 2.5 million new homes and are getting people on the housing ladder, and it is the Conservative Mayor Ben Houchen who has delivered regeneration for the Tees Valley and an employment rate 3% above the  national average.
In response to the point about the need for more and better competition, the Conservatives are introducing legislation and schemes to strengthen the arm of the consumer, such as FairFuelUK’s PumpWatch.
Labour’s answer reduces competition further and is a return to the British Rail sandwich.
The hon.
Lady touts the move that was announced today.
The shadow Transport Secretary,  the hon.
Member for Sheffield, Heeley (Louise Haigh) , says that the change will be done at zero cost, but we read that it will actually require £10 billion of additional funding and will not deliver any fare decreases or improved services.
It is socialist ideology over practicality.
Even Lew Adams, ASLEF’s former secretary-general, said:
“in the public sector, all we got were cuts, cuts, cuts.
And today there are more members in the trade union, more train drivers, and more trains running.
The reality is that it worked, we’ve protected jobs, and we got more jobs.”
The hon.
Member for Manchester Central raises the issue of Rwanda.
In response to the British Government’s need to control foreign nationals’ access to the UK, the Conservatives have been doing the hard yards of institutional and legal reform.
We have introduced legislation establishing the Rwanda scheme, and the Home Secretary is working to modernise the international frameworks that govern it.
In contrast, Labour has voted hundreds of times against that legislation, and says that it will scrap the Rwanda scheme even if it is working.
Instead, it is pursuing a quota scheme that would see immigration rise.
We will never do that.
The hon.
Lady talks of change, but the Labour party has not changed at all.
While Labour Members have been scoffing prawn cocktail, they have been devising 70 new business burdens that they plan on introducing.
While posing next to submarines, Labour Members—several Front-Bench Members—voted to scrap our deterrent and are refusing to match our baseline on defence spending.
While Labour Members criticise and sneer at those who celebrate the St George’s flag, they are allowing some of them to occupy the Labour Front Bench.
Today’s Labour party is packed with the same old socialists and a few new plastic patriots, and no amount of window dressing—
On a point of order, Madam Deputy Speaker. [
Interruption.]
Order.
Before the Leader of the House finishes, I can take a point of order if it relates directly to the matters that we are discussing.
Absolutely, Madam Deputy Speaker.
The Leader of the House is misleading the House. [
Interruption.]
The Leader of the House just said—
Order.
Hold on.
The hon.
Lady cannot accuse the Leader of the House of misleading the House.
That would be quite wrong and, if the Leader of the House had done something along those lines, I would have stopped her immediately.
If the hon.
Lady means that she disagrees with the Leader of the House, that is a different matter.
Madam Deputy Speaker, it is a matter of fact that Labour Members celebrated St George’s day.