Gentleman will know, shortly before taking office the Foreign Secretary not only had all his interests properly reviewed by the propriety and ethics team in my Department, but went through them with the independent adviser on ministers’ interests.
The independent adviser set out all relevant interests, and those have been published, so the information is transparently out there for people to be able to judge for themselves.
Ever since the monster Cyril Smith, formally of this House, but initially mayor of Rochdale, the town has been blighted by scandals of grooming and cover-up.
We currently have 64 men on bail on grooming charges in Rochdale.
The previous Labour mayor of Rochdale and the next mayor of Rochdale—the King’s representatives—were both investigated on charges of sexual malpractice towards young girls in their employ, with all the power imbalances that that implies.
Self-regulation, with no investigation by any outside party—how can this be right?
What will the Minister do to help me to clean up Rochdale?
As the hon.
Gentleman will know, any criminal allegations are properly a matter for the courts, and he would not expect a Minister to comment on them from this Dispatch Box.
If he wishes to write to me in respect of the further allegations he makes, I will be happy to take them up myself or with ministerial colleagues.
What consideration has been given to the merits of making it illegal for public sector bodies to pay ransoms if they are the victim of a ransomware attack?
That is a good question; it is something the Government continue to keep open and under review.
The argument against doing so is that it could discourage companies that are subject to ransomware attacks from reporting them, for example to the National Cyber Security Centre.
Those reports help us to gather intelligence on the nature of those threats and to work with victims to resolve them.
It is not something I rule out totally, but that is the reason that we have not imposed it so far.
The Minister for Veterans’ Affairs,  the right hon.
Member for Plymouth, Moor View (Johnny Mercer) , will know that many councils in Northern Ireland have appointed veterans’ champions.
Will he join me in acknowledging the work that many veterans’ champions do?
Will he also call on the wide range of political parties on councils in Northern Ireland to offer their unstinting support to those champions to help to deliver services to veterans?
Yes, of course.
We have made extraordinary progress on veterans affairs in Northern Ireland.
I recognise and have always recognised the unique difficulties of that.
Veterans’ services, and ensuring that these people are looked after because of their service, should not be at   the whim of different political parties.
I am working at pace to establish an outpost of the Office for Veterans’ Affairs in Northern Ireland to create an environment where everyone can work together and pull together all the different services to get veterans’ care in Northern Ireland up to the same level as in England.
I look forward to working with the hon.
Gentleman and other elected representatives out there from all parties to make sure that we do the right thing.
With two former Conservative Prime Ministers having recently contravened the ministerial code—twice, in the case of Boris Johnson—and the Radcliffe rules, in the case of his successor,  the right hon.
Member for South West Norfolk (Elizabeth Truss) , is it now Tory party policy to routinely ignore the rules?
If not, what sanctions will they face?
The hon.
Lady is correct to say that the book by the former Prime Minister, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for South West Norfolk (Elizabeth Truss) , was reviewed under the Radcliffe rules.
The Cabinet Office did not clear it.
The overwhelming majority of books that are submitted do comply.
We will have to keep these matters under review.