The Cabinet Office did not clear it.
The overwhelming majority of books that are submitted do comply.
We will have to keep these matters under review.
This is a very simple question to the Deputy Prime Minister: does the Foreign Secretary stand recused in any aspect of his job by virtue of his financial interests, either now or before he was appointed to his post—yes or no?
The Labour party keep on pushing on this point, but I refer the hon.
Gentleman to the latest list of ministerial interests, which was published in December and provides details of Minister’s interests, including those of the Foreign Secretary, that are judged by the independent adviser to be relevant, or could be perceived to be relevant, to their ministerial roles.
All of it is there in the public domain.
With reference to the written questions that the Parliamentary Secretary to the Cabinet Office has answered, can he outline what the Government consider to be the difference between a foreign court and an international court?
We have answered this question on a number of occasions.
The Paymaster General told my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston upon Hull North (Dame Diana Johnson)  that he could not give a timeline with regard to the infected blood scandal compensation.
This subject is raised on an almost daily basis in this House by Members on both sides, because our constituents just cannot understand why it is taking so long.
Can he at least give an indication of when he thinks compensation might begin to be paid?
It is especially important given that, as I understand it, one victim of the scandal dies every four days.
The answer to this is to be found when we issue the comprehensive response to the inquiry, as soon as possible after  20 May .
Legislation is going through  the other place to make good on the amendment that was passed in this House by virtue of the advocacy and leadership of  the right hon.
Member for Kingston upon Hull North (Dame Diana Johnson) .
We have announced that we will make some interim payments to the estates of those deceased infected who have not yet received any money, but the substantive response to translate 18 recommendations into meaningful and actionable responses for a wide community over 40 or 50 years obviously demands a lot of work to quantify and get the process right.
We will update the House as quickly as possible after  20 May .
Just now, the Deputy Prime Minister raised the issue of the £75 billion public spending announcement.
Would he care to tell the House why, after 14 years in power, it takes an upcoming general election for him and his party to make defence spending policies?
It may have escaped the hon.
Gentleman’s attention, but Russia has invaded Ukraine and Iran’s proxies are attacking our allies in the middle east.
That demands a response from the Government, and it has been provided by the Prime Minister.
It is very notable that the Labour party is failing to match that commitment.
Papers at an employment tribunal last week reported that Rowaa Ahmar, a former civil servant, stated that
“the racism within the Cabinet Office appeared to be unrelenting and systemic”,
and that, despite having a role as head of policy in the Government’s illegal migration taskforce, she was made unwelcome at meetings about the Rwanda plan because of her views on the racist ultra-hostility of the policies.
Is Ms Ahmar right that speaking up against racism in the Cabinet Office is a career death sentence?
I do not accept that at all.
Of course, Ms Ahmar withdrew her allegations completely on the eve of having them scrutinised at the higher tribunal, so I do not accept that, and it is absolutely right that senior civil servants take action when there are performance issues with the staff under them, without fear of allegations being made against them.