The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right to raise this issue.
We have tremendous strengths in national cyber-security, and there are many relevant institutions around the country.
I have visited universities in Wales that are churning out brilliant graduates.
We need to do more at secondary school level to encourage more children to get involved in cyber-security, because the demand is only going to increase in the months and years ahead, and I have been engaging with the Education Secretary on precisely this point.
We have all seen in recent weeks how weak cyber-security can compromise elected representatives and lead to the extraction of often compromising information.
Could the Minister update the House on what he is doing to provide support and technology specifically to elected representatives to make sure that this does not happen in the future?
This is an important issue, which is why we established the National Cyber Security Centre.
It brings together Government Communications Headquarters expertise with that of the Cabinet Office, the Foreign Office and others.
Through the National Cyber Security Centre, we work with the House authorities and others to make sure that they have sufficient and appropriate advice, but also to advise on equipment and the general security of Members of Parliament.
If they have concerns about their cyber-security, I would urge them either to get in contact directly with the National Security Cyber Centre or to do so through the relevant House authorities.
I call the shadow Minister.
The Secretary of State is right to say that the threat is intensifying.
Late last year, the Joint Committee on the National Security Strategy urged the Government to offer more active support on cyber-security to local authorities.
He may be aware that last month my own local authority, Leicester City Council, suffered a hugely sophisticated attack, which disrupted many local authority services and has hugely inconvenienced many of my constituents, who rely on those services.
Given that we are seeing more of these ransomware group attacks on public institutions across the world and that he says, rightly, that the threat is intensifying, what urgent support and guidance is he offering local councils, such as mine in Leicester?
Specifically in relation to the hon.
Gentleman’s local authority, I have been briefed by the National Cyber Security Centre on that incident.
He is totally right to say it is a significant and serious incident, and we are working on remediation through the National Cyber Security Centre.
To prevent this type of attack from happening in the first place, we invested £2.6 billion in the national cyber strategy, which is about improving cyber-resilience and reducing legacy technology.
I have been quite open with the House in saying that the threat is intensifying because we see hostile states creating environments in which cyber-criminals can flourish, both for their own benefit and for the benefit of those hostile states.
We are working through our intelligence agencies and the National Cyber Security Centre to continuously improve our performance.
What steps his Department is taking to strengthen national security.
Protecting national security is the Government’s first duty.
On Tuesday, the Prime Minister announced a fully funded plan to increase our defence spending by £75 billion over the next six years.
As part of this uplift, we will bring forward a national defence and resilience plan, building on the resilience framework and integrated review to respond to the evolving threats we face.
We are bringing our defence and civilian preparations together to reflect the interconnectedness of those threats.
The Cabinet Office plays a central role in this endeavour, co-ordinating strategy through Cobra, resilience directorates and the National Security Council.
In the past week, three people in Germany have been arrested on suspicion of spying for China and two have been charged in the UK.
This comes on the back of the Intelligence and Security Committee report which concluded that the Government have no strategy or whole-system—whole-Government —approach to deal with this serious threat.