May we have a debate on the Floor of the House on the NSOIT’s role?
I thank the hon.
Lady for raising that.
She will know that there are ways in which any concerns about things such as election literature can be addressed.
Clearly, if she thinks a criminal offence has been committed, she should raise that with the police.
I suggest that that is the best course of action for her.
Our sanctions on the Russian Federation are much needed, but they are being undermined by a weak, politically compromised global anti-money laundering system, which means that Russia is not on any domestic money laundering blacklist.
May we have a debate on how we can strengthen our anti-money laundering regulations, particularly to make sure that Putin cannot use UK businesses to finance his illegal war in Ukraine, as he is now?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that important matter.
She is absolutely right.
She will know that in March the Treasury launched a consultation on anti-money laundering regulations to further strengthen the effectiveness of that regime, and to ensure that they responding to emerging changes and that the burdens placed on businesses are appropriate.
I will make sure that the relevant Minister has heard her interest in this matter and that she is updated.
Unfortunately, this morning many of my constituents find themselves in the same position as the two now former Scottish Green Ministers, in that they have been cut off from government services.
In Kirkliston, the post office is going to close, which will deny many of my constituents access to vital government services and to cash, as no banking facility is available within easy reach by public transport.
I know that the Minister of State, Department for Business and Trade,  the hon.
Member for Thirsk and Malton (Kevin Hollinrake) , is very busy dealing with the Horizon scandal, but could he come to the House to give us an update on why so many post offices across the country are closing and leaving constituents in the same position as mine?
I am sorry to hear that that is happening in the hon.
Lady’s constituency and I will certainly make sure that the Post Office Minister has heard what she has said today.
I will also ask officials at the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities to get in contact with her office.
She will know that where this has happened in communities and people are not able to get access to free cash services, or banks or other bricks-and-mortar premises are closing, there are ways in which to ensure that businesses and individuals have access to those services.
The Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities has a good best practice guide on how that can be delivered.
I bring good news from Kettering, where Kettering General Hospital has become the first hospital in the whole of Europe to insert into more than 100 patients the very latest, special, state-of-the-art implantation loop recorders, which diagnose heart rhythm disturbances such as atrial fibrillation; in fact, 178 local patients have now benefited from that innovative diagnostic tool.
May we have a statement from the Leader of the House congratulating Kettering General Hospital and its superb cardiac team on that wonderful achievement?
We all look forward in business questions to more good news from Kettering.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on all the work he has done in supporting the hospital and in securing the £1.2 million-worth of  funding that was given to expand and upgrade its facilities.
We can all be proud that the hospital is one of the first in Europe to fit those devices, which will make a huge difference to patients, and I am sure that everyone here would want to congratulate Kettering General Hospital and its cardiac team on that landmark achievement.