Is Ms Ahmar right that speaking up against racism in the Cabinet Office is a career death sentence?
I do not accept that at all.
Of course, Ms Ahmar withdrew her allegations completely on the eve of having them scrutinised at the higher tribunal, so I do not accept that, and it is absolutely right that senior civil servants take action when there are performance issues with the staff under them, without fear of allegations being made against them.
Further to the question asked by my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston upon Hull North (Dame Diana Johnson)  about the infected blood scandal, the Cumberlege report highlighted over three years ago the need for redress for victims of the sodium valproate, vaginal mesh and Primodos scandals.
What progress has been made on redress for those victims?
I am sorry; I am not able to give an answer on those other scandals.
There was a Backbench Business debate on redress schemes last Thursday, to which the Parliamentary Secretary, Cabinet Office, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Brentwood and Ongar (Alex Burghart)  replied.
I believe that work is ongoing, but I will have to write to the hon.
Gentleman to give him a thorough answer on the matter.
On a point of order, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I appreciate that standards may have changed since I was last in this place, but in answer to the question asked by  the hon.
Member for Glasgow North (Patrick Grady) , the Parliamentary Secretary, Cabinet Office,  the hon.
Member for Brentwood and Ongar (Alex Burghart) , rose to the Dispatch Box and said, “We have answered this question on a number of occasions.”
Can that possibly be a legitimate ministerial answer?
After all, that could be the answer to virtually every question that is ever asked in this House.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his point of order.
I cannot help agreeing with his final point, having sat in the Chair for   thousands of hours and heard the same question answered again and again.
He makes a very good point: Ministers are responsible, and have a duty to answer the question again and again.
However, if the Minister thought—today or at any other time—that the appropriate answer in the circumstances was the one that the hon.
Gentleman just quoted, that is not something that I can criticise, or a matter on which I can take action.
As Mr Speaker has said many times, and as I am very pleased to repeat, what Ministers say at the Dispatch Box is not a matter for the Chair.
The hon.
Gentleman’s point of order has brought us perfectly to just after 10.30 am.
We can therefore proceed to the business question.
I ask the Leader of the House for the forthcoming business.
The business for the week commencing  29 April  will include:
Monday 29 April —Consideration in Committee and remaining stages of the Post Office (Horizon System) Offences Bill.
Tuesday 30 April —Consideration of Lords amendments to the Digital Markets, Competition and Consumers Bill.
Wednesday 1 May —Remaining stages of the Automated Vehicles Bill [Lords].
Thursday 2 May —Debate on a motion on security in the western Balkans, followed by a general debate on pension schemes.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
The House of Commons will rise for the early May bank holiday at the conclusion of business on  Thursday 2 May  and return on  Tuesday 7 May .
The provisional business for the week commencing  6 May  will include:
Monday 6 May —The House will not be sitting.
Tuesday 7 May —General debate on defence.
Wednesday 8 May —Consideration in Committee of the Finance (No.
2) Bill.
Thursday 9 May —Business to be determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 10 May —The House will not be sitting.