The clubs do not just happen, so I pay tribute to the volunteers and those who turn up every week to administrate them.
Those people do not just talk a good game on veterans; they get in there, volunteer, spend their time and really care, so I pay tribute to all of them.
Today is Anzac Day, when we remember Australians and New Zealanders who gave so much.
In an increasingly dangerous world, will my right hon.
Friend join me in paying tribute to veterans in Australia, New Zealand, here in the UK and right across the Commonwealth, to whom we owe so much?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising the question.
Anzac Day is an incredibly important day.
I was in Australia only a few months ago.
We are only as strong as our relationships with our allies.
They have made an extraordinary contribution to world peace, particularly during the world wars.
I pay tribute to veterans across the globe.
It is not easy fighting wars, particularly wars of choice that are not global conflicts, and then coming back and reintegrating into society.
Veterans can be incredibly proud of their service.
People like me and my counterparts in Australia and elsewhere will continue to strive night and day to improve their lot in civil society when they return.
I will be laying a wreath on behalf of the House.
What recent assessment he has made of the adequacy of public sector procurement of digital goods and services.
The Government recognise how vital digital products and services are for delivering public services.
The digital, data and technology playbook provides best practice guidance for the procurement of digital products and services.
The playbook is updated annually, most recently in June 2023.
Departments are responsible for ensuring that public services delivered by the private sector represent value for money.
Digital services procurement should be a win, win, win: the British public get better services, businesses get a good and reliable customer, and public services are reduced in cost.
However, that is not the case under this Government.
Departments are locked into single-source providers and dependent on legacy systems.
The National Audit Office itself said that procurement was not competitive enough.
As an example of that, can the Minister say how competitive cloud service provision is across his Government?
Will he set out how he is using open source to boost competitiveness in digital services procurement?
We have a highly successful commercial function in Government, which is driving up value for money across all our commercial arrangements.
It monitors  contracts, before, during and after they have been in place, to ensure that we reduce the chances of issues such as lock-in.
I strongly advise the hon.
Lady to go and read the commercial function documentation—
I have.
I am sure she has not.
She should read the commercial function documentation that comes out of the Cabinet Office, because she will see, as has been shown successively, that it saves billions of pounds for the British taxpayer.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
The Cabinet Office continues to play a central co-ordinating role in protecting our national and economic security.
Last week, we published the response to the call for evidence on the National Security and Investment Act 2021, and I set out the steps we will take to fine-tune that system, including honing our approach to export controls, outward investment and providing more support to business.
Later, I will be convening a round table of university vice-chancellors to brief them on the security risks in research and academia, and to discuss how we address those.
All of that complements our plans for a generational £75 billion uplift in defence spending, including a new national defence and resilience plan, setting out a cross-Government approach to security, preparedness and resilience as a nation.