Lady says, we have now become the fourth largest exporter in the world.
I will not annoy the hon.
Lady by listing how well the nation is doing on trade, fishing and many of the things that we wanted to see improved to give people new opportunities, because I know it would irritate her.
It is no surprise to me that SNP Members do not want to face realities: they do not want to engage with the trader support service that is supporting business very well or with the fact that we are creating an interface directly between the IT systems in businesses and the legacy Government systems such as His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs so that we reduce bureaucracy for those traders and support them in meeting their ambitions.
It is no surprise that SNP Members do not want to deal with the reality of the situation given the reality of the situation now for the SNP, a minority Administration with their failings and some very serious issues that we all know are now subject to prosecution as well as investigation.
Not even the Greens want anything to do with them.
May I first pay tribute to Lord Field?
He was one of my political heroes, and I first met him when I was a 20-year-old student, along with my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Harlow (Robert Halfon) .
As his constituency Member of Parliament, I am delighted to inform the House that he continued to correspond with me on the issues and campaigns that he cared about until the very end of his life.
As part of our national health strategy, we rightly emphasise the importance of eating healthily and taking physical exercise, but we do not take sleep into account.
Today the Sleep Charity published “Dreaming of Change: a Manifesto for Sleep”, which highlights the serious mental and physical health problems that a lack of sleep can cause among both children and adults.
Would my right hon.
Friend consider a debate in Government time on the vital public health importance of getting more sleep?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that incredibly important issue.
We could run a positive public health campaign; rather than just telling people not to drink or smoke, we should also ask them whether they have had enough sleep.
We should be proud of the research that has been done in the UK.
Professor Russell Foster at Oxford University has done amazing work  which is leading to improvements in the general population, but particularly among veterans who have suffered blast injuries and lost their sight.
I would be happy to raise what my hon.
Friend has said with the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care, because I think that that would be a very good initiative.
I first associate myself with the comments about our old friend Frank, whom I knew for many years.
It is widely acknowledged, in this Chamber and elsewhere, that Iran is run and controlled by a bunch of clerical fascists and homicidal maniacs who have now taken to attacking people on British soil, which is a bit of a break with what used to happen.
However, there is a difference of opinion over how we should respond, especially with regard to the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps.
I know that we have had plenty of statements and urgent questions about Iran, but could we have a statement next week?
The point raised by the hon.
Gentleman is a regular theme at business questions, and throughout the week.
These are very serious matters, and he is right to point out that this activity is not limited to the strait of Hormuz or other parts of the world but is taking place on British soil.