We are still waiting on a lot of important legislation.
Order.
I hesitate to interrupt the hon.
Lady, but I will do so now before she comes to her peroration.
Earlier in her questioning, she referred to matters in the Scottish Parliament, and asked the Leader of the House her opinion on them.
She has just asked the Leader of the House her opinion on a general political matter.
This is business questions, and it is about the business of the House.
I let the hon.
Lady’s questions go very wide.
They do not have to be exactly about the business of the House for next week, but they ought to relate to the business of the House of Commons.
If, rather than asking the opinion of the Leader of the House, she asked a question about the business before us, that would be perfectly in order.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I was about to ask why legislation such as the Criminal Justice Bill and the Sentencing Bill is not coming forward  the week after the local elections, as has been demanded by Members on both sides of the House.
Many other things could also come before us for debate, yet the day we come back after the local elections is very light.
I wonder why that is.
Has the Leader of House cleared her diary for that day, too?
Is that why we have such light business that week?
No matter how much the Government’s Mayors and candidates hide behind their green and purple branding, there is no escaping the fact that they are standing on the woeful record of this Tory Government.
We have a plan—they might not like it, but we do—to bring down waiting lists, to deliver lower energy bills, to build more homes and, as we have set out today, to reform our railways in the interest of the travelling public.
It is not more free cash, as some have said.
The truth is that a vote for the Conservatives is a vote for this chaotic mess to continue.
Is it not the case that if people want change, they have to vote Labour next Thursday?
First, may I send my thoughts and sentiments to all those affected by the appalling events in Wales?
I hope that the community recovers swiftly.
May I also place on record my sadness at the loss of our former colleague Frank Field, who was MP for Birkenhead for more than 40 years?
When I was going for candidate selection for the Conservative party, one of the questions I was asked was who in the Labour party I most admired, and my answer was Frank Field.
Many knew him for his relentless work combating poverty and its causes, but he had many other interests that he pursued with equal vigour.
I was particularly pleased to work with him on trying to secure the building of new ships in the UK, and he was also a fellow Brexit campaigner.
The connection he had to the people he served, and the duty that he felt towards them and never wavered from, was profound, and I send my deepest sympathy to all who knew and loved him.
May I also pay tribute to Dame Elizabeth Gardiner DCB KC for her service as first parliamentary counsel?
She was the first woman to hold that role in its 150-year history, and she has had a very busy eight years.
I place on record my thanks to her for her service and wish her well.
I also congratulate Jessica de Mounteney, who succeeds her.
The hon.
Member for Manchester Central (Lucy Powell)  asks me about the SNP.
I am sure that we will come to that shortly, but the Greens leaving the coalition provides the Labour party with an opportunity.