I must stop the right hon.
Gentleman.
It seems to me that he is about to go down a road on a matter that is sub judice, which cannot be discussed here in this Chamber.
The Speaker made a statement at the beginning of business earlier this week, asking Members not to refer to this matter, because it is sub judice.
Can the right hon.
Gentleman ask his general question in a different way, and not refer to that specific issue?
Thank you for your guidance, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I shall ask a policy question.
The Government recently awarded a contract for a supercomputer to Lenovo, a China-headquartered firm that has been the subject of enforcement action by the United States on security grounds.
This supercomputer will be used by critical Government bodies such as the UK Atomic Energy Authority.
How will Ministers safeguard the public against any possible misuse of sensitive Government data as a result of the awarding of the contract?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his question.
I know that he has also written to me regarding that topic.
I can assure him that we will be working with the National Cyber Security Centre and the National Security Secretariat to ensure that full checks and measures are put in place to prevent such abuse from occurring.
The right hon.
Gentleman referred to his role as general election co-ordinator for the Labour party.
I understand that he sits on the quad, which determines Labour policy, so perhaps he could clear up, for the benefit of us all, this question on an issue of national security.
Does the Labour party support our £75 billion increase in defence spending?
If he cares about these things, the answer should be plainly, “Yes, we do”.
When we announce a policy, we ensure that it is properly costed and funded, which I recommend to the Deputy Prime Minister.
One other cyber-threat that modern states are facing is prepositioning: the planting of destructive software in critical infrastructure that can then be activated at a later date.
The director of the FBI said that prepositioning of the Volt Typhoon type discovered in American infrastructure was
“the defining threat of our generation”.
America’s cyber-defence agency said that Five Eyes allies were also likely to have been targeted.
Have the Government looked for or found Volt-Typhoon-type infiltration of any parts of our critical national IT infrastructure, and if so what action is being taken to remove it?
The right hon.
Gentleman has been around this place long enough to know that he is delivering a non-answer on Labour’s support for defence spending.
The whole House will have noted that, although he raises an important issue in respect of prepositioning.
He will appreciate that there are limits to what I can say from the Dispatch Box given that some of this relates to high-side intelligence, but I assure him that we are working with our Five Eyes allies, in particular the United States, since the US and the UK have exceptional capability in these areas, to ensure that we both have adequate knowledge and understanding of such prepositioning, and take effective steps in respect of it.
Eight weeks ago, on  29 February , at first order questions, I asked the Minister without Portfolio what the Government would do to assist people who are adversely affected by the statute of limitations as a result of having been injured by covid-19 vaccines.
My right hon.
Friend said in response that she had taken the issue to the permanent secretary.
Will she update us on what has happened with the permanent secretary over the past eight weeks?
I thank my hon.
Friend for asking that question.
He is a tireless campaigner on this matter, on which he has met with me and the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care.
As I said to my hon.