2) Bill.
Thursday 9 May —Business to be determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 10 May —The House will not be sitting.
The awful events in Wales yesterday will have been traumatic for students, staff and parents, and our thoughts are with all those affected.
I also pay tribute to Frank Field.
The words said about Frank in recent days really reflect who he was: principled, determined, relentless, kind, generous and funny.
His tireless campaigning against poverty, and for opportunity and education, changed the life of so many children who will never know it.
My thoughts are with his family and friends.
As someone well experienced in divided, weak Governments, does the Leader of the House share my concern that the SNP has broken its power-sharing deal, which its leader said only last night was in the best interests of Scotland, leaving the people of Scotland even worse off?
Under the SNP Government, one in six Scots is on an NHS waiting list, and people face higher bills and higher taxes.
Does she think that is why the Scottish Greens, the SNP’s former partners, accuse the SNP of “selling out future generations”?
This has got nothing to do with the business of the House.
It absolutely does; I am asking the Leader of the House for her opinion on these matters.
Another week, another litany of problems for the Government.
Last week, there was more scandal and internal positioning, and this week, there is a catalogue of failings.
The Government’s flagship childcare plan is  in tatters.
They spent months in denial, yet this week the Department for Education finally admitted what many parents have been experiencing: that the roll-out targets are “problematic”.
Yesterday, the spending watchdog warned that the Government’s plan does not
“achieve its primary aim or demonstrate value for money”.
The report was damning about the DFE’s oversight and planning for new places.
Can the right hon.
Lady guarantee that full delivery of the plan is on track?
This is the reverse-Midas-touch Government.
Only they could turn what should be a popular policy into such a vote loser.
Another policy that the Government have turned to dust is their pledge on renters’ rights.
Ahead of Report stage of the Bill on that subject yesterday, the Government tabled hundreds of amendments—a poor reflection of the Leader of the House’s oversight of the legislative agenda.
The amendments watered down that weak Bill even further, and there is no guarantee that banning section 21 evictions will ever happen.
Is it any wonder that the Renters Reform Coalition has pulled its support for the Bill?
Despite the Government finally passing their Rwanda legislation, it has emerged that around 100,000 illegal migrants will languish in hotels at the taxpayers’ expense in perpetuity, unable to be removed or even processed because of the Government’s last piece of legislation.
How is stopping the small boats going?
The Government promised levelling up, yet the chair of Middlesbrough football club, a former Ben Houchen superfan, said that the Tees Valley Mayor is
“giving away our children's future”
through his management of the South Tees Development Corporation.
He is right, isn’t he?
In perhaps what will become the Conservatives’ most lasting and damaging legacy, there is more worrying evidence today about generation lockdown, among which there is not only massive school drop-out and absenteeism rates, but more drinking, because this Government failed to put in place the catch-up support needed.
It is no wonder that this country is crying out for change.
How is the Leader of the House feeling about her party’s chances next week?
We all want to know.
I see that on the day we return after the local elections there is a general debate.
Is that in anticipation of something, or to keep Government Members away from Westminster?
We are still waiting on a lot of important legislation.
Order.
I hesitate to interrupt the hon.