Friend is waiting for it, and I am determined to get it out before the recess.
I am hopeful that it will meet all the demands and all the hurt in that community that has been unmet for too long.
I have had the pleasure of meeting many female veterans in my constituency and of working with fantastic organisations such as Woody’s Lodge, the Royal British Legion, and of course Welsh Veterans Partnership.
What is the Minister doing to work with the Welsh Government and local authorities across the whole of the UK to ensure that women veterans get the support that is rightly being asked for?
We meet the devolved authorities regularly to make sure that all our strategies are in sync.
Obviously, a lot of these policy areas, whether health, housing or education, are devolved, but we are clear that, both nationally and internationally, we want the Office for Veterans’ Affairs to set the standard.
We have great relationships internationally now in terms of setting the pace on that, and I want to make sure it is concomitant with what we are doing with the devolved authorities: we have regular meetings with the Welsh Government and the Scottish, and indeed we are going over to Northern Ireland again in two weeks.
What recent assessment he has made of the adequacy of his Department’s processes for scrutinising nominations for honours.
What recent assessment he has made of the adequacy of his Department's processes for scrutinising nominations for honours.
It looks like the Member who tabled No.
10 is not out of bed.
A validation process is carried out to assess the strength and credibility of each nomination.
We protect the integrity of the honours system by carrying out probity checks with a number of Government Departments before the Prime Minister submits names to His Majesty the King for approval.
The Prime Minister previously backed calls for Horizon victim and campaigner Alan Bates to receive an honour, yet his name was absent from the Prime Minister’s surprise honours list last month.
However, Russia-linked Mohamed Mansour’s name was on that list.
What was it about the multi-millionaire, generous Conservative party donor that attracted the Prime Minister to the idea of giving him a knighthood?
The gentleman whose name has just been mentioned is a very successful businessman and philanthropist, and I am sure those qualities were very much in the Prime Minister’s mind when he was put forward for an honour.
Extremely distinguished names from the world of artificial intelligence and the creative industries were also recognised for their contribution to our country.
One.
I advise the hon.
Gentleman to go back and check the list because, not for the first time in this House, he is wrong.
The Prime Minister recently announced an extraordinary round of honours, which many described as lacking integrity and bringing the system into disrepute.
It included a donor who had donated £5 million to the Conservative party, and four Conservative MPs loyal to the Prime Minister.
In the run-up to a general election that he is widely tipped to lose, what could possibly be the justification for the Prime Minister announcing and recommending a round of honours outside of the traditional King’s birthday list?
Order.
It would have been easier if you had been here for the beginning of the question.
Stretching the question is testing my patience and the patience of the Government Front Bench.
I thank the hon.
Member for Slough for turning up.
I refer him to the answer I gave a few moments ago.
What steps he is taking to support veterans with the cost of living.
The Government have successfully reduced inflation by more than half, making the cost of living more affordable for veterans, along with every other resident of the UK.