Last week, we published the response to the call for evidence on the National Security and Investment Act 2021, and I set out the steps we will take to fine-tune that system, including honing our approach to export controls, outward investment and providing more support to business.
Later, I will be convening a round table of university vice-chancellors to brief them on the security risks in research and academia, and to discuss how we address those.
All of that complements our plans for a generational £75 billion uplift in defence spending, including a new national defence and resilience plan, setting out a cross-Government approach to security, preparedness and resilience as a nation.
It is often claimed by critics that the continual stream of ineffective and incompetent legislation we see from Holyrood is evidence of the need for a second, democratically elected Chamber to scrutinise properly.
We have such an effective Chamber here and this week we have seen how important it can be in legislation.
Would that Chamber’s position not have been strengthened by being a democratically elected second revising Chamber?
Does the Secretary of State agree that the time has come when we need to look again at how we reform the House of Lords to make it more relevant to the 21st century and more democratic?
I am afraid that I completely disagree with the hon.
Lady about having an elected second Chamber.
This is the democratic Chamber for our nation.
It is the principal voice of the nation.
We do not need a second Chamber in conflict with this one, further burdening and complexing legislative processes.
The very welcome Windsor framework demonstrated a strong commitment to human and animal health by extending Northern Ireland’s access to veterinary medicines until 2025.
I welcome the establishment of the veterinary medicines working group by the Cabinet Office and the Northern Ireland Minister of State.
I am pleased to be part of that group, which is working hard to find a permanent solution to this matter.
Can my right hon.
Friend, the Secretary of State in the Cabinet Office, reassure the House that the Government will continue to strain every sinew in discussions with the EU to protect both animal health and public health in Northern Ireland and right across the UK with a permanent solution for access to veterinary medicines in Northern Ireland?
Yes, Madam Deputy Speaker, I can so assure my hon.
Friend.
I am very grateful to him for bringing his professional expertise to bear within the working group.
We have met twice and we intend to report at the end of June.
We will then have a consistent and coherent position with which we can go forward to blend a combination of adaptation and, I hope, productive negotiations with the EU to deliver a long-lasting, permanent solution to safeguard both animal and human health on the island of Ireland.
I am determined that we should do that in a coherent and professional manner, and I look forward to working with him to do so.
I call the shadow Minister.
May I begin with a moment of unity?
The Deputy Prime Minister and I are both pushing for an early general election as soon as possible.
I very much welcome his recognition that there is absolutely no point in this Conservative Government carrying on in office a moment longer.
Further to the question a little earlier by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Weaver Vale (Mike Amesbury) , this week two people were charged in this country, under the Official Secrets Act, with spying for China, one of whom worked for politicians in this House.
Order.
I must stop the right hon.
Gentleman.
It seems to me that he is about to go down a road on a matter that is sub judice, which cannot be discussed here in this Chamber.