If he has serious concerns about anyone on the parliamentary estate, he needs to raise them formally, and in the appropriate way, with the House authorities.
That would be the right course of action if he had genuine concerns about anyone.
I do not quite agree with the last answer given by the Leader of the House.
We know who we are talking about, and I agree with those on the Opposition side of the House.
May we have a debate in Government time on the Three Rivers development in Mid Devon—I have mentioned this before—which is now becoming a cover-up and a financial scandal?
The chairman of the scrutiny committee has done a runner and slunk off to rented accommodation in Bampton, which is a disgrace.
I am afraid this is now becoming a serious issue for local government.
Mid Devon Council has no scrutiny, no responsibility, and absolutely no idea what it is doing.
In Government time, can we talk about local government that is not taking its financial responsibilities seriously and is covering up major issues?
I am sorry to hear about what sounds like a very concerning issue that is affecting my hon.
Friend’s constituents.
Given that the next questions to the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities are not until June, I will ensure that he has heard what my hon.
Friend has said today.
May I add my condolences to the family of Lord Field?
He was an exceptional man and an outstanding politician, and I had the privilege of knowing him for two years while he was still a Member of Parliament.
Working or studying in other countries has wide-ranging benefits for young people.
Perhaps the saddest outcome of Brexit is that the number of young people from the UK working and studying in EU countries, and the number of young people from the EU working and studying here, has dramatically reduced.
In order to reverse this worrying trend, last week the EU proposed youth mobility visas, but the Government rejected them outright, even though they would have brought a wide-ranging and welcome boost to our economy—I mean that in good faith.
Can we please have a statement from the Government on why that proposal was rejected outright and how they propose to boost youth mobility between EU countries and the UK?
I thank the hon.
Lady for raising this issue.
She will know that our approach has been to widen opportunities for our citizens and give them more choice about where they might want to study abroad.
I think that the Secretary of State did put out a statement explaining why the scheme was not deemed to be in our interests, and it was due to the fact that it was not going to be reciprocal.
This is the first time in my 19 years as a Member of Parliament that I have raised this sort of frustration and complaint, so I hope my right hon.
Friend realises how serious it is.
Over a month ago, I wrote to the Foreign Secretary about a British citizen whose husband is being held illegally in a foreign country without trial.
I have tried repeatedly to ask the Foreign Secretary for a reply and I went to the Deputy Foreign Secretary to chase things up, but still nothing.
I find it wholly unacceptable that the Foreign Secretary has not replied to me in over a month of correspondence when I am raising the rights of a British citizen whose husband is being kept in appalling circumstances abroad.
It is his duty and responsibility to respond in writing to Members in a timely fashion.
Will my right hon.
Friend the Leader of the House please take this issue up for me with the Foreign Office?
I am very sorry to hear that.
This is clearly an incredibly pressing matter.
If my hon.