Dan is proof that age is not relevant, but political hue is.
Elsewhere, in the west midlands, Andy Street has been following Harlow’s example.
He has never raised any taxes, and he does not charge an additional precept, yet he has brought billions of pounds of investment into his region, in stark contrast to Sadiq Khan in London, who has increased the mayoral precept by more than 70%, and Labour-run Birmingham, which is increasing council tax by 21% to pay for its errors.
It is very clear: if you want better services at lower cost, vote Conservative.
Like many across this House, I was utterly floored to hear the sad news of my friend Lord Field’s passing.
His was a life devoted to helping those in poverty, especially children.
We worked together on the all-party parliamentary group on hunger, the School Holidays (Meals and Activities) Bill and the Food Insecurity Bill.
We then set up Feeding Britain, a national charity that continues to alleviate  hunger across the UK, but we both knew that our charity should not have to exist in a country as rich as ours.
With over 4 million children in poverty, does the Leader of the House agree that it would be a fitting tribute to our dear friend to hold an urgent debate on ending child poverty?
I thank the hon.
Lady for highlighting Frank Field’s legacy, as many other Members have done.
The work of the organisations that he helped to found, and that he worked with, will continue.
The hon.
Lady will know that we brought forward a cost of living package that now exceeds £108 billion.
She will also know that there are hundreds of thousands fewer children living in absolute poverty, and over a million fewer workless households.
We stand on that record, and we want it to continue.
Wrexham will soon have the largest trading estate in Europe, with more businesses seeking to invest, expand and export.
As businesses grow, so do opportunities.
I was pleased to visit the newly established centre for international trade support, which helps companies to identify, understand and reach global markets.
Will my right hon.
Friend congratulate Clive Barnard and his team on their new business venture, and consider a debate in Government time on export opportunities?
I thank my hon.
Friend for drawing the House’s attention to this new venture?
I am sure we all want to send our good wishes to Clive and his team on their new business venture.
Wrexham’s international profile has grown in recent times, which is providing a strong hook for local businesses to take advantage of global markets and our new trade agreements.
I thank my hon.
Friend for all her work to ensure that her constituency is on the map.
The investment zone will make Wrexham the absolute leader in the field of advanced manufacturing, as well as in the creative and digital sectors.
We expect this to encourage further growth, with up to £160 million of support for the zone, which will help to protect tens of thousands of existing skilled jobs and create many thousands more.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on her part in it.
The counter-disinformation unit, now known as the national security online information team, has a remit to tackle the greatest national security risks facing the UK, and misinformation and disinformation cause risks to elections.
Disturbingly, a racist letter riddled with misinformation and disinformation was posted to all Hindus in Brent and Harrow.
It attacked our current Mayor of London and our Assembly member, Krupesh Hirani, incorrectly stating that Sadiq and Krupesh do not care about Hindus, which is a complete and utter lie.
With one week to go until the mayoral election, will the Leader of the House condemn the letter and ensure that the NSOIT investigates it?
May we have a debate on the Floor of the House on the NSOIT’s role?
I thank the hon.
Lady for raising that.