I am delighted to follow in her footsteps, and those of William Beveridge, the MP for Berwick-upon-Tweed who authored the eponymous Beveridge report, which served as the basis for that great innovation, the welfare state introduced by the Labour Government in 1945.
What would so many of us do without it?
North Northumberland is also home to vibrant and hard-working communities that serve in their own way.
Whether it is those in the fisheries of Amble and Seahouses, the farmers working the land across the constituency from Alwinton to Norham to keep us fed, or the servicemen and women at RAF Boulmer who protect the UK’s airspace, the people of North Northumberland rightly take great pride in the work of their hands, in the county that they call home, and in the contribution that they make to the common good.
Nowhere is that more true than in the grand town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, with its historic walls and majestic bridges, one of which, the Royal Border bridge, serves the east coast main line.
My particular favourite, though, is the Union chain bridge, for all that it represents for the Union between Scotland and England.
We truly have cross-border lives in North Northumberland.
Today we have a choice to build either walls or bridges across that border, and I choose to be a bridge builder.
The truth is that when it comes to transport infrastructure, and even public service, we have a choice.
Will we use it for private benefit or for the common good?
For me, the common good must be paramount.
We are of equal value by virtue of our humanity, but not all of us have the same opportunities, the same start in life or the same challenges to overcome.
Many communities in my constituency feel left behind, and many feel out of sight and out of mind.
Seeing the humanity in each other is a proactive choice.
At times over the summer, some people in our country chose to ignore the humanity of others, with terrible consequences.
One of the most famous pieces of literature in our country’s history, a national treasure, comes from my constituency: the Lindisfarne gospels.
How good it would be if they could return home to Holy Island one day, perhaps on the east coast main line.
As beautiful as their calligraphy is, to me their primary value comes in the wisdom they contain and the story they tell.
As I set out on the task of being a Member of Parliament, my thoughts turn to the wisdom of another part of the good book.
Proverbs, chapter 31, says:
“Speak up for those who cannot speak for themselves, for the rights of all who are destitute.
Speak up and judge fairly; defend the rights of the poor and needy.”
Those are wise words for all with a heart for public service, especially those of us who call ourselves parliamentarians.
As for me, they will be the axiom by which I expect my public service to be judged, however long I remain in this place.
As a lifelong trade unionist who has spent the last 20 years championing bringing public services back from the private sector, this debate is understandably close to my heart.
I congratulate all the other new Members  who have made their maiden speech today.
They have shown passion and reasons for being here.
I very much appreciated the comments made by my hon.
Friend  the Member for North Northumberland (David Smith)  for reasons that may become apparent.
It is a great honour to be the first Member of Parliament for the new constituency of Cumbernauld and Kirkintilloch.
My thanks to the people of the communities that make up the constituency for placing their trust in me.
I pay tribute to my immediate predecessor, Stuart C. McDonald, who was MP for Cumbernauld, Kilsyth and Kirkintilloch East for the last nine years.