Like any new Member, I am eager to learn from how others have done things, so I am grateful to have such a diversity of approaches to draw on.
I was fortunate to be called on to ask a question in the first Prime Minister’s Question Time of this Parliament.
I spoke then about the River Evenlode, but I could equally have referred to the Rivers Cherwell, Dorn, Glyme or Ray.
Each cuts a path through my constituency and each has to carry its unfair share of pollutants from Thames Water’s sewage spills.
Tackling the pollution of our rivers and waterways was a common concern among my constituents during the election campaign, and I welcome the Prime Minister’s undertaking to work across parties to address this scandal.
Alongside our waterways, the railways are significant features of my constituency.
We have no fewer than seven stations.
To address the subject of this afternoon’s debate, at each you will find passengers keen to see  improvements.
The travellers through Bicester North bemoan the age of the rolling stock, which breaks down far too often, and the shortened trains with their inadequate seating.
Constituents near Bicester Village are deeply concerned about the future closure of the London Road level crossing, which would cut off those living in south-east Bicester from the rest of the town.
I hope the Rail Minister, to whom I have written, will respond positively to my request to ensure that East West Rail brings forward sufficient funding for alternative crossings for all users.
Another feature of my constituency is the rapid proposed growth of towns and villages, under plans adopted by the last Government and supported by Conservative local councils in 2017.
Bicester has already seen tremendous growth.
A similar scale of development is planned for Eynsham and the wider Kidlington area, including Begbrooke and Yarnton.
As this Government prepare for an increase in housing provision, the lessons from areas like those in my constituency must be learned.
My constituents understand the need for more homes for local residents, and especially for those who cannot access social housing, but they want to know that sufficient infrastructure will accompany new homes.
I am talking about not just improvements to the hard engineering for travel, grid connections, sewage and other utilities, but also the social infrastructure of schools, GP surgeries, dispensing chemists and NHS dentists, as well as community, youth and sports centres.
We must make sure that these services are funded and delivered before new homes are released.
I have lived in the constituency for over 12 years, and my wife and I have raised our four children there.
They attend local schools and are active in local sports clubs.
Long before I ran for this election, they ensured that I knew the future constituency well by dragging me to most of the sports grounds and sports halls that it contains.
I owe my place to the many voters who put me here, but I would not be here without the steadfast support of my family, and I am so pleased that they are here today.
For some, that support has come with encouragement; for others, it comes with occasional embarrassment about my endeavours.
But from all, it has come with love, affection, and a willingness to keep me grounded through the occasional well-deserved put-down.
I am truly grateful to them and hope that they know how much I appreciate their support.
My constituency contains a vibrant mix of communities beyond its two towns.
Famously, Kidlington contends to be the largest village in England, with its population of over 13,000.
When the parish council suggested in 1987 that it was a town, irate residents forced it to back down and reinstate village status.
That does not, however, explain why groups of Chinese Harry Potter fans were spotted taking photos outside suburban homes in the village in 2016.