After all, I suppose when Drake and Raleigh wanted to set out on their venturesome careers, some cautious  person said, ‘Do not do it; it has never been tried before…’ But, on the whole, the world is all the better for those venturesome and courageous west country people, and I would like to say that I am quite certain that the women of the whole world will not forget that it was the fighting men of Devon who dared to send the first woman to represent women in the Mother of Parliaments.
”—[Official Report,  24 February 1920 ; Vol.
125, c. 1624.]
Fortunately, I am venturing out from Plymouth in the well-worn footsteps of the women and men who have gone before me, buoyed by the courage of the people of South West Devon—men and women who voted to send me to this, the mother of all Parliaments, to fight for them and our special part of Devon.
Thank you, Madam Chair.
It is a real honour and privilege to be able to make my maiden speech today, as the House debates the role of our railways.
Before I continue, I must give credit to all those who have given their maiden speeches today.
It is quite a daunting prospect to follow them all.
I must comment on a few of the amazing journeys that have brought people here.
I think of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Sheffield Central (Abtisam Mohamed)  and  the hon.
Member for Lagan Valley (Sorcha Eastwood) ; it was quite inspiring to hear their stories.
I must also comment on the speech of  the hon.
Member for South West Devon (Rebecca Smith) , as we are mutual friends of Sir Gary Streeter.
It must have been quite a sight to see him do the loco-motion all those years ago.
It is of special importance to me to talk in the debate today on the role of our railways.
The east coast main line goes right through my constituency.
In fact, I think about half of it does, because we are the third largest constituency in England, with stations in Morpeth, Alnmouth and Berwick.
Today we are debating the Government’s plans, over time, to put the railways back into public ownership, or as some might say, into public service.
That is really what I want to address today—the idea and ideals of public service.
All of us are here to serve the public, but we can only serve here because of the people who have gone before us, the people who support us, and of course the people who vote for us.
So first, my thanks must go to the people of North Northumberland, including those who voted Labour for the first time.
Indeed, whether they voted for me or not, I will serve them to the best of my ability.
My thanks also go to my family—first and foremost my wife, daughter and son, who are my bedrock and whose patience with me is frankly astonishing, but also to the generations that have gone before.
When I think about public service, I think of my grandparents’ world war two generation.
We have already heard about Monte Cassino a couple of times.
Well, my grandfather fought  at Monte Cassino, El Alamein and elsewhere, and it would have been beyond his wildest dreams that his grandson would one day be standing here.
Speaking of those who have gone before in public service, I must recognise the great work of my predecessors as Members of Parliament for what is now North Northumberland.
First, those two political peas in a pod, the right hon.
former Member for Berwick-upon-Tweed, Anne-Marie Trevelyan, and my hon.
Friend  the former Member for Wansbeck, now the Member for Blyth and Ashington (Ian Lavery) .
As a former miner and engineer, my hon.