As I talk to people in Hendon, I hear so  many similar stories—stories of refuge and rebirth, of contribution and belonging.
Our Jewish community; our Somali community; our Afghan community; our Iranian community; our Tamil community; those who have recently arrived from Hong Kong; our Nepalese community, many of whom served so valiantly in the Gurkha regiment; our Filipino community, who do so much for the NHS; our Gujarati community—the list goes on.
There are so many wonderful communities enriching this, the greatest of cities.
Hendon, in its diversity, represents what this country can be at its very best.
It brings together not just different communities, but different places, from Burnt Oak to West Hendon, from Colindale to Edgware, from Mill Hill to Hendon, all stitched together by the backbone of the Northern line.
There are our vibrant mosques, synagogues, temples and churches; community organisations like the Centre of Excellence in Grahame Park; exceptional charities like GIFT and Kisharon in Hendon; the Royal British Legion in Edgware; groups like Friends of the Welsh Harp in West Hendon.
We are blessed with organisations and inspiring people who work hard every single day to make our community a better place and help others.
We are the site of the first Tesco shop and of London’s first airport; home of Saracens rugby club and the RAF Museum; one of the epicentres of the fight against covid with the Health Security Agency labs; and home of the beautiful Welsh Harp and of sweeping views from Mill Hill.
What a privilege it is to represent such a place.
But small margins are never far from the surface.
Too many households in our community struggle to get by, their ability to cope resting on the finest of margins, just one pay cheque away from catastrophe.
More than a third of children in Hendon are growing up poor after housing costs.
In places like Colindale and Burnt Oak, the figure is significantly higher.
That must change.
Tackling this unfairness and disadvantage is what motivates me to be here.
It is why I am determined to use my experience from many years working in business and from my time in Government at the Treasury, the Home Office and the Prime Minister’s strategy unit, to bring change and deliver for the people of Hendon.
I will never forget those who went before me as Members for Hendon.
I want to pay tribute to Dr Matthew Offord, who represented Hendon for 14 years.
I am grateful for his work on behalf of residents and for his advocacy, as chair of the APPG on explosive threats, for a landmine-free world.
I thank Andrew Dismore, who was the personification of a dedicated constituency MP.
Even today, 14 years after he left office, residents still talk of him.
The impact he made was immense.
There is someone else I would like to mention, a giant of our politics, someone who touched the lives of millions, and whom I was privileged to serve as an advisor at the Treasury: Alistair Darling.
If I can summon up just a small portion of his decency, his resolution in crisis, his clarity in chaos and his composure when so many were losing their heads, not to mention his Sahara-dry wit, I will be doing very well indeed.
He embodied our mantra of country first, party second, and we miss him.
I was also lucky to work with Charles Clarke when he was Home Secretary in the aftermath of the terrible 7/7 attacks in our capital.
He showed what strength and determination looks like on those darkest of days.
Ms Ghani, you may have detected by now that I have a slight stammer.
As a child, I could not even say my own name some days.
Mind you, there are still people who have that trouble today—it is not their fault; it is part-Ashkenazi, part-Sephardi and wholly unpronounceable.