For the whole of my working life, I have worked in partnerships and tried to build alliances between workers, and between communities.
Many of the communities of Cumbernauld and Kirkintilloch are at a point of transition.
It is in a spirit of partnership and alliance that I will work to strengthen the bonds that bind our people together.
I will work in this place, and in Cumbernauld and Kirkintilloch, to confront the challenges that we face around those points of transition, and to ensure that what unites us guides us.
This afternoon, we have heard from across the House all the points that unite us.
Let us focus not on difference, but on areas of agreement, because we cross paths far more often than we cross swords.
I wish to start by thanking my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cumbernauld and Kirkintilloch (Katrina Murray)  on her witty and passionate speech.
Her commitment to public service and her drive to improve the lives of her constituents shine through.
I would also like to compliment all those who have given their maiden speech today.
The standard has been exceptional.
What an honour it is to speak after so many inspiring colleagues, and what an honour it is to give my first speech in this Chamber during a debate on the future of our railways.
So many of my constituents depend on Mill Hill Broadway and Hendon stations, and this Bill, bringing the railways back into public ownership, placing passengers at the heart of our rail system and ensuring value for money for the taxpayer, will make a real difference to them.
Getting the management of our railways and the numbers underpinning them on a sound footing is crucial.
I think I can justifiably claim to have a strong personal understanding of just how important it is to get your numbers exactly right, because, Madam Chair, if you ask me to think of a number, I do not need to ponder long.
My lucky number is 15.
Why?
Because 15 is the size of my majority.
I have the honour of holding the smallest majority in Parliament.
It reminds me every day who sent me here, who I serve in this place, how grateful I am to the people who voted for me and how life turns on the very smallest of margins.
So I pledge now to serve the people of Hendon, no matter how they voted, with every fibre of my being.
Small margins run as a theme in our family.
2024 is the 80th anniversary of my father being smuggled out of the Munkács ghetto in what is today Ukraine.
In April 1944, my infant father was herded, along with the rest of the Jewish population of the town and surrounding countryside, into the crowded, squalid ghetto, with thousands jammed into barely more than a handful of city blocks.
But on  5 May 1944 , a Christian woman pretending to be his mother spirited him out, just days before over 28,000 people— including, unfortunately, many members of my own family—were put on trains to Auschwitz, never to return.
Small margins, Madam Chair; small margins and the kindness of strangers.
As a child refugee, my father landed in London and was given great opportunities by this great country.
His story inspires me every day and reminds me of the importance of compassion, courage and the bonds that connect us all.
As I talk to people in Hendon, I hear so  many similar stories—stories of refuge and rebirth, of contribution and belonging.
Our Jewish community; our Somali community; our Afghan community; our Iranian community; our Tamil community; those who have recently arrived from Hong Kong; our Nepalese community, many of whom served so valiantly in the Gurkha regiment; our Filipino community, who do so much for the NHS; our Gujarati community—the list goes on.
There are so many wonderful communities enriching this, the greatest of cities.