I will never forget the day when we lost our own “village policeman”, PC Keith Palmer, in the terror attack of 2017.
It has been my pleasure to work with my Lobby colleagues and with MPs of all parties, and I would like to reassure all the Tory leadership contenders: don’t worry, your secrets are safe with me.
Politicians and journalists have more in common than either would like to admit.
At their best, both are honourable trades—and they are trades; they are not professions—but the big difference between us is the difference between criticism and action, between commentary and doing.
In the end, I could no longer just write about the appalling state of our public services; I wanted to do something about it.
I wanted to do something about the NHS workers like my wife, who came home every night exhausted by a sheer lack of staff.
I wanted to do something about all those working-class kids like me whose destinies are still too often determined by their postcode, not by their potential.
I also wanted to do something about this misinformation age that we live in, and to combat the rise of extremism that disfigures too much of our discourse.
It was Stanley Baldwin who denounced the newspaper barons for wanting power without responsibility; today, too many social media companies have exactly that.
This summer’s spread of online hate and falsehood is a challenge to which this Government will have to rise, just as they rose to the challenge of cracking down on the thugs who attacked our communities and our brave police officers.
Tackling online publishers—that is what they are: publishers, not platforms—may sound radical, but in reality radicalism is often just common sense ahead of its time, a reminder that all our rights are hard won.
What could be more commonsensical than demanding that the vote be given to the working classes and to women, more than 100 years ago?
What could be more commonsensical than this railways Bill, giving the public control over the services that spend billions of pounds of their own money?
What could be more commonsensical than tackling climate change or giving towns like Rochdale more control over their own future—towns that do not want a handout, but deserve a fairer share of the national resource?
The Pennines are famously the backbone of England, but the people of Rochdale are the backbone of England too.
Common-sense radicalism, resilience and renewal—those are the watchwords of my home town, of this country and of this Government, and I will do my utmost to live up to them.
Thank you, Madam Chair, for allowing me to catch your eye during this very important debate.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Rochdale (Paul Waugh)  on a really excellent maiden speech, and I hope that I can match the very high bar that has been set by hon.
Members in all parts of the House so far today.
I start by paying tribute to my predecessor, Sir Greg Knight.
I am very fortunate to be following him; he was a very well-liked and respected Member of this House.
His parliamentary career spanned five decades, and he served as a Minister in the Governments of Thatcher, Major and Cameron.
He was first the Member for Derby North, from 1983 to 1997, and excelled in the roles of deputy Chief Whip and Minister for Industry.
He then returned to this place in 2001 for the then  constituency of East Yorkshire, which has now become Bridlington and The Wolds, and was re-elected on five separate occasions until his retirement this year.
Sir Greg served for a second stint in the Whips Office during the coalition years and worked tirelessly behind the scenes on many of Parliament’s less fashionable Committees.