International investment is important for the aviation and aerospace sectors, and aviation and aerospace are important for my constituents in Central Ayrshire, with 55% of aerospace jobs based in Prestwick.
Can my right hon.
Friend tell me what more the Government will do to ensure continued international investment in these sectors?
I am grateful to the hon.
Member for raising those important points.
On the UK’s support, we have doubled the official development assistance contribution, recognising the severity of this crisis.
I announced another £50 million of vital assistance on  22 August , bringing that up to £97 million, which will be focused on where it is possible to operate in Sudan.
Much of the country is very difficult to access, including for humanitarian bodies and for those fleeing to South Sudan and Chad.
The hon.
Member talked about neighbouring countries.
There are a number of countries that we would urge not to engage in destabilising activity; I mentioned that point to the shadow Development Minister.
Any activity that is not focused on humanitarian support or promoting peace is prolonging the war, worsening the humanitarian situation and creating a legacy for the future that will be difficult to deal with.
We are seeing large numbers of unaccompanied children, for example—a really disturbing situation.
We want that message to be heard loud and clear.
I am grateful to the hon.
Member for raising that point.
I mentioned that the UK is supporting the Centre for Information Resilience, a  research body that is gathering evidence of what is taking place on the ground.
For example, funding is being provided for the Sudan witness project, which is investigating attacks against civilians and infrastructure.
On the specific finding of genocide, I am clear that that is an internationally focused definition, but we are concerned that we are seeing patterns of violence that bear the hallmarks of that kind of development, so we are keeping that very closely under review.
It is an honour to be called to give my maiden speech, Ms Cummins.
I start by thanking  the hon.
Member for Colne Valley (Paul Davies)  for his speech.
He spoke about a spirit in his community that you could touch; he has a pride in his community that we can feel, and can almost touch as well.
He spoke about the selflessness of service to the community, a point echoed in excellent speeches given today by the hon.
Members for Sheffield Central (Abtisam Mohamed), for Shrewsbury (Julia Buckley), for Lagan Valley (Sorcha Eastwood), for Rochdale (Paul Waugh), and for Bridlington and The Wolds (Charlie Dewhirst).
It is my honour to speak in their company.
Convention requires that I say a few words about my predecessor, and I have been advised that, despite political differences, these should be complimentary and civil.
I have tried, but the best that I can say is that the views of the last MP for Woodstock belong to a different time—which is quite understandable, since Lord Randolph Churchill held it until the parliamentary borough of Woodstock was abolished in 1885.
For over a century, Woodstock disappeared from the constituency names in this House.
Meanwhile, the town of Bicester has never previously been named in a constituency.
Bicester and Woodstock is a fusion of four previous constituencies.
I therefore have no immediate predecessor to refer to, but I want to thank Robert Courts, John Howell, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Oxford West and Abingdon (Layla Moran)  and Victoria Prentis for their service to the communities in my constituency.
Like any new Member, I am eager to learn from how others have done things, so I am grateful to have such a diversity of approaches to draw on.
I was fortunate to be called on to ask a question in the first Prime Minister’s Question Time of this Parliament.
I spoke then about the River Evenlode, but I could equally have referred to the Rivers Cherwell, Dorn, Glyme or Ray.