I am sure that constituents and Members of this House will join me in thanking Craig for his work and wishing him and his family all the best for the future.
I also pay tribute to my friend Mike O’Brien, who was the Labour MP for North Warwickshire between 1992 and 2010.
While in Parliament, Mike held numerous ministerial positions.
He was on the Home Affairs Committee that helped to increase the number of refuges for victims of domestic violence.
As Minister of State for Pensions, he worked on the Pensions Act 2008, which improved working peoples’ pensions.
As Minister of State for Health Services, he negotiated compensation for victims of thalidomide.
I appreciated his help and guidance during my campaign.
He was well loved by his constituents, and I hope to live up to his legacy.
I have always been someone who gets stuck in to change things that need changing and speak up against injustice.
That started from a young age, growing up in North Warwickshire, where I campaigned for girls to be able to wear trousers at my school.
I credit that attitude to my parents.
My dad’s family could not afford for him to stay on at school, so he left to become a trainee mining surveyor, and went on to do qualifications throughout his working life.
He became one of the youngest magistrates in the country, worked in urban renewal in Birmingham, and, in his spare time, drew plans to help individuals and community groups to secure planning permissions.
He also paid for our many summer holidays.
My mum worked as a registrar for births, deaths and marriages, and was the local parish council clerk, but still found the time to make most of my clothes.
I thank them both for being here with us today, along with my partner, Dawn, who was a great support throughout my campaign—thank you.
My parents were both driven by a desire to do their best for their family.
They instilled those values of public service and hard work in me, and supported me and my brother to follow our passions.
I went to my local comprehensive school, which has evolved to become what is now the Queen Elizabeth academy.
That school has made great strides to improve attendance and results, but it still struggles with inadequate facilities.
I worked as a tennis umpire at Wimbledon for 10 years, and I have watched in recent years as grassroots tennis has flourished and become more inclusive, particularly at my local club in Coleshill.
That is part of the legacy of Sir Andy Murray and the valuable work of the Lawn Tennis Association.
I remember trying my hand, as an umpire, at wheelchair tennis—the professionals make it look so much easier than it is.
It was wonderful to see Lucy Shuker bearing the flag for Team GB at the Paralympics, and to see British players doing so well at the US Open.
Even in my 50s, I was honoured to play tennis for my county of Warwickshire.
Now, I can reflect on how much sport and drama have contributed to my life and the lives of those I have met through those activities.
For me, sport and drama were drivers of social mobility, and they help to give confidence and aspiration to so many young people, breaking down barriers to opportunity.
That is why I will work hard to ensure that young people gain access to activities and local facilities that have sadly been lost across the country.
I went to university in Leeds in the mid-1980s, in the midst of the Thatcher Government’s attack on working people and the divisive dialogue that made it a frightening time to come out as gay.