If he is watching, I would like to thank him for all the support that he has given me, and for everything that he has done for the people of Sheffield Central.
Sheffield Central is a microcosm of all that is Sheffield and all that is modern Britain.
It is characterised by its rich cultural diversity, beautiful green spaces and a thriving independent economic dynamism.
From the beautiful Bole hill views to the new Pound’s Park in the city centre, the small independent shops in Sharrow Vale and the up-and-coming Neepsend and Kelham, we have an unwavering sense of community spirit that genuinely makes every area feel like home.
That is because it is home to remarkable individuals and organisations that  work tirelessly to make our city a better place.
It is a place where tradition meets innovation; we have seen the recent excavation and regeneration of a 12th century castle, and have new thriving business hubs, such as Leah’s Yard, which was the place of old toolmakers and is now the city’s new exciting independent home for makers and creatives.
Sheffield has earned its stripes as the undisputed start-up capital of the UK.
We also have a very large student population.
Sheffield Central is home to two brilliant, world-class universities that enrich the fabric of our community.
I am fortunate to have been a student at both of these excellent institutions at various points in my life.
With vibrant museums and the largest theatre complex outside London, we are a city that recognises people’s creativity, knowledge, identity, traditions and passions.
Our theatres have been home to the world snooker championship since 1977 and, more recently, the multi-award-winning musical, “Standing at the Sky’s Edge”.
Sheffield has no desire to copy; we desire to celebrate and embody our uniqueness.
We storm ahead in our ability to bring people together, to think, to create and to celebrate.
As the first city of sanctuary, Sheffield is a city rich in diversity, with settled communities and heritages from all over the world.
In 1963, a man crossed two continents to start a life in the city of Sheffield.
He came by invitation of the British Government to work in the then growing steel industry.
He was drawn by the desire to better himself and his family.
Later, his son joined him in the 1970s and they worked for the renowned Forgemasters.
In 1982, they were able to support the journey of a young woman and her two little girls from the Yemen to the United Kingdom.
That man was my grandfather, and you are listening to one of those little girls tell her story now.
I am honoured to be the first person of Yemeni heritage and the first British Arab woman to be elected as a Member of Parliament.
I am immensely proud of that honour, and I feel privileged to represent not just my constituency, but every person who has ever hoped for a better future.
I have climbed personal mountains and faced many personal barriers and hurdles that have come my way, and not only have I had to overcome them, but I have fought for and helped many others along the way.
I grew up in some of the most deprived parts of Sheffield and attended some of the most underachieving schools.
I grew up with people like me: people who had very little hope and huge odds stacked against them; people who did not understand politics and systems, just day-to-day survival.
And when life becomes about survival, living within the constraints of our own prism, our voice is our only means of breaking through.
I left school with 4 GCSEs and went on to graduate four times.
I refused to become a statistic.
I refused to be defined by my postcode or the school I went to.
I worked hard to qualify as a teacher and then a lawyer.