If I can make our beautiful corner of Yorkshire a better place to live and work before I depart this place, I will, I hope, have done some good.
I return to the topic of today’s debate.
Privatisation of the railways was necessary because British Rail was not working, either for rail users or the British taxpayer.
However, the process of privatising rail operators has not been perfect, in part because franchises operate monopolies; in that respect, they are no different from the nationalised services that they replaced.
However, where genuine competition exists, rail privatisation has been a success.
On the east coast main line, the Government-subsidised franchise, London North Eastern Railway, competes with open access operators Hull Trains, Grand Central and Lumo.
That has led to cheaper prices for users, high satisfaction and greater punctuality, and inter-city services have been extended to new towns and cities across Yorkshire and the north-east.
One of those operators, Hull Trains, now runs two direct services a day between Beverley and London, and I would love to see them extended to Bridlington and Driffield, just up the line in my constituency.
However, the legislation puts those efficient, non-subsidised open access operators under threat.
Instead of learning the lessons of those success stories and expanding them across the network, the Government are sliding back to a nostalgic vision of the 1970s, even though public services were in fact inefficient and expensive for rail users and the public purse.
The legislation’s failure to provide specific guarantees to open access operators will mean that there is no incentive for them to invest in new rolling stock or expand their services.
We need more open access, not less.
Ministers claim that there is a continued role for open access operators where they add value and capacity to the network, but they will soon be at the mercy of an entirely nationalised infrastructure and provider.
Do Ministers not realise that a reborn British Rail will work for passengers only if its inter-city services face stiff open access competition across the network?
The east coast main line is a mature and successful test case, and it should be expanded.
Otherwise, what incentive will there be for a new British Rail to deliver cheaper and better services?
None, I suspect.
The legislation is as rushed as it is ideological.
The only losers will be rail users and the taxpayer.
I express my gratitude to you, Ms Cummins, for the chance to address the House for the first time.
I congratulate all hon.
Members who have delivered their maiden speech in recent days.
Their eloquence serves as testament to the remarkable talent in this House, and I am honoured to be counted among them.
I eagerly anticipate their contributions to future debates in the years ahead.
I also pay tribute to my immediate predecessor, Jason McCartney, who has demonstrated over the past four and a half years a real passion for improving the lives of many people in the constituency.
Today, we discuss the Passenger Railway Services (Public Ownership) Bill.
For my constituents, the change cannot come soon enough.
The Bill will be a cornerstone, kick-starting economic growth, unlocking opportunities across the country—especially in Colne Valley—and accelerating us towards net zero.
We are all shaped in many ways by our upbringing.
My commitment to community was deeply influenced by growing up in south Wales.
My parents quietly volunteered to drive stroke survivors to the aptly named  stroke club, which provided essential respite.
For them, it was not charity; it was just something you did.
Working in the mines taught me the value of collective support.
Miners watched out for each other; their safety depended on it.
That sense of community cohesion contributed to proud and resilient communities that shaped our nation’s success.
We must reignite those bonds through community wealth-building initiatives, and by retaining wealth in local communities.
That transformation, inspired by the co-operative movement, is pivotal.