We have heard about the importance of family in maiden speeches from Members from all parts of the House.
All Members of this House will be aiming to make even the smallest contribution to creating a better community, a better country and a better world for our own families and future generations.
I want my two daughters, Hannah and Eilidh, and all children, regardless of where and how they started their life, to be able to grow up in a world where the opportunity exists for their own aspirations and ambitions to be met, nurtured, supported and fulfilled.
That is something we have heard powerfully in speeches this afternoon.
As the Dunfermline-born author Iain Banks wrote,
“the future remains malleable and retains the possibility of change”.
Those are wise words that I will try to remember as I work across the House to create that better future.
It is a pleasure to follow the maiden speech of  the hon.
Member for Dunfermline and Dollar (Graeme Downie) .
I was especially interested in his recollections of the fall of the Berlin wall in 1989, which is also one of my early political memories, although I am obviously on the other side of the House as a result.
I was interested in his reference to Monte Cassino, which might make sense later on in my speech.
I am incredibly grateful to the people of South West Devon, who put their trust in me on  4 July , electing me to serve them here in Parliament.
Starting out in this place just a few short weeks ago, it was almost a quarter of a century to the day since I first set foot in Parliament.
Forgive the cliché, but if someone had told the 18-year-old me, who was spending a week’s work experience with the MP for South West Devon, Sir Gary Streeter, that one day I would follow in his actual footsteps, I would not have believed them.
Everybody I have met since entering this place who knew my predecessor tells me that I have big shoes to fill.
For some, that might seem daunting.
After all, he is a size 10 and I am a mere size 4.
However, knowing Sir Gary as I do—in fact, having known him since we first met at a Kylie Minogue concert in 1991, where we both enjoyed her rendition of “The Loco-Motion”—I am honoured to follow in his footsteps and the legacy he has left.
After 32 years as a Member of Parliament, Sir Gary’s legacy is one of kindness, integrity and a deep commitment to the people of South West Devon.
I know that there are Members on both sides of the House, past and present, who appreciated his wisdom over the years.
It is something that he will tell you comes from his deep Christian faith.
I am grateful that I still have access to that wisdom, given that he is now one of my constituents and that I also share his faith.
Unsurprisingly, although Sir Gary achieved a huge amount for our constituents, there are issues affecting South West Devon today; long-term battles that he fought and that remain in need of a victory.
One such  issue relates to our Great Western Railway line through Devon.
Today’s debate therefore provides the perfect opportunity to commit myself to the fight for a better railway service to the far reaches of Devon and the south-west.
Following the devastating floods at Dawlish in 2014, the previous Government did much to safeguard the line through Devon.
The sight of a railway track suspended in mid-air with nothing between it and the sea is not easily forgotten.
I will therefore be campaigning cross-party alongside colleagues to see the new Government commit to completing the remedial works at Dawlish.