The River Severn famously forms a loop around the town centre, framed by our old town walls, as a backdrop to our older historic properties, stone-flagged narrow streets, Regency crescents and imposing black and white timber-framed buildings.
In total, we have over 600 listed buildings, including the castle—now a museum—the art gallery, the old market hall and the famous Shrewsbury abbey.
Our main shopping street, the Wyle Cop, which climbs the steep hill from the English bridge up to the town square, is reported to host more independent shops than any other street in the country, thanks to the support of the Shrewsbury business improvement district and our chambers of commerce.
There are beautiful riverside walks, cycle paths, pedestrian bridges and—the jewel in our crown—the Quarry park along the river, with Percy Thrower’s famous sunken gardens in the dingle.
This is where the Royal Horticultural Society hosts its annual flower show.
With such well-kept beauty and heritage charm, it is easy to see why Shrewsbury attracts so many visitors each year, boosted by our array of cultural festivals including the folk festival, the food festival and of course the Darwin festival, as well as the county show at the West Mid showground and Loopfest.
We also welcome gentle, sustainable tourism—those who come to walk in the Shropshire hills, kayak down the river or take a leisurely cruise on our famous tour boat, the Sabrina.
I am sure that Members listening are already planning to book their next visit, and I would be happy to oblige with a guided tour for any who make it.
We have some 30 or so smaller villages in the rural hinterland: Upton Magna in the east towards the Wrekin; Montford Bridge; Nesscliffe with its long-standing military training camp; Minsterley, Pontesbury and Bayston Hill to the south; and Shrawardine and Westbury almost on the Welsh border, in what was historically named the Marches.
These rolling green hills provide our farming base and woodland natural habitat, and serve our agricultural sector, ably supported by the nearby world-leading Harper Adams University, where our farmers of the future are trained in sustainability and productivity.
That is crucial, given their impact on the food and drink supply chain that flows through the county to support our local economy.
We have several large employers, including the world-leading Morris Lubricants factory dating back to 1869, Salop Leisure, Beaver Bridges and, of course, Shrewsbury Town football club, where manager David Moyes once played.
Despite the very long list of famous Shrewsbury men, I am here today as the first female MP for Shrewsbury, and not before time.
I am the daughter of a coalminer whose pit was closed in 1986, and who never worked again.
I was 12 years old when this affected our family and our community, and it is when my interest in politics was first ignited.
As an adult, I was fortunate to win a scholarship for my PhD in EU policy, and I worked in the European Parliament in Brussels for five years, specialising in regional investment funding to tackle inequality.
While I was there, I made friends with the chirpy young woman in the next office, another northern lass who was passionate about politics—Jo Leadbeater, who later became Jo Cox.
We ran the New York marathon together in 2001 with Suzy Sumner, as the Northern Lasses.
We were so proud of Jo when she became an MP and how, with her usual style of Tiggerish enthusiasm and charm, she would persuade everyone towards her policy aims.
That is all the more reason why her death was so very difficult to comprehend: a senseless loss of someone so sincere and positive.
Jo never shied away from standing up for what she believed in and what really mattered, however difficult or unpopular.
She never said she was too tired or too busy.
She just got on and fought for what was important, and always with a winning smile.