That sense of community cohesion contributed to proud and resilient communities that shaped our nation’s success.
We must reignite those bonds through community wealth-building initiatives, and by retaining wealth in local communities.
That transformation, inspired by the co-operative movement, is pivotal.
Born in Wales and shaped by the Labour movement, I found purpose through education and global experiences during my professional career.
Now, just a few years later, I stand before the Committee as the newly elected Member for Colne Valley.
It is an immense honour, and I am genuinely humbled that the people of Colne Valley and Lindley have placed their trust in me.
The Colne Valley constituency embodies the community values instilled in me during my Welsh upbringing, values that are evident in its vibrant villages and urban centres—Meltham, Lindley, Linthwaite, Slaithwaite, Marsden, Golcar, Honley and Holmfirth—where community ecosystems thrive and people look out for each other through various community groups.
There are festivals and shows, such as the Holmfirth arts festival, the Honley show, Lindley street festival, Marsden jazz festival and Golcar lily day, and everybody is welcome to contribute, participate, or simply enjoy themselves.
There are sports clubs, such as Honley cricket club, Wooldale Wanderers football club and Holmfirth bowling club, that are woven into the fabric of our constituency.
Of course, there are the local businesses that serve and employ our community members, including the Picturedrome in Holmfirth, Coopers Yard, Beauty and the Barista, Read, Trojan plastics, and many others.
We should not forget the community support groups, such as Crossroads in Meltham and the Holmfirth food bank.
Much of the above only came about due to individual sacrifices and an unwavering belief in our communities.
Developing a strong community spirit is an ongoing effort.
It is not something that you simply bottle.
It is a living, often delicate entity that requires nurturing and protection.
External support is crucial to put in place the foundational elements.
For example, we need to empower people through safe, secure, affordable homes and decent jobs.
Those foundations allow individuals to contribute more broadly to their communities.
In Colne Valley and Lindley, a palpable community spirit thrives—a spirit you can almost touch.
That vitality is evident through numerous community groups, from EcoHolmes, which focuses on building affordable homes, to Holmfirth Tech, which provides community spaces, as well as the Full Life food bank and various faith-based organisations.
That is why, 15 years ago, Leah and our two daughters chose to make this area our home.
It is why, every single day, we appreciate how lucky we are to live in such an amazing place with such amazing people.
Of course, I have to mention the excellent beer, which does help.
However, as I suggested earlier, focusing beyond our immediate needs can be challenging when we are tired, lonely, hungry, distracted, or simply busy.
Too many of our people are in that position; they find it impossible to get off the treadmill of looking to make ends meet.
As the Member for Colne Valley, I aspire to be a voice for those who struggle to be heard amid the pressures of  the cost of living challenges they face.
I aim to be a calm, consistent advocate for all, emphasising the strength that comes from unity, and a voice that celebrates the selflessness of those whose altruism forms the bedrock of a healthy society.
However, I also recognise the importance of being a strong, resilient voice, one that calls for better and more effective ways of building and retaining wealth in our communities to benefit everyone.
My values stem from the collective, and my unwavering commitment lies with my community.
Those are the values and principles I will carry with me every day as I go to work in this place for the people of Colne Valley.
Thank you, Madam Chair.
I am delighted to make my maiden speech today as the first MP for the new constituency of Dunfermline and Dollar.