Ms Ghani, you may have detected by now that I have a slight stammer.
As a child, I could not even say my own name some days.
Mind you, there are still people who have that trouble today—it is not their fault; it is part-Ashkenazi, part-Sephardi and wholly unpronounceable.
But I know that I am not alone in overcoming a stammer: Bevan had one and overcame it by reciting the poetry of William Morris.
In my case it was not poetry but the NHS that came to the rescue.
Dedicated NHS speech therapists worked with me for years, which means that I can talk to you—that I could stand up in class, stand for Parliament and be here today.
They gave me my voice so I can now give voice to others, and I am determined to pay that forward by fighting for world-class NHS speech therapy for those who need it—those on the Treasury Bench should take note.
We are all beyond lucky to be on these Benches, no matter how we got here and whether our majorities are 15 or 15,000.
I hope that we all remember why we are here: to serve.
We are here to serve our constituents, serve our communities and serve our country, to remain true to our principles and conscience, and to avoid being dazzled by the theatre of this place or tempted by its theatrics.
I believe that politics is ultimately about the practical work of changing people’s lives for the better, helping others, and serving our community and the common good.
Especially at a time when we have seen record numbers of antisemitic incidents and a surge in Islamophobic attacks, it is about coming together and acting with purpose to confront hatred and make sure that all people in our community can feel safe.
When I think of our duty of service, I think of the woman who took my father from the ghetto and saved his life.
I see her face every day in the people I seek to serve.
I reflect on the small margins that make big differences and how what we say and how we act impacts on the lives of others.
Whether it is uniting to tackle hate or building bridges across communities and across this House, I pledge to honour her example, reflect that spirit of service in everything I do, and work hard every day to serve the people of our country and the people of Hendon.
It is an honour to follow my hon.
Friend  the Member for Hendon (David Pinto-Duschinsky) , particularly after his eloquent speech, talking without hesitation about his history, his ancestors and the struggles that he has faced—thank you.
It is a great honour to make this speech during the Passenger Railway Services (Public Ownership) Bill.
The Bill is important to me and my constituents, who face many years of disruption and confusion because our trains and stations are operated by different companies.
It will bring our trains back under the control of the public sector, generate investment in our stations, and make it easier for constituents like mine to book travel and tickets.
Hopefully, it means that our rail services will be made truly accessible for disabled passengers, with support and help always guaranteed.
I pay tribute to my predecessor, Craig Tracey, who was hard-working and served our constituency well.
He did important work for breast cancer awareness and  raised questions in Parliament on issues that matter to our constituents.
He was supportive of local events.
I am sure that constituents and Members of this House will join me in thanking Craig for his work and wishing him and his family all the best for the future.
I also pay tribute to my friend Mike O’Brien, who was the Labour MP for North Warwickshire between 1992 and 2010.
While in Parliament, Mike held numerous ministerial positions.