former Member for Berwick-upon-Tweed, Anne-Marie Trevelyan, and my hon.
Friend  the former Member for Wansbeck, now the Member for Blyth and Ashington (Ian Lavery) .
As a former miner and engineer, my hon.
Friend will have a great interest in the success of the railways, and he has also served his constituents with great distinction and tenacity for many years now.
Anne-Marie Trevelyan’s public service included many significant roles in government, including Secretary of State for Transport, and I would like to thank her for her graciousness in the handover of the constituency casework.
I must also mention Lord Beith.
Although he retired from this place in 2015, he is still held in very high regard in Northumberland for his nearly 42 years of service.
If I can earn just a small portion of the respect that he garnered, I will consider myself fortunate.
So now I pick up the baton, and I confess that one of the first things I checked, with a name as distinctive as my own, was whether I was the only David Smith MP elected on  4 July .
Imagine my surprise and disappointment, then, when on the following day I received a congratulatory email from a Labour Member of Parliament called David Smith.
Thankfully, that particular David Smith MP is a member of the Australian Parliament.
I am, for now at least, the only David Smith in this place.
It is a convention for Members to try and mention every settlement in their constituency when giving their maiden speech.
I have mentioned that mine is the third largest in England, so that may be a challenge.
It is also traditional for Members of this place to make competing claims about how theirs is the most beautiful constituency in the land, so I am pleased to be able to put that debate to bed.
Surely it is a certainty that the land of Bamburgh and Warkworth castles, of Druridge bay and Holy Island, of Rothbury, Wooler and the Cheviot hills and of the historic county towns of Berwick, Alnwick and Morpeth is the most beautiful in England.
The number of Members who have holidayed in my constituency seems to confirm my conclusion.
I am sure that those who have travelled on the east coast main line through my constituency, along our magnificent coastline, will do so again.
North Northumberland is not only beautiful, but has produced and given a home to some of the most notable public servants in British history.
Who can look past the role that Northumberland played in the establishment of early British Christianity?
The Northumbrian saints, especially Cuthbert and Aidan, are renowned for their faith, wisdom, compassion and miracles, even if today, at least according to my daughter, the most famous North Northumberland resident with magical powers is a certain Mr Harry Potter.
Emily Wilding Davison, the suffragette from Morpeth, is another North Northumbrian who fought for what is right.
Emily famously hid herself in a broom cupboard here in Parliament on the night of the 1911 census so that she could record her address as the House of  Commons to confound those who would deny women the right to vote.
I am delighted to follow in her footsteps, and those of William Beveridge, the MP for Berwick-upon-Tweed who authored the eponymous Beveridge report, which served as the basis for that great innovation, the welfare state introduced by the Labour Government in 1945.
What would so many of us do without it?
North Northumberland is also home to vibrant and hard-working communities that serve in their own way.