Jo never shied away from standing up for what she believed in and what really mattered, however difficult or unpopular.
She never said she was too tired or too busy.
She just got on and fought for what was important, and always with a winning smile.
Jo inspired me to go back into politics.
After realising that life is too short and precious to wait for other people to solve problems, I decided to be more like Jo.
That week, I rejoined my local Labour party, and  became a town councillor and then a county councillor, and ultimately leader of Shropshire Labour group.
I stood as the parliamentary candidate for the seat in 2019, and I returned this year to win and become our MP, thanks in no small measure to the support of my husband John and the patience of my children Annabel and Edward.
I conclude by saying to Jo and her sister Kim that finally the Northern Lasses are reunited in this place.
Thank you, Madam Chair.
It is an honour to make my maiden speech during the passage of such a landmark piece of legislation and one that is very much long overdue.
It delivers on our promise at the election of real change, and every one of us here is proud to represent it.
It is also an honour to follow my hon.
Friends the Members for Sheffield Central (Abtisam Mohamed) and for Shrewsbury (Julia Buckley) and  the hon.
Member for Lagan Valley (Sorcha Eastwood) , who made such moving and powerful speeches.
They are a real tribute to this historic 2024 intake.
They show up the excellence and diversity of our intake.
In a maiden speech, it is customary to pay tribute to one’s predecessors.
I sincerely thank George Galloway for his career of public service.
I wish to pay tribute to the late Sir Tony Lloyd, a man who commanded respect across this Chamber and whose decency, internationalism and compassion are an example to each one of us.
As Tony once advised his staffer, now my hon.
Friend  the Member for Blackpool South (Chris Webb) :
“If it is not about making people’s lives better, don’t be a politician.
Rochdale certainly has a long history of making people’s lives better and of strong links to this Palace of Westminster.
Indeed, it was a Rochdale lass, 15-year-old Emily Kelsall, who, in 1843, laid the foundation stone of the Elizabeth Tower that houses Big Ben.
The Kelsalls were close friends of another of my predecessors, the great parliamentarian Richard Cobden and his ally, John Bright, who famously described England as the mother of Parliaments.
Cobden and Bright, one a Rochdalian by adoption and one a Rochdalian by birth, were two Rochdale radicals who campaigned as vigorously against slavery as they did for cheaper food through the abolition of the corn laws and for a wider franchise.
Another Rochdalian who was friends with Cobden and Bright was the Lancashire dialect poet Edwin Waugh, after whom my youngest son, Eddie, who is in the Gallery, is named.
Waugh captured the beauty of the
“hill and hillock, knoll and dell”,
and the moors and brooks of my Pennine constituency.
From Blackstone Edge to Hollingworth lake, from Healey Dell to the landscaped gardens of our magnificent town hall, there is greenery and beauty throughout our town and its villages of Littleborough, Wardle, Milnrow and Newhey.
The Pennine way cuts through my seat, yet our Pennine way is more than just the well-loved footpath; it is a way of doing things, too.
Our Pennine way is one of community,  co-operation, self-help and resilience.
Ever since the Rochdale Pioneers set up shop in 1844 to sell affordable basics like butter, sugar and flour, we have been proud to be the birthplace of a global co-operative moment, and I am proud to be the first Labour and Co-operative MP in our town’s history.