Following the devastating floods at Dawlish in 2014, the previous Government did much to safeguard the line through Devon.
The sight of a railway track suspended in mid-air with nothing between it and the sea is not easily forgotten.
I will therefore be campaigning cross-party alongside colleagues to see the new Government commit to completing the remedial works at Dawlish.
They must also ensure that forthcoming HS2 works at Old Oak Common in London do not hamper the progress made on our journey times between London and the south-west.
The main line through Devon does not just take holidaymakers to our beautiful counties; it is vital for those who live and work there too.
The west side of Plymouth is served effectively by several small stations, but to the east, in my constituency, there are very few options for train travel between Plymouth and Totnes, some 30 minutes away.
Indeed, the current level of service makes a mockery of the existing “Park and ride by train” that is advertised as people drive down the A38.
I will therefore continue to fight for CrossCountry trains—not just Great Western Railway services—to call at Ivybridge station.
As the population of that town and of nearby Sherford grows, having adequate access to mainline train services closer than Plymouth, Totnes—or, in some cases, Tiverton Parkway—is essential.
To see the full economic benefits of the Plymouth and south Devon freeport, with its key sites at Langage and Sherford, we must see the delivery of a metro railway linking Plymouth with Tavistock and Ivybridge, including a stop in Plympton.
That would also enhance connectivity for the Dartmoor villages, which are now a welcome part of South West Devon following the recent parliamentary boundary changes.
The previous Government’s plan to reopen the line between Plymouth and Tavistock is critical to delivering that metro service.
I therefore call on the new Government to push forward with that proposal and enable us to get the metro scheme off the ground.
I can only hope that the new Government are as committed to supporting those much-needed improvements in South West Devon as they are to the new legislation that we are hastily debating today: a Bill that seems to indicate ideological time travel back to the nationalised railway system of the past and a mistaken belief that state-run institutions are the answer to all our woes.
Our railway system needs to drive forward into the middle of the 21st century, not creep backwards to the 1970s.
In the case of South West Devon, that means the difference between reaching our full potential and missing the mark.
I would waste the opportunity to extol the virtues of South West Devon further if I left things there.
Yes, transport is a big issue locally, whether that is about the need for a bus route between Plymstock and Plympton, cycle paths in the South Hams that do not require mountaineering experience to navigate, or improved junctions on and off the A38 at Lee Mill, but I hope I will be allowed just a few moments to introduce hon.
Members more fully to South West Devon.
South West Devon has to be one of the most unique constituencies in the country.
I challenge hon.
Members to name another constituency anywhere with our combination of urban and rural moorland and coastal communities.
It combines the city suburbs of Plymouth—the ancient stannary town of Plympton, and Plymstock, with its rich maritime history—with the rural South Hams and Dartmoor national park.
We have the thriving town of Ivybridge, the inland and coastal villages and farms of the South Hams, the historic country estates of Flete and Maristow, the villages on the edge of the Tamar valley, and rugged Dartmoor farms and villages.
South West Devon is home to the new town of Sherford, the soon-to-expand community of Woolwell and Royal Marines 42 Commando at Bickleigh barracks.