I refused to become a statistic.
I refused to be defined by my postcode or the school I went to.
I worked hard to qualify as a teacher and then a lawyer.
But I am never satisfied unless I am using my experiences and voice to better the lives of others.
I have consoled and wept with many parents who have lost their children to gang violence, either buried or in prison.
I have worked tirelessly, bringing together the police and youth providers, developing community-led services, working  to reduce crime and getting young people engaged in community activity and into jobs or education.
I have supported women fleeing domestic violence and sought better support for them and ensured their safety.
I recognise that there are many priorities in politics, but building strong communities will always be at the heart of mine.
I will champion localism, ensuring that local authorities and, equally, community organisations and charities get the support they need to deliver the best in early years, youth work and mental health support, creating local jobs and services for those who need them the most.
I will press on the urgency of our commitment on climate action, where we work for the best interests of our planet rather than the interests of oil and gas companies.
I will advocate for more affordable housing to provide younger people hope for the future.
And hope is key.
Hope will shape our individual stories, who we are and the journeys we take.
I personally broke through deprivation barriers by embracing the education system and the opportunities provided then by the Labour Government.
A strong education system is the cornerstone of a thriving society.
It is the key to unlocking potential and creating opportunities.
So supporting the education system, from early years right through to higher education, will always be a key priority not just for me but for the constituency I represent.
I will also use my platform to strongly advocate for cohesion in society.
I am driven by the belief that fairness and inclusion are core values that must be embodied in all that we do.
I will do everything in my power to promote multiculturalism in our brilliant country and will reject the tired populism of blame, exclusion and hate.
Our unity is our strength.
Indeed, the positive reactions against the recent riots celebrated an identity of diversity and inclusiveness.
As I look ahead, I am filled not with foreboding, but with optimism.
We have a new Labour Government with a strong mandate from across the country.
I will work with my colleagues to strengthen and champion our communities.
I will work alongside anyone who wants to eradicate racism and bind our cosmopolitan communities together.
We are strengthened by our diversity, not weakened by it, and we must hold firm to the fundamental rights and freedoms we all cherish.
It is imperative that everyone feels valued and included, and we must strive to ensure that our public services are accessible to all.
I will work tirelessly to make and promote laws and policies that foster inclusivity and challenge the systemic barriers that prevent all individuals from reaching their full potential.
I stand here as a woman of colour, alongside many others from different backgrounds, and as a proud product of multiculturalism who now has the honour and privilege of being the voice of the people of Sheffield Central and beyond.
I am here to listen, to learn, to serve and to act in the best interests of all our communities.
Thank you very much, Madam Chair, for allowing me to make my maiden speech.
What a privilege it is to follow my hon.
Friend  the Member for Sheffield Central (Abtisam Mohamed)  and her moving story of her family overcoming racism and her personal passion for change.
I am delighted to contribute to this afternoon’s debate on our plans to introduce Great British Railways and bring trains back into public ownership.