What a privilege it is to follow my hon.
Friend  the Member for Sheffield Central (Abtisam Mohamed)  and her moving story of her family overcoming racism and her personal passion for change.
I am delighted to contribute to this afternoon’s debate on our plans to introduce Great British Railways and bring trains back into public ownership.
Nowhere will these benefits be felt more keenly than in my constituency of Shrewsbury, where services are thin on the ground, lacking carriages and frequent and reliable services.
Most residents and visitors to Shrewsbury would very quickly conclude that our town is a beauty spot with so much potential but cut off from the wider economic region by a lack of robust public transport.
This is mirrored by our inadequate bus services, with over 5,000 routes cut since 2010.
Shrewsbury is dreaming of a Sunday service or a bus after 6 pm to support our young people and our night-time economy.
Public bus franchises will make a huge impact on so many lives.
We also have high hopes for Midlands Connect’s plans to electrify the train route between Shrewsbury and Wolverhampton to boost our capacity.
Shrewsbury is, of course, the new name for my constituency—or should that be Shrowsbury?
Apparently, pronunciation reveals which side of the river you grew up on.
As it turns out, the people of Shrewsbury—and Shrowsbury—are very tolerant of both pronunciations.
My constituency was known for many years as Shrewsbury and Atcham, until several villages leading up to Wenlock Edge were donated to South Shropshire under the boundary review.
My predecessor, Daniel Kawczynski, is well known to this House, as he served our constituency for 19 years and was particularly focused on raising the profile and challenges of our river, through establishing and sharing the River Severn Caucus.
I hope to continue this important work with my neighbouring colleagues as we tackle the shared threat of flooding and compromised water quality.
There is another, perhaps even more famous former MP for Shrewsbury.
Going back a little further into history, Benjamin Disraeli was our Member of Parliament from 1841, when he earned a reputation as being both witty and able before going on twice to become Prime Minister and to decriminalise the work of trade unions.
Shrewsbury has many famous sons, but none is more well known than Charles Darwin, the father of evolution.
He was born and raised in Shrewsbury, attended Shrewsbury school as a boarder in the building that has since become our town library and has a statue commemorating his contribution to learning.
We are delighted that his family home will finally become an international visitor attraction to celebrate his work.
Unlike Darwin, I have only lived in Shropshire for a mere 20 years, so I am grateful to have been graciously adopted by the good people of Shrewsbury to represent the county town for Shropshire.
It is renowned as one of the finest medieval market towns, with regular farmers markets brimming with local producers, agricultural livestock markets and our award-winning indoor market, which goes from strength to strength with late-night events and live music, winning Britain’s favourite market no less than three times.
The River Severn famously forms a loop around the town centre, framed by our old town walls, as a backdrop to our older historic properties, stone-flagged narrow streets, Regency crescents and imposing black and white timber-framed buildings.
In total, we have over 600 listed buildings, including the castle—now a museum—the art gallery, the old market hall and the famous Shrewsbury abbey.
Our main shopping street, the Wyle Cop, which climbs the steep hill from the English bridge up to the town square, is reported to host more independent shops than any other street in the country, thanks to the support of the Shrewsbury business improvement district and our chambers of commerce.