Famously, Kidlington contends to be the largest village in England, with its population of over 13,000.
When the parish council suggested in 1987 that it was a town, irate residents forced it to back down and reinstate village status.
That does not, however, explain why groups of Chinese Harry Potter fans were spotted taking photos outside suburban homes in the village in 2016.
Despite extensive searches, I never found the Dursleys of Privet Drive on the electoral roll.
One of the greatest pleasures of representing this area is travelling across its stunning countryside and discovering the passion for history, environment and community that burns in each town and village.
I cannot do justice to that diversity today, but I say thank you to the thousands of constituents who contribute to their communities as town and parish councillors, school governors, village fête organisers, wildlife champions, Royal British Legion fundraisers, youth sports coaches,  or food bank collectors, and in many other roles besides.
Every week, as I visit organisations in the constituency, I am inspired by the selfless actions of those who put community first and build stronger relationships, one freely given hour at a time.
It is that sense of community and of what we can do for each other that brought me here today.
From volunteering as a school governor, I came to see how both the setting and implementation of national policy had deep local impacts.
I became a county councillor in 2021 and saw up close how local government has been hollowed out by national funding decisions that respected neither the role that local authorities play in delivering critical services, nor the unique insights they hold at local level about the needs of their residents.
Those experiences put me on the path towards standing for election, and it is a huge honour now to be a Member of this House.
I hope that during my time here I can serve my community with the same selflessness and energy shown by so many of my constituents.
Thank you, Ms Cummins, for giving me the opportunity to speak.
It is a real privilege to deliver my maiden speech in this debate on the Bill, which will see the biggest overhaul to transportation in a generation.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend  the Member for Easington (Grahame Morris)  on making excellent points about placing passengers at the heart of decisions, rather than unthinkable profits for shareholders.
I deliver my maiden speech with a sense of profound honour and humility.
Representing the vibrant and diverse community of Sheffield Central is a responsibility that I do not take lightly.
I would like to start by saying a few words about my predecessor, Paul Blomfield.
A Labour MP for the last 14 years, Paul turned a majority of 165 to a majority of a whopping 27,000.
He achieved this electoral popularity because he made politics accessible and was a great constituency MP.
He listened to people and made their concerns his priority.
He fought for the people of Sheffield Central tirelessly and consistently.
He is everything we should look for in the character of elected Members: humble, honest and extremely hard working.
He has received many awards in recognition of that.
On a personal level, Paul has been my mentor.
His guidance and support during my campaign have been invaluable, and for that I am deeply grateful.
If he is watching, I would like to thank him for all the support that he has given me, and for everything that he has done for the people of Sheffield Central.
Sheffield Central is a microcosm of all that is Sheffield and all that is modern Britain.
It is characterised by its rich cultural diversity, beautiful green spaces and a thriving independent economic dynamism.