It combines the city suburbs of Plymouth—the ancient stannary town of Plympton, and Plymstock, with its rich maritime history—with the rural South Hams and Dartmoor national park.
We have the thriving town of Ivybridge, the inland and coastal villages and farms of the South Hams, the historic country estates of Flete and Maristow, the villages on the edge of the Tamar valley, and rugged Dartmoor farms and villages.
South West Devon is home to the new town of Sherford, the soon-to-expand community of Woolwell and Royal Marines 42 Commando at Bickleigh barracks.
There is so much history, so much beauty and so many wonderful and unique communities—indeed, too many to list here and be finished by the Adjournment, hon.
Members will be pleased to hear.
Life has dealt me experiences that have turned into passions that I am determined to build on here in Parliament.
I have spent the last six years working for the Commonwealth War Graves Commission—hence the comment on Monte Cassino.
From travelling around the south-west, sharing the stories of the men and women of the Commonwealth, whom the commission commemorates across the world, I have developed a lifelong passion for this wonderful organisation and the importance of keeping alive the stories of those who fell.
I know that all hon.
Members have recently heard from the commission about those commemorated in their constituencies, and I encourage them to get in touch with their regional public engagement co-ordinator if they would like to know more.
When I was growing up, my parents, who are in the Gallery today, offered up their home as foster parents.
That experience has left me with a deep interest in the care system and how we enable care-experienced young people to have the future they deserve.
While there are those in this place with far more experience in the field than me, my interest spans over two decades, and I am determined to be a voice for those young people.
Finally, having started my elected career in local government, I bring with me experience of a range of issues including working to tackle violence against women and girls.
Enabling women and girls to feel safe and be safe in their communities, and in my community in South West Devon, is a long-term challenge.
Yet, having chaired the Plymouth violence against women and girls commission and seen the cross-party determination to deliver on it in this place, I believe that we will see the societal change that we fight for.
In 1919, Plymouth, which makes up a significant proportion of my constituency and is my home city, saw its Member of Parliament, Nancy Astor, become the first female to take a seat in the House of Commons.
Since then, a female MP has represented at least a part of Plymouth for all but 11 years.
The longest gap in female MPs was from 2017 to 2024.
I am delighted to have brought an end to the drought, picking up the baton of Plymouth’s six former female MPs and also becoming the first woman in South West Devon.
Nancy Astor herself said in her maiden speech just over 100 years ago:
“Hon.
Members…should not be frightened of what Plymouth sends out into the world.
After all, I suppose when Drake and Raleigh wanted to set out on their venturesome careers, some cautious  person said, ‘Do not do it; it has never been tried before…’ But, on the whole, the world is all the better for those venturesome and courageous west country people, and I would like to say that I am quite certain that the women of the whole world will not forget that it was the fighting men of Devon who dared to send the first woman to represent women in the Mother of Parliaments.
”—[Official Report,  24 February 1920 ; Vol.
125, c. 1624.]