For those who are not familiar with the film, it centres around a school football team who experience a significant improvement in form when one of the girls, Dorothy, turns up for the trials and subsequently plays up front as a striker.
This film is a firm Murray family favourite.
Our house was burgled when I was quite young, and the younger members of the Murray family were probably more upset that the “Gregory’s Girl” video was in the recorder that had been stolen, so it is poetic that one of Scotland’s biggest women’s teams, Rangers Women, play all their home matches in Broadwood in Cumbernauld.
I am sure that I can pass on the best wishes of probably most in this House for when the team faces Arsenal’s women’s team in the semi-finals of the first qualifying round of the champions league tomorrow.
As I have said, one of the big selling points of the constituency is its connectivity to Scotland’s central-belt cities.
If there is to be that connectivity, we need a proper, integrated public transport system, based on public need, rather than on the most profitable routes.
No matter which part of the constituency I am in, what people want to talk to me about most is public transport—whether it is an amended railway timetable that means that there are no services after 10 am on a Sunday, or a bus service that gets cancelled because there is no cover to allow the driver to take a break.
During the summer holidays, the youth group at Twechar Healthy Living and Enterprise Centre planned a day trip to Millport using the bus service.
It involved multiple buses and ferries, but it required phoning around to get lifts back to the village for the last leg of the journey, as the Twechar bus stopped running at 5 pm.
Like most of us, I have spent more time than is healthy considering the basis of my politics and values.
One benefit of making my speech later on is that I have been able to listen to the maiden speeches of so many other Members.
When  the hon.
Member for Dumfries and Galloway (John Cooper)  made his maiden speech, he spoke about Galloway dairy farms, which was important to me because I immediately thought of my grandmother.
She grew up on one of those farms.
The oldest daughter of the dairyman, she was bright; she passed her 11-plus and was entitled to a place at the grammar school.
But in the 1920s, dairymen’s daughters did not go to grammar schools, certainly not if they were the eldest and they had six younger siblings.
She never forgot that, and among her children, grandchildren and great-grandchildren there was an expectation that we would take all the educational chances open to us, and fight for them when they were not obvious.
We were expected to “stick in” at school, go to university and, when we had got our qualification, embrace a life of service.
I am proud to come from a family of teachers, doctors, civil servants, health workers, school staff and social care staff.
I am also proud of the fact that my parents are here today.
We were supported in challenging things that were not fair and standing up for ourselves.
It is probably no surprise that I ended up a trade unionist in the health service, fighting for public services and never shutting up.
For the whole of my working life, I have worked in partnerships and tried to build alliances between workers, and between communities.
Many of the communities of Cumbernauld and Kirkintilloch are at a point of transition.
It is in a spirit of partnership and alliance that I will work to strengthen the bonds that bind our people together.