However, the real beauty of my constituency is not in its architecture, coastline, lakes or hills; it is in the people.
When I was first elected as a councillor, I was taken aside by an experienced and recently retired parish clerk, who had a message for me: “It isn’t politicians who run things around here—it is the community.”
She was right.
I am in constant awe of the tireless efforts that volunteers show in my community every day: the mountain rescue teams, who keep us safe on the fells; the Maryport Rescue volunteers, who run the independent lifeboat service on the Solway coast; the flood action groups, who hold our flood authorities to account; our community-led housing trusts, who excel in delivering homes in rural communities, where larger housing associations fail; the community groups in Ireby, Hesket Newmarket and Nenthead, fundraising to save vital community facilities at the heart of their villages; our food hub volunteers; Churches Together, the Lions, the Rotarians and all the other groups that give so much.
They inspire me, and this politician’s job must surely be to help them flourish.
I head back to my constituency for the conference recess knowing that I have many issues to tackle.
The Old Court House in Cockermouth, already half collapsed into the River Cocker, lies empty, with little progress being made by its owner and other authorities to make it safe.
Residents of Penrith have been plagued for many years by a revolting odour from a local meat rendering plant.
The infamous “Penrith pong” has been particularly strong over the summer months.
Rural homes, many lacking modern home insulation, are in desperate need of Government investment to help permanently bring down energy bills.
Farmers are in despair, as trade deals have failed to deliver and the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs struggles to implement its new payment schemes.
The local health service is struggling to recruit the vital staff my community needs to thrive.
I am here in their service and to rebuild broken Britain, just as we promised we would during the election.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker, for calling me in this extremely important debate.
I congratulate my hon.
Friends the Members for Crawley (Peter Lamb) and for Cowdenbeath and Kirkcaldy (Melanie Ward) on their touching and moving speeches.
I really am proud to be one of the Scottish delegates.
In the tradition of maiden speeches, I begin by paying tribute to my immediate predecessor, Deidre Brock, who represented the constituency for nine years—the first woman to do so.
I wish her and her team well in their future endeavours.
I would also like to pay tribute to Mark Lazarowicz, who represented the seat from 2001 until 2015, and who continues to advocate for human rights, asylum seekers and the environment.
The newly extended boundary once again includes Muirhouse, part of the constituency previously represented by  the hon.
Member for Edinburgh West (Christine Jardine) .
This part of the constituency holds a special place in my heart as it neighbours West Pilton, where I lived and where my stepchildren went to school and attended Greater Pilton childcare centre during the 1990s.
It is a groundbreaking facility providing families with access to affordable, flexible childcare—a model that I hope we can learn from and replicate.
When we lived in West Pilton, our flat was riddled with damp.
We had to run a dehumidifier constantly, and it would produce litres of water daily.
Our children’s health suffered, and painting over black mould was normal.
We were lucky: we were eventually able to move.
However, the flat is still there, and I would suggest that the issues remain too.
Housing resilience must be a priority when building and retrofitting homes.