I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his remarks.
My colleague the Secretary of State for Business and Trade said immediately after the election that we do not intend to make any changes to existing freeport commitments.
I am backing the delivery of the two freeports in Wales, and I am very pleased that, with the involvement of the Welsh Government, we have fair work elements in those freeports, which I fully support.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help support the steel industry in Wales.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help support the steel industry in Wales.
Under my chairmanship, the transition board has moved from discussion to delivery.
Last month, I announced £13.5 million for supply chain, skills and employability funds.
I also announced our business and community pledge scheme, bringing together over 50 organisations in support of affected workers.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for beginning to deliver funds to support business confidence and provide a safety net for workers.
Will she explain how that will support workers who are dealing with great uncertainty?
The two funds that have been announced are specifically for people in businesses and in the supply chain, because we know that they have already been affected by the uncertainty of the situation at Port Talbot.
They will help people to retrain and reskill into new employment, and will help businesses to diversify and go into new markets if they are a primary customer of Tata Steel.
I know that my right hon.
Friend will serve Wales admirably in her new role.
Llanwern steelworks in Newport is a key strategic site that manufactures world-class automotive steel and more, and it has so much potential.
We all await the statement later, but can she outline what she has been doing, alongside the Department for Business and Trade, to secure future investment in Llanwern as part of ongoing discussions with Tata?
The Government absolutely understand the importance of Llanwern as a key manufacturing facility for steel products.
We have worked with Tata Steel UK to ensure that Llanwern is clearly considered in plans for the future of steel in south Wales.
My hon.
Friend is a dedicated advocate for the workers at Llanwern, and I know that that she will follow closely the upcoming statement from the Secretary of State for Business and Trade.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Today the Government are expected to unveil details of their steel plan for south Wales.
From what has been briefed to the press, it seems that the new deal is, at its core, the same deal—worth hundreds of millions of pounds—that was agreed by the last Conservative Government.
At the time, the Secretary of State and the Welsh Labour party appeared to rubbish the deal, and suggested that a better one was possible.
Does she now regret the Labour party’s previous criticism of the deal?
I do not recognise that characterisation of the deal on which the Business Secretary will make a statement later.
He will make that statement to the House—I do not want to pre-empt it, because we are a party and a Government who will always come to the House first to make major announcements—but I am confident that he will set out a sustainable future for steelmaking in Port Talbot, in Wales and across the UK.
The fact remains that key parts of the deal, as it appears in the press, appear to be largely unchanged from what was agreed before, including almost £100 million to help steelworkers who might lose their jobs.
In its negotiations with the last Government, Tata Steel was crystal clear that no other deal was possible.
Moving forward, it is crucial that funding to help retrain those who will lose their jobs reaches them swiftly, so will the Secretary of State lay out the detail of how and when the money will be sent to those impacted?