We still have a hovercraft service to this day.
The first Isle of Wight Festival was in 1968, but in 1970 the crowds were so large that the following year an Act of Parliament was passed banning such large-scale gatherings.
The first consumer electric cars—the Enfield 8000—were built in Cowes.
In 2009 four-year-old Daisy Morris discovered a new species of dinosaur—not in the council but actually on Atherfield beach—known as the pterosaur.
We even have our first prize-winning alpaca named Hip Hip Hooray at West Wight Alpacas.
I am also the first owner of a chip shop to become an MP. [
Hon.
Members: “Ah!”]
There will be free pickled eggs for hon.
Members when they come to the island.
Of course, we are also known for sailing.
A special thanks to the RNLI and independent lifeboats that put their lives at risk to save ours.
The island is home to some fantastic produce that graces the menus and tables of some great eating establishments across the country—many will have tried them without even realising.
There are fantastic tomatoes from Isle of Wight Tomatoes, asparagus and sweetcorn from the Arreton valley and Harvey Browns farm, beef from Cheverton farm, cherries from Godshill, and our own cheesemakers.
We also have industry.
We make blades for Vestas wind turbines, we make aircraft parts, and the Thames Clipper boats that hon.
Members see from the Terrace are made at Wight shipyard in East Cowes.
We have a thriving arts culture.
The Trinity, Quay Arts and Apollo theatres, where a young Anthony Minghella started his acting career, are still very active.
But it is the people who make the Isle of Wight.
It is community that makes it a special place to live and the envy of towns and villages across the country.
Whether it is the Saturday morning tea and cake in Niton, the regular events in Yarmouth, the community-run sports centre in Freshwater, the warm space in Northwood, the volunteers at Cowes food bank, the model train enthusiasts who open up to the community, the amazing work of Pan Together in Newport or the inclusivity of East Cowes, as well as the many charities—a special mention to the Ellen MacArthur Cancer Trust—community is the heart of the island.
When I made it to this place, Isle of Wight West was referred to, along with many others, as a “bonus” seat —that appears to be code for “Oh, fffair play—you won!”—but we won due to the hard work over the past five years of 120 volunteers, returning me as the only Labour councillor and now the first Labour MP for the island.
I would like to thank every single one of them, but special thanks must go to my agent Phil Attfield, whose commitment was second to none.
Extra special thanks must go to my wife Leah and my two children and grandchildren for their unwavering support and for putting up with me over the last few years.
As rosy a picture as I paint of our wonderful island and how much we contribute to British life, we have all the same problems as coastal and rural towns, including poor access to NHS dentistry, GPs and adult social care, SEND education in crisis and a severe lack of secure and adequate homes.
Those problems are exacerbated by our being an island.
Imagine being charged between £50 and £300 every time you drove to a neighbouring county—travelling from Derby to Nottingham, from Southampton to Salisbury or from Oxford to Aylesbury would become prohibitive.
Ferry travel across the Solent has become unreliable and ferociously expensive in the last few years, so much so that it is now a barrier to opportunity.
Having to rely on expensive, privately run ferries means that school trips do not happen and NHS appointments on the mainland are missed, or patients are so worried that they travel the night before and pay for a hotel.