It took me many years to find my place in this world, and I am so grateful for the love of my stepchildren David and Zoe, for Zak and for my wife Melanie, for her love and support every day.
To me, they are home.
I thank all my friends, party activists, colleagues and loved ones who have supported me in my life and on my journey leading to this place.
As a child growing up in the ’80s in a council house in a mining town, with hindsight it seems inevitable that I would end up as a proud product of the Labour and trade union movement.
In my working life—from a youth training scheme in the city council to being a housing officer and trade unionist, as well as through my voluntary work on the Children’s Panel, in drug and alcohol and mental health—advocacy has always been my passion.
I have learned through life that when others give up on you, it is easy to give up on yourself.
My promise to everyone in Edinburgh North and Leith is that I will not give up, and I will fight for everyone’s right to thrive.
I will be their voice in this place, and as is Leith’s motto, I will always persevere.
I start by congratulating  the hon.
Member for Bromley and Biggin Hill (Peter Fortune) , my hon.
Friend  the Member for Calder Valley (Josh Fenton-Glynn) ,  the hon.
Member for Guildford (Zöe Franklin) , my hon.
Friend  the Member for Burnley (Oliver Ryan)  and  the hon.
Member for Chippenham (Sarah Gibson)  on their fantastic maiden speeches.
It is great to start my time in this place by proving no fewer than five colleagues wrong about their constituency being the best, because obviously that is an award that belongs to the people of Milton Keynes North.
This is such an important debate on an issue that affects many of my constituents and those of other Members representing Milton Keynes.
I am glad to hear that this Government will work to ensure that everyone feels safe in their home.
As the brother of one of our brave local firefighters in Milton Keynes, I echo the comments of many colleagues who paid tribute to those in our emergency services who have dealt with such incidents.
I hope that they have to deal with far fewer in future.
It is an immense honour to stand here today as the new MP for Milton Keynes North.
I am deeply privileged to represent not just the new city of Milton Keynes but many of the beautiful villages and historic towns around which it was built.
In my constituency lies the old market town of Olney, where 250 years ago the timeless hymn “Amazing Grace” was penned.
There is Wolverton, which boasts the oldest operational railway works in the world; Stony Stratford, where I am told the term “cock and bull story” originated—thankfully not something we are known for in this place—and Newport Pagnell, which for over half a century hosted the headquarters of Aston Martin.
Next week marks 60 years since the release of the film “Goldfinger”, in which the most famous car in the world, the DB5, made its debut.
Last week, I had the pleasure to visit Aston Martin to see the home of that historic car and where some of “On Her Majesty’s Secret Service” was filmed.
Can I promise that my contributions in this place will have the excitement, glamour and the adrenaline of those films?
No, I cannot, but as the MP representing towns with such fascinating pasts, I promise that I will fight to give them all an even brighter future.
I start by paying tribute to my predecessor, Ben Everitt.
He worked tirelessly to try to secure a much needed women’s and children’s hospital for Milton Keynes.