We were lucky: we were eventually able to move.
However, the flat is still there, and I would suggest that the issues remain too.
Housing resilience must be a priority when building and retrofitting homes.
Access to safe and secure homes is a fundamental right, and although it is a devolved issue in Scotland, we must learn lessons and work together across Governments to deliver affordable, healthy, energy-efficient homes for all, which must include the removal of unsafe cladding.
I also place on record my sincere thanks to Malcolm Chisholm, who helped us at this time.
He represented Edinburgh North and Leith in this place from 1992 to 2001, when he moved to the Scottish Parliament, before standing down in 2016.
He is why I joined the Labour party.
His reputation and integrity, his achievements and his passion for the people of Edinburgh North and Leith are rightly still recognised, and indeed he remains an inspiration to me and many others in our community and beyond.
Madam Deputy Speaker, I think the record may have to be corrected as I have heard many hon.
Members from across the House making an error by declaring that their constituency is the greatest in the country.
They are of course mistaken.
As many of those who have already visited will know, Edinburgh North and Leith can surely claim that accolade.
From our amazing  shops on Princes Street, George Street and the new St James Quarter, as well as our fantastic independent stores, we have the best retail across the country.
We have world-class restaurants, cafés and bars—from the Johnnie Walker Whisky experience, which I was pleased to visit over the summer recess with my right hon.
Friend the Deputy Prime Minister, to the Lind and Lime gin distillers, where my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister was welcomed, and the Port of Leith distillery, the country’s first vertical distillery.
I extend a welcome to all my hon.
Friends to visit and join me for a dram.
Edinburgh North and Leith is steeped in history from Calton hill to the New Town, another UNESCO world heritage site, and onwards to Stockbridge, the home of Golden Wonder crisps; Newhaven, with its harbour and proud fishing history; and Western Harbour, reclaimed from the sea.
We are home to the Royal Yacht Britannia and the Royal Botanic Garden in Inverleith.
Leith links has claims to be the birthplace of golf.
And although the stadium is just outside the boundary, the identity of our football team, Hibs, is Leith to the core.
I can confirm that, as the song suggests, there is indeed much “Sunshine on Leith”, although not always on match days.
Our famous port of Leith—yes, the bar, but also the port itself—has seen the comings and goings of ships from all over the world, bringing with them stories, goods and people that have shaped our identity.
The historic landmark reminds us of our rich heritage and the importance of preserving it for the future.
This is evidenced through our proud industrial and political history, being where Rose’s lime juice was invented to prevent sailors from getting scurvy, and where Salvesen had a whaling business.
In the present day, our port is reinventing itself for the next generation, with the green energy jobs of the future and with businesses such as Vestas and nearby Nova delivering wind and tidal energy.
Stitched into our community are so many sites of natural beauty, with the Water of Leith flowing through the heart of our constituency and being hugged by the firth of Forth.
With the world’s largest arts festival on our doorstep, we house the Scottish National Portrait Gallery, Leith theatre, Customs House, North Edinburgh Arts, Edinburgh playhouse and the new Dunard concert centre, which is currently under construction.
Alongside our film and music studios, we are home to many authors, artists, musicians and poets.