I begin by congratulating the hon.
Members for Bromley and Biggin Hill (Peter Fortune) and for Calder Valley (Josh Fenton-Glynn) on their excellent maiden speeches, which gave a real flavour of their constituencies and their constituents.
Today’s debate highlights once again the wider issues of building safety and poverty.
The safety of the buildings that house people and their families should not be subject to their economic status, and we must work together across the House to level the playing field to provide safety for all in this country.
There is clearly much work to be done to achieve this, and I am grateful to the Minister for noting that we will have an opportunity to further discuss this issue at a future date.
It is with immense pride that I can say that in July, on my third attempt, I was elected to represent the residents of the Guildford constituency, the place that has been my home for the past 25 years.
In my speech at the count following my election, I made a commitment to my residents that I will be an MP for everyone in my constituency, including those whose voices have gone unheard for too long.
I reiterate that promise today.
I first stood for elected office in 2008, driven by a love for my community and a deep frustration that my area of Bellfields and Slyfield was being failed by the Conservatives.
I dedicated myself to helping those at risk of losing their homes, working on community projects and being the voice of my community fighting for change in the council chamber.
Some 16 years later, I am here in this Chamber because of my frustration following 14 years of Conservative failure that has, once again, left communities across Guildford and the whole country struggling.
I am also here because the people of Guildford felt that too.
They said, “Enough is enough”, and felt that I could be their voice for change in this great Chamber.
I am honoured by the trust they have placed in me.
We are here as MPs to serve our residents, our constituencies and our country.
I hope that will always be at the forefront of our minds as we fulfil our work as MPs, and particularly as we speak in this Chamber and as we vote.
Speaking of service, I would like to take a moment to acknowledge and thank my predecessors, Angela Richardson, Anne Milton and Sir Paul Beresford, part of whose former constituency is now part of the constituency of Guildford.
Angela and Anne served Guildford, its residents and businesses with determination for 14 years.
I thank them on behalf of our constituents.
Now, on to my wonderful constituency.
Guildford is an ancient town.
The earliest human activity in the area was in the mesolithic era and it is mentioned in Alfred the Great’s will from 880 AD.
The name Guildford means golden ford, which comes from the golden banks at the river crossing below St Catherine’s chapel, but that was not the only golden watermark in this election.
In June, we saw a golden tide of Liberal Democrat MPs, with 72 elected across the country, including six of us in Surrey.
This victory is a message of change for our country and I am very much looking forward to working with my fellow Lib Dem MPs, particularly on the issues of special educational needs and disabilities and Thames Water.
As an MP, I am especially committed to addressing the cost of living crisis that continues to push too many people into poverty, trapped by a crisis not of their own making.
We must lift people out of hardship, ensuring that everyone has access to the services they need, without draining their pockets.
I am sure that colleagues throughout the Chamber will agree that the fact that over 3 million people across the UK rely on Trussell Trust food banks alone in 2023-24 is a disgrace.