This is the land of dramatic sandstone avenues, of hills and skies, of romantic scenery in the shadows of Pendle Hill.
This is the land of regimented urban landscapes, of terrace tops and towers nestled among chimneys and waterways, cushioned by villages, farms, country pubs and proper pints.
We are England and Lancastrian and we are proud.
Burnley, the “meadow by the Brun”, first recorded in the 12th century, has long been a hub of culture and commerce.
We have a 13th-century market, the 14th-century Towneley Hall plays, and the 15th-century St Peter’s church.
Indeed, coming over the moors from the wrong side of the Pennines, Charlotte Brontë visited Gawthorpe Hall in Padiham, Wordsworth wrote of the site of Pendle Hill, and Burnley’s most prolific poet, Henry Houlding, led a literary renaissance for northern towns in the 19th century.
Once the epicentre of the global cotton trade, the workers of our towns built this country.
It was said at its height that Burnley’s cotton industry had clothed Britain by breakfast and the rest of the world by dinner.
We are a birthplace of movements, too—suffragettes such as Margaret Aldersley, and fighters, leaders and thinkers.
Non-conformists are we—radicals and reformers—and once the seat of a Labour leader no less in Arthur Henderson.
I say all this because I want to stress that our story did not start or end with the mills.
Looms for a long time were our tools.
In our hands was the industrial world made, but now we are so much more.
We do not buy the standard story of decline.
We are a place determined, with eyes focused on the future, hungry to play our part.
By the way, we have no greater example of Burnley endurance and enterprise than Burnley Football Club.
Yes, sometimes in the face of emotional trauma—at times extreme—they are twice champions of England and one-time winners of the FA cup.
Let me say, I believe for the first time ever in this House, “Up the Clarets!”
As towns, we are now a thriving, dynamic, multicultural symbol of renewal and creativity.
To be made in east Lancashire is to be a benchmark of quality, particularly in our manufacturing, aerospace sciences and cultural industries, with world-beating, amazing, innovative companies putting us on the map.
We are also unusual politically, in that the constituency has been represented  by all three major parties in the past 10 years alone, although I hope to bring a very lengthy period of stability in that regard.
Burnley, Padiham and Brierfield are so often painted as towns with problems and extensive poverty, which is true, but to end our description there is to misunderstand our mindset, our mission, our sense of history and community.
Our fight is not in trading narratives as to how we got here.
We have problems, yes, but we do not simply retreat to the warm nostalgia of our history.
We know that that way lies only stagnation.
Our fight is in creating solutions for tomorrow.
Less interested in rhetoric, storytelling and ideology, towns such as mine want outcomes.
For us, one’s ability to deliver solutions means a lot more than the colour of a rosette.
Outcomes are what matters.
What is good is what works.
In our public services, that means dependable quality, transparency, choice, the interests of users coming first and an approach that challenges every vested interest in the public interest.
Reflecting on this mantra and the debate today, I want to talk a little about our housing stock.
First raised by my predecessor, Peter Pike, in his maiden speech of 1983, the once proud regimented sandstone avenues that I spoke of earlier—once a step up for families—are now in a poor and worsening state.
Too many of my constituents live in substandard, under-insulated, cold and mouldy homes.