I welcome my hon.
Friend to the House and congratulate him on his election.
In my meeting with the Transport Secretary last week, we discussed a range of issues, including connections between Wales and Merseyside.
I recognise the importance of cross-border travel for people across the region.
The UK and Welsh Governments are committed to strengthening those connections, which are vital to unlocking economic growth and employment opportunities for people and businesses.
I know that rail enhancements are required to improve services on the Wrexham to Bidston line, and will work across Government to drive progress.
What recent discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on supporting economic growth in Wales.
What recent discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on supporting economic growth in Wales.
This Government’s No.
1 mission is to kick-start economic growth across the United Kingdom.
Wales can be at the forefront of that mission, with renewable energy, advanced manufacturing, our vibrant creative sector, fintech and the life sciences each offering huge opportunities to create jobs and drive growth.
I thank the Minister for her answer and congratulate her on her appointment.
Welsh universities are central to economic growth in many of our communities, but these are difficult times: Swansea University has already seen 200 voluntary redundancies, and many more are happening across Wales.
Our universities are affected by decisions of the Welsh Government as well as those of the UK Government, so can the Minister update the House on how the two Governments will work together to nurture those crucial institutions?
I welcome my hon.
Friend to his place, and am very sorry to hear about the recent redundancies at Swansea University.
Only last week, the Secretary of State and I met with Professor Paul Boyle, vice-chancellor of Swansea University and chair of Universities Wales, to discuss the challenges facing Welsh institutions and ways of supporting the higher education sector in Wales.
We recognise that Welsh universities, including Swansea, have a huge contribution to make, both to our mission of growth in the economy and within their local regions.
Colleagues at all levels in the UK and Welsh Governments are working closely together to safeguard those universities’ potential amid the difficult economic circumstances we have inherited.
As has already been said, passengers on the north Wales coast are being let down by the poor performance of Avanti.
This issue is affecting passengers and businesses, and hampering economic growth in my constituency of Bangor Aberconwy.
What specific discussions has the Secretary of State had with our right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Transport on this issue?
I welcome my hon.
Friend to her place.
As she quite rightly says, transport plays an essential role in driving economic growth across Wales.
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State met the Transport Secretary last week to discuss rail connectivity, including the performance of Avanti.
As the Secretary of State has set out, the Government are clear that the performance of Avanti has not been good enough, with too many cancellations and delays.
So Ministers and officials are now holding regular performance reviews with Avanti and Network Rail, and monitoring Avanti West Coast compliance with its contractual obligations, with the aim of securing better services for her constituents.
One of the biggest contributions to economic growth is the agrifood sector.
With today being Back British Farming Day, does the Minister agree that farmers, whether they be in Wales or Northern Ireland, need the support of this Government to ensure they reach their full potential to contribute to economic growth?
As the hon.
Member quite rightly says, farmers make a huge contribution both to the economic growth of this country and to our food security.
That is why we are absolutely determined to work hand in hand with the Welsh Government to ensure that we can offer the very best to our Welsh farmers.
What the Government’s policy is on the proposed nuclear power plant at Wylfa.