One of those battles was the successful fight to keep the laws in this place written on vellum.
Unfortunately, we have since moved to a compromise position where only the front covers of each Act are printed that way, but since the only remaining vellum manufacturer in the country, William Cowley, is based in my constituency, I will fight with everything I can to keep what is left of this important 175-year-old tradition.
As the first MP for Milton Keynes who was born, and grew up, there, I would like to talk about the many men and women who built the new town—now city—that I call home.
One in particular is Fred Roche, the man  who led the Milton Keynes development corporation with a bold and uncompromising vision.
The mantra that everybody on that team lived by was, “Make no little plans”.
Fred was a streetfighter, who more than anything else was willing to do what was needed to achieve something that many others have considered impossible: getting money out of the Treasury.
Allegedly, he insisted on constructing the outer roads of Milton Keynes first, making it harder for the budget to be cut later—a scheme that those working on HS2 wish they had thought of.
He also once marched into Whitehall on Christmas eve and refused to leave until his budgets were approved.
I just mention to the Government Front Bench that those are tactics I will not rule out using in the future. [
Laughter.]
For Members across the Chamber who have, shamefully, not yet visited Milton Keynes, what Fred and his team built was nothing short of a masterpiece.
At times when families right across our country were living in substandard conditions—many would echo some of the comments we have heard today—and many were living without even an indoor toilet, Milton Keynes offered a beacon of hope.
High-quality homes were built for tens of thousands of new residents and, at its peak, 10 families were moving in every single day.
In just a few decades, what was once a vision on a planner’s desk had transformed into one of the UK’s most dynamic economic powerhouses.
Today, we are home to Santander UK, one of the biggest banks in the country, and Red Bull Racing, the fastest Formula 1 team on the planet—when I spoke to Aston Martin last week, it told me to take out that line.
The city of pioneers and innovators creates more start-ups than almost anywhere else, boasts a growing tech sector worth over £3 billion and ranks as one of the most productive places in the country.
For every pound that Fred did manage to squeeze out of the Treasury’s tight grasp, we have repaid it many, many times over.
And while it may be known for its concrete cows, it is far from a concrete jungle.
Some 40% of our city is comprised of green spaces.
Alongside those are our beautiful lakes, rivers and canals.
Every child, including me, grew up within a five-minute walk of a park or green space.
It is said that planting a tree is one of the greatest acts of altruism.
We dig, we plant a seed and, with that small act, we shape the world for many generations to come.
Fred Roche and the team planted more than a fair few trees.
In fact, Milton Keynes boasts over 22 million trees, more than 80 per person.
But I would argue that building a new town is an even greater act of altruism.
Fred passed away a few years before I was born, but I stand here today as a member of the first generation that truly benefited from his vision.
Thanks to Fred’s design, my young parents were able to scrape together enough to raise me and my brother in a spacious house with its own back garden.