To me, they are home.
I thank all my friends, party activists, colleagues and loved ones who have supported me in my life and on my journey leading to this place.
As a child growing up in the ’80s in a council house in a mining town, with hindsight it seems inevitable that I would end up as a proud product of the Labour and trade union movement.
In my working life—from a youth training scheme in the city council to being a housing officer and trade unionist, as well as through my voluntary work on the Children’s Panel, in drug and alcohol and mental health—advocacy has always been my passion.
I have learned through life that when others give up on you, it is easy to give up on yourself.
My promise to everyone in Edinburgh North and Leith is that I will not give up, and I will fight for everyone’s right to thrive.
I will be their voice in this place, and as is Leith’s motto, I will always persevere.
May I associate myself with the previous remarks regarding the Grenfell disaster and send my sympathies to all those affected?
I congratulate all the other Members on their eloquent and informative maiden speeches, especially my hon.
Friend  the Member for Edinburgh North and Leith (Tracy Gilbert) , with whom I will happily share probably more than a dram of whisky as we argue over the first two places for best constituency, which is, obviously, Isle of Wight West.
First, I pay tribute to Annie Caddick, who won silver in the mixed doubles sculls at the Paralympics.
We are all very proud of her.
I also pay tribute to my predecessor  Bob Seely for his seven years of service to the Isle of Wight as MP for the then largest constituency in the country.
His interest in all things Chinese and Russian is legendary on the island.
My dad was not a toolmaker, but he is a Conservative councillor. [
Hon.
Members: “Ooh.”]
I have got the sympathy of everyone now, apart from those on the Conservative Benches.
While we do not agree on politics, he and my mum’s many years as councillors did teach me that politics is about service.
It is also the reason I am stood on this side of the Chamber, although there is rather more room on the Opposition Benches on most days.
My grandad Dennis, a lifelong Labour supporter, would be very proud that I am stood on this side.
From being the largest constituency, the Isle of Wight is now two of the smallest constituencies: Isle of Wight West and Isle of Wight East.
I stand here as the very proud Member for Isle of Wight West and the first-ever Labour MP to represent the island.
I look forward to working with my colleague,  the hon.
Member for Isle of Wight East (Joe Robertson)  to improve the lives of all islanders, although it would appear he has got the early ferry home today, so he is ahead of me.
It turns out that the island is pretty good at firsts.
In 1660, Freshwater resident Robert Hooke developed Hooke’s law of elasticity.
In 1843, the UK’s first amusement park opened at Blackgang Chine, and is still open today, albeit, for those who know it, much smaller, as it is slipping into the sea—that is not part of the attraction, by the way.
Marconi established the first wireless station on the island in 1897, and Saunders-Roe built the first ever hovercraft in East Cowes in 1958.
We still have a hovercraft service to this day.
The first Isle of Wight Festival was in 1968, but in 1970 the crowds were so large that the following year an Act of Parliament was passed banning such large-scale gatherings.
The first consumer electric cars—the Enfield 8000—were built in Cowes.