Reflecting on this mantra and the debate today, I want to talk a little about our housing stock.
First raised by my predecessor, Peter Pike, in his maiden speech of 1983, the once proud regimented sandstone avenues that I spoke of earlier—once a step up for families—are now in a poor and worsening state.
Too many of my constituents live in substandard, under-insulated, cold and mouldy homes.
Low land values lock out investment, but, more critically, lock out families from the decent accommodation that they deserve and write off whole communities as just not worth the investment.
If we are to continue to thrive we need more housing, newer housing, more social housing and a decent retrofit programme not seen on a scale since the last Labour Government.
It is only through that growth that we can achieve the sort of improvements in our public services that we need.
That is the only way that we will attract the secure jobs and dynamic workforce of the future.
Too many of our young people are stuck in a generational cycle of worklessness, which holds back entire families, because of a lack of opportunities, skills, connectivity and, actually, confidence.
We will only truly grow as a country when people in places like ours feel that growth touches them; when prosperity reaches the doorsteps of our terraces; when we break the cycle and say, “If you have the will, we will give you the way.
No one left behind.”
In my time here, I hope to represent to the best of my ability those values and ambitions.
At this juncture, as is tradition, I pay tribute to my predecessors: in Burnley and Padiham, Antony Higginbotham; and in Brierfield and Nelson East, Andrew Stephenson.
Both very decent and hard-working men, they campaigned on many local issues in their years in this House, and had many friends across the House, which was testament to their character.
I genuinely wish them both well for the future.
I am the great-grandson of Irish immigrants, from Dublin and across Ireland, who made their life in Manchester.
I was aged two, and one of two kids to a single mum, when Labour took office in 1997.
It is because of that Government that my mother was supported through illness to raise us, by an NHS with the time and resources to care.
Schemes such as Building Schools for the Future, first praised by my predecessor Kitty Ussher in her maiden speech in 2005, gave me this future, and I am one of many.
We stand on the shoulders of giants in this place, but I was able to climb on to those  shoulders only because of a supportive family, who are watching from the Gallery, and the ladder that that Labour Government provided for kids like me and families like mine, from towns like mine.
I know that this new Labour Government will strive to do the same, and I for one am enormously proud to be a part of it.
I start by congratulating  the hon.
Member for Bromley and Biggin Hill (Peter Fortune) , my hon.
Friend  the Member for Calder Valley (Josh Fenton-Glynn) ,  the hon.
Member for Guildford (Zöe Franklin) , my hon.
Friend  the Member for Burnley (Oliver Ryan)  and  the hon.
Member for Chippenham (Sarah Gibson)  on their fantastic maiden speeches.
It is great to start my time in this place by proving no fewer than five colleagues wrong about their constituency being the best, because obviously that is an award that belongs to the people of Milton Keynes North.
This is such an important debate on an issue that affects many of my constituents and those of other Members representing Milton Keynes.
I am glad to hear that this Government will work to ensure that everyone feels safe in their home.