It is great to start my time in this place by proving no fewer than five colleagues wrong about their constituency being the best, because obviously that is an award that belongs to the people of Milton Keynes North.
This is such an important debate on an issue that affects many of my constituents and those of other Members representing Milton Keynes.
I am glad to hear that this Government will work to ensure that everyone feels safe in their home.
As the brother of one of our brave local firefighters in Milton Keynes, I echo the comments of many colleagues who paid tribute to those in our emergency services who have dealt with such incidents.
I hope that they have to deal with far fewer in future.
It is an immense honour to stand here today as the new MP for Milton Keynes North.
I am deeply privileged to represent not just the new city of Milton Keynes but many of the beautiful villages and historic towns around which it was built.
In my constituency lies the old market town of Olney, where 250 years ago the timeless hymn “Amazing Grace” was penned.
There is Wolverton, which boasts the oldest operational railway works in the world; Stony Stratford, where I am told the term “cock and bull story” originated—thankfully not something we are known for in this place—and Newport Pagnell, which for over half a century hosted the headquarters of Aston Martin.
Next week marks 60 years since the release of the film “Goldfinger”, in which the most famous car in the world, the DB5, made its debut.
Last week, I had the pleasure to visit Aston Martin to see the home of that historic car and where some of “On Her Majesty’s Secret Service” was filmed.
Can I promise that my contributions in this place will have the excitement, glamour and the adrenaline of those films?
No, I cannot, but as the MP representing towns with such fascinating pasts, I promise that I will fight to give them all an even brighter future.
I start by paying tribute to my predecessor, Ben Everitt.
He worked tirelessly to try to secure a much needed women’s and children’s hospital for Milton Keynes.
As we now have some of the longest NHS waiting lists in the country, it is an important campaign, and I will be sure to take up its reins.
He also chaired the all-party parliamentary group for housing market and housing delivery, which looked at how we fix the broken planning system—some of the issues have been discussed today.
I hope that this new Government take forward many of the recommendations that emerged from that work as we strive to build the 1.5 million new homes that this country needs.
I would like to take a moment to mention my Labour predecessor and friend, the late Brian White.
Brian was a true champion of Milton Keynes.
He saw the potential in our city long before it was fully realised and, as an MP, local councillor and later mayor, Brian was a tireless advocate for our community.
He was never one to shy away from a hard battle, as those of us who knew him can attest.
One of those battles was the successful fight to keep the laws in this place written on vellum.
Unfortunately, we have since moved to a compromise position where only the front covers of each Act are printed that way, but since the only remaining vellum manufacturer in the country, William Cowley, is based in my constituency, I will fight with everything I can to keep what is left of this important 175-year-old tradition.
As the first MP for Milton Keynes who was born, and grew up, there, I would like to talk about the many men and women who built the new town—now city—that I call home.