This is evidenced through our proud industrial and political history, being where Rose’s lime juice was invented to prevent sailors from getting scurvy, and where Salvesen had a whaling business.
In the present day, our port is reinventing itself for the next generation, with the green energy jobs of the future and with businesses such as Vestas and nearby Nova delivering wind and tidal energy.
Stitched into our community are so many sites of natural beauty, with the Water of Leith flowing through the heart of our constituency and being hugged by the firth of Forth.
With the world’s largest arts festival on our doorstep, we house the Scottish National Portrait Gallery, Leith theatre, Customs House, North Edinburgh Arts, Edinburgh playhouse and the new Dunard concert centre, which is currently under construction.
Alongside our film and music studios, we are home to many authors, artists, musicians and poets.
I could go on, and I possibly have for too long already, but this is by no means an exhaustive list, and it does not even begin to recognise the wealth of talent and diversity in our community.
I have yet to mention what makes Edinburgh North and Leith truly great: simply, it is our people.
Being elected to this House to represent my home and my community is truly the honour of my life.
I would like to thank everyone who trusted me with their vote.
For those who did not, I hope that during my time in this place I can evidence that I will champion our home.
I understand that there is so much work to do to ensure that all can prosper as, sadly, for far too many people, Edinburgh is a tale of two cities.
Too many have been left behind and suffered through decades of neglect.
Poverty remains stubbornly high and is a reality for so many children.
In our city, food banks have become the norm, where people already struggling to feed themselves, struggle to feed those who have even less than them.
We have a housing emergency with more than 3,000 homeless people, many of whom are families with small children living in hotel rooms with no kitchen, resorting to cooking meals each day from a kettle.
We have the scourge of addiction etched on people’s faces, clear for all to see.
While our public services are underfunded and broken, our communities are resilient.
I think of people such as Pauline Bowie, recently honoured for her work, and the compassion of all the unpaid volunteers and low-waged carers who work tirelessly each day for our community.
Our strength lies in the people of Edinburgh North and Leith, who are known for their warmth, compassion and determination.
Changing people’s lives by offering hope was why this Government were elected, and it is why we must deliver.
My journey started, like all of us, before I was born.
I was born in Rottenrow maternity hospital in Glasgow.
Yes, the House has not misheard me: there was a maternity hospital called Rottenrow.
When I was a baby, and before I had a voice, decisions were made that would change and shape my life forever.
I was lucky then, as I am now, to have people who loved and nurtured me.
Although my mum, dad and gran are no longer living, they would be very proud, as well as very surprised, that I am in this place, as I left school at 15 with few qualifications and left home not long after.
It took me many years to find my place in this world, and I am so grateful for the love of my stepchildren David and Zoe, for Zak and for my wife Melanie, for her love and support every day.
To me, they are home.
I thank all my friends, party activists, colleagues and loved ones who have supported me in my life and on my journey leading to this place.