As a proud son of Milton Keynes, I can think of no mission more important for this new Government than to build the new towns and new homes that this country needs.
It will require us to embrace the spirit of Fred Roche —visionary, unyielding in the face of opposition, and making no little plans—but it will allow us to build a future where every child in Britain has the opportunity to thrive in a home and a community that nurtures their potential, as mine did for me.
I remind the House that the ballot for the election of Select Committee Chairs is currently taking place in Committee Room 15.
It will close at 4 pm.
Resolved,
That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give directions that there be laid before this House a Return of the Report, entitled The Patronising Disposition of Unaccountable Power: Independent Review of Forensic Pathology, dated  11 September 2024 .—(Gen Kitchen.)
The Secretary of State was asked—
What recent discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on support for clean energy projects in Wales.
What recent discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on support for clean energy projects in Wales.
What recent discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on support for clean energy projects in Wales.
What recent discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on support for clean energy projects in Wales.
This is my first oral questions session as Welsh Secretary, so I congratulate and welcome all Members elected to represent Welsh constituencies, particularly the 84% of those Members who sit on the Labour Benches.
I also welcome the shadow Secretary of State for Scotland,  the hon.
Member for Berwickshire, Roxburgh and Selkirk (John Lamont) , to the Front Bench—for Wales questions.
Finally, I pay tribute to our fantastic Welsh Olympians and Paralympians, who have brought home a record medal haul to a very proud nation.
I recently met the Energy Secretary and visited the energy cluster in Pembrokeshire with the Deputy Prime Minister.
The Government have established Great British Energy to drive down bills, create jobs and deliver energy security.
Its new partnership with the Crown Estate will boost new green technologies, such as floating offshore wind in the Celtic sea.
That will supercharge the work already undertaken by the Welsh Government, which the Prime Minister saw at first hand in west Wales with the new First Minister.
I support my right hon.
Friend’s sentiments, and wish her well in her job.
In advance of the statement, what can she say about jobs and investment in this crucial sector?
I am delighted that seven Welsh tidal, solar and offshore wind projects were successful in securing contracts in the Government’s main scheme for supporting low-carbon electricity generation.
Those projects will support the Government’s mission to deliver clean power by 2030, as well as creating high-quality green jobs and attracting private investment.
I look forward to further Welsh projects coming through in future rounds.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for her answer; I am delighted to see her in her place.
I am pleased to say that the development of the skills needed for such projects is well under way in Clwyd North.
Creating Enterprise in Rhyl works with local social housing providers to develop energy-efficient housing solutions, and has partnered with Rhyl College to train local people in renewable energy, green heating and solar technologies, giving them the key skills needed for the green energy sector, and us the local trained workforce that we need.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that green energy offers huge growth and employment potential for areas such as Clwyd North, and will she join me on a visit to Creating Enterprise the next time she is back home in north Wales?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on winning her seat.