The hon.
Members for Surrey Heath (Dr Pinkerton) and for Woking (Mr Forster) mentioned buildings under 11 metres.
Our approach to cladding remediation has been to prioritise the risk of loss of life.
It is generally accepted that the risk to life is proportional to the height of buildings, so the risk to life is usually lower in buildings under 11 metres, and they are very unlikely to need the same costly remediation.
Building safety remediation works may be required in a very small  number of those buildings, but so far, our casework as a Department over the past couple of years shows that of the more than 160 cases that have been raised, only three have fallen into that category.
As such, we think that is an appropriate distinction to draw.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Alloa and Grangemouth (Brian Leishman)  made a point about RAAC.
This issue is different in Scotland than it is in England: Scotland has its own responsibilities, which the Scottish Government must work within, and as I said to my hon.
Friend, we will work within the best practices too.
It is the duty of building owners, including local authorities if they are the owner, to fulfil their duties to manage building safety and performance risks of all kinds—including RAAC—in a proportionate manner.
The shadow Minister,  the hon.
Member for Ruislip, Northwood and Pinner (David Simmonds) , talked about personal evacuation plans, or PEEPs.
We must ensure that the most vulnerable in our society are protected.
On  2 September , through a written ministerial statement, the Government announced that the Home Office will bring forward in the autumn proposals to improve fire safety and the evacuation of disabled or vulnerable residents in high-rise and higher-risk residential buildings in England.
Those proposals will be called residential PEEPs.
Through them, residents with disabilities and impairments will be entitled to a person-centred risk assessment to identify the appropriate equipment and adjustments to aid their fire safety and evacuation, as well as a residential PEEP statement that says what vulnerable residents should do in the event of a fire.
The Government have committed funding next year to begin that important work by supporting social housing providers to deliver PEEPs for their renters.
The shadow Minister also mentioned product hallmarks.
We stand by what was said in the written ministerial statement—I would have hoped that gave enough confidence —but for clarity, this is about stronger standards, not weaker standards.
I hope the hon.
Gentleman can take confidence from that.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker, for calling me in this extremely important debate.
I congratulate my hon.
Friends the Members for Crawley (Peter Lamb) and for Cowdenbeath and Kirkcaldy (Melanie Ward) on their touching and moving speeches.
I really am proud to be one of the Scottish delegates.
In the tradition of maiden speeches, I begin by paying tribute to my immediate predecessor, Deidre Brock, who represented the constituency for nine years—the first woman to do so.
I wish her and her team well in their future endeavours.
I would also like to pay tribute to Mark Lazarowicz, who represented the seat from 2001 until 2015, and who continues to advocate for human rights, asylum seekers and the environment.
The newly extended boundary once again includes Muirhouse, part of the constituency previously represented by  the hon.
Member for Edinburgh West (Christine Jardine) .
This part of the constituency holds a special place in my heart as it neighbours West Pilton, where I lived and where my stepchildren went to school and attended Greater Pilton childcare centre during the 1990s.
It is a groundbreaking facility providing families with access to affordable, flexible childcare—a model that I hope we can learn from and replicate.
When we lived in West Pilton, our flat was riddled with damp.
We had to run a dehumidifier constantly, and it would produce litres of water daily.