Imagine being charged between £50 and £300 every time you drove to a neighbouring county—travelling from Derby to Nottingham, from Southampton to Salisbury or from Oxford to Aylesbury would become prohibitive.
Ferry travel across the Solent has become unreliable and ferociously expensive in the last few years, so much so that it is now a barrier to opportunity.
Having to rely on expensive, privately run ferries means that school trips do not happen and NHS appointments on the mainland are missed, or patients are so worried that they travel the night before and pay for a hotel.
My predecessor mentioned ferries 23 times in seven years, but ferries are such a huge issue to me and my constituents—I am guessing my hon.
Friends have not realised this!—that I have promised to mention ferries and cross-Solent ferry travel at every opportunity, regardless of the topic.
I might even get past 23 times in this speech. [
Laughter.]
I hope the House forgives me if I do.
I am a husband, dad, grandad, walker of our three dogs and an enthusiastic visitor to island pubs.
My focus while in this place will be on finding solutions to the issues that I have outlined.
My job as MP is to champion the island in this House, to ensure that I represent all my constituents and that the island is no longer a forgotten outpost and gets its fair share of support from my Government, as well as action on ferries. [
Laughter.]
I extend a warm invitation to everyone on the estate to visit the Isle of Wight, and I make a plea to Ministers to visit.
I spent some time in the first few weeks talking to the Doorkeepers and security and restaurant staff.
I explained that I found this place to be one of the friendliest workplaces I have ever stepped foot in—bearing in mind I am self-employed.
The response was that this has changed as a workplace very recently.
When asked  how recently, they all replied, “The 5th of July.”
I am extremely proud to stand here today with my colleagues as part of a Labour Government dedicated to service, and I look forward to being part of a Government who build a future for the Isle of Wight and the country.
We are taking every step we can in relation to the steel industry because it is vital that we give it the support that it needs.
We need steel in this country.
We need to steel made in this country, and our plans and our missions mean that we are going to need more steel, not less.
It is the duty of the Government to ensure that jobs, communities and people are not ignored in the transition and that jobs are protected.
The Business Secretary will provide an update to the House this afternoon.
I am grateful for that kind offer.
Of course I will readily accept a visit to Burnley—perhaps through the lens of my role as the local growth and towns Minister.
We could have a very interesting visit and I would be glad to do it.
I am conscious of the time; I am going to run out of it, unthinkably.
We may have to pick up any further interventions in a different form, because I want to get to the points about buildings insurance, lending and service charges raised by my hon.
Friends the Members for Runcorn and Helsby (Mike Amesbury), for Eltham and Chislehurst and for Newcastle-under-Lyme (Adam Jogee).
One thing we know is that there has not been enough change in this space over the past seven years, but there has been change in the insurance bills that many leaseholders have been facing.
We understand the financial and emotional impact that extreme insurance premiums have been having on leaseholders.
Affected leaseholders have been burdened with paying too high premiums for too long.