Today, we are home to Santander UK, one of the biggest banks in the country, and Red Bull Racing, the fastest Formula 1 team on the planet—when I spoke to Aston Martin last week, it told me to take out that line. [
Laughter.]
The city of pioneers and innovators creates more start-ups than almost anywhere else, boasts a growing tech sector worth over £3 billion and ranks as one of the most productive places in the country.
For every pound that Fred did manage to squeeze out of the Treasury’s tight grasp, we have repaid it many, many times over.
And while it may be known for its concrete cows, it is far from a concrete jungle.
Some 40% of our city is comprised of green spaces.
Alongside those are our beautiful lakes, rivers and canals.
Every child, including me, grew up within a five-minute walk of a park or green space.
It is said that planting a tree is one of the greatest acts of altruism.
We dig, we plant a seed and, with that small act, we shape the world for many generations to come.
Fred Roche and the team planted more than a fair few trees.
In fact, Milton Keynes boasts over 22 million trees, more than 80 per person.
But I would argue that building a new town is an even greater act of altruism.
Fred passed away a few years before I was born, but I stand here today as a member of the first generation that truly benefited from his vision.
Thanks to Fred’s design, my young parents were able to scrape together enough to raise me and my brother in a spacious house with its own back garden.
The dream of home ownership became a reality for them, providing us with the security and stability needed for the best start in life.
The parks and green spaces they created back then may one day be enjoyed by my own children.
Now, I will not pretend that we do not have our share of challenges, ones I will work tirelessly to address in this place, but Milton Keynes was built on that new town promise of good jobs, public services that were  there when you needed them, and, most importantly, affordable and high-quality new homes.
It is a place that gave me the opportunities, so that I could one day be standing here, giving my maiden speech in the House of Commons.
I mention that because in my short time in politics I have noticed that too often people search for excuses to oppose new developments.
There is a view, or has been a view, that it is more politically convenient to be a voice that yells no, rather than a voice that searches for ways to say yes.
And while the acronym “nimby” may be a modern invention, the sentiment is not.
Glancing through Hansard of the ’60s and ’70s, we find countless examples of opposition to the building of my hometown.
But there are consequences to that short-term political thinking.
If it was not for Fred and the Milton Keynes development corporation team’s ambition, backed by the 1960s Labour Government, the two-bed end of terrace that my brother and I grew up in would never have existed.
As a proud son of Milton Keynes, I can think of no mission more important for this new Government than to build the new towns and new homes that this country needs.
It will require us to embrace the spirit of Fred Roche —visionary, unyielding in the face of opposition, and making no little plans—but it will allow us to build a future where every child in Britain has the opportunity to thrive in a home and a community that nurtures their potential, as mine did for me.
I remind the House that the ballot for the election of Select Committee Chairs is currently taking place in Committee Room 15.