I therefore follow some truly great parliamentarians: Willie Whitelaw, a pillar of strength behind the Thatcher Government; David Maclean, Lord Blencathra, who now excels in the tradition of likeable nuisances in the other place; Baroness Sue Hayman, a champion of farming and rural affairs whose skills will be put to good use on the Labour Benches; Sir Tony Cunningham, a family friend; my father, a fine mentor; Rory Stewart, who now entertains Members, at least on the Labour Benches; Dr Neil Hudson, who has been re-elected as the Member for Epping Forest; and Mark Jenkinson, who represented Workington from 2019 to 2024—I may have profoundly disagreed with him, but I must confess that he worked hard for his constituents.
I find myself slightly in awe at those Members whose predecessors have disappeared into the sunset.
I will be seeing mine on a regular basis, but I promise to take any advice from them with grace.
Like  the hon.
Member for Epping Forest (Dr Hudson) , I have the privilege of representing a constituency in which I grew up.
My grandfather brought my family to Cumbria in the 1950s, and his work as an engineer saw him on the platform for the opening of Calder Hall, the world’s first full-scale commercial nuclear power station.
My family’s love of Cumbria and the Lake district has endured ever since.
I have had the pleasure of representing my home of Keswick on town and district councils and, more recently, on the new Cumberland unitary authority.
I stepped down from that council knowing that my former colleagues will do their best to ensure that a challenging local government reorganisation is a success.
As I begin my time in this place, I leave behind my work in the electrical contracting industry and my career as a contracts manager—a role that saw me work with many people in leasehold block management.
It therefore seems apt that I make my maiden speech in this important debate.
As a former electrician, it is not lost on me that the tragic events that unfolded at Grenfell Tower were triggered by an electrical fault.
It is now imperative that the sequence of events that followed set the ground for long-lasting reform that ensures these  things can never happen again.
I commend the decision to create the Building Safety Regulator, with its focus on high-risk buildings.
While many Members rightly push for reform of the leasehold system and extending the right to manage, I hope the new regulator acts as a defence against those whose only concern is keeping building management costs down.
Winston Churchill once said:
“If you put two economists in a room, you get two opinions, unless one of them is Lord Keynes, in which case you get three opinions.”
When it comes to the interpretation of British standards affecting electrical safety and fire safety, my view is that if you put two electricians in a room, you will get two opinions, but if you put the bill payer in the room with them, you will only get one.
The regulator should ensure that any new rules are unambiguous and can be applied consistently.
I have heard a number of maiden speeches and do not wish to get into the unwinnable debate about whose constituency is the most beautiful.
I will just take it as given that my constituency that takes in the Solway Coast national landscape, part of the North Pennines national landscape and, not least, the north Lake district, including the Borrowdale valley, for which I have a deep love, is undoubtedly in the top 10.
However, the real beauty of my constituency is not in its architecture, coastline, lakes or hills; it is in the people.
When I was first elected as a councillor, I was taken aside by an experienced and recently retired parish clerk, who had a message for me: “It isn’t politicians who run things around here—it is the community.”
She was right.