Friend had with the Welsh Government, Transport for Wales and the Department for Transport about improving that line and the rolling stock?
I agree with my hon.
Friend that the Cambrian line provides an important connection to and from Aberystwyth University, and it plays a key role in supporting cross-border connectivity for the people of mid-Wales and beyond.
In recent years, Network Rail has undertaken work to improve infrastructure on the Cambrian line to support the introduction of new trains.
Enhancements to the railway in Wales that deliver passenger benefits, including proposed electrification, are being considered by the Wales Rail Board.
I call Liz Saville Roberts.
Diolch yn fawr iawn, Llefarydd.
I am sure the Secretary of State will join me in sending every sympathy to the friends and family of the late, great singer and comedian Dewi Pws.
On-the-day cancellations on the north Wales to London lines stood at 15.4% in August.
We consistently have the highest on-the-day cancellation rates for the entire Avanti network, three to four times higher than the next worst part of the network.
How will the Secretary of State use her role to stop Avanti punishing Welsh travellers?
I thank the right hon.
Lady for her question, and concur with her remarks.
The Government are clear that the performance of Avanti West Coast has not been good enough.
Many times in this Chamber, we have heard about the appalling service—too many cancellations and too many delays.
This Government have required Avanti West Coast to improve its performance on services, and I discussed this matter with the Transport Secretary last week.
Ministers and officials are holding regular performance reviews with Avanti West Coast and Network Rail to hold them to account, closely monitoring compliance with contractual obligations and driving improvements using the contractual mechanisms.
Sadly, it seems that between the Welsh Government and Labour in government here in the UK, that service in north Wales is not a priority—we see that in the rate of on-the-day cancellations.
The truth is that the railways are broken, and Labour’s plan fails to address the chronic underfunding that is the cause, particularly in Wales.
In 2022, the Secretary of State—then shadow Secretary of State—said that it was “utterly illogical” to designate HS2 as an England and Wales project, and called on the Conservatives to “cough up” the billions owed to Wales.
Will she cough up now?
We cannot go back in time and change the way that project was commissioned, managed and classified by the previous Conservative Government.
They need to accept responsibility for the chaos, delay and waste on their watch.
What we can do, though, is work closely with our Senedd and local authority colleagues to develop and invest in transport projects that improve services for passengers right across Wales.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help improve transport infrastructure in Wales.
I was pleased to meet with the Transport Secretary last week to discuss our approach to rail in Wales.
She is reviewing the previous Government’s transport infrastructure commitments and will report in the autumn.
We will deliver rail improvements that will make the services more accountable to the people who use them through the Passenger Railway Services (Public Ownership) Bill, which completed its Commons stages last week, and Great British Railways, which was launched in shadow form earlier this month.
It is great to see my right hon.
Friend in her place.
Connections between my constituency of Wirral West and north Wales are many, they are deep, and they are valued on both sides of the border.
Sadly, though, our transport connections are lagging behind.
Could she please set out what conversations she is having with Ministers and stakeholders to improve those connections?
I welcome my hon.
Friend to the House and congratulate him on his election.
In my meeting with the Transport Secretary last week, we discussed a range of issues, including connections between Wales and Merseyside.