But I would argue that building a new town is an even greater act of altruism.
Fred passed away a few years before I was born, but I stand here today as a member of the first generation that truly benefited from his vision.
Thanks to Fred’s design, my young parents were able to scrape together enough to raise me and my brother in a spacious house with its own back garden.
The dream of home ownership became a reality for them, providing us with the security and stability needed for the best start in life.
The parks and green spaces they created back then may one day be enjoyed by my own children.
Now, I will not pretend that we do not have our share of challenges, ones I will work tirelessly to address in this place, but Milton Keynes was built on that new town promise of good jobs, public services that were  there when you needed them, and, most importantly, affordable and high-quality new homes.
It is a place that gave me the opportunities, so that I could one day be standing here, giving my maiden speech in the House of Commons.
I mention that because in my short time in politics I have noticed that too often people search for excuses to oppose new developments.
There is a view, or has been a view, that it is more politically convenient to be a voice that yells no, rather than a voice that searches for ways to say yes.
And while the acronym “nimby” may be a modern invention, the sentiment is not.
Glancing through Hansard of the ’60s and ’70s, we find countless examples of opposition to the building of my hometown.
But there are consequences to that short-term political thinking.
If it was not for Fred and the Milton Keynes development corporation team’s ambition, backed by the 1960s Labour Government, the two-bed end of terrace that my brother and I grew up in would never have existed.
As a proud son of Milton Keynes, I can think of no mission more important for this new Government than to build the new towns and new homes that this country needs.
It will require us to embrace the spirit of Fred Roche —visionary, unyielding in the face of opposition, and making no little plans—but it will allow us to build a future where every child in Britain has the opportunity to thrive in a home and a community that nurtures their potential, as mine did for me.
I congratulate everyone on their maiden speeches.
It is a privilege to follow my hon.
Friends the Members for Calder Valley (Josh Fenton-Glynn), for Burnley (Oliver Ryan), for Milton Keynes North (Chris Curtis) and for Cowdenbeath and Kirkcaldy (Melanie Ward), and the hon.
Members for Bromley and Biggin Hill (Peter Fortune), for Guildford (Zöe Franklin) and for Chippenham (Sarah Gibson).
I represent the new constituency of Penrith and Solway, which takes in parts of the old Carlisle, Copeland, Workington, and Penrith and The Border constituencies.
I therefore follow some truly great parliamentarians: Willie Whitelaw, a pillar of strength behind the Thatcher Government; David Maclean, Lord Blencathra, who now excels in the tradition of likeable nuisances in the other place; Baroness Sue Hayman, a champion of farming and rural affairs whose skills will be put to good use on the Labour Benches; Sir Tony Cunningham, a family friend; my father, a fine mentor; Rory Stewart, who now entertains Members, at least on the Labour Benches; Dr Neil Hudson, who has been re-elected as the Member for Epping Forest; and Mark Jenkinson, who represented Workington from 2019 to 2024—I may have profoundly disagreed with him, but I must confess that he worked hard for his constituents.
I find myself slightly in awe at those Members whose predecessors have disappeared into the sunset.
I will be seeing mine on a regular basis, but I promise to take any advice from them with grace.