The fact remains that key parts of the deal, as it appears in the press, appear to be largely unchanged from what was agreed before, including almost £100 million to help steelworkers who might lose their jobs.
In its negotiations with the last Government, Tata Steel was crystal clear that no other deal was possible.
Moving forward, it is crucial that funding to help retrain those who will lose their jobs reaches them swiftly, so will the Secretary of State lay out the detail of how and when the money will be sent to those impacted?
I refer the hon.
Gentleman to my previous answer.
We had the transition board in place for nearly 10 months under the last Government and not a single penny went out the door to businesses or workers affected.
Within weeks of my taking over chairmanship of the transition board, £13.5 million has been released to help supply chain businesses and workers.
That is the first tranche, with further funds to come.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I welcome the Front Benchers to their places.
They will know that the steel industry in Wales is just one of a number that have suffered in recent decades.
Last year, the Industrial Communities Alliance said that tackling the effects of deindustrialisation in Wales has been hampered by competitive bidding, which forces local authorities in deprived areas to bid against each other, preventing partnership working and a more strategic approach.
Will the Secretary of State confirm whether future rounds of the UK shared prosperity fund allocated to Wales will no longer be subject to competitive bidding?
This Government were elected on a manifesto that stressed a partnership approach with local authorities and an intention to stabilise the funding system, moving away from wasteful competition.
Those are the principles we will seek to apply as we think about the future of local growth funding.
As with all Government decisions regarding funding beyond March 2025, it is ultimately a matter for the spending review.
I call the Chair of the Welsh Affairs Committee.
Under the previous Government, the transition board met six times and formed two sub-committees, but did not distribute a single penny of the funding that was promised to support businesses and workers in south Wales.
Will the Secretary of State provide an assessment of how the transition board has changed under her leadership?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on her election as Chair of the Welsh Affairs Committee, and I look forward to engaging with her and her colleagues as they take on their important work.
As I set out, we have released £13.5 million as the first tranche of funding from the transition board.
That has changed the situation radically from discussion to delivery.
That is what we promised; that is what we have delivered.
Whether she has had recent discussions with (a) Cabinet colleagues and (b) the Welsh Government on steps to improve cross-border train services.
Last week, I met the Transport Secretary to discuss rail infrastructure and steps to improve cross-border connectivity.
I also joined the Welsh Government Cabinet Secretary, Ken Skates, to announce the joint Network Rail and Transport for Wales programme that will increase rail capacity by 40%, with 50% more timetabled services on the north Wales main line.
It a real delight to see my right hon.
Friend in her place.
The train line from Aberystwyth to Birmingham International via Telford is critical to the university, and to the economies and connectivity of mid Wales, Telford and wider Shropshire.
What conversations has my right hon.
Friend had with the Welsh Government, Transport for Wales and the Department for Transport about improving that line and the rolling stock?
I agree with my hon.
Friend that the Cambrian line provides an important connection to and from Aberystwyth University, and it plays a key role in supporting cross-border connectivity for the people of mid-Wales and beyond.