Wildlife Refuge's boundary. This expansion would increase the National Wildlife Refuge's acreage by more than 23 percent, supporting President Biden's ``America the Beautiful'' National Conservation Goal to protect and conserve at least 30 percent of the lands and waters in the United States by 2030 and Governor Newsom's similar conservation goal for the State of California. Conserving California's special places has been a lifelong passion throughout my tenure in the State Legislature, as Deputy Secretary of the Interior to President Clinton, and now as a Member of Congress representing Solano County. San Pablo Bay is one of those special places. This bill will help to restore the saltmarshes in San Pablo Bay for future generations and increase outdoor recreation opportunities for Bay Area residents and visitors alike. Importantly, this bill does not infringe upon state interests or individual property owners and prevents the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service from using eminent domain to acquire properties within the expanded boundaries. Instead, the bill directs the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to only acquire land within the newly extended boundary from willing sale or donation. Furthermore, the bill encourages the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to engage in cooperative management with state agencies to better manage the National Wildlife Refuge and nearby state conservation lands within the San Pablo Bay watershed. This bill is inspired by the tireless efforts of the late U.S. Senator Dianne Feinstein (D-CA) and the late Congressman Don Edwards (D-CA) to restore and conserve the Bay Area's saltmarshes and wetlands. Thanks to their leadership and steadfast work, the Don Edwards San Francisco Bay National Wildlife Refuge in the South Bay now encompasses over 30,000 acres of habitat for millions of migratory birds and endangered species. It is an honor to continue Senator Feinstein and Congressman Edwards' legacy of protecting and restoring resilient bayland ecosystems that benefit both wildlife, people, and our planet. The ``San Pablo National Wildlife Refuge Expansion Act'' takes a critical step toward preserving the Bay Area's ecological diversity and ensuring the resilience of our communities as we continue fighting the climate crisis. I thank the hundreds of Bay Area residents and Californians who participated in the public comment period on my draft bill announced in September 2023. Their thoughtful comments and overwhelming support made this a stronger bill. My colleagues and I are honored to introduce this bill to help restore vital ecosystems and improve the north Bay's climate resiliency by preserving one of California's special places for future generations. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all Members to join us in cosponsoring this bill.