Several launch operations, including Orbex, are targeting orbital launches from SaxaVord spaceport in Shetland this year.
That is a testament to the innovation taking place throughout the UK and specifically in Scotland.
If that first space launch happens, and I believe it will, it will happen at SaxaVord in Unst, and the Secretary of State will be very welcome to join us when it does.
For the UK space sector as a whole to recognise the full opportunities we have, we need to get serious about the delivery of the Government’s space strategy.
Last year, the National Audit Office identified a number of challenges that the strategy faces.
When will we hear the Government’s response?
I agree with the right hon.
Gentleman that, when we came into office, we did not inherit a clear strategy for delivering on our priorities for space.
That strategy is now being developed.
The investments we are making as a Department and a Government into space, and the way we are making sure that our relationship with the European Space Agency is delivering for the British sector—we have more grants being delivered in the UK in the latest round of funding than any other country—show that we are delivering.
I share his enthusiasm and certainty that a launch will happen this year, and I very much look forward to being there alongside him to witness it.
What assessment he has made of the effectiveness of Ofcom’s reporting of mobile coverage.
I am sure that every Member of the House would agree that Ofcom’s reporting of mobile coverage is rather over-optimistic and does not reflect people’s lived experience.
I am absolutely determined to change that, and Ofcom is helping me to do so.
My constituent Lesley suffers from multiple health conditions, including epilepsy, and lives with the constant risk of seizures.
Her family rely on broadband to use the landline, but recently the broadband went down for several days, which meant she was completely unable to make calls because of the ongoing problems with mobile coverage in Llandudno.
Will the Minister agree to meet me to discuss how we can safeguard vulnerable customers such as Lesley and address the issues in Llandudno?
I think my hon.
Friend also has a problem at one of her universities, which we are going to try to deal with as well.
She has written to me, and I will write back as soon as possible, but perhaps we could short-cut that with a meeting.
I am conscious that, for medical conditions, the resilience of someone’s connectivity is just as important as the day-to-day coverage.
I thank the Minister for his candour and honesty.
He is one of the most effective, experienced and able Ministers in the Government.
Having paid those compliments, can I encourage him to visit Shropshire, where there are still too many notspots?
Perhaps one of the reasons is that this country has only four mobile network operators.
Is it not time that we had more competition?
Finally, is the shared rural network agreement likely to hit its targets by the end of this year?
The shared rural network will reach its targets.
The right hon.
Member makes a very good point, which is that, frankly, the connectivity that people think they are getting from Ofcom is simply not what they are actually getting.
Their phone looks as though it has lots of bars and is saying 4G, but they cannot even download an app to park their car.
We have to transform that across the whole of the UK.
In the end, most of that is down to the industry, and I want to make sure that we remove some of the barriers to further investment in the industry to improve mobile connectivity for every single Member of the House.
What steps his Department is taking to ensure that smaller platforms are adequately regulated to protect children from online harms.