As the Chancellor shares her spring statement, that is an era I will keep working with her to deliver.
The Secretary of State has today referred to space and AI as key drivers of growth.
Closer to home, in my constituency and across the country, our creative industries are huge drivers of growth, but there is a battle with AI.
If our creators’ content is taken and they are not recompensed, that will damage the economy, too.
Is he talking to those industries and to the Department for Culture, Media and Sport to ensure that our creative content creators are protected?
I can assure my hon.
Friend that I am speaking to both sectors, and I am determined that both sectors will get fit for the future as we face the opportunities and challenges.
We are lucky as a country to have the second largest creative arts sector and the third largest AI market in the world.
This is both a benefit and an opportunity for our country, and this Government will navigate any challenges it poses so that both sectors are fit to exploit the opportunities they have and for commercial gain into the future.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Luke Shipley has grown his tech start-up from two employees to more than 100 in just five years.
This year, Luke wanted to double his workforce in Britain, but Labour’s jobs tax is forcing him to look abroad.
While our competitors benefit, our communities at home are missing out.
Why has the Secretary of State failed to protect them from Labour’s jobs tax?
I can assure the business the shadow Secretary of State is referring to that the economic environment here will not only fix the foundations of our economy, but face the future.
The very fact that so many people from organisations around the world are now building out in the UK shows that Britain has the best regulatory, legislative and economic environment in which to invest and thrive as a tech sector into the future.
Thank goodness this Government are doing that, instead of offering the decline of the previous Government.
Luke says Labour’s jobs tax is a huge blow to Britain’s tech sector, and he is absolutely right.
Jobs are being destroyed, investment is down and our wealth creators are leaving the country.
Why is the Secretary of State not clearing up the Chancellor’s mess?
I am not sure that the hon.
Gentleman has been reading the news.
We have had more than £30 billion of tech investment in this country from around the world.
He should be celebrating that, not talking it down.
It was inspiring to meet Safran Electrical & Power and tour its site in Pitstone in my constituency earlier this month.
Safran is celebrating a world first: it has obtained certification from the European Union Aviation Safety Agency for the first electric motor to power new air mobility.
Will the Secretary of State join me in congratulating Safran and, given the crucial need to decarbonise aviation, will he assure me of our commitment to innovation in this sector?
I was so happy to learn about Safran’s work.
It is leading the world in electric motors for the aviation sector, as the first to receive certification from the European Union Aviation Safety Agency for powering the future generation of air mobility.
This is a Government who are supporting that kind of innovation and ensuring that this country is leading the world in innovation, job creation, wealth creation and solving the big challenges the world faces into the future.
I recently spoke at a United Nations event hosted by the French that looked at how pornography and extreme content are contributing to misogynistic and toxic behaviour towards women.
Will the Secretary of State tell us what proposals this Government have to implement the recent recommendations of the report commissioned by the previous Government?
The hon.
Lady raises a very important point.