We will spend a minimum of 10% of the Ministry of Defence’s equipment budget on new, novel  technologies, including drones and artificial intelligence-enabled technology, driving forward advanced manufacturing production in places like Glasgow, Derby and Newport, creating demand for highly skilled engineers and scientists, and delivering new business opportunities for UK tech firms and start-ups.
We will establish a protected budget of £400 million in the Ministry of Defence—a budget that will rise over time—for UK defence innovation, and a clear mandate to bring innovative technology to the frontline at speed.
We will reform our broken defence procurement system, making it quicker, more agile and more streamlined, and giving small businesses across the UK better access to Ministry of Defence contracts—something welcomed by the Federation of Small Businesses.
We will take forward our plan for Barrow, a town at the heart of our nuclear security, working with my hon.
Friend  the Member for Barrow and Furness (Michelle Scrogham) .
We are providing £200 million to support the creation of thousands of jobs there.
We will regenerate Portsmouth naval base, securing its future, as called for by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Portsmouth South (Stephen Morgan) .
We will secure better homes for thousands of military families—the homes that they deserve, which were denied to them by the previous Government—in the constituencies of my hon.
Friends the Members for Plymouth Moor View (Fred Thomas), for Plymouth Sutton and Devonport (Luke Pollard) and for York Outer (Mr Charters) and  in Aldershot.
That is the difference that this Labour Government are making.
Finally, we will provide £2 billion of increased capacity for UK Export Finance to provide loans for overseas buyers of UK defence goods and services.
I want to do more with our defence budget, so that we can buy, make and sell things here in Britain.
I want to give our world-leading defence companies and those who work in them further opportunities to grow, and to create jobs in Britain, as military spending rightly increases all across Europe.
To oversee all this vital work, my right hon.
Friend the Defence Secretary and I will establish a new defence growth board to maximise the benefits from every pound of taxpayers’ money that we spend, and we will put defence at the heart of our modern industrial strategy to drive innovation, which can deliver huge benefits for the British economy.
That is how we make our country a defence industrial superpower, so that the skills, jobs and opportunities of the future can be found right here in the United Kingdom.
As the previous Government learned to their detriment, there are no shortcuts to economic growth.
It will take long-term decisions.
It will take our putting in the hard yards.
It will take time for the effect of the reforms that we are introducing to be felt in the everyday economy.
It is right that the Office for Budget Responsibility should consider the evidence and look carefully at measures before recognising a growth impact in its forecast, but I can announce to the House that the OBR has considered and has scored one of the central planks of our plan for growth.
In my first week as Chancellor, I announced that we were pursuing the most ambitious set of planning reforms in decades to get Britain building again, and in December we published changes to the national planning policy framework, driven forward tirelessly by my right hon.
Friend the Deputy Prime Minister.
We are reintroducing mandatory housing targets, and bringing grey-belt land  into scope.
The OBR has today concluded that these reforms will permanently increase the level of real GDP by 0.2% in ’29-30—an additional £6.8 billion for our economy—and by 0.4% of GDP within 10 years, which is an additional £15.1 billion in the British economy.
That is the biggest positive growth impact that the OBR has ever reflected in its forecast, for a policy with no fiscal cost.