We on the Government Benches are clear about whose side we are on; the parties opposite must decide, too.
This Labour Government are taking the right decisions now to secure Britain’s future.
Today, I can confirm to the House that the OBR has upgraded its growth forecast next year and every single year thereafter, with GDP growth of 1.9% in 2026, 1.8% in 2027, 1.7% in 2028, and 1.8% in 2029.
By the end of the forecast, our economy will be larger compared with the OBR’s forecast at the time of the Budget.
That is the difference that this Labour Government are making.
This is not just about lines on a graph; it is about improving people’s lives.
Working people are still feeling the pinch after a cost of living crisis caused by the Conservatives that caused interest rates and inflation to go through the roof, so I am pleased that the OBR confirms today that real household disposable income will now grow this year at almost twice the rate expected in the autumn.
Compared with the forecast in the final Budget delivered by the Conservatives, and after taking inflation into account, the OBR says today that households will be on average more than £500 a year better off under this Labour Government.
That will mean more money in the pockets of working people and higher living standards—promised by this Labour Government, delivered by this Labour Government and opposed by the parties opposite.
The world is changing.
We can see that, and we can feel it.
A changing world demands a Government who are on the side of working people, acting in their interest, acting in the national interest, not retreating from challenges, and not stepping back.
It demands a Government with the courage to step up to secure Britain’s future and to seize the opportunities that are out there and before us.
I am impatient for change.
The British people are impatient for change after 14 years of failure, and we are beginning to see change happen.
Our plan for change is working.
Defence spending is rising.
Waiting lists are falling.
Wages are up and interest rates are cut.
That is the difference that this Labour Government are making.
Today, the OBR confirms that our plan to get Britain building will drive growth in our economy and put more money in people’s pockets.
There are no quick fixes, but we have taken the right choices: returning stability to our economy after years of mismanagement by the party opposite, and delivering security for our country and security for working people.
That is what drives this Government; that is what drives me as Chancellor; and, that is what drives the choices I have set out today.
I commend this statement to the House.
I call the shadow Chancellor.
At the last Budget, the right hon.
Lady said that she would bring stability to the public finances, but this statement, more appropriately referred to as an emergency Budget, has brought her to a cold—[Interruption.]
Order.
Rightly, I wanted to hear the Chancellor, and I now want to hear the shadow Chancellor. [
Interruption.]
I do not need any help.
This emergency Budget has brought the right hon.
Lady to a cold hard reckoning.
She has become fond recently of talking about the world having changed, and indeed it has.
This country was growing at the fastest rate in the G7 only about a year ago.
Just as the OECD, the Bank of England and other forecasters—including, we learn today, the OBR—have stated, growth has been halved for this year.
It has been cut in two as a consequence of the decisions and the choices that the right hon.
Lady has made on her watch.
Inflation was down to 2%—bang on target—under a Conservative Government on the very day of the last general election.