We have to transform that across the whole of the UK.
In the end, most of that is down to the industry, and I want to make sure that we remove some of the barriers to further investment in the industry to improve mobile connectivity for every single Member of the House.
What steps his Department is taking to ensure that smaller platforms are adequately regulated to protect children from online harms.
I welcome the national conversation taking place about how we protect children online.
The Online Safety Act 2023 requires all regulated user-to-user  and search services to comply with the illegal content and child safety rules.
The illegal content duties came into effect last week, and I am closely monitoring the impact of these duties on online safety.
Many schools in my constituency of Mid Dunbartonshire use mobile phones as an educational tool, yet along with this learning opportunity comes easy access to sites posting horrendous content.
I would like to know how the Government plan to tackle small, foreign-based websites exposing people to graphic content.
What steps is the Department taking to ensure that smaller platforms are adequately regulated to protect children from online harms?
I am grateful to the hon.
Member for her question and the manner in which she expressed it, which recognised the complexity of smartphone use—the benefits as well as the potential harmful aspects.
I can assure her that, as of last week, the power to demand that illegal content be taken down has come into force.
I accept that there is still illegal content online, but I am closely watching the way that Ofcom responds.
I think that, in the coming days and weeks, she will see action showing how assertive it intends to be, and I expect it to be, in doing so.
It also has a taskforce looking at the small but risky sites she mentions.
I will be looking at this very closely and supporting Ofcom in relation to its requirement to act in those circumstances.
The domestic abuse charity Oasis in my constituency has alerted me to the appalling situation whereby young women are being coerced into setting up OnlyFans accounts to generate income.
Will the Secretary of State outline what steps he is taking to ensure that the sector can root out coercion and exploitation?
My hon.
Friend is a champion on these issues.
Oasis, a great charity, is lucky to have her here in the House of Commons as a voice for its work and for the need to make radical changes to keep people safe online.
I can assure her that the situation she describes breaches several aspects of law, including the need to take down illegal content.
I will be watching closely, as she will, and working with her to ensure that the new powers and those that are coming online are effective and that we adapt to these challenges in future.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
On my safer screens tour, to discuss online safety for children, students themselves are calling for action.
They talk about brain rot and the subtle but dangerous impact on their mental health, their self-esteem, their world outlook and their time.
Does the Secretary of State agree with the Liberal Democrats that, given this public health crisis and the massive profits made by social media giants such as Musk, we should look to seek revenues from a digital service tax, rather than cutting benefits from disabled people and struggling families?
I can assure the hon.
Lady—she will have heard this from my previous answers—that we are determined to keep young people safe online.
Online  activity and the services offered to people in this country and around the world are adapting and evolving fast because of the speed of innovation.