At the Budget, alongside providing an increase in funding for this year and next, I set the envelope for the spending review, which we will deliver in June, led by the Chief Secretary to the Treasury.
That will set departmental budgets until 2028-29 for day-to-day spending, and until 2029-30 for capital spending.
Today’s statement reflects two steps that we have taken on our spending plans.
First, because we are living in an uncertain world, as the Prime Minister has set out, we will increase defence spending to 2.5% of GDP and reduce overseas aid to 0.3% of gross national income.
That means that we save £2.6 billion in day-to-day spending in 2029-30 to fund our more capital-intensive defence commitments.
Secondly, in recent months, we have begun to fundamentally reform the British state, driving efficiency and productivity across Government to deliver tangible savings and improve services across our country.
Earlier this month, the Prime Minister set out our plans to abolish the arm’s length body NHS England, and to ensure that money goes directly to improving the service for patients.
The Secretary of State for Health and Social Care is driving forward vital reforms to increase NHS productivity, and is bearing down on costly agency spend to save money so that we can improve patient care.
The Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster is taking forward work to reduce the cost of running Government significantly—by 15%.
That will be worth £2 billion by the end of the decade.
This work shows that we can make our state leaner and more agile, and deliver more resources to the frontline, while ensuring that we control day-to-day spending to meet our fiscal rules.
Today, I build on that work by bringing forward £3.25 billion of investment to deliver the reforms that our public services need through a new transformation fund.
That is money brought forward now to bring down the cost of running Government by the end of the forecast period by making public services more efficient, more productive and more focused on the user.
I can confirm today the first allocations from this fund, including funding for voluntary exit schemes to reduce the size of the civil service, and for pioneering artificial intelligence tools to modernise the state; investment in technology for the Ministry of Justice to deliver probation services more effectively; and up-front investment so that we can support more children in foster care, to give them the best possible start in life and reduce cost pressures in the future.
Our work to make Government leaner, more productive and more efficient will help deliver a further £3.5 billion of day-to-day savings by 2029-30.
Overall, day-to-day spending will be reduced by £6.1 billion by 2029-30, and it will now grow by an average of 1.2% a year above inflation; for comparison, in the autumn, that figure was 1.3%.
I can confirm to the House that day-to-day spending will increase in real terms above inflation in every single year of the forecast.
In the spending review, apart from the reductions in overseas aid, day-to-day spending across Government has been fully protected.
I can also confirm our approach to capital investment.
In the autumn Budget, I announced £100 billion of additional capital spending to crowd in investment  from the private sector, in order to fix our crumbling infrastructure and create jobs in every corner of our country.
Today, I am not cutting capital spending, as  the Conservative party did time and again, because that choked off growth and left our school roofs literally crumbling.
That was the wrong choice.
It was the irresponsible choice.
It was the Tory choice.
Today, I am instead increasing capital spending by an average of £2 billion per year, compared with in the autumn, to drive growth in our economy and to deliver in full our vital commitments on defence.