UK Research and Innovation invested £10 million in MND research in 2023-24, and it also plays a key role in funding the underpinning research that benefits medical research more generally.
Since 2022, the Medical Research Council and the National Institute for Health and Care Research have awarded £2.8 million to MND projects led by Scottish research organisations.
My hon.
Friend will know of the important work of MND campaigners, including my constituent Mark Sommerville, who are seeking more Government investment in MND research.
I recognise that any further plans for research and development investment would be outlined after the spending review in June, but can my hon.
Friend give some reassurance to those with MND and their families, for whom time matters so much, that the Department is giving consideration to boosting investment in MND research, working with key partners to accelerate the development of new treatments?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for drawing attention to the work of the Mark Sommerville Foundation in this important area.
Government funders are investing in MND research to accelerate progress.
Let me give just one example.
Through UK Research and Innovation and the National Institute for Health and Care Research, the Government are investing £6 million in the MND translational accelerator, led by Dementias Platform UK.
The aim of the funded projects is to accelerate the development of treatment for MND.
It is good to hear that there is continuing investment in the search for therapies and indeed cures to deal with this horrific disease, but even if therapies do emerge, one of the frustrations in getting them to patients may be the inability of scientists to obtain access to clinical trials.
In “Life Sciences Vision”, published in 2021, a number of groups combined to look into access to clinical trials in the UK and the possibility of increasing the number of such trials, but acceleration has not been good.
I chair the all-party parliamentary group for life sciences, and one of the comments I hear most frequently in the industry is about the need for a more focused effort in this regard.
Would the Minister consider establishing a clinical trials taskforce in her Department to drive this important work forward?
The Government are doing and have done a great deal.
We have continued to support this work through both UKRI and the NIHR, and a large amount of funding has gone into clinical research.
However, I should be happy to discuss the issue further with the right hon.
Gentleman, and to let him know what more work could be done on clinical trials.
What plans his Department has to support a UK space launch.
Being a leader in the new space race is vital to protecting the UK’s security and delivering on our mission for growth.
The Government have invested in a range of launch capabilities, including spaceports in Cornwall and Scotland and also launch vehicles.
Most recently, we invested £20 million to enable the UK rocket manufacturer Orbex to complete the construction of its launch vehicle.
What work is the Department doing to ensure that the UK space sector is a launch pad for innovation and investment, and creates skilled jobs—both commercial and in the defence sector—across Scotland and the United Kingdom as a whole?
We have space skills across the UK, but we have particular expertise in Scotland.
I enjoyed visiting Glasgow recently to see how every part of its economy supports the space sector, especially the small satellite manufacturing sector.
Several launch operations, including Orbex, are targeting orbital launches from SaxaVord spaceport in Shetland this year.
That is a testament to the innovation taking place throughout the UK and specifically in Scotland.
If that first space launch happens, and I believe it will, it will happen at SaxaVord in Unst, and the Secretary of State will be very welcome to join us when it does.