Friend  the Member for City of Durham (Mary Kelly Foy)  and  the hon.
Member for Harrow East (Bob Blackman) , for their long-standing support for the Bill.
Through their amendments, they highlight the importance of retaining a focus on support for current smokers.
That is why we are investing an extra £70 million for local stop smoking services this year and working to ensure that all NHS hospitals offer opt-out smoking cessation services into routine care.
I hope they will be pleased that we have been able to confirm the extension of the swap to stop scheme for the coming year, with up to £90 million of funding to provide free vape starter kits for smokers to use as quit aids.
On the group of amendments relating to vape advertising, we realise that products being deliberately marketed at children is unacceptable, which is why we have included a commitment to stop vapes being branded and advertised to children.
The Government are also investing £10 million of new funding for the coming year for National Trading Standards to tackle underage illicit tobacco and vapes and to boost the trading standards workforce by recruiting 80 new apprentices, providing additional boots on the ground.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps he is taking to help tackle technology-enabled violence against women and girls.
I praise my hon.
Friend’s work as Chair of the Women and Equalities Committee.
She knows full well the importance of this area.
She will also know that the Government have pledged to halve violence against women and girls over the course of a decade.
That is one of our missions in government.
Ofcom has now published its draft guidance and I expect it, after that good work and good start, to implement that in full in the months and years ahead.
Like many, I have seen adverts for artificial intelligence apps, which are some of the most downloaded apps across the world, targeted directly at teenagers.
These adverts boast about the apps’ ability to create AI videos of non-consensual intimate acts between real people without their knowledge.
We know that these tools disproportionately hurt women and young people.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking to protect women, girls and young boys from this deeply malicious use of artificial intelligence, and will he take action against AI companies that promote these features?
I am extremely grateful to my hon.
Friend for her question, because she raises an incredibly important point.
It is one that was tackled in our manifesto—our promise of change for the country—and it is one that we are now delivering in government.
We will bring forward amendments to the Data (Use and Access) Bill, and we are working closely with Baroness Owen in the House of Lords to make sure that they are effective.
We expect these issues to be dealt with.
The creation of non-consensual deepfakes will become illegal, and they will be tackled into the future.
Technology is a significant enabler of trafficking, which has affected many women in my constituency.
The incredible social enterprise Bramber Bakehouse supports women victims and survivors of trafficking through the art of baking.
Will the Secretary of State join me in congratulating Bramber Bakehouse and its founder, Lucy Butt, on   their work and on her being the inaugural co-chair of the new domestic abuse network in Eastbourne, which is trying to reduce violence against women and girls?
I praise the work of the charity that the hon.
Member mentions in his constituency.
May I also praise him for the interview he gave at the weekend on this subject, which was very touching indeed?
I assure him that the experiences being tackled by the charity he mentioned and the ones he raised in his interview are being tackled by this Government.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.