I thank him for raising that really important set of cases.
This Labour Government were elected to bring change to our country, to provide security for working people and to deliver a decade of national renewal.
That work began in July, and I am proud of what we have delivered in just nine months: restoring stability to our public finances, giving the Bank of England the foundation to cut interest rates three times since the general election, rebuilding our public services, with record investment in our NHS bringing waiting lists down for five months in a row, and increasing the national living wage to give 3 million people a pay rise from next week.
Now our task is to secure Britain’s future in a world that is changing before our eyes.
The threat facing our continent was transformed when Putin invaded Ukraine.
It has since escalated further and continues to evolve rapidly.
At the same time, the global economy has become more uncertain, bringing insecurity at home as trading patterns become more unstable and borrowing costs rise for many major economies.
The job of a responsible Government is not simply to watch this change.
This moment demands an active Government—a Government not stepping back but stepping up, a Government on the side of working people helping Britain reach its potential.
We have the strengths to do just that as one of the world’s largest economies, an ally to trading partners across the globe, and a hub for global innovation.
These strengths and the progress we have made so far mean that we can act quickly and decisively in a more uncertain world to secure Britain’s future and to deliver prosperity for working people.
As I set out at the Budget last year, I am today returning to the House to provide an update on our public finances, supported by a new forecast from the independent Office for Budget Responsibility, ahead of a full spending review in June.
I will then return to the House in the autumn to deliver a Budget in line with our commitment to deliver just one major fiscal event a year.
Let me now turn to the OBR’s forecasts; I want to thank Richard Hughes and his team for their dedicated work.
The increased global uncertainty has had two consequences: first on our public finances and secondly on our economy.
I will take each in turn.
In the autumn, I set out our new fiscal rules that would guide this Government.
These fiscal rules are non-negotiable.
They are the embodiment of this Government’s unwavering commitment to bring stability to our economy and to ensure security for working people, because the British people have seen what happens when a Government borrow beyond their means.
The mini-Budget delivered by the Conservatives resulted in higher bills, higher rents and higher mortgages, and it was not the wealthy who suffered most when they crashed the economy; it was ordinary working people.
They continue to feel the effects two and a half years later of the damage that the Conservatives did.
Let me be clear: there is nothing progressive, there is nothing Labour, about working people paying the price for economic irresponsibility.
The British people put their trust in this Labour Government because they knew that we—they knew that I—would never take  risks with the public finances and would never do anything to put household finances in danger.
We must earn that trust every single day.
I set out two rules at the Budget.
The first was our stability rule, which ensures that public spending is under control, balancing the current budget by 2029-30 so that day-to-day spending is met by tax receipts.
The second was our investment rule to drive growth in the economy, ensuring that net financial debt falls by the end of the forecast period, while enabling us to invest alongside business.