I thank my hon.
Friend for his question; he does great work to bring our communities together, especially in Slough.
Any form of racial or religious-based hatred is abhorrent and has no place in society.
We have set aside over £50 million to protect faith communities and freedom of worship.
That is the right thing to do; it is a shame that we have to do it.
Our £15 million community recovery fund has been supporting communities affected by the disorder last summer—again, that is the right thing to do, but it is a shame that we have to do it.
The problems faced by Heathrow earlier in the week have highlighted again that since the closure of Manston airport in Kent, the south-east lacks a major diversion facility.
Although such a facility would not, of course, have compensated for the closure of Heathrow, which is a major hub airport, does the Prime Minister agree that the reopening of Manston, planned for October 2028, will be a significant contribution to the resilience of aviation in the south-east?
The right hon.
Gentleman is right to raise the concern about the situation at Heathrow and I think everybody is very concerned by what happened last week.
There are clearly questions that need to be answered on a number of fronts in relation to what happened, and an investigation is ongoing.
I will not announce particular parts of our policy and strategy here, at this stage.
In my constituency of North Ayrshire and Arran, the SNP ferry fiasco is having a devastating social and economic impact on Ardrossan and the Isle of Arran.
As well as a CalMac ferry being built that does not fit into the existing harbour, the Fraser of Allander Institute estimates that the disrupted ferries cost the Isle of Arran £170,000 of lost revenue per day.
Does the Prime Minister agree that the SNP Government need to find a rapid solution to swiftly address this serious situation?
I thank my hon.
Friend for fighting SNP incompetence on behalf of her constituents.
Yet again, the SNP is failing island communities.
Hospital appointments are being missed and livelihoods destroyed.
Scotland has a proud history of shipbuilding and engineering.
The SNP should be supporting Scottish workers and focusing on delivering for our communities.
Canford Magna in my constituency is proposed as a site for a new energy-from-waste incinerator, which will burn 260,000 tonnes of waste a year—more than the whole of Dorset’s use.
I am concerned that as we reduce our levels of waste with the brilliant new plans to recycle more, we will end up having to feed the monster.
The area already has 95% of the capacity, so does the Prime Minister agree that we should not allow new plants where we already have sufficient capacity or where carbon capture will not be included?
I hope the hon.
Lady will forgive me, but I do not know the details of the particular incinerator she speaks of and I am not across that.
I will make sure, however, that she gets an answer to her question in written form as soon as possible.
May I commend my right hon.
and learned Friend for his leadership on Ukraine, showing that the UK is once again at the forefront of protecting democratic freedoms?
Does he agree that as our defence spending increases, we need to support our supply chain companies to increase their capability, creating good jobs and apprenticeships in places such as Stockton North and across the country?
Will he meet me and the Teesside defence and innovation cluster that I have established, which is helping to create that new defence capability for the UK?
This is a once-in-a-generation moment for the security of our country and our continent.
We have set out the fully funded increase in defence spending to 2.5% in 2027, the biggest sustained boost since the cold war, but that must benefit British jobs and British businesses.