I am grateful to the right hon.
Member for sharing his personal experience of this; he is right to do so.
My family has lived with disability for many years as well, so I understand the human element.
We need to give support to those who need it, we need to help those who want to work into work, and we need to be clear that those who can work should work.
In England, we inherited a failed system that could not be defended, but it is also failing in Scotland.
The right hon.
Member focuses on young people, and 84,000 young Scots—that is 15% of them—are not in employment, education or training.
That is terrible.
Almost 300,000 Scots are economically inactive due to temporary or long-term illness.
What we are doing is taking the steps to help people into work with £1 billion of employment support.
The Scottish Government have record funding under the Budget—what are they going to do to help the young Scots who are being failed by their Government?
The Wrexham and Flintshire investment zone is one of the flagship examples of how, when the Government talk about kick-starting economic growth, they mean it.
This £160 million plan will breathe new life into the local economy and create 6,000 good local jobs, meaning that young people in Wrexham will be able to find more opportunities on their doorstep.
Will the Prime Minister join me in welcoming this important development for north Wales and the potential that it will unlock?
It is really important that we unleash the economic potential of north Wales, including by kick-starting the investment zone, which is backed by major businesses like Airbus and JCB, to leverage £1 billion of private investment; investing £975 million to benefit aerospace workers at Broughton, where I met the fantastic young workers; and securing £1 billion of investment in Shotton Mill, securing 300 jobs on Deeside.
We put a record amount of money into the Welsh Government at the Budget—a decision that was opposed by Plaid.
For what reason the Government has ordered that the UK’s two shale gas wells be permanently sealed.
The right hon.
Member asks about shale gas.
There are very real economic and environmental consequences to fracking, and communities have clearly said no.
I am sorry, but that answer had nothing to do with my question, which was to ask why the Government are ordering the permanent sealing of Britain’s only two shale gas wells.
The Government are perfectly entitled on environmental grounds not to exploit such wells in normal conditions, but does the Prime Minister not recognise that taking a decision now to concrete these things over so that a future Government cannot use them in a desperate situation, such as an international conflict where other sources of power were cut off from us, is an extremely irresponsible and reckless thing to do?
The right hon.
Member knows that there are real consequences of fracking, as I have set out.
What we need to do to secure our independence and the next generation of jobs and to lower bills is move at speed to renewable energy.
That is why I am pleased that record investment is coming into renewable energy so that a tyrant like Putin cannot put his boot on our throat.
If the Conservative party do not want to support that investment, they should say so.
Will the Prime Minister join me in thanking colleagues from across the House and the excellent Clerks and staff who have spent the last few months working on the Terminally Ill Adults (End of Life) Bill Committee?
Does he agree that if the law is to change on assisted dying, it is extremely important to implement that change as soon as it is safe and practicable to do so?
I congratulate all colleagues working on the Bill and taking part in the debate.