This situation has been created by the SNP, who will not fix it.
Does it sit with this House to amend the situation?
This is a really important issue, and Labour in Scotland has been clear that it would separate that role.
That is the right thing to do, for the reasons that have just been articulated; it is the obvious thing to do, and obviously it is what we do in England and Wales.
There have been calls for a review of this issue since 2021, but the SNP has not acted fast on those calls.
It really does need to bring forward proposals now to deal with this problem, which has been sitting there for a very long time.
I join the Prime Minister in welcoming the delegation from Bring Kids Back, which is trying to return the tens of thousands of children abducted by Vladimir Putin in an act of pure evil.
The Prime Minister will be aware that that initiative has been working with Yale University’s humanitarian lab, which was tracking thousands of those children inside Russia until recently—I say “until recently” because it has had its long-term funding removed.
Will he consider using our existing contributions to the   partnership fund for a resilient Ukraine to resume that important work, and in doing so, restore the hope that those children can be returned to their anguished families?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for emphasising this issue again.
Russia’s abduction of Ukrainian children is sickening—I think all of us across the House would agree on that.
A peace settlement in Ukraine must see Russia held to account and those children reunited with their families.
In specific reference to my hon.
Friend’s question, the UK is playing our full part in international efforts, including funding the Bring Kids Back initiative through the partnership fund for a resilient Ukraine.
I want to reassure the whole House that we will do everything we can to see those children returned and reintegrated as safely and quickly as is possible.
The seven-year-old adopted daughter of my constituent Sarah suffered immense trauma in her early years.
Thanks to support from the adoption and special guardianship support fund, she has been able to access much-needed therapy that has helped her to progress.
However, she and thousands of others do not know whether they will be able to get more help, because in just five days that fund ends, and Ministers have repeatedly refused to confirm whether it will continue.
Can the Prime Minister give a cast-iron guarantee to vulnerable children, adoptive parents and kinship carers that he will not cut that fund, so that Sarah—in her own words—can give her daughter
“the absolute best second chance in life she deserves”?
We will set out the details just as soon as we can, on the basis of the principles that I set out earlier.
The welfare scheme overall is not defendable on terms, but it must be one that supports those who need it.
The details will be set out.
While our nation was being engulfed last year by racist riots, in Slough, Christians, Hindus, Jews, Sikhs and people of faith and of no faith openly declared that if anybody tried to attack a mosque in our town, we would stand in solidarity with our local Muslim community to protect it.
Since then, however, many have become more fearful, with a rise in Islamophobic attacks, including at a mosque in Aberdeen this month.
Will my right hon.
and learned Friend the Prime Minister confirm for the country what steps the Government are taking to tackle such hate crime and promote community cohesion, so that those seeking to divide our British society are not allowed to succeed?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question; he does great work to bring our communities together, especially in Slough.
Any form of racial or religious-based hatred is abhorrent and has no place in society.