I would like to start by thanking all right hon.
and hon.
Members for their invaluable contributions during the passage of the Bill to date, and in particular, members of the Public Bill Committee for providing insight, scrutiny and debate.
I am honoured to have taken on responsibility for this Bill.
It is a watershed piece of legislation and the most significant public health intervention since the ban on smoking  in public places in 2007.
It will establish a smokefree generation by gradually ending the sale of tobacco products across the UK so that a child turning 16 this year will never be able to be legally sold tobacco, saving countless lives in the process.
It will strengthen existing powers to reduce the harms of second-hand smoke in public spaces.
In keeping with our manifesto commitment to the British people, it will outlaw the manipulative promotion of vapes to children to protect the next  generation from becoming hooked on nicotine.
Finally, it will implement robust measures to strengthen enforcement activity.
I do not need to tell anyone in this Chamber that tobacco kills—we all know that.
What hon.
Members may not know is just how much it kills, the rate at which it kills, and the devastation it causes for individuals, families and communities across the country.
Let me remind hon.
Members that tobacco kills more people than any other preventable cause of death.
Around 80,000 people in the UK lose their lives to tobacco every year.
It robs an average of 10 years off the life expectancy of smokers.
It substantially increases the risk of many major health conditions throughout people’s lives, such as stroke, diabetes, heart disease, stillbirth, dementia and asthma.
This daily tragedy continues unabated, with someone being admitted to hospital because of smoking almost every minute, day in, day out, with no end in sight.
Tobacco harms are not felt equally either.
Our most disadvantaged communities suffer most, with 230,000 households living in smoking-induced poverty.
In Blackpool, 17.5% of pregnant women still smoke at the time of delivery compared with 2.8% in Kensington and Chelsea.
Over a quarter of people with a long-term mental health condition smoke.
Beyond the immeasurable cost to lives in the UK, the staggering economic impact of tobacco on our NHS cannot be ignored.
The treatment of smoking-related diseases consumes approximately £3 billion a year of vital NHS and social care resources.
The cost of smoking to our economy is even greater: £18 billion is lost in productivity every year, far outweighing the tax receipts it brings in of around £9 billion.
The Bill is a vital step to break the devastating cycle of tobacco addiction and safeguard future generations from a lifetime of ill health.
But the world moves forward, and we cannot ignore the alarming rise of youth vaping.
While vaping is less harmful than smoking and can be an effective quit aid for adult smokers, children should never vape.
However, in the past five years, youth vaping has more than doubled.
One in four 11 to 15-year-olds tried vaping in 2023, and that is no accident.
It is in part due to the deliberate branding and advertisement of vapes to our children, with brightly coloured packaging and enticing sweet-like flavours—a calculated strategy to hook young people on nicotine.
We cannot afford to wait to act.
I turn to the Government amendments, which seek to strengthen the Bill and ensure greater clarity.
As we create the first smokefree generation and strengthen age restrictions on vapes and nicotine products, we want to support retailers in taking appropriate steps to ensure they do not sell to customers under the age of sale.
New clause 11 and Government amendments 47 to 49, 51 to 53, 61, 63, 65 to 67, 69 to 71, 75, 77, 79 and 81 are a package of amendments and consequential amendments to the Bill.