We are reintroducing mandatory housing targets, and bringing grey-belt land  into scope.
The OBR has today concluded that these reforms will permanently increase the level of real GDP by 0.2% in ’29-30—an additional £6.8 billion for our economy—and by 0.4% of GDP within 10 years, which is an additional £15.1 billion in the British economy.
That is the biggest positive growth impact that the OBR has ever reflected in its forecast, for a policy with no fiscal cost.
Taken together with our plans to increase capital spending, which we set out in the Budget last year, this Government’s policies will increase the level of real GDP by 0.6% in the next 10 years.
That is the difference that this Labour Government are making.
Those are policies to grow our economy promised by a Labour Government, delivered by a Labour Government and opposed by the parties opposite.
The planning system that we inherited was far  too slow.
The OBR has concluded that our reforms will  lead to house building reaching a 40-year high, with 305,000 homes a year by the end of the forecast period.
Changes to the national planning policy framework alone will help build over 1.3 million homes in the UK over the next five years, taking us within touching distance of delivering our manifesto promise to build 1.5 million homes in England in this Parliament.
Those are homes promised by this Labour Government, homes built by this Labour Government and homes opposed by the parties opposite.
The impact on our economy goes further still.
I said at the election that we could not simply tax and spend our way to prosperity.
We need economic growth, so I can today confirm that the effect of our growth policies, including our planning reforms, means an additional £3.4 billion to support our public finances and our public services by 2029-30.
Those are the proceeds of growth, promised by this Labour Government, delivered by this Labour Government and opposed by the parties opposite.
Earlier this week, we provided an additional £2 billion of investment in social and affordable homes next year, delivering up to 18,000 new homes, and allowing local areas to bid for new development across our country, including sites in Thanet, Sunderland and Swindon.
That is more security for families across the country, promised by this Labour Government, delivered by this Labour Government and opposed by the parties opposite.
To build these new homes, we need people with the right skills.
Earlier this week, my right hon.
Friend the Education Secretary announced more than £600 million to train up 60,000 more construction workers, including through 10 new technical excellence colleges across every region of the country, giving working people the chance to fulfil their potential.
Those are new opportunities for our young people, promised by this Labour Government, delivered by this Labour Government and opposed by the parties opposite.
All this is just the start.
The Planning and Infrastructure Bill passed its Second Reading on Monday.
That was no thanks to the parties opposite.
Once that Bill completes its passage, it will help deliver the homes and infrastructure our country badly needs.
I say to the parties opposite: the British people will be watching.
If the parties opposite do not support these reforms, let us be clear about what that would mean: they are opposing economic growth,  they are opposing more homes for families and they are opposing good jobs across our country.
We on the Government Benches are clear about whose side we are on; the parties opposite must decide, too.
This Labour Government are taking the right decisions now to secure Britain’s future.
Today, I can confirm to the House that the OBR has upgraded its growth forecast next year and every single year thereafter, with GDP growth of 1.9% in 2026, 1.8% in 2027, 1.7% in 2028, and 1.8% in 2029.