Will the Prime Minister join me in thanking colleagues from across the House and the excellent Clerks and staff who have spent the last few months working on the Terminally Ill Adults (End of Life) Bill Committee?
Does he agree that if the law is to change on assisted dying, it is extremely important to implement that change as soon as it is safe and practicable to do so?
I congratulate all colleagues working on the Bill and taking part in the debate.
It is an important issue on which there are different views across the House and within parties.
The Bill is a matter for the House, but it is the Government’s role to ensure that every piece of legislation that passes through Parliament is effective and workable, so we will continue to work with my hon.
Friend, as the Bill’s promoter, to do that in the same way that we do for every private Member’s Bill that passes Second Reading.
If Parliament chooses to pass the Bill, the Government will implement it in a way that is safe and practicable.
Acorns children’s hospice provides compassionate care to very young cancer patients and their families across Bromsgrove and the villages, yet it faces a staggering £416,000 increase in national insurance contributions as a result of choices made by this Government.
With no exemption for hospices and no uplift in non-capital funding, this means that the charity will have to draw on charitable donations made by the public, which will affect frontline services.
This is not right, so will the Prime Minister take this opportunity to right that wrong and exempt hospices from this tax?
We are investing £100 million in adult and children’s hospices to improve facilities, equipment and accommodation, as well as £26 million in funding  through the children’s hospice grant. [
Interruption.]
Conservative Members’ cries and moaning would have a lot more value if they started their questions with an apology for crashing the economy in the first place.
Roads in Burton and Uttoxeter and across Staffordshire are littered with potholes.
Local people are forking out thousands because of the Conservatives’ neglect and incompetence, despite this Labour Government giving Tory Staffordshire county council £39 million to get the job done.
Does the Prime Minister agree that the people of Staffordshire deserve better than roads with more dimples than a Staffordshire oatcake?
My hon.
Friend is right.
Potholes are a real nuisance; if somebody is using their car or van for work and they hit a pothole, they are looking at a bill of several hundred pounds, which for many working families is unbudgeted for.
That is why we are handing the West Midlands combined authority an additional £8.6 million to help repair its roads, as part of a record £1.6 billion invested across the country.
On top of that, every council must now publish how many potholes it has filled so that we can show that we are making progress and delivering—something that did not happen under the last Government.
When he was Director of Public Prosecutions, I do not think the right hon.
and learned Gentleman would have sat comfortably in the Cabinet of Prime Minister Cameron, but incredibly in Scotland, we have a situation in which the head of prosecutions—the Lord Advocate—does sit in Cabinet.
This situation has been thrown into sharp focus lately by a police probe into the finances of the SNP, and has been thrown further into focus because, although not personally involved, the Lord Advocate ultimately sits at the head of the investigation into former First Minister Nicola Sturgeon, who faced potential criminal charges.
This situation has been created by the SNP, who will not fix it.
Does it sit with this House to amend the situation?
This is a really important issue, and Labour in Scotland has been clear that it would separate that role.