We know that vending machines are used to bypass age of sale restrictions and to undertake proxy purchases on behalf of people under the age of sale.
Government amendments 50, 54, 55, 64, 68, 72 and 73 are clarifying amendments that make the scope of the prohibition on vending machines absolutely clear, as was discussed in Committee.
The Government’s position is that the Protection from Tobacco (Sales from Vending Machines) (England) Regulations 2010 already apply where a customer has a coupon, receipt or token purchased elsewhere that can be redeemed at a machine.
We are amending the clauses so that all machines that dispense products in connection with a sale are clearly captured by the ban.
The Bill strengthens the enforcement regime to support law-abiding retailers while taking action against those who break the rules.
Along with introducing new fixed penalty notices and new powers to create a licensing system, the Bill re-enacts provisions on restricted premises orders and restricted sale orders.
Those are existing  measures that local authority trading standards in England and Wales can use when dealing with a retailer that persistently breaches restrictions.
That ensures there is a range of tools in the enforcement armoury, so that trading standards officers can act quickly and effectively against rogue retailers.
Government amendments 58 and 59 clarify a point raised in Committee by removing a duplicative and unnecessary provision that would prevent a business or individual from operating a vending machine for the sale of tobacco, vaping or nicotine products following the issuing of a restricted premises order or a restricted sale order.
Given that the Bill already prohibits the use of vending machines for tobacco, vaping or nicotine products, there is no need for restricted premises orders and restricted sale orders to expressly prohibit the use of vending machines.
Together, the Government amendments will improve the implementation and enforceability of measures in the Bill to ensure the most effective protection for the public, and I commend them to the House.
Turning to the other amendments in the group, I thank hon.
Members for their scrutiny of the Bill so far.
When I wind up, I will try to cover the key themes that are touched on.
On the amendment that seeks to undermine the smokefree generation, I am sure we will hear arguments from some hon.
Members who have been listening to the tobacco industry’s arguments and myths about how people should be free to make their own choices.
I would say to them that smoking kills two thirds of its users.
Three quarters of people wish they had never started smoking, and the majority want to quit—that is not freedom of choice.
The tobacco industry took away that choice with addiction, usually at a young age.
On smokefree places, we have been clear: in England, we intend to consult on extending smokefree outdoor places to outside schools, children’s playgrounds and hospitals, but not to outdoor hospitality settings at this time.
No smoker wants to harm people, but with second-hand smoke, they do.
If people can smell smoke, they are inhaling it.
This is particularly important for children, pregnant women and people with pre-existing health conditions such as asthma or heart disease.
The only way to stop this harm is to stop people smoking around others.
While I understand hon.
Members’ proposals to list specific places in the Bill or to add additional limits to the use of the powers, it is right that we consult on the detail before making regulations and have the necessary powers to protect children and vulnerable people from the harms of second-hand smoking.
I am grateful to the co-chairs of the all-party parliamentary group on smoking and health, my hon.
Friend  the Member for City of Durham (Mary Kelly Foy)  and  the hon.
Member for Harrow East (Bob Blackman) , for their long-standing support for the Bill.
Through their amendments, they highlight the importance of retaining a focus on support for current smokers.