I set out two rules at the Budget.
The first was our stability rule, which ensures that public spending is under control, balancing the current budget by 2029-30 so that day-to-day spending is met by tax receipts.
The second was our investment rule to drive growth in the economy, ensuring that net financial debt falls by the end of the forecast period, while enabling us to invest alongside business.
Turning first to the stability rule, the OBR’s forecast shows that before the steps that I will take in this statement, the current budget would have been in deficit by £4.1 billion in 2029-30, having been projected to be in surplus by £9.9 billion in the autumn, as the UK, alongside our international peers like France and Germany, has seen the cost of borrowing rise during this period of heightened uncertainty in global markets.
As a result of the steps that I am taking today, I can confirm that I have restored in full our headroom against the stability rule, moving from a deficit of £36.1 billion in 2025-26 and £13.4 billion in 2026-27 to a surplus of £6 billion in 2027-28, £7.1 billion in 2028-29 and £9.9 billion in 2029-30.
That compares with the headroom left by the previous Government of just £6.5 billion.
That means that we are continuing to meet the stability rule two years early, building resilience to shocks in this, a more uncertain world.
The OBR forecast that the investment rule would also be met two years early, with net financial debt of 82.9% of GDP in ’25-26 and 83.5% in ’26-27, before falling to 83.4% in ’27-28, to 83.2% in 2028-29 and then to 82.7% in 2029-30, providing headroom of £15.1 billion in the final year of the forecast, broadly unchanged from the autumn forecast.
After the last Government doubled the national debt—[Interruption.]
After they doubled the national debt, debt interest payments now stand at £105.2 billion this year.
That is more than we allocate to defence, the Home Office and the Ministry of Justice combined.
That is the legacy of the Conservative party.
The responsible choice is to reduce our levels of debt and borrowing in the years ahead, so that we can spend more on the priorities of working people, and that is exactly what this Government will do.
I said that our fiscal rules were non-negotiable and I meant it.
I will always deliver economic stability and I will always put working people first.
I said it at the election; I said it at the Budget; and I say it again today.
Let me now set out the steps that the Government have taken.
At the Budget we protected working people by keeping our promise not to raise their rates of national insurance, income tax or VAT.
At the same time, we began to rebuild our public services after the Conservatives left a £22 billion black hole in our public finances.
Ours were the right choices: the right choices for stability and the right choices for renewal, funded by the decisions that we took on tax.
As I promised in the autumn, this statement does not contain any further tax increases, but when working people are paying their taxes while still struggling with the cost of living, it cannot be right that others are still evading what they rightly owe in tax.
In the Budget, I delivered the most ambitious package of measures  we have ever seen to cut down on tax evasion, raising  £6.5 billion per year by the end of the forecast.
Today I go further, continuing our investment in cutting-edge technology, investing in HMRC’s capacity to crack down on tax avoidance, and setting out plans to increase the number of tax fraudsters charged every year by 20%.
These changes raise a further £1 billion, taking the total revenue raised from reducing tax evasion, under this Labour Government, to £7.5 billion.