The British drama “Adolescence” has shone a much-needed spotlight on the enormous damage being done by social media to the minds of many of our young people, especially teenage boys.
We have argued that social media giants should be much more toughly regulated and pay more tax, so that we can defend our young people from this harm.
We have had disturbing reports that the Government are considering scrapping the digital services tax and watering down Britain’s online safety legislation to appease President Trump and his co-president, Elon Musk.
Will the Prime Minister categorically rule out both those things, and make it clear that he will guarantee that British laws on tax and social media will be written in this House, and not the White House?
Yes of course, as the right hon.
Gentleman well knows.
Online safety is important, and important new measures are coming in the next few months under the Act.
We need to see whether we can go further on this issue, because there are concerns about whether the measures go far enough.
But will the laws be made in this place?
Of course they will.
I am grateful for the Prime Minister’s reply on the social media laws, but he did not answer the point on the digital services tax.
We will come back to that.
Moving on, after President Trump’s national security adviser accidentally added a journalist to a group chat that was discussing military action in Yemen, and given all the concerns that we share about President Trump’s relationship with Vladimir Putin and JD Vance’s insulting disdain for Britain and our armed forces, will the Prime Minister order an urgent review into the security of the intelligence that we share with the United States?
We work with the United States on a daily basis.
I think that the right hon.
Gentleman would like to think of himself as reasonable and, when he is not jumping in Windermere, quite serious, but unpicking our relations with the US on defence and security is neither responsible nor serious.
Medina from Lyminge in my constituency is registered blind.
She recently told me how she had been failed by the broken social security system left behind by the Conservatives.
She faced great difficulties getting support from Access to Work, which is essential across my constituency, and was not helped to find paid employment.
It is so important that disabled people who want to work are supported to do so.
What is the Prime Minister’s message to Medina and others like her, who have been abandoned and shut out of employment for far too long?
Every person should have the right to work, and we will always protect the most severely disabled and those with lifelong health conditions.
We need to support Medina and the 200,000 others like her who can and want to work.
That is why we are  investing £1 billion in personalised and tailored employment programmes and introducing the right to try work guarantee.
The Conservative party presided over a failed system that did not help them and then blamed them.
We will never do that.
Those who know me well know that I do not talk of this often, but for half of my adult life I was physically disabled.
When I first walked through the doors of this Chamber, I did so with a crutch on my right arm to support my body weight.
I know how it feels.
Right now in Scotland, some 55% of children living in poverty have a disabled person in their household.
Can the Prime Minister explain to me—actually, no, can he explain to those children how the Labour party making mum and dad poorer will lift them out of poverty?
I am grateful to the right hon.
Member for sharing his personal experience of this; he is right to do so.
My family has lived with disability for many years as well, so I understand the human element.