May I also praise him for the interview he gave at the weekend on this subject, which was very touching indeed?
I assure him that the experiences being tackled by the charity he mentioned and the ones he raised in his interview are being tackled by this Government.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
I applaud the Government’s commitment to halving violence against women and girls over a decade, even as the vectors for that violence evolve.
The Science, Innovation and Technology Committee inquiry into harmful social media algorithms has heard how they can drive the adoption of misogynist and extremist views among young men and boys, as powerfully illustrated in the series “Adolescence”.
Does the Online Safety Act 2023 give Ofcom the powers to address these harms before they reach the threshold of illegality, and if so, how?
I thank my hon.
Friend in particular for the work she is doing on behalf of her Select Committee.
I am also grateful for the national debate that has been sparked by the programme “Adolescence”.
It is incredibly important that we act in these areas.
The powers that came in last week to take down illegal content, but also the powers that are coming in later this year in June, will mean that all those publishing content must make sure it is age-appropriate.
That will be a step forward.
I am watching the impact of these new powers closely, and I will act accordingly if they are not strong enough.
Significant concerns were raised in the recent Westminster Hall debate on the implementation of the Online Safety Act 2023.
Will the Minister take urgent steps to better categorise online platforms, to better protect women and girls online?
I can assure the hon.
Member that, whatever the size of the organisation and whatever category that organisation or platform is in, the onus is on them.
The legal duty to remove illegal content and to act with the new powers that will be coming in later this year remains intact, and they must act.
I expect Ofcom to use those powers as assertively as necessary to make sure that people are protected in our country.
I call the shadow Minister.
Tragically, flaws in data and its processing are posing grave risks to women and girls.
The Sullivan report exposed serious failings in the collection and use of biological sex data, which is often being replaced with gender identity.
The report highlighted the risk that poses to the safe delivery of health services, policing and security.
The Health Secretary has already shown leadership on this issue, but to date the Secretary of State has remained silent.
When did he first have sight of the Sullivan report, and when does he intend to act on it?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to ask that question.
The Government are acting on it, and the Health Secretary has been acting on it.
I myself have contacted all Government Departments on the back of that important review to ensure that every Department is aware of it, of some of its contents, and of its relevance to different Departments, and I will be meeting the author in the coming days and weeks to ensure that she is satisfied with the action that the Government are taking.
If he will have discussions with Cabinet colleagues on providing additional support for research into motor neurone disease.
We work closely with the Department of Health and Social Care to support research into this terrible disease.
UK Research and Innovation invested £10 million in MND research in 2023-24, and it also plays a key role in funding the underpinning research that benefits medical research more generally.
Since 2022, the Medical Research Council and the National Institute for Health and Care Research have awarded £2.8 million to MND projects led by Scottish research organisations.
My hon.