Will he meet me and the Teesside defence and innovation cluster that I have established, which is helping to create that new defence capability for the UK?
This is a once-in-a-generation moment for the security of our country and our continent.
We have set out the fully funded increase in defence spending to 2.5% in 2027, the biggest sustained boost since the cold war, but that must benefit British jobs and British businesses.
That is why I will make sure that my hon.
Friend gets the meeting that he wants with the relevant Minister.
In October last year the Chancellor delivered a massive tax, borrow and spend Budget.
Now her plans have collapsed around her ears, with an emergency Budget to cut that spending, so has the time now come for the Prime Minister to state in public that he has full confidence in the Chancellor?
I have full confidence in the Chancellor—thank you.
Albion Rovers has been a football institution in Coatbridge since 1882.
However, following relegation and the lack of financial support for teams leaving professional leagues, it now faces a deeply perilous situation, and the very future of one of Scotland’s oldest football clubs is at risk.
Does my right hon.
and learned Friend agree that clubs such as Albion Rovers are integral to the fabric of our communities?
Will he join me in encouraging all parties to be solution-focused on this matter, and in encouraging football authorities to strengthen our clubs in the lower leagues to help protect their future?
My hon.
Friend is a superb local champion.
Regardless of which club any of us supports, we share a love of the game and they are at the heart of our communities.
Albion Rovers is exactly that—a huge point of local pride.
I would encourage all efforts to secure the future of the club.
We are joined in Parliament today by Katie Brett, whose 16-year-old sister Sasha was raped and stabbed to death; by Ayse Hussain, whose cousin Jan was killed by a sex offender who stored her body in a freezer; by Paula Hudgell, whose adopted son Tony lost his lower legs as a result of childhood cruelty; and by Becky and Glenn Youens, whose daughter Violet-Grace was killed by a hit-and-run driver who spent barely more time in prison than she was alive.
Supporting them are Jeremy and Susan Everard, who received justice for the murder of their daughter Sarah, but who know that too many others do not.
They have come together to say with one voice that it is time for us to start ensuring that sentences truly deliver justice for victims and their families.
Would the Prime Minister agree to meeting them to hear their stories at first hand?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for raising this issue.
The courage of these campaigners, after simply appalling cases, is astounding and I find it humbling.
I am pleased that the Minister for Victims my hon.
Friend  the Member for Pontypridd (Alex Davies-Jones)  will be meeting the group—today, I think—and I look forward to meeting them in future, because we must prioritise victims and make sure that sentences punish offenders and protect the public.
I thank him for raising that really important set of cases.
This Labour Government were elected to bring change to our country, to provide security for working people and to deliver a decade of national renewal.
That work began in July, and I am proud of what we have delivered in just nine months: restoring stability to our public finances, giving the Bank of England the foundation to cut interest rates three times since the general election, rebuilding our public services, with record investment in our NHS bringing waiting lists down for five months in a row, and increasing the national living wage to give 3 million people a pay rise from next week.