The Liberal Democrats support him in that endeavour, but we still do not have a date for those cross-party meetings, so will he give us one now?
Dates for meetings with the commission are now a matter for the independent commission.
West Cumbria, like many parts of the UK, is a dental desert.
In some communities, urgent dental access centres have proved to be a real success at building up dental services, so will the Minister support my campaign to introduce an urgent dental access centre in west Cumbria?
The Government have launched a scheme to provide 700,000 urgent dental appointments.
There are 57,500 allocated to my hon.
Friend’s integrated care board.
He will know that ICBs are responsible for commissioning primary care services based on the needs of the population, but I know that he is a strong campaigner for his constituents.
I understand that his dialogue with his ICB on this matter has been positive and constructive, and I am sure that he will continue to fly the flag.
The chief executive of the Royal College of Midwives has said that the axing of the maternity safety ringfenced pot would be a “wrecking ball” to the efforts being made to improve maternity safety.
Just a single or a small group of babies being spared lifelong disability would pay for the cost of that ringfenced pot many times over.
I know that the Secretary of State cares about this matter deeply, so will he reconsider?
The funding is still there, but as many people have urged me, including the right hon.
Gentleman, we are taking the decision to give more freedom and flexibility to independent care boards, systems and providers to determine how they can best spend NHS resources on services to improve patient care, safety and outcomes.
Everyone will know that maternity safety is understandably a priority for this Government.
We expect the NHS to deliver on maternity safety standards and will hold it to account on that.
Residents in Theale and across my constituency tell me time and again how hard it is to get a GP appointment, which causes distress and sometimes dangerous delays.
Will the Secretary of State outline how his programme of reform and investment will end the 8 am scramble for good and deliver more GP appointments for my constituents?
My hon.
Friend will know that we have hired 1,500 more GPs, which will help with access.
We have also renegotiated the contract, so there will be online booking systems in every practice in the country, and we have changed the contract to incentivise continuity of care in order to bring back the family doctor.
There is a suite of reforms coupled with investment, which I hope will deliver for my hon.
Friend’s constituents.
One of the great frustrations for medical professionals and patients alike is when patients have appointments but do not turn up.
What action will the Secretary of State take to ensure that the system penalises people who miss appointments, so that patients can get the treatment they need when they need it?
We are absolutely convinced that better use of digital tools will enable us to reduce the number of missed appointments significantly and factor in the likelihood of no-shows, so that we can reduce waste and eliminate inefficiency.
I understand the case for penalties that the hon.
Gentleman is making, but that is not a route we want to go down until we have made those improvements and judged how effective they have been.
Far too many promises made by the last Government—promises that care would be moved out of hospitals and into the community—turned out to be hollow.
From speaking to residents in Dartford, I know that hospital and community services have struggled to keep pace with new housing developments in the constituency.