My hon.
Friend is right about the need for investment.
That is why we are investing £26 billion in the NHS and social care, and why it is so disappointing that the Opposition parties voted against it.
On a recent visit to the breast unit of the Royal United hospital in Bath, specialists told me about a red flag system that could help to speed up care.
If someone has a red flag symptom, such as a lump or a bleeding nipple, the triage team can book them straight into the breast clinic, rather than waiting to see a GP.
Does the Secretary of State support such an approach?
I thank the hon.
Member for her extremely constructive contribution.
That is exactly why at the heart of our plans for reform and modernisation, we are placing such an emphasis on digital and technological transformation.
We have such rich data about the experiences of our patients, but we are not using it effectively enough.
If we use the information more effectively and efficiently, we can spot and identify risk much more proactively, and ensure that people get timely access to urgent care and treatment when they need it.
I am grateful to the Secretary of State for the work that he and his team have done to reduce NHS waiting times month on month for the last six months.
However, the backlog that grew under the last Conservative Government is still impacting on my constituents.
I have listened to  countless constituents who have told me about the upsetting impact of long waiting times for an ADHD diagnosis for children.
That is having a detrimental knock-on impact on access to support, including child and adolescent mental health services and shared care agreements, and there is a lack of support for adopted children.
I welcome the news that waiting lists have gone down, but will the Secretary of State set out how his work will be targeted at bringing down waiting lists for ADHD diagnoses in my constituency, to ensure consistency in diagnosis rates across trusts?
I am so grateful to my hon.
Friend for her question, and I pay tribute to my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Education, who is leading cross-Government work in that area.
We have a taskforce that is specifically looking at the issues that my hon.
Friend raises, and together we are looking to ensure that our education and health services are better joined up to meet the needs of young people.
I am working with my hon.
Friend  the Member for Whitehaven and Workington (Josh MacAlister)  and drawing on his experience to look at how we can improve the health and care of care-experienced young people and young adults.
I hope we will have lots of progress to report on those issues.
One way to reduce the backlogs is to reduce or put an end to health tourism in this country, whereby people come to this country, get their treatment, and then nip back to where they come from.
Does the Secretary of State think it is a good idea that people entering this country should provide evidence of health insurance or be refused entry?
When any of us travel abroad, we expect to take out travel insurance and pay for our healthcare needs overseas, and that is the standard that we expect for visitors to our country.
We have lots more to do to improve on that front.
I deplore the comments made by the hon.
Gentleman’s party leader, who said that he does not support a taxpayer-funded NHS for the British people.
He might want that debate, and the Leader of the so-called Opposition says that she wants that debate, but as far as Labour is concerned, we are clear about where we stand.
Under Labour, the NHS will always be a national health service, publicly funded and free at the point of use.