I call the shadow Minister.
Taking medicines on time is important, especially for those with conditions such as diabetes and epilepsy.
Dr Acheson, an A&E consultant who has time-critical  medicines for his own Parkinson’s disease, understands that well.
He has been running a quality improvement programme to ensure that time-critical medicines are given on time in A&E. Will the Secretary of State lend that project his support and commit to reviewing how time-critical medicines are delivered on wards?
I thank the shadow Minister for her constructive question.
I would be delighted to hear more about that initiative.
She is absolutely right about timely access to medicines, and through a combination of service reform and the modernisation of technology, we can assist clinicians and patients to help them to manage their medication and ensure that people get timely access to medicines.
I thank the Secretary of State for that answer, and I would be delighted to meet him to discuss it further.
Unfortunately, when Labour negotiates, Britain loses.
The Government capitulated to union demands with nothing in return.
It is therefore of no surprise to anyone that within months, they are back in dispute with resident doctors and the British Medical Association has announced a ballot for strike action.
What will the Secretary of State do to protect patients and taxpayers?
I will tell the hon.
Lady what we are not going to do: we are not going to see £1.7 billion wasted on strikes by resident doctors or 1.5 million cancelled operations and appointments, which is exactly what happened on the Conservatives’ watch.
Within three weeks, we ended the strike by resident doctors and we have cut waiting lists by 200,000 as a result.
As I have said to resident doctors, their pay offer will be fair and neither staff nor patients want to go back to the bad old days of strikes under the Tories.
They had an unwilling and incalcitrant Government under the Conservatives, who were unwilling to work with resident doctors, but we want to work with them to deliver better care for patients.
I pay tribute to my 17-year-old constituent, Arlo Lambie, who tragically died on 13 April following the diagnosis of a grade 4 brain tumour.
I knew Arlo—he was a fun and bright lad who will be sadly missed.
While Arlo’s parents, Ellie and Alex, wish to put on record their thanks for the “incredible and compassionate care” Arlo received at St Mary’s hospital on the Isle of Wight, they want to know what steps the Secretary of State is taking to improve NHS access to breakthrough treatments to ensure that the commercial interests of pharmaceutical companies do not take precedence, so that children with brain cancer, like Arlo, are given the best possible chance to survive for longer.
I add my heartfelt condolences to Arlo’s family.
In September, we launched a new series of funding opportunities designed to improve brain cancer research for both adults and children.
We are committed to furthering our investment and support for high-quality brain tumour research, ensuring that funding is used in the most meaningful and impactful way.
Hon.
Members will note that there is a debate on  Thursday on brain tumours, and I will be attending the all-party parliamentary group on brain tumours next week.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
In his statement to the House just after Christmas, the Secretary of State acknowledged that cross-party consensus is essential to delivering meaningful social care reform.
The Liberal Democrats support him in that endeavour, but we still do not have a date for those cross-party meetings, so will he give us one now?
Dates for meetings with the commission are now a matter for the independent commission.
West Cumbria, like many parts of the UK, is a dental desert.