What message will that send to mothers across the country?
Does the Secretary of State plan to implement any of the recommendations from the birth trauma inquiry report, many of which were committed to by the previous Government?
The hon.
Gentleman is not correct: maternity funding is not ringfenced at the same level—I think that is what he is referring to.
It has, however, absolutely been committed to as far as ICB allocations are concerned.
Local leaders will decide how best to allocate that money.
We will continue to work with Donna Ockenden and the families who have been affected  by previous incidents and ensure that the recommendations of her report and the maternity review are fully implemented.
As colleagues will be aware, there is a consistent failure in maternity units to listen to women and put their experiences—and quite often their pain during childbirth—at the heart of driving improvements.
What assurances can the Minister give us that women’s experiences and voices will be at the heart of any maternity improvement strategy that the Government focus on?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to highlight that point, which has been found in all the reviews that have been undertaken.
It is completely unacceptable.
That is why the Secretary of State has continued to meet families and hear their experiences to ensure that we learn from them, continue to support the implementation of those recommendations and, crucially, ensure that women’s voices are taken forward as part of our 10-year plan.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
I fear that many will have found the Minister’s answer to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Windsor (Jack Rankin)  disappointing.
He highlighted that the previous Government committed to the headline recommendation of the cross-party birth trauma inquiry led by  the hon.
Member for Canterbury (Rosie Duffield)  and the former Member for Stafford, Theo Clarke, who has recently written about her experiences in a book, and in the Daily Mail called for a national maternity improvement strategy.
No equivalent commitment has been made by this Government.
Let us try again: will the Minister commit without any equivocation to implementing the inquiry’s recommendation to produce a national maternity improvement strategy?
To be clear for the shadow Secretary of State, the Secretary of State is continuing to look at all those recommendations and consider how best to respond.
We now come to the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Too many families in Shropshire have suffered the agonising loss of a baby following the scandal at Shrewsbury and Telford hospital NHS trust.
The Care Quality Commission rates 65% of trusts as inadequate or requiring improvement for maternity safety, and the taxpayer forked out a staggering £1.15 billion in compensation for maternity failings last year.
With the £100 million put aside to deal with unsafe staffing no longer ringfenced, can the Minister reassure us that those safe staffing levels will remain on our maternity wards?
I know the Liberal Democrat spokesperson follows this issue very closely in her own local community.
As she knows, we are committed to ensuring that the recommendations of the reviews are fully implemented as part of that three-year plan, but I gently say to her that the Liberal Democrat party has consistently opposed the extra £26 billion that this Government raised to  support the wider health service.
Without that extra funding and the decisions that the Chancellor has made, we would not be able to make the progress that we are now starting to see.
What steps he is taking to shift care from hospitals into the community.
What steps he is taking to shift care from hospitals into the community.
Despite my best efforts, may I welcome  the hon.
Member for Runcorn and Helsby (Sarah Pochin)  to her place?
Being a Member of Parliament is a privilege, and I know how special it is to sit on these Benches having been sent here by constituents.