What steps are the Government taking to make sure that individuals can exercise their right to choose?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for improving support for ADHD and recognise the valuable perspective that she brings through her lived experience.
This Government inherited a broken NHS, with too many people facing long waits for an assessment.
NHS England’s ADHD taskforce is looking at how support for people with ADHD can be improved.
I look forward to reading its report, and I recently had a very productive meeting with the director of that taskforce.
The Government have committed to providing 700,000 extra emergency dental appointments, but in the midlands the units of dental activity rate is just 83% and there is no additional funding for the integrated care boards.
Will the Minister therefore give assurance to my constituents that he will fully deliver on that promise?
I give the hon.
Member that assurance.
We have been clear that every ICB has a target, and that was transparently published, and we will be monitoring it.
I am holding regular meetings with officials to check  that every single ICB is on track to hit those targets.
If ICBs are not on track to hit those targets, we will want to know why.
Earlier this year, I met the Cockermouth and Maryport primary care network, which told me about the increasing challenge of supporting my constituents with their mental health.
Has the Secretary of State considered relaxing the additional roles reimbursement scheme funding rules to allow mental health nurses to be employed wholly by a PCN, and not need to be under the employment of a local mental health trust?
That flexibility could help GP practices to intervene earlier and reduce referrals to secondary care quickly.
We have, in fact, relaxed the rules on ARRS so that a mental health worker can be employed by the PCN.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that that is an important part of stepping from hospital to community, but there is more we can do on that.
We continue to do whatever we can to ensure that mental health and GP surgeries are actively integrating.
Getting It Right First Time is a clinician-led programme that leads on improvement and transformation.
Can the Secretary State give reassurance that in any restructuring of NHS England, that programme will not just be continued, but expanded and still available to the devolved Administrations?
I am absolutely willing to give the hon.
Member that commitment, and I know he worked on this programme in his previous role in Northern Ireland.
It is delivering results, and we want to see results.
We want to take the best to the rest of the NHS, and we absolutely want to work together across the United Kingdom to make sure that all our residents benefit from the programme.
Lung cancer causes more deaths in Scotland than anywhere else in the UK.
In England, early detection programmes are under way, and by 2028 every patient is likely to gain access to screening.
In Scotland, doctors tell me that that programme is a distant dream.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that the SNP is failing Scottish patients and Scottish healthcare professionals?
This UK Government are getting on with the task of fighting this deadly cancer.
I agree with my hon.
Friend.
We are making great strides in developing our cancer plans.
We will be launching a national cancer plan later this year, and the targeted lung cancer screening programme has been particularly effective.
The SNP has had a record settlement for Holyrood, and we expect the Scottish Government to deliver.
If they cannot, I am sure that Anas Sarwar and Jackie Baillie would be willing to take over.
Yesterday’s report from the Health and Social Care Committee is explicit that we cannot build an NHS fit for the future without effectively reforming social care.