Gentleman is making, but that is not a route we want to go down until we have made those improvements and judged how effective they have been.
Far too many promises made by the last Government—promises that care would be moved out of hospitals and into the community—turned out to be hollow.
From speaking to residents in Dartford, I know that hospital and community services have struggled to keep pace with new housing developments in the constituency.
I am pleased to say that later this year in Dartford we will be seeing an expansion of our state-of-the-art community diagnostic centre, taking care closer to where people live.
Does the Secretary of State agree that this is the start of Labour getting on with finally delivering that big shift, and will he visit Dartford with me—
Order.
I think Ministers have got the message.
If they have not by this stage, I would be surprised.
Who is answering?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that this is exactly the sort of thing that is being rolled out across the country, and that we are committed to delivering care closer to where his residents live.
Residents in Mid Bedfordshire are concerned about the standards of maintenance at our two local hospitals.
What action are the Government taking to support our hospitals in Luton and Bedford to catch up on maintenance backlogs?
Thanks to the investment that the Chancellor committed to, we are investing in the NHS estate, which is in a sorry state.
I am afraid that that is an investment that the hon.
Gentleman did not vote for, and his constituents will be fuming when they find out who was responsible.
I recently heard from Chelsea, a constituent of mine, who raised concerns about her grandmother Anna’s care.
After a delayed discharge, she was released with  the wrong equipment, which sadly resulted in her falling out of bed and sustaining a further injury.
Ensuring that patients are discharged in a safe and timely manner is key to continuing the Department’s significant progress in cutting waiting lists for treatment, so what steps is the Secretary of State taking to promote integrated working between services to support discharge into the community for patients?
I am extremely sorry to hear about that particular case.
It is really important that we support and facilitate better discharge, which is why we are reforming the better care fund and looking to better integrate health and social care services through our 10-year plan.
I would be delighted to hear further from my hon.
Friend about what we can do to improve in his area.
I have a constituent who has broken and rotting teeth.
His GP referred him to the local dental hospital, but he has been refused treatment because the hospital said that the surgeon would take a referral only from a dentist, which my constituent and many others in Somerset just do not have.
What does the Minister suggest my constituent should do to stop the pain?
As the hon.
Lady knows, we now have a commitment to providing 700,000 more urgent dental appointments.
Those who do not have an NHS dentist can call 111 and will be prioritised.
We are very clear that every integrated care board has a target within those 700,000 appointments, and if they are not hitting that target, we will want to know why.
As someone with ADHD, it is disappointing to hear from many of my constituents about difficulties in accessing diagnosis, medication and other therapeutic inputs for ADHD, and the impact on their lives and livelihoods as a result.
Whether for children or adults, waits of two, five or seven years are becoming the norm.
What steps are the Government taking to make sure that individuals can exercise their right to choose?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for improving support for ADHD and recognise the valuable perspective that she brings through her lived experience.