What discussions he has had with Staffordshire and Stoke-on-Trent integrated care board on patient waiting times.
Driving down waiting times is one of this Government’s top priorities, and my colleagues at NHS England continue to keep in regular contact with ICBs on improving waiting times and delivering the ambitions set out in our elective reform plan.
Since July, we have cut waiting lists by more than 219,000 across England, and by 6,000 for University Hospitals of North Midlands, and have delivered 3 million more appointments.
I thank the Minister for her answer, and recognise the Herculean effort the Department is making to reduce waiting times, particularly in Stoke-on-Trent, but one cancer patient who is having treatment at the Royal Stoke hospital in my constituency has shared her story with me.
From the initial operation, it took six weeks for her to be told that she may have cancerous cells in her lymph node.
There was a delay in getting the CT scan, and after the scan, she was told that it would be 10 weeks before she could meet an oncologist to discuss the results.
Will the Minister say a bit more about how the Department, while reducing waiting times to access services, will make sure that treatment is given in a timely fashion once someone has a treatment plan?
I am sorry for the experience that my hon.
Friend’s constituent has had, and he highlights a really important aspect of the patient journey through the system.
I want him and the House to be assured that we are looking at the entire patient journey, both into hospital and between hospitals.
We are determined to improve patient experience and quality of care, and to get back the patient satisfaction that was squandered by the last Government.
What steps he is taking to tackle hospital backlogs.
Reducing hospital backlogs is a key priority in this Government’s plan for change, as the 18-week standard for elective care has not been met for almost a decade.
Our elective reform plan sets out how we will return to that standard by the end of this Parliament, through a combination of investment and reform.
Since July, the waiting list has reduced by over 219,000 and we have delivered an extra 3 million appointments, exceeding our manifesto pledge and doing it earlier than planned.
I am grateful to the Secretary of State for his answer and for the progress made, but there is still more to do.
My constituent in Newcastle-under-Lyme has recently been recovering from brain surgery at the Royal Stoke university hospital.
However, she has faced multiple setbacks due to failures in the duty of care, including scalding injuries and a severely mishandled admission process.
She is now receiving the correct care, but she had to wait many months to be admitted to the correct ward, and has been given limited time for rehabilitative treatment.
Does the Secretary of State agree that to tackle backlogs, our hospitals must have the resources they need to provide the right care the first time round, so that patients are given the time and support to fully and effectively recover?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his question, and horrified to hear about his constituent’s experience.
This Government will never brush problems under the carpet or pretend that things are better than they are, and I know that for all the progress we have made in the past 10 months, there is still so much more to do.
When we publish our 10-year plan for health, we must ensure that quality and safety are at the heart of every patient interaction.
My hon.
Friend is right about the need for investment.
That is why we are investing £26 billion in the NHS and social care, and why it is so disappointing that the Opposition parties voted against it.