I call the shadow Secretary of State.
The Health Service Journal reports that officials have acknowledged that the first draft of a high-level plan for merging NHS England and DHSC has been delayed.
When we ask any written question about the merger, the standard answer seems to be:
“Ministers and senior Department officials will work with the new transformation team at the top of NHS England, led by Sir Jim Mackey, to determine the structure and requirements needed to support the creation of a new centre for health and care.”
Even when we ask a question specifically about the size of the transformation team, the answer is virtually identical.
The Government either wilfully decide not to answer, or simply do not know.
As with so many things, the Government go for the headline-grabbing announcement and talk the talk on reform, without having done the actual work to deliver it.
My question to the Secretary of State is simple: when will that first high-level plan for the merger, with a full assessment of costs and savings, be published?
Honestly, the right hon.
Member had his chance—he was the Minister who took forward the last reform Act, under the Conservative Government.
He failed in that task, and now he turns up without a shred of remorse or a shred of humility, attacking this Government for cleaning up the mess that the Conservatives left behind.
They are not a party of government—they are not even a party of opposition any more.
They are a total irrelevance.
What steps his Department is taking to implement neighbourhood health centres.
We are committed to fixing the front door of the NHS, including by delivering the primary care infrastructure required to enable a neighbourhood health service.
We have already taken steps to improve primary care infrastructure, including by providing £100 million of capital funding to upgrade GP buildings.
We will set out how we will move to a neighbourhood health service in our upcoming 10-year plan, following the spending review.
I thank the Minister for her answer.
Workington suffers from some really poor health outcomes and has an incredibly fragmented health system.
I have worked with local leaders in my constituency to pull together a plan for a new neighbourhood health centre called the Workington health zone, based around multidisciplinary teams, clear goals, less bureaucracy and much greater access for patients.
Does the Minister agree that this is exactly the kind of reform that we need to enable through the forthcoming 10-year plan?
I do agree, and I would be delighted to work with my hon.
Friend on the Government’s commitment to delivering a neighbourhood health service that reinforces integrated working for the NHS, local government, social care and wider partners as the norm.
Knutsford desperately needs a modern medical centre.
The local GPs and the community are united in feeling that current provision is no longer fit for purpose.
With the population growing, it cannot meet everybody’s needs.
In the light of the Government’s announcement of £102 million to modernise GP surgeries, so that it is easier for them to see more patients, will the Minister meet me to discuss a new modern medical centre for Knutsford?
I thank the right hon.
Member for recognising the significant investment announced today in GP services and buildings, and I would be delighted to ensure that the relevant Minister meets her.
What discussions he has had with Staffordshire and Stoke-on-Trent integrated care board on patient waiting times.
Driving down waiting times is one of this Government’s top priorities, and my colleagues at NHS England continue to keep in regular contact with ICBs on improving waiting times and delivering the ambitions set out in our elective reform plan.
Since July, we have cut waiting lists by more than 219,000 across England, and by 6,000 for University Hospitals of North Midlands, and have delivered 3 million more appointments.