Right hon.
and hon.
Members will understand that these are complex investigations.
The police and the security services need time and space to be able to pursue their investigations, and our first priority must be to protect the integrity of that work so that we do not cut across those investigations and operations at a crucial time.
However, these are serious matters, and the House will rightly want to remain informed.
I will therefore outline as much detail as I am able, and I hope that right hon.
and hon.
Members will understand that there is a strict limit to what I can say at this stage, given that investigations are now ongoing.
I will first outline the facts around the events on  Saturday 3 May .
Throughout the day, counter-terrorism police undertook a series of arrests relating to two separate investigations.
In total, eight men were arrested by the Metropolitan police’s Counter Terrorism Command.
Five men were arrested on suspicion of preparation of a terrorist act, contrary to section 5 of the Terrorism Act 2006, as part of a proactive investigation in the areas of west London, Swindon, Rochdale, Stockport and Manchester.
All five men are Iranian nationals.
While four of the individuals remain in police custody, the fifth has now been bailed with strict conditions.
As part of the investigation, police officers carried out searches at a number of addresses in the Greater Manchester, London and Swindon areas.
Investigations continue, with searches and activity still under way at multiple addresses across the country.
The investigation relates to a suspected plot to target specific premises.
Police officers have been in contact with the affected site’s representatives to make them aware and provide relevant security advice and support.
However, the police have also been clear that for reasons of operational security and public safety, they are not—and I am not—able to provide further information on the target at this time, and I urge Members not to speculate about the site.
In a separate police investigation, two men were arrested at two different addresses in north-west London, and one man was arrested at an address in west London.
All three were arrested under the National Security Act 2023.
These three men are also Iranian nationals, and  remain in police custody.
I can confirm to the House that these are the first Iranian nationals arrested under the National Security Act.
The operations to execute these eight arrests under both counter-terror and counter-state threat powers—in different parts of the country, and in the space of 24 hours—were intensive.
They involved a range of different organisations, including different police forces, counter-terror police, the National Crime Agency, and our security and intelligence services.
These operations were co-ordinated through the world-leading Counter Terrorism Operations Centre, which brings together and co-ordinates the UK’s agencies, alongside the agencies of our Five Eyes partners, to detect and tackle national security threats.
I welcome the work of the previous Government to establish CTOC in 2021, and this Government have continued to support it and invest in it since taking office.
The significant point about both counter-terrorism and counter-state threats powers is that they allow the police to intervene early to prevent and disrupt threats, not just respond after events have taken place.
This is crucial for public safety, but it also makes the investigations more complex, and that is why the police need the time and space to pursue them now, so we will not be providing a running commentary on the work that they are doing.
However, what now follows is an incredibly complex set of investigations, involving hundreds more officers carrying out forensic searches, collecting vital evidence across different sites across the country and securing witness statements, backed up by the continued efforts of our security and intelligence agencies.
This is careful, painstaking work.