I am also grateful for the opportunity that the shadow Minister has afforded me to offer our thanks for the work that was done by the previous Government, both in introducing the National Security Act 2023, which has proved to be an incredibly valuable tool, and in creating CTOC, which is delivering very significant operational value.
I can absolutely give an assurance that this Government, like the previous one, will continue to invest in that institution.
The shadow Minister made an important point about transparency, and I can give him the reassurances that he seeks.
He and the House will understand that we are just a couple of days on from those arrests that took place on Saturday.
The Home Secretary will provide a further update as soon as we are operationally able to do so.
I give the shadow Minister a commitment that we will be as transparent as possible while of course ensuring that we do not cut across live counter-terrorism operations.
The shadow Minister mentioned proscription, and I understand why.
I know that he will acknowledge—or at least I hope that he will—that on  4 March  I announced a very strong suite of measures designed to most effectively address the nature of the threat that we face from Iran.
Contained within those measures was a request from the Home Secretary for Jonathan Hall, who I know is held in very high regard because of the experience and credibility that he has in this area, to look very carefully at the legislative framework that might enable us to more effectively proscribe state-based entities.
I can confirm that Mr Hall has completed his report and that the Home Secretary and I are considering it very carefully.
It will be published shortly.
I assure the shadow Minister that we will not hesitate to act if there is a requirement to bring forward further measures.
The Minister will be aware that a number of Iranian citizens in this country still have relatives in Iran, and it is not beyond the wit of the Iranian Government to use that pressure on them.
In requiring the citizens of Iran in this country to report to our Government if they are in any way  connected to the Iranian Government, has he taken measures to protect them from exposing their family to the pressure that the Iranian Government may put on them?
My hon.
Friend raises a very important point, and I can give him the assurances he seeks.
The Government have been very carefully considering the matter of transnational repression.
The Home Secretary and I will have more to say in the near future, but I can give him absolute assurance that we have been thinking carefully about these matters and take them incredibly seriously.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I thank the Minister for updating the House and for advance sight of his statement.
I also add my thanks to the security services and the police for all their work to keep us safe.
Over recent years Members have been called to this Chamber to discuss plots to commit acts of terror on Britain’s streets at the hands of the Iranian regime—but consecutive Governments are yet to proscribe the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps as a terrorist organisation.
In opposition, the now Foreign Secretary said:
“The IRGC is behaving like a terrorist organisation and must now be proscribed as such.”
Earlier this year I asked the Minister precisely this question: does he not agree that now is surely the time?
In his earlier remarks, he mentioned the review that has concluded.
If now is not the time for proscription, when should the House expect a further update?
The Liberal Democrats have welcomed previous sanctions against those linked to the Iranian regime.
However, I urge the Government to go a step further and look closely at whether those individuals and others with links to the regime have assets here in the UK.