Although the independent sector clearly has an important role to play in tackling waiting lists and backlogs, we will not tolerate any overpriced or sub-par care, and we will not tolerate any distortion of patient choice.
The recently published partnership agreement between NHS England and the Independent Healthcare Provider Network commits to ending incentives that can lead to that, and to supporting equal access and genuine choice for all patients.
We are working together to deliver on that.
NHS Sussex ICB is one of only five in England not to commission a minor eye conditions service—known as MECS—in community optometry settings.
That means that patients in Chichester with urgent or minor eye issues have to either join the 8 am queue for a GP appointment or go to their hospital rather than being seen quickly on the high street.
Given that 99.9% of MECS patients elsewhere in England are seen within 24 hours, will the Minister set out what action he is taking to ensure that those services are commissioned consistently across all ICBs within the 10-year health plan?
ICBs are responsible for the commissioning of these services, which are clearly extremely important, and the early intervention side of eye care is particularly important.
I would be more than happy to look into that issue with the hon.
Lady’s ICB if she wrote to me and made further representations.
Whether he has had discussions with the Secretary of State for Housing, Communities and Local Government on the interaction between mayors and integrated care boards, in the context of the English devolution White Paper.
Our mission-driven approach to this issue means that we are working with all Departments to deliver an NHS fit for the future.
We expect integrated care boards to work closely with their mayors to maximise public health and contribute to the Government’s health and growth missions.
Funding and delivery of a GP surgery for Wixams in my constituency continues to fall between the cracks of developers, local councils and the local ICB.
Does the Minister agree that to break those deadlocks and build the infrastructure that our communities require, new mayors should have the power to direct ICBs, making locally elected politicians responsible rather than unelected quangos?
The hon.
Member tempts me slightly on local accountability, on which he has been a strong campaigner.
As he knows from meeting me, I agree that it is important that such local bodies respond properly so that where there are expansions of housing, which we want to see, they are supported by local infrastructure.
I am happy to come back to him with any further detail.
Norfolk and Waveney integrated care board is consulting once again on closing Norwich’s walk-in centre.
It asked the same question two years ago and the city and Norfolk said, “No, we want to save our walk-in centre.”
Does the Minister agree on the importance of walk-in centres, and in the context of devolution, how will we ensure that ICBs heed what residents say?
My hon.
Friend is right to campaign on behalf of her constituents to make sure that more services are delivered in communities.
We want to see services brought out of hospital and into local communities.
It is up to the ICB to decide how those are commissioned,  but we will certainly make sure that, as part of our commitments under our 10-year plan, we see more of those sorts of services working together in neighbourhoods.
What plans he has to reform NHS health and social care services.
People deserve the very best health and care.
Our plan for change is already bringing waiting lists down.
Our 10-year plan for health will set out how we improve access and make the three shifts that I described earlier, so that the NHS is fit for the future.
At the same time, we are rebuilding adult social care now and for the future.