A perpetrator might evade justice, but it is part of the nature of the trauma response that, at a slight or unexpected prompting, a victim may be compelled to relive that crime again and again.
That is why the Victims’ Commissioner has called for an overarching review of the scheme to establish
“whether it actually fulfils its stated remit: to acknowledge the harm suffered by victims of violent crime who have no other access to compensation, and to provide redress as part of a just and compassionate response.”
That is what the Bill, which I beg leave to introduce, would achieve.
The legislation would set out a simple requirement for a fundamental review, and for Ministers to report back to the House with proposals for further scrutiny and debate.
I cannot stand here and claim that easy answers exist to all these questions.
Although I note that, to the best of my calculations, the cost of the scheme appears to be falling in real terms, we live in straitened financial times.
That is why it is better for reform of the scheme to be carried out in a deliberative manner, on the basis of accurate and recent evidence, and with the needs of victims as the primary concern.
To that end, I take heart from the Minister’s statement that the Government do not plan changes to the Scheme “at this time”.
She went on to say:
“The clear message to me is that we need change, and I will be considering how Government can best provide the support that victims need and deserve.”
I also take heart from the Prime Minister’s statement of personal support for the victims of violent crime when this matter was raised with him a fortnight ago by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Warrington North (Charlotte Nichols) .
This issue touches the lives of people in every one of our constituencies.
No amount of money can return someone to their mental or physical state prior to an assault, but a well-functioning, fair and compassionate scheme can bring victims some measure of justice.
Question put and agreed to.
Ordered,
That Laurence Turner, Charlotte Nichols, Michael Wheeler, Andy Slaughter, Warinder Juss, Antonia Bance, Chris Bloore, Catherine Atkinson, Kevin McKenna, Mark Sewards, Tim Roca and Alistair Strathern present the Bill.
Laurence Turner accordingly presented the Bill.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 13 June , and to be printed (Bill 231).
Second Reading opposed and deferred until  Tuesday 13 May  ( Standing Order No.
20 ).
The following Member took and subscribed the Oath required by law:
Sarah Joanne Pochin, for Runcorn and Helsby.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What assessment he has made of the potential merits of implementing a national maternity improvement strategy.
We expect all women to be shown the utmost care and respect when receiving maternity and neonatal care.
This year’s planning guidance requires integrated care boards and providers to deliver the key actions in this final year of NHS England’s three-year delivery plan.
It is clear from listening to the harrowing stories of bereaved and harmed families, however, that we must do more.
The Secretary of State is urgently considering the significant action needed to ensure that all women and babies receive the care they deserve.
Last year’s birth trauma inquiry report exposed that maternity services in this country are woefully underfunded, and now the Health Secretary intends to cut the budget for maternity improvement from £95 million to just £2 million, equating to less than £4 per child born in this country each year.
What kind of change is that?
What message will that send to mothers across the country?
Does the Secretary of State plan to implement any of the recommendations from the birth trauma inquiry report, many of which were committed to by the previous Government?
The hon.