Our plan for change is already bringing waiting lists down.
Our 10-year plan for health will set out how we improve access and make the three shifts that I described earlier, so that the NHS is fit for the future.
At the same time, we are rebuilding adult social care now and for the future.
Baroness Casey’s independent commission has launched, and it will set out through its work how we will create a national care service.
All that is made possible thanks to the investment decisions taken by the Chancellor in her Budget.
That investment was opposed by the Conservative party, which shows that only Labour can be trusted to invest in and modernise our NHS.
Last week, the Centre for Young Lives published a report on the state of mental health support for children and young people across England.
It outlines that despite an ongoing crisis in mental health among young people,
“There remains a 55% treatment gap”
between adult and children’s mental health, and that
“fewer than 10%...of ICBs have a dedicated strategy”
for supporting children’s mental health.
Will the Secretary of State consider strengthening statutory guidance for ICBs to ensure they assess the local need of children and young people, publish treatment gap data on an ongoing basis, and create joined-up, community-based mental health support for our young people?
Young people’s mental health is a priority for this Government.
That is why we set out in our manifesto our commitment to making sure that mental health support is available in every primary and secondary school in the country.
We have walk-in mental health services in every community, and we invest in the mental health workforce, so that we can cut waiting times.
I am also working closely with the Secretary of State for Education to make sure that our education and health services work together, so that children get the very best start in life, and so that we look after mind, body, soul, aspiration and futures.
The Chancellor increased the cost of employing people in social care by raising national insurance contributions for social care employers, and then exempted NHS employers from those increased costs.
When will this Government properly support social care and relieve the sector from pressures caused by the Chancellor under this Government?
Thanks to the decisions taken by this Chancellor, we are putting £26 billion more into health and social care.
Thanks to the decisions taken by this Chancellor, the spending power of local authorities has risen.
Thanks to the decisions taken by this Chancellor, we have delivered the biggest expansion of carer’s allowance since the 1970s.
Thanks to the decisions taken by this  Chancellor, we have significantly increased the disabled facilities grant, not just last year but this year.
That is the investment delivered by a Labour Government, and opposed by the Conservatives and Reform, and it shows that only Labour can be trusted with our NHS.
You will have another chance in a minute!
I call the shadow Minister.
This Government have been in power for 10 months.
Two months ago, Labour postponed the cross-party talks on social care.
When will they be rescheduled?
As I have announced to the House, Baroness Casey’s independent commission is up and running.
She is making contact with parties across the House as part of the work of her commission, and it is for her to decide the basis on which she engages with parties.
I look forward to working with parties at the conclusion of the process.
I thank the Secretary of State for that change, making the process no longer cross-party.
The Government have said that the changes will not be implemented fully until 2036.
Only this week, the Health and Social Care Committee released its new report on social care and the huge cost of inaction.