As we have said before, we must learn about the best of the NHS and take it to the rest of the NHS.
The 10-year plan will shift us to a model in which the NHS focuses on prevention, with more services delivered in local communities through new technologies.
A piece of technology that already exists that can prevent hydrocephalus is the humble tape measure.
The Secretary of State said that he would ask the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence to conduct a review of the frequency with which infants’ heads should be measured  to allow us to detect hydrocephalus early.
The charity Harry’s HAT—Hydrocephalus Awareness Trust—based in my constituency says that this review is not necessary, and that the evidence is already there.
Will the Minister meet me and the charity to discuss this further, so that more infants’ lives can be saved?
In fairness, the Secretary of State did meet them.
And he has just sold me on what a wonderful charity it is.
I would be more than happy to make sure that the relevant Minister meets the hon.
Member to discuss the matter.
What progress he has made on the abolition of NHS England.
As the Prime Minister and I announced, NHS England will be brought back into the Department to put an end to the duplication, waste and inefficiency resulting from two organisations doing the same job.
That is the final nail in the coffin of the disastrous 2012 reorganisation, which led to the longest waiting times, lowest patient satisfaction and most expensive NHS reorganisation in history.
Since the announcement, we have set up a joint board, assessed resources and responsibilities across existing organisations, developed proposals about the role, functions and structure of the new centre, and started detailed operational and legislative planning.
The Secretary of State claims to support change, yet delays to NHS reorganisation, including to the promised abolition of NHS England, suggest otherwise.
Is it not the truth, as he outlined in his Guardian article, that he is bogging the system down in a slow, top-heavy restructuring, while resorting to tax rises, instead of delivering the decentralised, locally delivered, value-for-money healthcare that our constituents deserve?
A lot of words and not a lot of sense.
We are reforming the NHS and, as a result of these changes, redirecting hundreds of millions of pounds to the frontline.
What was the Conservative party’s response to the abolition?
The shadow Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster,  the hon.
Member for Brentwood and Ongar (Alex Burghart) , said it could be a “great thing”, but it
“could be a total disaster”.
Will they let us know when they have made their mind up?
The Lansley reforms were implemented top down by the Conservatives.
The idea that the NHS could ever be truly independent, when it is there to serve us—the taxpayer and the general public!
Does the Secretary of State agree that it is absolutely the right decision to move funding away from the centre to the frontline to prioritise patients in the NHS’s work?
My hon.
Friend has huge experience in this area, and she is absolutely right.
What we saw under the Conservatives was bloated bureaucracy—layer upon layer of checkers, when we need more doers.
That is why frontline staff, patients and provider leaders all welcome the changes that we are making, so that we can invest more into our frontline.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
The Health Service Journal reports that officials have acknowledged that the first draft of a high-level plan for merging NHS England and DHSC has been delayed.
When we ask any written question about the merger, the standard answer seems to be:
“Ministers and senior Department officials will work with the new transformation team at the top of NHS England, led by Sir Jim Mackey, to determine the structure and requirements needed to support the creation of a new centre for health and care.”