Will the Minister agree to meet Dr Nelson and me to discuss this revolutionary proposal?
The hon.
Lady raises what sounds like an extremely interesting scheme.
She will know that we have a strong commitment in our 10-year plan to shift from hospital to community, and indeed from analogue to digital.
The digital aspects of that scheme sound very interesting, so I would be more than happy to take further representations from her.
What steps he is taking to improve eye healthcare through the 10-year health plan.
My hon.
Friend is an outstanding campaigner on this issue, as I am sure everybody across the House is aware.
She will know that the NHS England accelerator pilots have shown how improved IT connectivity and a single point of access can speed up eye care referrals and allow more patients to be managed in the community.
That is a great example of the shift we want to make from analogue to digital.
We are developing the 10-year  health plan with input from the public, our partners and health staff, and that of course includes the eye care sector.
I thank the Minister for his response, and I welcome all the work that he and the Secretary of State are doing in rebuilding our NHS.
However, we know that there is a capacity crisis within eye healthcare.
NHS ophthalmology continues to be the busiest and largest outpatient service.
That is essentially what is leading to many people not getting seen soon enough, which is resulting in many of them losing their sight unnecessarily.
What we need is a joined-up healthcare plan.
Will the Minister ensure that eye healthcare will be part of the Government’s wider 10-year health plan?
My hon.
Friend is right that early intervention is crucial, and the interface between the high street and secondary care is a vital part of that.
That means having a joined-up eye health strategy.
The 10-year plan will have that joined-up strategy at its heart.
She will be pleased to know that, since July, ophthalmology waiting lists have dropped by 24,000, so change has begun.
There is still a long way to go to dig us out of the mess left by the Conservative party, but it is thanks to the decisions that the Government have made, opposed by Opposition parties, that we are beginning to see that change gaining traction.
Another part of the 10-year health plan is the use of digital technology.
Auto-contouring with artificial intelligence reduces waiting times and frees up capacity for radiotherapists, which is why £15.5 million was allocated to it under the Conservative Government; money that has been cut under the Minister’s Government.
Why?
I think that the right hon.
Gentleman is referring to the single point of access digital technology, which is game changing in terms of improving the interface between high street and secondary care.
It is probably worth reminding him that the question is about eye care.
We are absolutely committed to single point of access technology, which we believe can be game-changing technology and is a vital part of our shift from analogue to digital.
The president of the Royal College of Ophthalmologists has stated that the widespread outsourcing of NHS cataract surgery to private, for-profit providers risks the integrity of hospital eye surgery departments meaning that there will be few services to treat patients with preventable blindness.
How can we reassure the public that such services will be maintained?
Although the independent sector clearly has an important role to play in tackling waiting lists and backlogs, we will not tolerate any overpriced or sub-par care, and we will not tolerate any distortion of patient choice.
The recently published partnership agreement between NHS England and the Independent Healthcare Provider Network commits to ending incentives that can lead to that, and to supporting equal access and genuine choice for all patients.
We are working together to deliver on that.