What is tragic about this situation is that the Conservatives had 14 years to fix the situation and left it in a terrible mess.
What steps he is taking to improve perinatal mental health provision.
I commend my hon.
Friend for her work on such an important topic; I know it is very personal to her.
Specialist perinatal and maternity mental health services are available across England, providing vital support to parents before, during and after pregnancy, including increased access to evidence-based psychological therapies.
We are training thousands more midwives to better support women throughout pregnancy, with mother and baby units and community services providing postnatal support.
Tomorrow is World Maternal Mental Health Day, recognising the particular challenges that some mums face from pregnancy to birth, and after birth.
I commend the Secretary of State and his team for their rapid work to get the NHS delivering better for patients again.
As they develop the 10-year plan for the NHS, what measures will be taken to ensure that all women facing perinatal mental health challenges can access the right psychological support, and that there is no postcode lottery?
I absolutely join my hon.
Friend in recognising the importance of supporting women’s health throughout pregnancy and into parenthood on Maternal Mental Health Day.
We are committed to improving the  support available, and it will form an important part of our 10-year plan.
We are investing £126 million in family hubs and Start for Life services, to support parents from pregnancy to their child’s early childhood, and we will continue to work with her on this.
I thank  the hon.
Member for Aylesbury (Laura Kyrke-Smith)  for her question and the Minister for her answer.
I am delighted to be forming the all-party parliamentary group for fatherhood.
Will the Minister outline the steps that she will take to improve perinatal mental health for fathers?
I congratulate the hon.
Member on taking forward that work.
The Minister responsible will be happy to continue to work with him in any way possible to support that work on this important aspect of parenthood.
What steps he is taking to use new technology to help improve preventive healthcare.
We are already using technology to improve preventive healthcare and to transform the NHS.
We have invested £11 million in artificial intelligence to trial breast cancer screening mammogram interpretation.
We are piloting the NHS health check online to tackle cardiovascular disease, and our NHS Better Health digital products, including the award-winning Couch to 5K app, were used by millions of people last year to tackle preventable conditions.
More will be included in the 10-year health plan.
Leeds is leading the way in health tech, with Leeds teaching hospitals, the city council, NHS Digital and firms like EMIS, headquartered in Rawdon in my constituency, driving real innovation.
How will the Secretary of State and his team ensure that Leeds is at the heart of the NHS 10-year plan, so that we can shift to prevention and spread the benefits to every corner of the UK?
I commend the work that my hon.
Friend refers to.
The new HealthTech innovation hub—a flagship project of the West Yorkshire investment zone—brings together West Yorkshire combined authority, organisations like the HealthTech Leeds partnership, academics, clinicians, policymakers and more than 250 health tech firms headquartered in the region.
They are already driving forward health innovation together.
As we have said before, we must learn about the best of the NHS and take it to the rest of the NHS.
The 10-year plan will shift us to a model in which the NHS focuses on prevention, with more services delivered in local communities through new technologies.
A piece of technology that already exists that can prevent hydrocephalus is the humble tape measure.