Gentleman’s party leader, who said that he does not support a taxpayer-funded NHS for the British people.
He might want that debate, and the Leader of the so-called Opposition says that she wants that debate, but as far as Labour is concerned, we are clear about where we stand.
Under Labour, the NHS will always be a national health service, publicly funded and free at the point of use.
What steps he is taking to reduce the reliance of the NHS on private healthcare providers.
This Government are taking a hard-headed approach to cutting waiting times.
We are investing an extra £26 billion in our NHS, and where the independent sector has spare capacity, we will pay to get NHS patients treated faster and free at the point of use.
So far, our approach to investment and reform has cut waiting lists by more than 200,000.
Perhaps the hon.
Member will tell us how it is going in Scotland.
The Secretary of State claimed this morning on BBC Radio 4’s “Today” programme—a most excellent programme—that Labour is the only party that can be trusted with the national health service.
Can he confirm that no aspect of the NHS whatsoever, whether it is ownership of the estate, the provision of specialist services or any other form of privatisation, will be included in the much-promised trade deal between the UK and the United States?
No more excuses, Secretary of State: just give a direct answer to a direct question.
I have said it before, and I will say it again: the NHS will be privatised over my dead body.
This party founded the NHS as a publicly funded public service, free at the point of use.
We use the independent sector to cut waiting lists, and guess what?
The SNP-led Government in Scotland do the same thing.
We have made it clear that the NHS is not up for sale in any trade deal.
That is clear and unequivocal.
The hon.
Gentleman can sling mud as much as he likes, but he cannot run from the SNP’s abysmal record on the NHS over 18 long, poor years.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
GPs are at the front door to our NHS.
Today, I can announce that we are supporting more than 1,000 surgeries across the country to modernise their buildings, backed by more than £102 million—the biggest public investment in GP facilities for five years.
Following years of neglect, this vital funding will create additional space to see more patients, boost productivity, improve patient care and enable 8 million more family doctor appointments each year.
I very much welcome today’s announcement on refurbishing 1,000 GP surgeries across the country, because I have made it my priority to meet with as many GPs as possible in my constituency.
Our local GPs have told me that our health centres need more physical space in order to accommodate growing local needs and facilitate the expansion of healthcare into the community.
Is the Secretary of State willing to meet me and my local GPs to discuss how we can better improve the physical space needed for care to be brought closer to people’s homes?
I would be delighted to do so.
Since we came into government, we have made this announcement today, put £889 million into general practice and agreed a contract with GPs, including reform for patient access and services.
We are fixing the front door to the NHS, but of course that will take time.
We recruited 1,500 more GPs by the end of March, but day by day, week by week, month by month and year by year, people should see improvements in their GP services thanks to Labour.
I call the shadow Minister.
Taking medicines on time is important, especially for those with conditions such as diabetes and epilepsy.
Dr Acheson, an A&E consultant who has time-critical  medicines for his own Parkinson’s disease, understands that well.