The SNP has had a record settlement for Holyrood, and we expect the Scottish Government to deliver.
If they cannot, I am sure that Anas Sarwar and Jackie Baillie would be willing to take over.
Yesterday’s report from the Health and Social Care Committee is explicit that we cannot build an NHS fit for the future without effectively reforming social care.
Back in January, the Secretary of State promised cross-party talks as well as Baroness Casey’s commission.
He cannot outsource  political leadership to Baroness Casey.
Political will is the sticking point with the reform of social care.
Will he show that leadership and bring the parties together to find the solutions to unblock this crisis?
Since we came into government, we have already taken action on social care with the investment we have put in—the biggest expansion of carer’s allowance and the funding for home adaptations through the disabled facilities grant.
Now that the commission is up and running, there will be cross-party engagement, but it is an independent commission and for Baroness Casey to decide how to engage.
Last week, this Labour Government announced the freezing of prescription charges, putting pounds back in the pockets of people in Derby.
I have visited pharmacies, including the Littleover pharmacy, which provide essential care and support for their communities.
The Conservatives underfunded pharmacies and more than 750 closed across England between 2021 and 2024.
What is the Minister doing to support community pharmacies so that we do not lose these vital local services?
After years of neglect, this Government have agreed with the sector a record uplift to £3.1 billion for 2025-26 for this vitally important front door to our NHS.
We are also supporting pharmacies to operate more efficiently, including enabling hub and spoke dispensing between all pharmacies later this year.
I am pleased to say that the legislation for that has been laid.
What a contrast that is with the previous 14 years.
I am also pleased to see that the National Pharmacy Association has withdrawn its view on taking collective action.
We are moving in the right direction, but there is still a lot more to do.
I welcome today’s announcement of new money for GPs’ surgeries, but GPs in my constituency tell me that they cannot get capital out of the integrated care board and that the Valuation Office Agency consistently undervalues the cost of rents, making future building impossible.
Will the Secretary of State agree to meet me, and GPs from my constituency, in order to understand the problem better?
Thanks to the investment that we have announced, those practices will be upgraded.
I advise the hon.
Gentleman to engage with his local ICB.
We are happy to receive representations if we can help, but let me gently point out that the investment is only possible thanks to the decisions made by the Chancellor, which he opposed.
Ladies Walk NHS health centre in Sedgley is a vital hub for my constituents, providing essential services such as phlebotomy and diabetic foot care, but owing to the inaction of the Conservative council this much-needed community asset faces closure in 2026, leaving residents without access to critical care.
Will my hon.
Friend agree to meet me to discuss urgent steps to safeguard the future of the centre and ensure that Sedgley residents continue to receive the NHS services on which they rely?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend, who is a qualified physiotherapist, and who is right to refer to the value of community care.
I would be happy to meet her to discuss the important issue that she has raised.
What steps will be taken to support more community pharmacies that can offer a broad range of services to people in rural areas, to ensure that those who are most isolated from busy towns still have access to those important services?