Despite my best efforts, may I welcome  the hon.
Member for Runcorn and Helsby (Sarah Pochin)  to her place?
Being a Member of Parliament is a privilege, and I know how special it is to sit on these Benches having been sent here by constituents.
Regardless of our political differences, I wish her well personally.
As part of our 10-year plan for health, we want to deliver a real shift in the centre of gravity in the NHS, so that people get more care closer to home and, indeed, in their home, too.
The NHS is as much a neighbourhood health service as a national health service.
We have already made progress in shifting care to the community: providing more than £889 million in funding for GPs; agreeing the GP contract for the first time since the pandemic; and recruiting more than 1,500 GPs on to the frontline.
Our 10-year plan will set out how we will continue to transform the NHS into a neighbourhood health service.
I am deeply concerned about the quality of healthcare for people experiencing homelessness in my constituency of Bournemouth West.
HealthBus, a local charity, is doing great work in getting out into the community to treat people where they are and to prevent them from having to go into hospital, but it is not getting the funding that it needs and has discovered serious discrepancies in the way that the local integrated care board commissions services, particularly in relation to health inequalities.
Can the Secretary of State tell me how this Government are prioritising health outcomes for people experiencing homelessness, and will he meet me and HealthBus to discuss how we can support its important work?
The founding mission of the NHS was to be there for people whenever they fall ill, so that they never have to worry about the bill.
Unfortunately, thanks to the disaster and the failures of 14 years of Conservative Government, too many people in our country today experience the fear that Nye Bevan sought to eradicate.
As my hon.
Friend would expect, tackling health inequalities for homeless people and other vulnerable groups is central to the values of this Labour Government.
Those values will be reflected in our 10-year plan for health.
I would be delighted to hear from her further on what we can do to improve services in her area.
I thank the Secretary of State for his announcement this morning regarding GP services.
One way that pressure is eased in our GP services is through charities such as Compassion in Action, which provides  non-clinical, whole-person care in my constituency.
It receives GP referrals from across Leigh and aligns with the Government’s aim to shift care from hospitals to communities.
Will the Minister join me in thanking the staff and the founder, Pam Gilligan, and agree to come for a tour of the facilities and to see at first hand the impact that they have?
I wholeheartedly join my hon.
Friend in thanking Pam and everyone at Compassion in Action for the work that they do.
At the heart of our approach to health is a recognition that Government action is essential for improving health outcomes in the country, and that Government acting alone will not be sufficient.
That is why working with the voluntary sector, employers, trade unions, community groups and all of us as individual citizens is vital for tackling health inequalities and improving care in our country.
I would be delighted to ensure that one of the team pays a visit to the charity as soon as possible.
Stuart Anderson, welcome back.
Community hospitals can reduce pressure on major hospitals, especially in rural communities such as mine.
Will the Secretary of State lay out his plans to support community hospitals in South Shropshire?
At the heart of this Government’s approach is investment in, and reform of, the NHS to ensure that we deliver better outcomes for patients.