What steps are the Government taking to reduce overreliance on gas by bringing in an emergency home upgrade scheme that will enable people to insulate and to keep their homes warm with heat pumps this winter, rather than waiting until spring?
I think the Minister has got the point.
The hon.
Lady is right; this is an incredibly important issue that gets to the heart of the fact we inherited from the previous Government not  just an economic mess but a series of policy decisions not made, and an energy system that needed us to take serious decisions quickly to build resilience for the future.
On the broader point about consumers, she will know that my hon.
Friend the Minister for consumers is doing a lot of work on exactly what the warmer homes scheme will look like, to ensure that people have as warm a home as possible.
She is right that at times such as this, the people in the poorest households struggle the most.
We are doing what we can to ensure that homes are insulated and, in the long term, to bring down bills.
The only way to do that is to deliver clean power by 2030—faster than the previous Government would ever have managed.
The shadow Minister comes to the House with no shame.
As has been referred to by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Sefton Central (Bill Esterson) , the shadow Minister’s party closed Rough in 2017, leaving us exposed.
I commend the Minister on taking urgent steps through our clean power mission to secure our energy system, and I urge him to ignore the political distractions of the Conservative party.
My hon.
Friend is right that this Government are moving as fast as possible to build a more resilient system to get the country off the rollercoaster of volatile fossil fuel markets.
The Conservatives seem to oppose that, but they have been on something of a journey in all these questions: they used to champion net zero and recognise that climate change was a clear and present danger to the world, but now they are drifting further away from that, looking for more extremist views on Twitter and elsewhere to crowdsource their policy.
We are getting on with building the energy system to bring down bills, deliver energy security and, yes, to deliver climate leadership.
The National Electricity System Operator issued a warning of a 1,700 MW shortfall at the evening peak.
It revised that down to barely more than 1,200, and it was running at one point with only 580 MW of margin.
How are the Government so complacent about this?
It is astonishing.
As someone who has followed the energy debate for the past 30 years or so, I warn the Minister that this is almost unprecedented.
For him to say that everything is absolutely fine is incredibly irresponsible, when his own Government’s policies are contributing to the tightness of the generating margin.
If the lights go out, will he resign?
That is the kind of extremist scaremongering that we have come to expect from the shadow Secretary of State on Twitter, but we are now hearing it in the House.
It is thoroughly irresponsible to use such language.
In my answer, I read the very clear view of the National Energy System Operator, which runs the system and is the expert.
I repeat it for the benefit of the House:
“At no point were electricity supplies less than anticipated demand and our engineers were able to rebalance the system without the need to consider emergency measures.”
The shadow Minister and Back-Bench MPs can repeat the phrasing around blackouts all they like, but at no point was that a concern.
The reality is that while the  Conservatives are happy to throw around such phrases without any evidence, we are building the resilient system of the future, and we will get on with doing that.