In doing so, will the Government amend the strategy to consider prostitution and other forms of commercial sexual exploitation as violence against women and girls?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her kind comments about me.
The violence against women and girls strategy that the Government will launch later this year will absolutely root adult sexual exploitation, which so often actually stems from childhood sexual exploitation, into the Government’s violence against women and girls strategy—for the first time ever.
Is the Home Secretary aware of the growing link, as highlighted by a recent Durham University report, between rural crime  and serious organised crime?
If not, could she ask her officials to bring it to her attention?
Given the transnational element to this serious organised crime, could the National Crime Agency start to take a closer look at rural crime?
I am aware of this, and I think there is a very serious issue about how serious and organised crime has increasingly been targeting rural areas and  things such as the GPS equipment used by farmers.
The point about those involved in serious and organised crime is that they will always target areas where they think they can get away with it.
That is why the issue is partly about the work of the National Crime Agency, but also about the work of police forces across the country and the work we need to do to take forward a rural crime strategy with the National Police Chiefs’ Council.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero if he will make a statement on gas storage levels.
Energy security is a key priority for this Government, and at no time was there any concern about Britain’s energy system being able to meet demand.
Our systems worked entirely as intended.
We had capacity to deal with market constraints, and that has been backed up by the two authoritative voices on this issue in the country—National Gas, which runs the gas network, and the National Energy System Operator.
We have sufficient gas supply and electricity capacity to meet demand this winter, due to our diverse and resilient system.
While storage is an important flexibility tool in the gas system, our varied sources of gas supply mean that the UK is less reliant on storage than some other European countries that have a more limited supply options.
Our diverse options include the UK continental shelf, our long-term energy partner Norway, international markets via the second largest liquefied natural gas onshoring capacity in Europe, and two interconnectors.
Gas storage is used throughout the year, but typically operates in winter to help meet peaks in demand.
Through colder spells, storage levels are expected to fluctuate across the winter period.
That is what happened last week following the severe cold weather, and it is a sign that the gas and storage markets are working exactly as they should.
That is precisely why we have those systems in place.
In their winter outlooks, National Gas and the National Energy System Operator assessed that there is sufficient supply to meet winter demand, including the role of storage.
On Friday, National Gas, the owner and operator of Britain’s gas networks, confirmed that
“the overall picture across Great Britain’s eight gas storage sites remains healthy.”
We will continue to work closely with National Gas, NESO and storage operators to maintain continued security of supply.
I reiterate: Britain’s energy system is working to continue to meet the demand of consumers across the country.
All our constituents will be aware of the freezing temperatures experienced across the United Kingdom last week, dipping to minus 18° in the north of Scotland.
However, many will not be aware of just how close this country came to an energy shortage, blackouts, or demand control—closer than at any point in the past 15 years.