Friend is right to make the point that we should move forward with nuclear—we want to see nuclear projects move forward as quickly as possible.
My hon.
Friend the Minister for nuclear is moving forward with two of the biggest projects, as well as the small modular reactor competition.
We are quite rightly going through a process to ensure that it is as robust as possible, but we will have more to say in due course.
Last Friday, I met Wales & West Utilities, which runs the gas grid in my constituency and beyond, where I heard that hydrogen is still a very viable option for home heating.
Although there have been a number of pilots, the Government have recently gone quite quiet on hydrogen in home heating.
Will the Minister update us on the steps he is taking to progress hydrogen for home heating?
The hon.
Lady raises the potential of hydrogen in our energy mix.
Of course, one of the real strengths of the gas network is that it can be changed into other things in the future; that is a real strength of what we have, and we are looking at what those options might be.
There is a mix of options available with hydrogen, including home heating, but it could still play a really key role in industrial projects, for example, in the shorter term.
We are looking at those projects.
We need to ensure that it is financially viable and that we have worked out all the technological details on how we would make it happen.
We will have more to say on that in due course.
My understanding is that these notices are issued at times of high demand, and that they are evidence of the system working in order to prevent power cuts or the system breaking down.
I would have thought the Conservatives would have learned their lesson from the spike in international gas prices that caused the crisis in people’s fuel bills and led to a cost of living crisis, but they have learned nothing from that.
Does my hon.
Friend the Minister agree that this really underlines our policy of ensuring that we have a secure provision of renewable energy, which leaves us less open to spikes in prices on the international market?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
It is worth saying that electricity margin notices are not unexpected, particularly at this time of year.
They mean that there is enough generation available to meet demand, but that NESO would like to see a larger safety cushion; that is the important point for people to understand what margin notices are about.
The notice was cancelled, of course, because there was sufficient supply to ensure that cushion.
My hon.
Friend’s broader point is important.
We have outlined in great detail how we will deliver clean power by 2030.
The Conservatives now claim to oppose that; in fact, they oppose much of net zero full stop.
They will have to answer how they would deliver a secure and resilient energy system of the future that brings down bills and delivers on climate leadership.
I am unconvinced, to use parliamentary language, by the Minister’s reassurance that the lights did not almost go out last week.
I am also unconvinced by his saying that the system is robust and resilient.
This is the Minister who told electors in Scotland that energy bills would come down by £300 under this Government.
They have gone up, and will go up twice more.
Given the perilous gas storage situation—it is at 1%, compared to the 25% the EU enjoys—what steps will he take to de-stress the system by accelerating investment in long-duration energy storage?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his characteristic question.
On the first point, let me just say that it was not I who said anything about what the margins were.