Will the Secretary of State pledge that our local communities will have properly resourced policing teams under the new Labour Government?
My hon.
Friend is right about the importance of having neighbourhood policing teams working in communities with local residents and businesses, knowing the kinds of crimes and challenges that that area faces.
That is why we are determined not just to get neighbourhood police back on the beat, with funding in place to do so, but to ensure that, as part of a neighbourhood policing guarantee, the officers are not abstracted to deal with other things.
In 2022 the chief constable of Devon and Cornwall Police was suspended for misconduct, and last November the interim chief constable was also suspended.
Now the deputy police and crime commissioner has also resigned.
Does the Home Secretary share my concerns about the leadership of Devon and Cornwall Police and the impact on neighbourhood policing morale, as well as the fact that the taxpayer is paying for three chief constables, two of whom have been suspended?
I am aware of the points that my hon.
Friend raises, and I do have concerns.
It is really important that all police forces can strengthen their neighbourhood policing and have strong leadership right through the police force.
We will set out a new police reform White Paper to ensure that measures are in place to strengthen leadership and standards across policing.
I call the Chair of the Home Affairs Committee.
A focus on neighbourhood policing is welcome; we have seen it in Staffordshire for some time.
Police leaders have said that if they do not have the flexibility to recruit as they need to, there is a risk that police officers will end up having to fill vacancies in specialist areas.
Will the Home Secretary listen to police leaders and give them that flexibility?
The Chair of the Home Affairs Committee makes an important point.
We have said that the neighbourhood policing teams, which we are determined to support, should include police officers and police community support officers, as well as special constables, who too often are underused and underappreciated, in order to recognise the mix of disciplines that we need for the strongest and most effective policing.
Excellent partnership work between Gwent Police, Newport city council and our business improvement district saw crime down by 25% in our city centre at the end of last year, although there is still much to do to improve confidence after neighbourhood policing was slashed under the previous Government.
Does the Home Secretary agree that visibility is key, and will she update us on police numbers in Wales?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point, because this is about visibility, partnership and powers, and she rightly talks about the impact that this kind of work can have.
We want to strengthen the work of police officers across England and Wales by strengthening the powers they have to tackle shoplifting and street theft—snatch theft—which have both increased in recent years.
I call the shadow Minister.
The previous Government left office with record police numbers, but police and crime commissioners are deeply concerned that the funding formula and settlement, combined with the Government’s national insurance tax raid, will force cuts to frontline police numbers.
My Labour police and crime commissioner faces a £3 million shortfall, and there are projections of 3,500 officers being lost nationwide.
Will the Home Secretary take responsibility if police numbers fall in the coming years?
I should point out to the hon.
Gentleman that his Government took neighbourhood police officers off the streets, meaning thousands fewer on the streets—the number of PCSOs halved and the number of special constables dropped by two thirds.
That is the Conservatives’ shameful record, which people know because they can see it—they do not see police on the streets, as a result of his Government’s actions.
He raises the issue of funding.