I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his characteristic question.
On the first point, let me just say that it was not I who said anything about what the margins were.
I quoted the National Energy System Operator, which actually delivers in this country—and will quote it again for the benefit of the hon.
Gentleman:
“At no point were electricity supplies less than anticipated demand and our engineers were able to rebalance the system”.
He can take or leave my words—I am not particularly bothered—but those are the words of the people who actually operate the energy system.
On the hon.
Gentleman’s final point, I absolutely agree with him on the importance of long-duration energy storage.
That is why, for the first time in 40 years, this Government announced a new cap-and-floor regime to deliver new long-duration energy storage schemes.
That is a huge step forward from the position under many previous Governments, and it will allow the building of the pumped hydro schemes and new innovative technologies that will deliver that energy storage.
We are moving as fast as possible.
I hope that he and his hon.
Friends will support those decisions.
I thank the Minister for updating and reassuring the House and residents on the robustness of the system, and for his work taking forward a wider diversification of energy supply.
Will he update the House on support for the take-up of heat pumps, to ensure that, in the long run, we are far less dependent on gas from overseas?
Will he also say something about the importance of insulation and what the Government are doing to support further measures to encourage insulation?
My hon.
Friend is right that as well as building an energy system that will deliver generation capacity for the future, we need to work as fast as possible to reduce demand.
Part of that is about moving away from gas to heat pumps.
That is important not just for our energy system and climate, but for individual households in reducing their bills.
We already see a huge shift in the uptake of heat pumps across the country.
There is, of course, much more to do on that if we are to reach our target, but the Government are committed to that, and it is important for households right across the country.
I echo his points on insulation.
Those in fuel poverty are more likely to live in houses that are cold.
The more we can do to create warmer homes—that is what the Under-Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Peckham (Miatta Fahnbulleh) , is doing—the better for everyone.
Last week was the coldest week of the winter.
Also last week, 41.9% of our energy mix was gas and just about 25%  was wind.
We have heard about issues with gas storage, and the Government are penalising the oil and gas sector by extending the windfall tax, not allowing new licences, and removing investment allowances.
It feels like this Government are not taking our energy security seriously.
Can the Minister reassure the House that that is not the case, and that he will engage with our oil and gas companies to ensure that we are secure in our energy today, despite what they are trying to do for the future?
I can give that assurance.
Indeed, every month I have been in this job, I have been in Aberdeen, meeting oil and gas companies to discuss the issues.
We are not going to agree on everything, but I have been very clear that there will be a long future for oil and gas in the North sea.
Yes, we absolutely have said that we do not want to issue any new licences for new fields, but we will not revoke any existing licences.
That means that there will continue to be work in the North sea for a long time to come.