Gentleman that his Government took neighbourhood police officers off the streets, meaning thousands fewer on the streets—the number of PCSOs halved and the number of special constables dropped by two thirds.
That is the Conservatives’ shameful record, which people know because they can see it—they do not see police on the streets, as a result of his Government’s actions.
He raises the issue of funding.
This Government have had to add an additional £170 million to police forces this year because the settlement that his party left them with was not enough to cover this year’s pay rise.
They let policing down.
The Home Secretary proudly quotes the funding settlement while failing to mention that £230 million of it will be snatched straight back as a result of her Government’s national insurance tax raid on our police forces.
What can be invested in frontline policing is largely determined by how she manages the Home Office budget.
Does she agree that it was wrong to spend £10,000 on a swanky dinner for civil servants, and how will she ensure that never happens again?
I am afraid I have to say to the hon.
Gentleman that his party not only let policing and communities down by taking neighbourhood police off the streets, but let police down on the funding.
This Government are providing an increase in police funding of up to £1 billion next year, on top of the additional funding we had to provide for policing this financial year because his party left a huge black hole in not just Home Office or police officer funding, but overall funding for public services across the board—a shameful legacy that we have had to turn around.
What discussions her Department has had with the Fire Brigades Union on improving protections for firefighters against occupational diseases.
We engage regularly with the Fire Brigades Union and we take very seriously the health and safety of firefighters, who risk their lives for our communities every day.
The Home Office is reviewing recent academic research to evaluate risks posed by contaminants and the effectiveness of decontamination procedures.
We will share our findings with the fire and rescue authorities, which hold the legal responsibility to protect firefighters against those risks.
I thank the Minister for her answer.
Exposure to toxic substances is an avoidable risk and every firefighter should have access to the resources they need to protect themselves.
The dangerous nature of being a firefighter has also been amplified as the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service has had more than 1,400 frontline firefighter jobs cut since 2010, a reduction of nearly 20%.
Does the Home Secretary agree that the fire service needs proper investment and a national body with legal standing to set standards on fire cover, training, equalities, and health and safety?
My right hon.
Friend the Minister for Policing, Fire and Crime Prevention is looking at all fire and rescue issues and considering all possibilities, including potential reorganisations, as we move the services forward.
Will the Minister look at early diagnosis for firefighters because, very sadly, many suffer very bad ill health in retirement?
If they are diagnosed early, treatment can be provided to improve the quality and the length of their lives.
I agree that this is an important area and that much more work needs to be done to consider effective contaminants and risks from the dangers that firefighters put themselves in every day to protect life.
What assessment she has made of the impact of crime on rural communities.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help tackle rural crime.
What assessment she has made of the impact of crime on rural communities.
We all understand the devastating harm that crime can cause in rural communities.
The Government are committed to taking action, which is why we will be enacting the Equipment Theft (Prevention) Act 2023 to tackle the theft of agricultural machinery and equipment.