Foreign nationals who commit offences and are sentenced to 12 months in prison have no right to be here, and I can assure my hon.
Friend that we will work tirelessly to ensure that they can be removed.
The 23% increase in six months is a good start, but we will not take our foot off the gas.
In my Oxfordshire constituency, residents are concerned about increased antisocial behaviour, particularly pickpocketing and shoplifting in our towns.
Given that the last Conservative Government cut the number of police community support officers in the Thames valley area by more than half since 2015, what steps will the Minister be taking to ensure that the police are able to improve community policing in Oxfordshire towns such as Wallingford, Wantage and Didcot?
We want to see an increase in neighbourhood policing right across the country.
That is why we set out £100 million as part of the police settlement for next year to kick-start and increase recruitment of neighbourhood police officers and PCSOs, alongside stronger powers to tackle neighbourhood crime.
I welcome the Government’s plans to tackle youth violence, but also to prioritise early intervention.
In Battersea, brilliant organisations such as Carney’s Community are delivering targeted services to young people—from mentoring and life skills, to boxing and fitness.
Does the Minister agree that organisations such as Carney’s need our support?
Will she agree to visit it so that she can hear at first hand about its approach to tackling youth violence?
I would be delighted to visit.
Does the Secretary of State believe it is fair that undocumented illegal migrants get priority access to the NHS over British taxpayers?
They do not.
Since October 2023, my constituent has been separated from her husband and the father of her children, who is a Palestinian citizen of the state of Israel.
I have deep concerns about the Home Office’s handling of this case, and it has not replied to my last two representations.
Will the Minister agree to look into this case?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that case, and I am very happy to meet him to discuss the issues he has raised.
Penselwood in Glastonbury and Somerton is regularly blighted by unlicensed music events, leaving residents feeling frightened and vulnerable, as organisers pay scant regard to them or to the police.
How will the Minister support the police to give the public confidence that they will crack down on these illegal raves?
If the hon.
Lady writes to me with details, I will certainly look into that issue.
Recently, the owner of social media site X has used his sizeable platform to undermine the democratic result of last July’s general election; has stirred up hatred towards my hon.
Friend  the Member for Birmingham Yardley (Jess Phillips) , putting her safety at risk; and has sought mechanisms to depose the Prime Minister.
Can the Minister say what actions the Defending Democracy Taskforce is taking to prevent this kind of foreign interference in British politics?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that important question.
The Government consider this work to be urgent.
We have seen some utterly unacceptable activity, both during and beyond the general election.
I hope that work to address this issue will be a shared endeavour right across the House, but the Government are working at pace to address it.
What actions will the Home Secretary be taking following the news that eight UK companies and organisations have been deemed terror groups by the United Arab Emirates?
The UAE is an important international partner for the UK, but of course other countries have their own rules on designation and it would not be appropriate for the Government to comment on their processes.
I can say to the hon.