Gentleman’s question.
Did the Minister assume that after the Government had robbed pensioners of the winter fuel allowance, gas consumption would go down, or are this Government so obsessed with their net zero policy that they do not really care whether we have enough gas to meet our energy needs?
Does the Minister not realise that being reliant on foreign suppliers will push up fuel prices in the UK?
How does he justify the fact that under his net zero policy, the Government are ignoring the fact that we have 150 years-worth of gas naturally stored in the United Kingdom, and will not use it?
Let me repeat what I said a moment ago: even if we were to take much more gas from our continental shelf, it would still be traded on the international market.
The reason why the right hon.
Gentleman’s constituents and mine still face a cost of living crisis is our exposure to petrostates and dictators around the world.
He would clearly like to expose us to them even more, and I think that the Conservatives would support him in that, but we want to get ourselves off the rollercoaster of volatile fossil fuels and deliver a clean power system that is cheaper in the long run and delivers energy security.
That is what is best for consumers, and for all our constituents.
The Minister has several times mentioned energy security, and has said that the drive to net zero will make us more energy-secure, but now that Europe has learned the lesson of taking fossil fuels from Russia, we will take our renewable resources from China, which manufactures and processes the vast of majority of the materials needed.
What contingency plans has the Minister made in case China decides to get into a trade war with the UK on renewables, or to cut off supply?
The threats that could come from China are exactly the same as those that came from Russia about fossil fuels.
Let me say two things to the right hon.
Gentleman.
First, our approach to China is that we will co-operate when it is in our interest to do so, and will challenge when necessary.
That is the point that the Chancellor is making.
Secondly, the way to ensure that what he describes does not happen, and that we build as much as possible in this country, is to build an industrial base in this country and to bring clean power jobs to the UK.
The last Government failed to do that.
We are driving forward an industrial strategy that will ensure that the jobs that arise from the clean power plan that we designed are in this country.
The Opposition can either support that or oppose it.
This whole discussion underlines the importance of electricity storage, including at the battery energy storage system in my constituency, the Bredbury substation.
How can we encourage more communities to welcome BESSs to their area, perhaps by considering community benefits, such as district heat networks?
The hon.
Lady makes a really important point about energy storage in its various forms.
Battery storage technology is moving forward extraordinarily quickly, and the short duration that we can get from batteries is improving quite considerably, so batteries will have a key role to play.
Importantly, there is the potential for communities to drive some of that.
We have been really clear in our local power plan that we want communities to be in the driving seat as much as possible, so that they can secure community benefits.
We also want them to own some of the infrastructure.
In a few weeks’ time, I will visit a scheme in Scotland where the community would be able to own not just a battery storage project, but a wind turbine that fills the battery.
They would get a double benefit from the energy that they are generating and able to store.