The Home Office is currently working with the National Police Chiefs’ Council on a rural and wildlife crime strategy, to crack down on some of the crime and disorder that has worsened in recent years.
What steps she is taking to support the police to tackle burglaries.
Burglary is a particularly invasive crime that has a profound impact on the security of individuals—as I know from personal experience—as well as on the wider community.
For too long a culture has been allowed to develop whereby victims of burglary and other crimes fear that even if they report what has happened, no one will come and nothing will be done.
That is the culture we are determined to tackle through our safer streets mission and our commitment to neighbourhood policing.
In my local authority area, 92% of burglaries went unsolved, with police failing to identify suspects—that is the worst figure for any community in the country—and in Surrey as a whole, 63% of burglaries were not even attended by police.
This has contributed to a decline in confidence in local policing among my constituents.
How, specifically, will the Government’s new police performance unit and their neighbourhood policing guarantee ensure that my constituents can feel safe in their homes, and will the Minister join my party in committing to a statutory burglary response guarantee to ensure that all domestic burglaries are attended by a police officer?
The police have made a commitment in England and Wales to attend the scene of every home burglary, so I am concerned by what the hon.
Lady has said about her local force.
The College of Policing has set out good practice for the investigation of burglaries, which should be followed by police forces, and which sets standards for what should be expected as well as explaining how best to deal with victims.
I am mindful of what she has said today and will write to her with details of what more can be done.
What steps her Department is taking to help tackle violence against women and girls.
What steps her Department is taking to help tackle violence against women and girls.
What steps her Department is taking to help tackle violence against women and girls.
This Government will treat violence against women and girls as the national emergency that it is, and later this year our new comprehensive violence against women and girls strategy will spell out how we plan to fulfil our unprecedented commitment to halve that violence.
In the interim, we have announced Raneem’s law, whereby domestic abuse specialists will be embedded in 999 control rooms, and we are working with police to develop a national framework to track and target high-harm offenders.
We are piloting new domestic abuse protection orders in selected areas, and we have outlined new measures to protect women against stalking and spiking.
The entire country was appalled by the terrible crime of girls being groomed by gangs of older men, and outraged by the lack of action taken by authorities to help protect those victims.
It is about 10 years since these crimes first came to light.
Since then we have had the Jay inquiry, which has made 20 recommendations.
Will the Government commit to implementing all those recommendations, in full and at pace, to help protect future victims?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for both the tone and the sentiment of his question, and I hope that everyone in the House agrees with him.
I spent the weekend in my surgery dealing with cases that are live today involving the grooming of both boys and girls by organised groups of varying sorts.
It is, in fact, 15 years since the original Jay report on the events in Rotherham.
As for the recommendations of the Independent Inquiry into Child Sexual Abuse, we will work at pace with the stakeholders, including the victims and Professor Alexis Jay, to ensure that what was intended in those recommendations can happen.