I repeat it for the benefit of the House:
“At no point were electricity supplies less than anticipated demand and our engineers were able to rebalance the system without the need to consider emergency measures.”
The shadow Minister and Back-Bench MPs can repeat the phrasing around blackouts all they like, but at no point was that a concern.
The reality is that while the  Conservatives are happy to throw around such phrases without any evidence, we are building the resilient system of the future, and we will get on with doing that.
In government, the Conservatives saw the closure of Rough and reduced gas storage.
In opposition, they oppose our proposals for clean power, and would see this country more reliant on volatile gas markets and higher energy prices.
Is it not the truth that the Conservatives want us more reliant on gas, with higher bills and more likelihood of blackouts, because they oppose our plans for clean power and tackling runaway and accelerating climate change?
The decision on whether to run gas storage sites is a commercial one for Centrica.
The storage site at Rough was closed between 2017 and 2022—hon.
Members may remember that that was when the “beast from the east” was attacking the country.
The previous Government will have to answer for the decisions that they made on that.
We are making it clear that the only way to build the energy system that we need in the long term is the clean power action plan.
The Conservatives used to support much of that but, increasingly, they have decided to walk away from it.
They will either keep us attached to the volatile fossil fuel markets, with all the price spikes that our constituents continue to pay the price of, or they will have to come up with an alternative plan.
We are getting on with doing the work.
Can I encourage the Minister to come out of combat mode for a second and consider a constructive proposal?
If we are not to become re-dependent on gas when the wind does not blow and the sun does not shine, and we do not want to be dependent on foreign countries indefinitely, can he see a future role for modular nuclear reactors?
If I am in any kind of attack mode, it is because the Opposition do not seem to be dealing with reality, and I think it is important to correct that.
The right hon.
Gentleman is right that the future energy mix, as we outlined in the clean power action plan, will involve a range of technologies.
We outlined the range we would expect for each of those, and nuclear—in particular small modular reactors—will play an incredibly important part in that.
We are moving forward with the programme we inherited from the previous Government, which was yet another incomplete process.
We will make it happen as quickly as possible, and SMRs will play a key role in our energy mix.
Following on from a previous question, clearly, the previous Government did delay investing in and starting up more nuclear power opportunities and options.
What progress has been made since this Government came into power on plans to take forward nuclear power as part of our supply?
When?
Conservative Members ask, “When?” —
they had 14 years in power, and in 14 years did not build a single new nuclear project.
The former Minister for nuclear,  the hon.
Member for West Aberdeenshire   and Kincardine (Andrew Bowie) , loves to shout about all the consultations that he launched, but he did not build a single new nuclear power station.
My hon.
Friend is right to make the point that we should move forward with nuclear—we want to see nuclear projects move forward as quickly as possible.
My hon.
Friend the Minister for nuclear is moving forward with two of the biggest projects, as well as the small modular reactor competition.