That can ease the acute pressures on the NHS.
I invite the Minister to visit St Christopher’s to see its fantastic work for himself, and to discuss the role of hospices in the Government’s commitment to ensuring that every person has access to high-quality end of life care.
I thank the hon.
Member for Wimbledon again for securing today’s debate, and the Government for the vital work that they are undertaking on this important issue.
Hospices in Devon were already struggling before the Government’s Budget last autumn, which introduced a hike in employers’ national insurance.
To talk first about the national picture, we have heard that a third of funding for hospices tends to come from the state, through the NHS.
However, in Devon, it is less than a fifth.
For Hospicare, a charity based in Exeter, the figure is 18%, while for Seton Hospice at Home and Sidmouth Hospice at Home, the figure is 0%; they do not receive any funding at all from NHS Devon.
Last year, I got together with Ben Bradshaw and Simon Jupp, the former MPs for Exeter and for East Devon.
We put aside our political differences—Simon Jupp and I were contesting the seat of Honiton and Sidmouth at the time—wrote to the chair of NHS Devon, the brilliant Sarah Wollaston, and secured an extra £500,000 for hospice care in Devon.
None the less, the charity Hospicare still has a deficit of £2.5 million per year.
Following the national insurance announcement last autumn, The Guardian reported in mid-November that Whitehall was considering options to relieve the financial pressure on hospices.
It suggested that civil servants were weighing up the possibilities of offsetting the NI rise, funding hospice nursing staff directly, or setting up a “direct funding pot” for hospices.
Following the announcement on  19 December  and the Christmas gift of capital funding for hospices, it seems that the Government chose the direct funding pot for hospices.
The problem with the additional capital funding is that a lot of hospices do not have physical buildings.
They do not have infrastructure.
They provide nursing services and hospice at home, so they cannot simply offset  day-to-day spending with that capital spending.
They are completely missing out, and that is the experience for Seaton hospice at home and Sidmouth hospice at home services in my east Devon constituency.
In conclusion, these charities step in where the NHS does not.
Providing care is central to the Government’s vision of shifting treatment from hospitals to communities, yet the current trajectory seems to be forcing patients back into overstretched, acute hospitals.
I welcome this action plan, which mentions data centres.
As the Secretary of State may be aware, the Deputy Prime Minister is currently reviewing the need for a data centre in Kings Langley in my constituency.
Both the report and the Secretary of State talk about ensuring that the infrastructure is in the right place.
I am working alongside my constituents in Kings Langley, because the proposed site is prime green belt.
If there is a need to build on and develop the site, housing would make better sense, because energy—a huge requirement for data centres—is not available nearby.
How can the Secretary of State ensure that we are not encouraging the building of white elephants in the wrong places?
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps she is taking to ensure that the police have adequate resources to help tackle neighbourhood crime.
What steps she is taking to improve the effectiveness of community policing.
What discussions she has had with the Metropolitan police on the effectiveness of community policing.
What recent progress her Department has made on improving neighbourhood policing.
Before I respond, I am sure that the whole House will want to remember PC Rosie Prior, who was tragically killed on Saturday while helping at the scene of an accident, and Ryan Welford, who was also killed.