The Conservatives should take responsibility for their record and apologise for it.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Immigration asylum rules need to be respected and enforced, and for too long that has not happened.
Since the general election, we have ramped up removals for those who have no right to be in the United Kingdom, with 16,400 individuals successfully returned in the first six months of this Government—the highest level of returns over a six-month period since 2018.
Wider work to strengthen border security is under way, including the new sanctions regime announced by the Foreign Secretary to target smuggling gangs and new co-operation agreements, including with France, Germany, Italy, Iraq and beyond.
Because vile criminal smuggler gangs operate across borders, law enforcement needs to co-operate across borders, too, to bring them down.
Knife crime continues to have a devastating impact on all too many lives in Sheffield.
I recently chaired a roundtable in my constituency, which brought together local leaders, police, schools and voluntary organisations that are all on the frontline.
Does the Secretary of State agree that it is vital to work together with key stakeholders so that we can build a collaborative approach to ending knife crime once and for all?
I agree with my hon.
Friend.
That is why we have set up the coalition to tackle knife crime.
It is also why we have a knife-enabled robbery taskforce working with chief constables.
At local level, we have discussed setting out prevention partnerships—part of the Young Futures programme—so that all organisations can come together and be part of a mission to halve knife crime over the next 10 years.
I call the shadow Home Secretary.
I know that the thoughts of the whole House will be with the victims of the grooming and rape gangs.
Will the Home Secretary agree with the Labour Mayor of Greater Manchester Andy Burnham and  the hon.
Member for Liverpool Walton (Dan Carden) —a Labour MP—that we need a proper national public inquiry?
The independent inquiry into child sexual abuse report touched only on grooming gangs and covered only six of the towns affected.
Local inquiries such as the Manchester one that the Home Secretary and the Prime Minister referred to do not have the legal powers to compel the production of evidence, which is why the Manchester chairs resigned.
One Oldham victim, Jane, who was groomed and gang-raped at the age of 12, has called for a full national inquiry—
Order.
Mr Philp, this is topicals.
You could have got this in earlier with a lengthier question.
The first part of your question was absolutely accurate, but you cannot just roll on at topicals or nobody else will get in.
These are horrendous crimes involving rape, sadistic violence and cruelty, exploitation, intimidation and coercion, so we need action, truth and accountability for those terrible crimes.
That is why we support further investigations, inquiries and action into child sexual exploitation and grooming gangs, including new action to get police reporting evidence on the scale of grooming gangs, including on ethnicity, which has still not been done.
The most important thing is to get more police investigations to get these criminals behind bars.
Does the Home Secretary agree that it is untenable for the Government’s own anti-corruption Minister to be under investigation for benefiting from the proceeds of corruption?
Should she stand down while the investigation continues?
The right hon.
Member will know that the Minister has referred herself to the ministerial standards adviser, and that is the appropriate way for this to be addressed.
More broadly, we take seriously the full range of crimes that our country faces and will continue to work closely with the police always to take action against crime.
With a rise in disinformation and intimidation at home and interference from abroad, it has never been more important to stand up for our British democracy.