What assessment she has made of the impact of crime on rural communities.
We all understand the devastating harm that crime can cause in rural communities.
The Government are committed to taking action, which is why we will be enacting the Equipment Theft (Prevention) Act 2023 to tackle the theft of agricultural machinery and equipment.
We will strengthen enforcement on fly-tipping and antisocial behaviour, and we will deliver more rural patrols through our neighbourhood policing guarantee.
I thank the Minister for her answer.
She will know that the funding allocations for policing are based on reported crime, not underlying crime rates.
In rural areas such as North Shropshire, people say that they do not always report a crime when it happens.
Residents in Oswestry and Whitchurch tell me that they do not bother to phone the police because they do not think anyone will come.
Will she consider reassessing the formula to ensure that in rural areas the funding reflects the level of underlying crime?
I reassure the hon.
Lady that funding for the year 2025-26 for her police force will be £316.3 million, an increase of £80 million on the figures from this year.
I encourage all people who are victims of crime to report it.
We need that information so that the police can then make the required resources available.
In my constituency, fly-tipping on farms and private land and the targeted theft of heating oil are causing profound problems for families and businesses alike.
Will the Minister update me on progress to tackle rural crime, and will the Home Office consider setting up a rural taskforce, working across Departments, to tackle these issues?
I absolutely share my hon.
Friend’s concerns about the extent of rural crime, particularly fly-tipping.
Recent research shows that 80% of farmers say they are affected by fly-tipping.
I am particularly concerned about the targeted theft of heating oil from families and businesses at this time of year.
As I said, we will be strengthening neighbourhood policing and we will see more patrols in rural areas, which will help.
We will also have forthcoming legislation to provide the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs with the powers it needs to support local authorities in exercising new fly-tipping enforcement powers.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss the effect that rural crime, particularly hare coursing and, as we have heard today, theft from farms and sheds, has on residents in Ely and East Cambridgeshire?
I am always very happy to meet hon.
Members.
The national wildlife crime unit has been doing some very good work, including overseeing the national police response to hare coursing and Operation Galileo, which has resulted in a 40% reduction in offences in that area, but I am very happy to meet the hon.
Lady.
Right across the towns and villages I represent, people have seen, as the rural policing presence has declined, predictable increases in shoplifting, antisocial behaviour, farm break-ins and fly-tipping.
We cannot allow that to be tolerated.
What steps will the Minister take to ensure that my local police have the resources and powers they need to take those crimes seriously?
The neighbourhood policing guarantee applies not just to towns and cities, of course, but to rural communities, so we will see a far greater police presence out and about in those communities.
The Home Office is currently working with the National Police Chiefs’ Council on a rural and wildlife crime strategy, to crack down on some of the crime and disorder that has worsened in recent years.
What steps she is taking to support the police to tackle burglaries.
Burglary is a particularly invasive crime that has a profound impact on the security of individuals—as I know from personal experience—as well as on the wider community.