The National Energy System Operator—the people who run the system—stated clearly:
“At no point were electricity supplies less than anticipated demand and our engineers were able to rebalance the system without the need to consider any emergency measures.”
If we listen to the experts—to National Gas and to NESO—they both confirmed over the weekend that there was resilience in the system.
I reiterate the point that the system operated exactly as it was intended to do.
If the shadow Minister has complaints about how the system operates in the country and the gas storage situation, he may want to look at some of his colleagues who were in power over the past 14 years.
He knows the truth about his party’s record.
He is a very smart guy, and he knows they left us exposed.
He knows they did not do enough to build the system that we need and he  knows what caused the worst cost of living crisis in living memory.
While his party is busy crowdsourcing policy advice on Twitter from net zero sceptics, it would be far better if they looked at their own record in government and, instead of criticising us, recognised that we are getting on with building a resilient energy system for the future.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
The shadow Minister missed from his story the role of Liz Truss.
When she was the Chief Secretary to the Treasury in 2017, she made the decision to close our gas storage facility.
Does the Minister agree that if we want energy security and lower prices, that all depends on reducing our reliance on the volatile nature of the international fossil fuel market?
Does that not mean that his clean power action plan for 2030 is exactly the right policy to address the events of the past few days?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The decisions that the previous Government took on storage are for them to answer, and anyone who looks at their record will rightly raise questions about that.
On the broader point, he is right.
The only plan for how we can get off the volatile fossil fuel markets, to which the previous Government left us far too exposed, is the clean power action plan that we have announced.
If the Tories oppose that, they need to come up with their alternative to deliver the resilience in the system that we are fighting for every single day.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
The hon.
Member for West Aberdeenshire and Kincardine (Andrew Bowie)  is right to raise this important question about energy security.
Gas supplies are running low because of the unexpected cold snap over the past two weeks.
While those who can afford it have continued to use gas, the energy crisis has left energy prices skyrocketing and energy bills spiralling, with many having to make the decision between putting food on the table or staying warm.
That is the case for too many families in my constituency of South Cambridgeshire.
The shadow Minister accused the Government of playing fast and loose, but it is due to the decisions of the last Conservative Government that we find ourselves in this mess, with their reckless dither and delay over insulation and decarbonising our homes and the irresponsible decision around our gas storage capacity.
This is about overreliance on gas.
For too long—
Order.
You are over time, so I am sure you are coming to the end.
I am.
What steps are the Government taking to reduce overreliance on gas by bringing in an emergency home upgrade scheme that will enable people to insulate and to keep their homes warm with heat pumps this winter, rather than waiting until spring?
I think the Minister has got the point.
The hon.