We inherited a huge mess, but we are methodically getting through it.
I call the shadow Minister.
Housing asylum seekers in hotels—of which there were 6,000 more cases in just the first three months of this Government—is spectacularly expensive.
The Home Secretary’s policy is  to make asylum decisions quickly, so that any costs of the migrants she accepts can be hidden in the welfare system.
The Home Office admits in its impact assessments that it has no idea how much her policy will cost in benefits claims and council housing bills.
Will the Minister commit today to recording and publishing all those costs for migrants whose asylum claims she accepts?
I will take no lessons from the Conservative party, which spent £700 million to send four volunteers to Rwanda and left huge backlogs of more than 90,000 stopped asylum claims—people in hotels, unable to leave because the Conservatives were trying to get their fantasy Rwanda programme off the ground.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
My constituent Majida and her three children are asylum seekers from Syria, living in one of the two asylum hotels in my Hazel Grove constituency.
They have been living in limbo for nine months as they wait for a decision on their asylum claim.
Like all Syrian asylum seekers, their applications have been temporarily paused following the fall of Assad.
Many in my community are keen to support those seeking asylum, but also very keen to see an end to the use of hotels.
The cost of housing families in that way is too high, both to the mental wellbeing of those living there and to the taxpayer.
What circumstances is the Minister waiting for to resume decision making on asylum applications from Syrians, and when does she expect that to happen?
The fall of the Assad regime was a welcome development, given that he was a tyrant, but 5,500 Syrian asylum seekers are currently in our system, many of whom fled the Assad regime.
Until Syria’s future becomes a little more settled, it is difficult to decide those claims, which is why both this country and most of Europe have had a temporary pause while the situation in Syria settles and develops.
I cannot tell the hon.
Lady exactly when decision making will resume.
All I can say is that we are keeping the matter under close observation.
As soon as there is any development in this area, we will ensure that the House knows about it.
What steps her Department is taking to support victims of the Windrush scandal.
This Labour Government are determined to put right the appalling injustice suffered by members of the Windrush community.
We will ensure that those affected receive the compensation they deserve, and that cultural change is embedded permanently in the Home Office.
At the end of November 2024, over £100 million has been paid to individuals across almost 3,000 claims under the Windrush compensation scheme.
We have also re-established the Windrush unit to drive forward the action needed to ensure that what happened to the Windrush generation never happens again.
Members of the Windrush generation who struggle to submit compensation claims do not have access to legal aid, leaving them unable to navigate the complex process.
I have recently been contacted by a constituent who is struggling to navigate the claims process, and has no other support available to him.
What steps is the Minister taking to tackle those barriers, and will she commit to providing additional support to ensure that every eligible individual can access the scheme, regardless of their capacity or circumstances?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
We are committed to making changes so that the scheme is accessible and so victims of the Windrush scandal are far better supported in applying for compensation.