I echo my hon.
Friend’s comments about my hon.
Friend the Safeguarding Minister.
On the point he raises, there is an interesting article in the papers today where the Minister is quoted as saying:
“It is completely unacceptable that fewer and fewer violent and sexual crimes are being solved, with more victims being let down time and time again.”
I cannot think of a better champion to take forward the work to protect young women in particular than the Safeguarding Minister.
There will be wizardry in the way this question from Sir Julian is delivered.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
Does the Minister accept that it would greatly assist the police to investigate crime in Newcastle-under-Lyme, and indeed elsewhere, if they were not spending an estimated 60,000 hours investigating and recording so-called non-crime hate incidents?
The Prime Minister, the Home Secretary and I, as the Policing Minister, have said that we want a common-sense approach to dealing with these matters.
The Government have been very clear on this.
We have set out our priorities as the incoming Government: halving knife crime; halving violence against women and girls; restoring confidence in the justice system; and—one of the big issues for me—tackling antisocial behaviour through our neighbourhood policing guarantee.
What steps her Department is taking to help tackle knife crime.
What steps her Department is taking to help tackle knife crime.
We remember those who have lost their lives to knife crime, including 17-year-old Thomas Taylor, killed in Bedford, and 14-year-old Kelyan Bokassa, killed in Woolwich just last week.
Kelyan’s mother said:
“I tried to prevent it.
I’ve tried so many, so many times.”
No mother should live with that grief or feel that level of fear for her teenage son.
That is why this Government have set up the coalition to tackle knife crime, which involves families, alongside taking new action on serious violence.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for that answer, and of course my sympathies also go out to that mother this weekend.
Recently published data showed a sharp rise in serious violent crime in Scotland, particularly in our cities and towns.
Too many of my constituents feel unsafe in East Kilbride town centre and the Village, particularly at night.
Meanwhile, the SNP Government’s chronic underfunding of Police Scotland has resulted in officer numbers being at their lowest level since 2008.
Does the Secretary of State agree that the SNP now has the funding in place to increase police numbers, and that protecting our community and citizens should be its priority?
My hon.
Friend is right to say that the Scottish Government have a significant increase in funding, so they can take action to improve public services.
This Government have made it a mission to halve knife crime over the next decade, including taking action to get dangerous weapons, such as zombie knives and ninja swords, off our streets by preventing the unlawful sale of these lethal blades, particularly to children.
My constituents in Whitley had their Christmas disrupted by an alarming threat of knife crime.
We have seen too many tragedies of this kind in Reading over the last few years, so I wholeheartedly welcome the Government’s mission to halve knife crime.
I have applied for my Earley and Woodley constituency to be a trial location for the new respect orders.
Will the Home Secretary meet me and my constituents to discuss how we can tackle the root problems that cause people, particularly young people, to carry knives?
The Policing Minister and I will happily talk further to my hon.
Friend.
She is right that we need to prevent young people from obtaining and carrying knives in the first place, as well as making sure there is swift intervention.
We are also taking action, working with police forces across the country, to tackle knife-enabled robbery, which is one of the areas that has seen the biggest increases in recent years.
I thank the Home Secretary for her response.