She is right that we need to prevent young people from obtaining and carrying knives in the first place, as well as making sure there is swift intervention.
We are also taking action, working with police forces across the country, to tackle knife-enabled robbery, which is one of the areas that has seen the biggest increases in recent years.
I thank the Home Secretary for her response.
Over the past five years, there have been 900 convictions for knife-related crimes in Northern Ireland.
There is an epidemic in Northern Ireland, with almost 200 convictions in the last year alone.
What discussions has the Home Secretary had with the relevant authorities, including the Police Service of Northern Ireland, to help us address this issue?
The hon.
Member will know that the PSNI takes this issue extremely seriously.
The issues of knife crime are devastating to families, and he is right to be deeply concerned about the increases we have seen.
Frankly, it is still far too easy for young people to get hold of knives.
That is why we asked Commander Stephen Clayman to conduct a detailed review of the online sale and delivery of knives, and we expect his report back shortly.
A nurse was stabbed in an emergency department in Oldham over the weekend.
Will the Home Secretary join me in condemning any attack on our health and social care workers, and especially the one at the weekend?
The hon.
Member makes an extremely important point.
Our public servants, particularly our nursing and medical staff, work to save lives, support people and help patients.
They do so trusting that the people who come to see them are asking for their help.
He is right to talk about the devastating attack at the Oldham hospital, and we are all thinking about the nurse and all those working in the hospital, as well as about the police investigation that I know is under way.
What steps her Department is taking to help tackle antisocial behaviour.
What recent progress her Department has made on improving neighbourhood policing to tackle antisocial behaviour.
The Government are committed to tackling antisocial behaviour and the harm and misery that we all know it causes in communities.
This is part of our safer streets mission that will introduce respect orders and put 13,000 additional police officers, PCSOs and special constables into neighbourhood policing roles so that each community has a visible presence and an accountable police team.
Last year, on average, at least three instances of antisocial behaviour per day were reported to Kent police in the city centre of Canterbury alone.
We have great beat officers who I know keep our city as safe as they can, but given that the economy of our historic UNESCO city relies so heavily on tourism, how will the Government work with Kent police to further tackle this issue so that residents, businesses and visitors feel safer?
The hon.
Lady makes an important point about how antisocial behaviour has to be tackled, particularly in areas where we have lots of tourists.
The neighbourhood policing guarantee is important because it will deliver an additional 13,000 police officers, PCSOs and specials in our town and city centres and in rural areas by the end of this Parliament.
In the provisional policing settlement, announced just before Christmas, there is £100 million to start the recruitment of the 13,000 police officers.
How will the Minister ensure that the safer streets mission is delivered in communities like mine in Southwark, where too often officers are extracted to police protests and the Met is divided between its neighbourhood and national policing roles?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point about the conflicting and competing interests in the Metropolitan police.
We have committed to putting police back on the beat through the neighbourhood policing guarantee.
A neighbourhood policing team will be in every area.