My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
We are committed to making changes so that the scheme is accessible and so victims of the Windrush scandal are far better supported in applying for compensation.
It is why, in July, we brought in a single named caseworker approach to streamline the process, improve consistency and remove duplication, and it is why we announced £1.5 million of grant funding for organisations to provide extra support for applicants.
If she would like to meet to discuss her constituent’s case further, I would be happy to do so.
The Windrush scandal involved people coming to this country in good faith who were then falsely labelled as illegal immigrants.
One thing that the Minister could do to avoid such circumstances happening again is make it easier for people to come here through a reduction in the English language requirement.
Is that something that she would consider?
Our priority is to understand and learn from the events in the past and focus on the future by ensuring that the Department is inclusive and considers the impact of all its work on people from every background.
What estimate her Department has made of the potential impact of levels of net migration on future trends in the number of people who will be granted indefinite leave to remain.
The Government are committed to bringing down net migration after it hit record highs under the last Government.
We will do that by taking a different approach, linking skills and migration policy so that immigration is not used as an alternative to tackling workforce problems in the UK.
The Home Office publishes migrant journey analysis, which shows the proportion of migrants granted indefinite leave to remain over time, helping to inform on who might seek to remain in the UK in the long term.
The mass import of low-skilled workers could cost the taxpayer more than £61 billion—a financial ticking time bomb.
Will the Minister commit here and now to extending the qualifying period for indefinite leave to remain or bringing in new qualifying criteria?
The hon.
Gentleman would do well to hold his own side to account for their record on net migration.
The Government recognise and value the contribution that legal migration makes to our country.
There is always a place for overseas recruitment for firms looking to grow, but it must not be the first port of call, and we must ensure that our migration system is controlled, managed and fair.
I call the shadow Home Secretary.
Since the Government came to office, 23,000 illegal migrants have crossed the English channel—an increase of 29% compared with the same time last year.
Do the Government now accept the National Crime Agency’s advice that a deterrent like the Rwanda scheme, which they cancelled before it even started, is needed?
Last week, the Government were trumpeting their removals figures.
Will they honestly accept that only a tiny fraction of removals relate to people who arrived by small boat?
In fact, in their first three months, the removals amounted to only 5% of people who entered the UK by small boat.
Will the Minister accept that allowing 95% of small boat arrivals to stay is no deterrent at all?
The shadow Home Secretary appears to have forgotten what happened when he was in Government.
In fact, he will know that for the first six months of last year the numbers of those arriving on small boats was the highest for any six months on record.
He will know that the previous Government spent over £700 million on a failed Rwanda scheme that saw four volunteers go to Rwanda.
I will not take any lessons from the shadow Home Secretary.
The Conservatives should take responsibility for their record and apologise for it.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Immigration asylum rules need to be respected and enforced, and for too long that has not happened.