Friend makes an important point about the conflicting and competing interests in the Metropolitan police.
We have committed to putting police back on the beat through the neighbourhood policing guarantee.
A neighbourhood policing team will be in every area.
It will be out policing, with intelligence-led, visible patrols, and will ensure officers are protected from being deployed elsewhere.
That is part of the guarantee.
What progress her Department has made on closing asylum hotels.
The Government are committed to reducing hotel use through reform of the asylum system, including through streamlining asylum processing and establishing the Border Security Command to tackle people smuggling gangs at source.
Since the general election, there has been a net increase of six hotels in use, but nine are scheduled for closure by the end of March.
The Government’s new policy of smashing the gangs has enabled them to close seven asylum hotels, but unfortunately they have had to open another 14.
Will the Minister tell us when the number of asylum seekers in hotel accommodation will be lower than when she took office?
Because of the size of the backlog we inherited from the Conservative party and an asylum system in chaos, with tens of thousands of people in limbo and very little processing happening, the problem cannot be solved overnight.
However, we are working very hard to close hotels.
I just gave the hon.
Gentleman the figures: nine more hotels are scheduled to close by the end of March, and there has been a net increase of six, so by the end March there will be fewer.
The previous Government wasted a scandalous amount of public money on asylum accommodation.
For example, in Northeye, they paid double what the previous owners had paid, without checking that the building did not have asbestos and contaminated ground, and it could not be used.
Will the Minister commit to being more effective in providing value for public money, to ensure that taxpayers’ money is not wasted as we fix the asylum backlog?
I certainly will.
We should also remember the £60 million the Conservative party wasted on RAF Scampton and the £15 million on a derelict, asbestos-ridden former prison in Bexhill.
We will not take any lessons from Conservative Members about value for money in Government expenditure.
In the royal town of Sutton Coldfield, we understand that we must do our bit to help house asylum seekers, but the Ramada hotel on Penns Lane has always been the wrong place because it is too far away from inner-city Birmingham-based services.
Under the last Government, the facility was slated for closure, so will the Minister look urgently at winding it down and closing it as soon as possible?
It is our intention to close all asylum hotels as soon as possible, once we deal with the backlog that we inherited from the Conservative party.
Asylum accommodation hotels were once emergency measures but have now lasted several years because of the mess the Tories made of our asylum system.
Scrapping the Rwanda scheme and recommencing the processing of claims has led to a substantially lower backlog than we would have had if we had continued with the Tory policies, but there is still much more to do.
Will the Minister update the House on progress towards ending asylum hotel accommodation and cutting waiting times for asylum application decisions?
We inherited a system where very few decisions were being made.
We have ramped up decision making to over 11,000 decisions a month and we are dealing with the backlog, but backlogs cannot be abolished overnight, and there are also appeals backlogs.
We inherited a huge mess, but we are methodically getting through it.
I call the shadow Minister.
Housing asylum seekers in hotels—of which there were 6,000 more cases in just the first three months of this Government—is spectacularly expensive.