Could we look closely at recruitment and the agencies involved?
Let us get real pay for care workers up, now.
I think that every day is a good day to thank our care workers for their skills, compassion and hard work.
We gave social care a record funding settlement of up to £7.5 billion in the autumn statement, which is being used to help local authorities increase the fees that they pay to care providers, in turn enabling care providers to pay their workforce better.
That is going hand in hand with extra funding to support discharge into social care this winter and our reforms for the care workforce.
What steps he is taking to ensure that people in care settings are permitted family visits.
I know how important it is for people in care homes, hospitals and hospices to see their family and friends.
The majority of health and care providers follow national guidance.
I do not want anyone to worry about not being able to visit a loved one, which is why in June we launched a consultation to change the law on visiting.
As the Minister knows, last month I introduced my ten-minute rule Bill, the Care Supporters Bill, to make sure that we recognise in law the value of the care of a loved one.
Will her consultation differentiate between a care supporter and a visitor?
Currently, the Care Quality Commission does not investigate individual cases.
Will it have the power to do that in future?
First, I commend the hon.
Member for his campaign on this issue.
He has been a powerful advocate and draws on his own experience, as do I. He is probably asking me to pre-empt the outcome of the consultation.
I encourage him and others concerned about this matter to put their views into that consultation, and we will respond once it is closed.
What recent progress he has made in negotiations with the World Health Organisation on proposed amendments to the International Health Regulations 2005.
The UK continues to negotiate on amendments, alongside other member states of the World Health Organisation.
We want to ensure that the International Health Regulations are effective in preventing and responding to potential health threats, leaving the UK better prepared for future health emergencies.
We anticipate negotiations to continue until the 77th World Health Assembly in May next year.
Will the Minister assure me that the proposed changes to the International Health Regulations being negotiated will not give new rule-making powers, such as those tabled by Bangladesh, to the WHO director general to make binding directions on matters including border closures, quarantining and vaccine passports?
Even the WHO’s own expert review committee has raised concerns over such significant increases in power.
As my right hon.
Friend will know, the UK has a strong commitment and duty to implement international law, but on this matter we have been absolutely clear.
I can certainly assure her that we will not sign up to any IHR amendment or any other instrument that would compromise the UK’s ability to make domestic decisions on national measures concerning public health.
Can the Minister confirm whether the House will get a vote on the amendments to the International Health Regulations, or will we not?
Should the UK Government wish to accept an IHR amendment, changes to domestic law to reflect proposed obligations may indeed be required.
The Government would therefore prepare draft legislation and bring it before Parliament in the usual way.
Let me repeat that in all circumstances, the sovereignty of the UK Parliament would remain unchanged and the UK would retain control of any future decisions around national public health measures.
If he will publish the results of the consultation on giving powers to coroners to investigate stillbirths.
The consultation on giving powers to coroners to investigate stillbirths received 334 responses, including from bereaved parents, charities, the Chief Coroner, clinicians and a range of other organisations.