She also talked about patient capital, which should not be a point of disagreement between us.
This Government have done an enormous amount to support British patient capital, with £2.3 billion of investment, and we have recently increased the length of the British patient capital scheme for a further period.
The hon.
Lady also talked about capital going overseas, but that is nothing to the degree to which capital would be flooding overseas were her party ever to return to power, accelerating us to the point where once again the Chief Secretary to the Treasury is writing notes to remind us there is no money left.
I potentially discern a point of difference between us, which perhaps in due course she will clarify, in the approach to the compact.
It is not the position of this Government to mandate where people’s pensions should be invested.
Indeed, the last time a Labour Chancellor decided what was good for our pension schemes, it did not end well.
Finally, the hon.
Lady talked about green finance.
This Government are doing a copious amount on green finance; only yesterday my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero met some of the world leaders in green finance, and earlier this year we published an ambitious green finance strategy, continuing the UK’s progression to being one of the world’s first net zero-aligned financial centres.
I call the Chair of the Treasury Committee.
I should probably note in this context that I am a trustee of the Parliamentary Contributory Pension Fund.
I warmly welcome the work that the Economic Secretary and the pensions Minister have done in this important area, and strongly endorse what the Economic Secretary says about its meaning that future pensioners will be able to retire with higher pension incomes.
However, he will know that I have put another piece of urgent work in his inbox, about helping the 93% of our constituents who are unable to afford access to financial advice and have to rely on bog-standard generic guidance.
Can he update the House on how his review of the advice-guidance boundary is going and how he will help the majority of people who save in defined-contribution schemes to get access to some sort of personalised coaching or guidance?
It is always a pleasure to respond to my hon.
Friend and to the work of her tremendous Treasury Committee, which rages across this broad financial sector.
She is right to raise the question of access to financial advice; I am afraid the world of financial services regulation is fraught with unintended consequences, and one unintended consequence of financial regulation and a growing compensation culture is to move financial advice beyond the financial ability of so many people who would benefit from receiving it.
That is called the advice gap.
I and my officials continue to work on that and I look forward to sharing proposals with the House and with my hon.
Friend and her Committee in the autumn.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
I thank the Economic Secretary for his statement.
I agree with him on regulation, where he said that regulators would be required to facilitate growth and competitiveness alongside their other objectives.
However, as he knows, unless the central bank is obliged to do the same, we might end up in the rather odd and undesirable position of regulators and the central bank taking contradictory actions.
I want to ask mainly about pension reform: under the Mansion House compact, potentially 5% of the DC funds are to go towards unlisted equities.
There is huge potential in that for growth, for innovation, for jobs, for global competitiveness and for scaling up to compete, but that comes with a commensurate risk, which is presumably up to 5% of the value of the DC fund, should the value of that unlisted equity be wiped out.