Today marks the three-year anniversary of the death of Tom Pirie, who tragically took his own life just days after being assessed as at low risk of doing so by his counsellor.
Over the last few years, I have been working with Tom’s father Philip on his campaign to improve suicide risk assessment procedure, particularly in view of the upcoming 10-year suicide prevention strategy review.
Will the Minister join me in paying tribute to Tom’s life and Philip’s excellent work in his memory by providing us with an update as to when we can expect the review to be published?
I absolutely pay tribute to Tom and to his father.
I reassure him that we have many campaigners.
Only last week, we received the baton of hope at No.
10 from those campaigning to reduce the number of suicides in this country.
We are working on the suicide prevention plan and hope to be able to publish it very soon.
What steps he is taking to tackle shortages in hormone replacement therapy.
We continue to engage regularly with our suppliers to prevent and mitigate supply issues in the short term.
We have over 70 HRT products.
The vast majority are available.
We have two that have serious shortage protocols attached to them, but we are hoping to improve supply on those very soon.
Although shortages of Utrogestan are ongoing, there is no alternative progesterone product recommended on the serious shortage protocol.
Taking oestrogen without progesterone can be dangerous.
Provera is a synthetic progesterone alternative to Utrogestan, but it is not included on the HRT prepayment certificate.
Will the Minister commit to placing Provera on the list of products covered by the prepayment certificate as a priority and issue a public health warning highlighting the risks of taking oestrogen without progesterone?
We are in the process of issuing another bulletin to both GPs and pharmacists on the serious shortage protocols and to make clear the alternatives available.
That is a clinical decision.
I will certainly look at the issue of Provera because medicines have to tick off a number of criteria to be eligible for the prepayment certificate.
I will certainly look into that particular drug on the hon.
Lady’s behalf.
What steps he is taking to increase the social care workforce.
Social care depends on the skills and compassion of our care workforce.
That is why we are investing £250 million in reforming care as a career, with a new care qualification, specialist training courses for experienced care workers and a new career structure to support progression, alongside increased funding for social care, our national recruitment campaign and the care worker visa.
We need many, many more domiciliary care workers.
How will we get them?
My right hon.
Friend is right.
We have some good news: Skills for Care data shows that home care job vacancies are falling—something I hear when I speak to home care providers.
Looking ahead to next winter, I want every local authority to have enough home care on hand.
That is why I emphasised the importance of home care when we distributed £600 million of discharge funding to local councils and NHS organisations in April.
We are asking all local authorities to plan ahead and book enough home care in advance for this coming winter.
Is this not the very day to thank our care workers up and down the country?
So many families depend on those people who toil away, day by day, visiting houses, often not being paid in between their visits.
Could we look closely at recruitment and the agencies involved?
Let us get real pay for care workers up, now.
I think that every day is a good day to thank our care workers for their skills, compassion and hard work.