What steps he is taking to help improve the effectiveness of brain cancer treatments.
We are working closely with research partners, and although I am pleased to say that more research is being funded, we want to see more research in brain cancer treatments.
We continue to encourage more researchers to become involved in what remains a challenging scientific area, with a relatively small research community, but I am confident that the Government’s continued commitment to funding will help us make progress towards effective treatments.
I thank the Minister for that answer, and I am sure—and I know—he will take this very seriously.
I have had three constituents in the last year come to see me who have suffered serious brain tumours, and they have had a very similar pathway, which is basically that after a certain point there is little the NHS can do for them.
In particular, there is a shortage of neuro-oncologists, and one has spent their life savings on private treatment, even though that was difficult to find.
Is there any hope, in the NHS workforce plan, that there will be more oncology training and more support for neuro-oncology, because the survival rate for this cancer is still woefully low?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her question, and I am sorry to hear of the experience of her three constituents.
There certainly is hope within the long-term workforce plan.
As she rightly alludes to, we are reliant on researchers to submit high-quality research proposals, and that requires clinicians specialising in this area.
It is something I take very seriously, and I would be very happy to work with her on it.
I refer Members to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
My father, the late Alan Bristow, died of a brain tumour in April 2020.
He was 77, and that was incredibly sad, but when a child dies of a brain tumour, it is unbelievably wicked.
Brain tumours are still the biggest killer of young people.
What can the Minister do to  ensure that appropriate funding is being put into research into brain tumours, especially for younger people, and when will the Government respond to the O’Shaughnessy review into clinical trials in the UK, which would help the brain tumour community?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question, and I am sorry to hear of his own personal experience.
He is absolutely right that, in relation to children, I am very keen to find a way forward.
The Government are committed to finding high-quality brain cancer research, and we expect to spend more as new research progresses.
The £40 million of funding announced will remain available, and if we can spend more on the best-quality science, we will do so.
We worked really closely with Lord O’Shaughnessy on his review, we have accepted his recommendations and we have put in £121 million to support it.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
The Minister is aware, I know, of the outstanding campaigning work that my hon.
Friend  the Member for Mitcham and Morden (Siobhain McDonagh)  is doing, not least because of the experience of her sister—our late great friend Margaret McDonagh—with glioblastomas.
Over decades now, we have seen no improvements in outcomes, no drug trials of any seriousness and no mandatory training of oncologists.
I have learned through experience that, when the McDonaghs come knocking, it is best to say yes, and if anyone says no, they will be hit by this unstoppable steamroller.
With that cautionary note in mind, might the Minister be prepared to meet me, my hon.
Friend and relevant stakeholders across the Department, NHS England and the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence to see what more can be done?
There are challenges, I know, but what more can be done to make sure that, for families such as my hon.