With that cautionary note in mind, might the Minister be prepared to meet me, my hon.
Friend and relevant stakeholders across the Department, NHS England and the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence to see what more can be done?
There are challenges, I know, but what more can be done to make sure that, for families such as my hon.
Friend’s and Margaret’s, and for thousands of others each year, glioblastomas are not simply a death sentence?
I thank the hon.
Member for that question and join him in paying tribute to  the hon.
Member for Mitcham and Morden (Siobhain McDonagh) , especially after the tragic loss of her sister, for all the work that she has done in campaigning on this issue.
I have spent significant time on the issue and I have met her,  the hon.
Member for Leicester West (Liz Kendall) , campaigners, charities and other hon.
Members from across the House.
Funding for research is available and, having spoken with the Secretary of State, I know that he is as keen as I am to work with colleagues from across the House.
There are issues that transcend party politics and this is certainly one of them.
I would be very happy to meet the shadow Secretary of State, the National Institute for Health and Care Research, NHS England, the Tessa Jowell Brain Cancer Mission and clinical specialists to find a way forward.
What assessment he has made of the adequacy of treatments for complex mental health illnesses in West Yorkshire.
NHS West Yorkshire integrated care boards have increased their investment in mental health services in line with their overall allocation increase.
They have spent more than £591 million in the past financial year on their mental health services.
I thank the Minister for that answer.
My constituent, Joanne Allotey, has custody of her young granddaughter, who has complex mental health problems, but local mental health services in Leeds are still chronically underfunded after 13 years of Conservative Government cuts.
Will the Minister join me in commending Roundhay high school for the support that it has given the family—this is the same school that the former Prime Minister claimed “let down” children—and commit today to delivering truly effective children’s education, health and care plans?
I absolutely pay tribute to the school in the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency.
I also point out that Red Kite View is a new unit specifically for young people in his constituency.
That 22-bed mental health unit opened last year and aims to eliminate out-of-area placements for young children with mental ill health.
I am sure that he would welcome that investment in his constituency.
The Joint Committee on the Draft Mental Health Bill reported back in January this year.
One of the most important recommendations we made was about how people, during a period of wellness, could set out how they wish to be treated during a period of illness.
The Government have yet to respond to the Joint Committee, but can we have a mental health Bill in the forthcoming King’s Speech, please?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that issue.
There were many recommendations during pre-legislative scrutiny.
We are working through those and we hope to be able to respond fully shortly after the summer recess.
I call the shadow Minister.
As my hon.
Friend  the Member for Leeds North East (Fabian Hamilton)  highlighted, all too often, children are stuck on long waiting lists for treatment.
In West Yorkshire, 30,000 children are currently stuck waiting for mental health treatment, and more than 9,000 people have had their mental health referral closed without accessing treatment.
Does the Minister find that acceptable?
If the answer is no, what will her Government do about it?
This picture is not unique to West Yorkshire, but replicated across England.
This Government are letting patients down.
When is the Minister going to act to tackle the crisis in mental health services?