Let me repeat that in all circumstances, the sovereignty of the UK Parliament would remain unchanged and the UK would retain control of any future decisions around national public health measures.
If he will publish the results of the consultation on giving powers to coroners to investigate stillbirths.
The consultation on giving powers to coroners to investigate stillbirths received 334 responses, including from bereaved parents, charities, the Chief Coroner, clinicians and a range of other organisations.
Mr Speaker, you are very familiar with the problems over the implementation of my Civil Partnerships, Marriages and Deaths (Registration etc) Act 2019, which passed this House in February 2019.
Section 4 remains incomplete.
The consultation was completed in June 2019.
Mr Speaker, you are aware that I made six attempts to get a meeting with the Minister and a Justice Minister.
Eventually, I got it in March, after the Leader of the House intervened.
Four months on, I have heard nothing and the consultation remains unpublished.
What will it take to get this legislation, which everyone wants and which was passed unanimously, into law?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his work in this space and I apologise for the delay in publishing the consultation.
I met him along with a Justice Minister, and I assure him that we hope to publish it very soon.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Last week, on behalf of the Government, I signed a landmark partnership agreement with the pharmaceutical giant BioNTech.
It aims to deliver 10,000 personalised mRNA cancer immunotherapies, including vaccines, to UK patients by 2030.
This work will harness the groundbreaking mRNA technology that BioNTech used in its world-first cancer vaccine.
Cancer vaccines work by stimulating patients’ immune systems to recognise and eliminate cancer cells, preventing their spread.
Trials for BioNTech’s colorectal cancer vaccine are under way at multiple sites across the UK.
To accelerate trials further, BioNTech is partnering with NHS England’s new cancer vaccine launch pad, a platform that makes it easier for both early and late stage cancer patients to join vaccine trials.
In the coming years, hundreds of patients identified by the launch pad will join trials for BioNTech’s personalised cancer therapies, broadening the treatment options available to cancer patients.
I hope the whole House will welcome the opportunity the deal offers future patients.
The announcement that a new hospital between Winchester and Basingstoke is going ahead is much welcomed by my constituents who will use it, as well as by those from other constituencies.
It will provide a centre of excellence with better medical outcomes.
Will my right hon.
Friend meet local MPs, so we can update him on why the hospital needs to be built as soon as possible?
I am always very happy for my hon.
Friend and other colleagues to meet me or Lord Markham, who leads the capital programme.
It is an important scheme.
We are delivering it through the standardised Hospital 2.0 approach, using modern methods of construction.
We are keen to progress early supported works on site, working closely with colleagues.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Last week, the Health Secretary said that he was willing to offer doctors a higher pay rise.
Last night, the Chancellor slapped him down, saying that any increased offer will have to be paid for by cuts.
How can the Health Secretary negotiate an end to the NHS strikes when he cannot even negotiate with his own Chancellor?
We have been clear throughout that Government decisions on the pay review bodies’ recommendations are taken on a cross-Government basis.
The agreement that we reached with the largest group of NHS staff, those on “Agenda for Change”, has demonstrated that we are willing to work constructively with trade union colleagues, but the demand from junior doctors for a 35% increase is not affordable—indeed, the hon.
Gentleman himself has said that he does not support it.