However, as he knows, unless the central bank is obliged to do the same, we might end up in the rather odd and undesirable position of regulators and the central bank taking contradictory actions.
I want to ask mainly about pension reform: under the Mansion House compact, potentially 5% of the DC funds are to go towards unlisted equities.
There is huge potential in that for growth, for innovation, for jobs, for global competitiveness and for scaling up to compete, but that comes with a commensurate risk, which is presumably up to 5% of the value of the DC fund, should the value of that unlisted equity be wiped out.
While I hope the scheme succeeds, what liability would fall on the Pension Protection Fund should it fail?
What liability might there be on the taxpayer?
If the scheme works and the value of the funds increases,  what guarantee is there that the pension holder will receive the entire value of that increase and it will not be gobbled up by unnecessary and excessive fees?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his support for growth and competitiveness.
We have talked regularly about the need for regulators to improve their performance and deliver better outcomes for those whom they regulate.
He talked about the 5%, and I emphasise that, ultimately, it is a voluntary pact; it is for the individual trustees to make those decisions, and the Government continue to have in place a strong programme of regulation.
However, I hope he respects the fact that there is risk in inaction as well—the risk that our pension beneficiaries do not receive the pensions that they deserve or the sort of performance from their pension that other international long-term savers benefit from.
He raises the issue of defined contribution and the liability for the taxpayer.
Of course, that does not attach to defined-contribution schemes, which is why it is so important that they continue to benefit from the highest-quality regulation.
I and my colleague the pensions Minister remain very committed to that and will continue to work with TPR and the FCA to ensure that that remains the case.
I refer the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
Like my hon.
Friend  the Member for West Worcestershire (Harriett Baldwin) , I warmly welcome the work that my hon.
Friends on the Front Bench have done.
The Mansion House compact is a huge step forward, but does my hon.
Friend the Minister agree that getting the Kent investment review reforms right, particularly on unbundling, will also help us to have high-quality research, enabling better decisions and more investment into high-quality firms?
My hon.
Friend, who knows so much about this topic and has engaged so lucidly on it, is absolutely right about the importance of investment research.
It provides access to markets, makes our UK stock exchanges an attractive international venue, narrows spreads and drives fair valuations for investors and companies seeking investment.
This is one example of where we inherited a European fact pattern that was not quite right for the UK.
I look forward to pensioners, investors, savers and companies benefiting from our research review.
I call the Chair of the Work and Pensions Committee.
Defined-benefit pension funds have long been under pressure to invest in Government gilts rather than the productive economy, so I welcome the change of direction that the Minister has announced.
He has indicated how much extra pension fund investment will go into high-growth companies in future.
Will he indicate what share of that he expects to go into UK high-growth firms rather than overseas?
He has indicated, I think, a replacement for the current charge caps on pension funds, with a wider value-for-money assessment, but can he indicate when we are likely to see the detail on what exactly he and the Under-Secretary of State for Work and Pensions,  the hon.