Does the Minister agree that providing state-of-the-art diagnostic care right in the heart of the community can cut NHS waiting lists, reduce carbon emissions and, most importantly, help to optimise health outcomes for patients?
Not only do I agree, but I have been with my hon.
Friend to see this scheme at first hand.
He has championed the scheme vociferously and helped to secure that investment for his constituents.
I look forward to working with him to ensure it is delivered as quickly as possible.
Plans to remove overnight primary care clinicians from Westmorland General Hospital three nights a week are a massive risk to our community and mean that, overnight, people will be reliant on Barrow or Penrith for an out-of-hours doctor.
Will the Secretary of State instruct the ICB to intervene to protect people in South Lakeland from this massive reduction in the quality and accessibility of services?
Some of us remember when the Lib Dems were for greater localism.
One of the things we are looking at is how to empower commissioners, on a place-based basis, to make decisions on where best to place services.
We need to move more services into the community upstream, to address the frail elderly before they get to hospital and to have more community services.
I am happy to look at the specific issue the hon.
Gentleman raises, but I would have thought the Lib Dems would support the general trend of empowering integrated commissioning systems to make place-based decisions.
Several important pharmacies in my constituency, including the one in Hawkhurst, have been experiencing pressures, with long queues of customers sometimes going outside the door.
It is said that access to trained pharmacists is proving very challenging.
Will the Secretary of State comment on the situation and say what steps he might be able to take to alleviate the pressure?
There are a number of measures in the primary care recovery plan, from how we better use the skills mix within pharmacies to how we deregulate some of the tasks that take up pharmacists’ time, such as the requirement for a pharmacist to be present after drugs have already been prepared or to clip out tablets because they do not match the number prescribed by a GP.
There are a number of areas in which we can better use the skills mix, and there are areas where we can take load off pharmacists.
We are also funding additional services through Pharmacy First to support the pharmacy model.
The number of deaths increased by 13.5% in December 2022, particularly around influenza and pneumonia—up by 26.2%—so York’s public health team want to know what the Government are going to do about winter planning and when.
We set out comprehensive plans for winter preparation in the urgent and emergency recovery plan.
Similar to what I said a moment ago, this includes making much better use of community schemes, particularly those targeted at the frail elderly, and making better use of technology through schemes such as virtual wards.
It has also put additional bed capacity into hospitals, with more than £1 billion of funding for 5,000 more permanent beds to help alleviate the pressure on bed occupancy and get flow through hospitals, which is so important to addressing the pressure on ambulances.
I call the Chairman of the Health and Social Care Committee.
Back to NHS dentistry, I am afraid.
Later this week, the Select Committee will publish its report on NHS dentistry services.
Spoiler alert: it will be uncomfortable reading for some.
Will the Secretary of State tell us when and how he plans to bring forward plans for the tie-in of newly qualified dentists?
Could that go hand in hand with a “return to the NHS” campaign for dentists who have already left that part of the service?
It is characteristically astute of my hon.
Friend to zero in on the tie-in, which is an important part of the long-term workforce plan.