That is exactly what we will do.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
Youngsters who try e-cigarettes are at much greater risk of both nicotine addiction and later going on to use tobacco itself, so what consideration have this Government given to banning disposable vapes completely as a way of protecting our young people?
Again, I agree that disposable vapes are a particular concern: in our view, the growth in youth vaping is largely due to the growth in the use of disposable vapes.
That is why we have particularly focused on that issue in our call for evidence, and that is what we are considering.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of guidance issued by District Valuer Services on the availability of city-centre GP premises.
While it is a very long-standing system, we keep the approach to funding for GP premises under review.
We have taken action in the primary care recovery plan to improve access to section 106 funds, so that new homes always come with the GP infrastructure that is needed.
The Secretary of State and his Ministers will know that I first raised this issue in the Chamber on  6 June  this year.
Integrated care boards, GPs, and now the medical property sector are all telling me that the Treasury rules are out of date and are a massive block to securing much-needed primary care premises in the right places, particularly in city centres such as St Albans.
When I have asked the Department via written parliamentary questions for its assessment of how much of a problem this issue is, the Department has told me that it just does not know.
Could the Minister please tell us when he will be speaking to colleagues in the Treasury to resolve this issue, so that we can make sure that GP premises are secured where people need them most?
We talk all the time.
I am conscious that there are 60% more full-time patient-facing staff in the hon.
Lady’s constituency than there were in 2019, which of course puts pressure on premises.
The capital allocation for her local ICB between 2022-23 and 2024-25 was £200 million, so the money is there, but I am happy to continue the conversation about how we get the premises in the places where we need them.
What recent progress he has made on increasing the range of services in pharmacies.
We have already been growing the range of NHS services available in pharmacies: we have set up the community pharmacist consultation service, the discharge medicines service, the new medicine service, the blood pressure check service, smoking-cessation services and the contraception service.
We are now investing £645 million to go further through the new Pharmacy First scheme for common conditions.
I thank my hon.
Friend for his answer, but does he agree that the services offered by pharmacies can be made more efficient?
For example, 62 million prescription items are subject to “split and snip” per year.
That is where, to get the right number of pills, a  pack has to be manually opened up for a couple of pills to be snipped out, then repackaged and relabelled before being reissued.
The spare pills are often thrown away.
Can that system not be better?
My hon.
Friend is completely correct.
That is why at the end of last month we laid a statutory instrument before the House to fix the system, so that pharmacists can spend more time using their skills to provide high-end clinical services and less time snipping blister packs.
Given the national shortage of GPs, does the Minister recognise that there is a potential danger in asking pharmacists to take on the duties of GPs—duties that they are not necessarily qualified to undertake—especially given the already large workload undertaken by pharmacists?
We absolutely recognise the need for patient safety, which is why there will be clear patient group directions and clear pathways about what pharmacists do.