I draw the House’s attention to the fact that I am a trustee of the parliamentary contributory  pension fund.
Forgive me if I am a little sceptical about Government involvement in pension funds.
We have seen how the annual and lifetime allowances, announced at the Dispatch Box by a former Chancellor, have played out.
It was also this Government who took us through McCloud in the public sector.
The Minister said that the average earner who starts saving at 18 could increase the size of their pension pot by 12% over their career.
Can he give the House examples of the assumptions behind that figure, and will he publish the modelling behind it?
The Government Actuary’s Department is the source of those figures, which we published this morning—I draw the hon.
Lady’s attention to that fact.
Clearly, there are a number of assumptions within that.
I do not think it is right to be sceptical.
These are reforms that have been formed with wide consultation, including from across the House.
I hope that we can form a growing consensus so that the industry receives a signal from this place that it is ultimately time to stop talking and to get on with investing.
That is the outcome that we seek.
I welcome the statement, particularly the aim to unlock assets in the local government pension scheme through an acceleration of pooling with the aim of doubling existing investments in private equity to 10%, which could unlock £25 billion by 2030.
Does the Economic Secretary agree that the reforms are a welcome step to improve our growth prospects and boost investments?
I absolutely agree with my hon.
Friend.
The local government pension scheme is a huge opportunity for this country.
In many cases, it is already very progressive.
It is investing in local opportunities and allocating its capital to the sort of private growth assets that we wish to seek.
With £365 billion under management, an increased rate of progress towards asset pooling, which, as the Government have made clear, should attract at least £50 billion, will provide the scale to invest well on behalf of beneficiaries.
That is a great opportunity for us all.
The number of companies listed on the London stock exchange has plummeted to such an extent that the market value of Apple is now greater than the entire FTSE 100.
Recently, Cambridge-based chip giant Arm decided to list in New York rather than in London.
Does the Minister think that the Mansion House compact will reverse the trend of British-based companies deciding to list elsewhere?
Yes.
This is an excellent package, but one way to ensure that investment flows to productive enterprise is to prevent it from being crowded out by growing Government debt, isn’t it?
Our objectives are threefold in that respect: to bear down on inflation; to reduce Government debt, with the benefits that my right hon.
Friend seeks; and to grow the economy.
These are long-term plans and ambitious programmes, and ultimately, the acid test will be how we can grow our economy.
The Minister says that he wants the “best possible outcomes” for pension savers.
The pensions dashboard, which is designed to help pensioners understand their pension’s performance, was promised by Chancellor George Osborne, but it is still delayed.
When will the pensions dashboard be delivered to support UK pensioners?
My hon.
Friend the Minister for pensions is proceeding at pace to deliver that important element in people’s ability to access the most information.
It is just one component.
We want people to have good pension choices and to understand the ways that investments are being made.
The hon.
Gentleman will understand, because we have engaged in the past about pensioners not necessarily having had the best information available to them in a regulated way, that it is better to be right in this case than to be fast.