He has indicated how much extra pension fund investment will go into high-growth companies in future.
Will he indicate what share of that he expects to go into UK high-growth firms rather than overseas?
He has indicated, I think, a replacement for the current charge caps on pension funds, with a wider value-for-money assessment, but can he indicate when we are likely to see the detail on what exactly he and the Under-Secretary of State for Work and Pensions,  the hon.
Member for Sevenoaks (Laura Trott) , have in mind for that?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his contributions on how we can deliver the best pensions for long-term savers.
There are no estimates for the share of the UK.
We are mobilising an additional £50 billion of assets over time.
That is evolution, not revolution.
We would expect—and it is the job of this Government—to present that investment capital with a wave of attractive options across some of the fastest-growing sectors, as the Prime Minister and Chancellor have laid out, and to remove frictions and obstacles as people seek to invest in the UK, creating a conducive environment for that investment but falling short of mandating it, in the knowledge that the allocation to international investments for some of our actively managed schemes already exceeds that of other comparable companies.
On the charge cap, we are this morning publishing a consultation on the new value for money framework.
Clearly, we want to continue ensuring that pensioners benefit from fair charges, but also that that does not come at the expense of the underlying performance that they receive.
I welcome this set of measures, particularly the ending of the packaged retail and insurance-based investment products regime and the introduction of the Mansion House compact, on which some of us have lobbied the Government.
I will share two key concerns with the Minister.
On fintech and early-stage businesses, we have a problem in this country because the pension fund industry has divested itself of UK equities, to the detriment of the London stock exchange and, ultimately, of financial services generally.
It troubles me that that 5% is not focused on early-stage start-ups in the UK, unlike many other domestic pension funds, which do support their own.
More generally, a bigger piece of the jigsaw is missing in my view.
Pension funds have generally divested themselves of UK equities to such a great extent—some estimates suggest a 90% reduction since 2000—that we need to see more encouragement by Government to get the pension funds to use their wealth by putting it into UK equities for the betterment of the UK economy.
After all, they do benefit from tax breaks.
I thank my hon.
Friend for his, as ever, apposite points.
That encouragement is exactly what the proposals are all about: working voluntarily with the sector and encouraging it to lean in.
I want people to see 5% as a potential floor, not a ceiling.
Many will seek to go much further forward.
The broad objective of the Government is to provide good access to capital at every stage of a Government’s life, whether it is our support for the seed enterprise investment scheme, the enterprise investment scheme or the venture capital trust; the expansion of the pool of individual investors who are able to invest directly in the stock market; and some of the opportunities that he talked about, all the way through to ensuring that our listed and private capital markets work extremely well.
That is the objective of the reforms.
I call the Chair of the Public Accounts Committee.
I draw the House’s attention to the fact that I am a trustee of the parliamentary contributory  pension fund.
Forgive me if I am a little sceptical about Government involvement in pension funds.
We have seen how the annual and lifetime allowances, announced at the Dispatch Box by a former Chancellor, have played out.