I am grateful that he has recently confirmed that the funding is secure.
A new business plan is being submitted, including £9 million of enabling funding.
Will he look upon that favourably and swiftly?
As my hon.
Friend knows, I have already met her to discuss this scheme, and the impediment was the business plan that came forward from the local  trust—further work was being done on that.
She is right to highlight our capital investment more widely.
This Government have committed to investing in the biggest ever hospital building programme, with more than £20 billion.
That is in addition to our long-term workforce plan—the first time the NHS has done this—in which we are making a further £2.4 billion of investment.
Is the Minister aware that the NHS North East and North Cumbria mental health and wellbeing hub is due to close this September?
With mental health care in crisis in County Durham, that is an insult to the health and social care staff who desperately rely on those services.
Will the Minister reverse that decision?
There are two issues here.
One is how much investment we are prioritising towards mental health; the other is how local commissioners choose to prioritise services within those communities, and whether we try to run all of those decisions from the centre in Whitehall or embrace the 42 integrated care systems and allow them to make commissioning decisions.
The bottom line is that we are spending much more on mental health, with an increase of £2.3 billion compared with the position four years ago.
That is allowing us to replace 500 dormitory beds and provide 100 mental health ambulances, three new mental health hospitals, 160 projects such as crisis cafés to support accident and emergency, and £75 million to help those with mental health challenges get back into work, which is one of the best prevention measures we can take for people who are suffering with their mental health.
With permission, Mr Speaker, I will update the House on the Government’s latest efforts to make the UK the most open, innovative and competitive financial centre in the world.
We know how important financial and related professional services are to this country.
They employ more than 2.5 million people and generate more than £100 billion in tax revenue.
Two thirds of those jobs lie outside the south-east and London.
As we lay the foundations for long-term growth, it is vital that these sectors continue to succeed.
Last night, at Mansion House, the Chancellor made clear some of the policies that this Government will pursue, building on last year’s Edinburgh reforms.
The full package of policies was published this morning, and I am pleased to share some of them with the House at this first opportunity.
They fall under three themes: first, through a series of measures, improving outcomes for long-term savers and increasing investment in high-growth companies by reforming the UK’s pension market; secondly, incentivising companies to start and stay in the UK by strengthening our position as a listings destination; and thirdly, reforming and simplifying  our financial services rulebook to ensure that we  have the most growth-friendly markets possible, without compromising our commitment to high-quality regulation.
I begin with our pensions market, which is the largest in Europe and worth more than £2.5 trillion.
The market is meant to provide safe retirement income for later life.
In many cases, it does a very good job of that, but it can do so much more.
I pay huge tribute to the Under-Secretary of State for Work and Pensions, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Sevenoaks (Laura Trott) , for her crucial work on this.