It is characteristically astute of my hon.
Friend to zero in on the tie-in, which is an important part of the long-term workforce plan.
Around two thirds of dentists do not go into NHS work after training, so having a tie-in is more pertinent there than it might be elsewhere in the NHS workforce.
I look forward to the Select Committee’s report but, with some of the reforms already in place, we are boosting the number of patients treated.
There were a fifth more dental treatments in 2022 than in the previous year.
We are also making NHS dentistry more attractive with some of the changes to the previous 2006 contract, but we recognise that there is more to do, which is why we will shortly set out our dental recovery plan.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What progress his Department has made on improving access to NHS dentists in North Shropshire constituency.
Last year, we announced a number of reforms to the NHS dental system, making the NHS more attractive and helping patients to access care.
Treatments and dental care delivered in England went up by a fifth between 2021 and 2022.
In North Shropshire, the number of adults seen by a dentist between 2019 and 2022 fell by more than 10%, from 47.5% to 35.4%, and the number of children seen by a dentist in that time has fallen by just about 10%, from 59% to 49.8%.
Constituents report not being able to access a dentist, and are being turned away from their NHS dentists as they seek to take on only private work.
Can the Secretary of State reassure me that he is taking steps to ensure that dentists in rural areas will continue to provide NHS services, because this healthcare problem will continue into the future?
We recognise that we need to do more.
That is why we are making NHS dentistry more attractive by creating more bands of units of dental activity, having a minimum UDA value, and increasing to 110% the amount of activity that dentists can do.
Indeed, Shropshire, Telford and Wrekin NHS trust, for example, was above the national average in the 24 months until June 2022.
We are putting reforms in place to build more capacity.
What steps his Department is taking to reduce waiting times for NHS treatments.
What recent progress he has made on reducing the number of patients waiting more than 18 months for elective care.
The elective recovery plan sets out clear steps to eliminate long waits, and that is supported by £8 billion of revenue funding and £5.9 billion in capital over three years.
The waiting list for elective care has risen to more than 7 million people, including one constituent who is unable to work while waiting months for an orthopaedic assessment, and another who has been waiting three years for a prostate operation.
Both have had to seek emergency care while they wait for an agonisingly long time.
Is it not true that the longer the Conservatives stay in power, the longer patients will wait?
On the last bit of the question, the average waits in Wales are 20.4 weeks as of April, and in England they are 13.8 weeks, which is the exact opposite of the point the hon.
Lady raises.
We are taking action.
We are boosting diagnostic capacity; 111 community diagnostic centres are now open.
We are increasing treatment capacity through our surgical hubs programme.
We are giving patients choice, which is not available in Wales under the Labour Administration—we are giving them more choice.
We are also making better use of the independent sector, which some on the Labour Front Bench support but others do not.
One of my constituents has now been waiting 14 months for a hysterectomy, while another waited years to receive a much-needed hip replacement.
That is way over the 18-week standard set out by the NHS Constitution.