We already have the largest stock market in Europe, and, in 2021, we attracted the most IPOs—initial public offerings—outside the US, but we want the world’s fastest growing companies to grow here and to list here.
We have now published our near-final draft legislation on prospectus reforms, which will create a more effective regime than its EU predecessor, giving companies more flexibility to raise even larger sums from investors more quickly.
We welcome Rachel Kent’s excellent Investment Research Review, which was published this morning, and the Government are accepting all the recommendations made to us.
As we continue to free ourselves from outdated retained EU laws, we have abolished protectionist rules, such as the share trading obligation and double volume cap, so that UK businesses can access the best and most liquid markets anywhere in the world.
Finally, we are ensuring that our financial services sector has the regulatory freedom to innovate at a speed that matches our modern world.
To that end, the House recently passed the Financial Services and Markets Act 2023, which requires our regulators to facilitate growth and international competitiveness alongside their other objectives.
With it, we have published today legislation to repeal almost 100 pieces of retained EU law for financial services that are irrelevant to our markets, such as payment account regulations and long-term investment funds, and we say farewell to the unloved packaged retail and insurance-based investment products.
This is not divergence for divergence’s sake, but sensible reforms working with the sector.
This is a significant body of work.
This Government’s vision for the UK is one of long-term growth, fuelled by strong British finance, providing returns for savers, funding for businesses, and investments for our economy.
That is what we are focused on, and that is what these reforms deliver.
I thank the Minister for an advance copy of his statement.
However, after 13 years of a low growth, low investment economy, these promises are too little, too late.
On this Government’s watch, far too many high growth firms, particularly in the tech sector, have been bought by foreign competitors or have chosen to list in the US, in order to scale-up and grow.
Arm holdings, a UK tech success story, is now set to float in New York rather than in London.
The Chancellor has been completely silent on this.
When alarm bells were ringing, the Ministers shrugged their shoulders.
Capital held in pension funds is vital for the growth of our most innovative companies.
In the US, approximately 70% of venture capital funding comes from pension funds, while in the UK the figure is below 20%.
That is just not good enough.
This Government’s failure to mobilise pension money into productive assets comes at a cost.
British pension savers have not been getting the returns that they should expect.
It seems that a person is more likely to own a share in UK infrastructure today if they are a Canadian teacher rather than a British citizen.
Time and again, the Conservative party has promised action to unlock the patient capital that British firms need to thrive and grow, but has failed to deliver.
There would surely be greater confidence given to savers, growing firms and financial services if the Government had provided more detail yesterday on how to turn this around.
The Chancellor’s compact for DC pension funds lacks any plan to ensure that this will increase investment in UK assets rather than simply going overseas.
What guarantee can the Government provide that British high growth firms will be able to access the capital they need to thrive and create good jobs in every part of the UK?
With no clear roadmap, how will that be achieved?
I turn to what the Chancellor said last night about wanting to make London a listings destination.
It is as though his party had not been in government for 13 years now.