We need to have care in discussing these subjects.
Eating disorders are a sensitive subject and the statistics the hon.
Gentleman is quoting are a mix of different things.
I have already talked about the £3,300 of cost of living support that this Government are providing to the average UK household, with more targeted help for more vulnerable households.
It is something we are seized of and are working on.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
Millions of people with disabilities or serious medical conditions rely on specialist equipment, such as ventilators or home dialysis, which personally costs them more money to run, while giving considerable savings to NHS hospitals.
Will the Minister urge Cabinet colleagues in the Department for Work and Pensions to help to tackle health inequalities by ensuring that those people receive a fair and timely reimbursement for those additional costs, which are essential to run the equipment to help keep them alive?
Absolutely.
We are conscious of the additional needs of people who have equipment like that.
By the end of June, the Government had covered nearly half of a typical household’s energy bill through the support schemes we put in place, but we are always looking at what more we can do to help vulnerable households.
What assessment his Department has made of the potential impact of primary care service closures on public health.
Each integrated care board is required to ensure access to GP services for all.
Overall, more people are being seen in general practice than ever before—about 10% more than before the pandemic—but where some practices close, the local ICB has to ensure that patients are transferred smoothly to other practices.
Park View medical centre in West Derby, one of the most deprived areas of my city, is facing imminent closure, and there has been a lack of transparency and accountability throughout the process when dealing with the ICB to get the decision reversed.
In the Minister’s reply to my letter, he said it was essential that, if a GP surgery closes, it does not lead to a reduction in the quality of care for patients in the locality.
Park View patients have been clear that dispersal to other surgeries would be catastrophic, especially when all GPs are already facing huge pressures.
Will the Minister urgently intervene to halt the closure due to the legal insufficiency of the consultation process and meet me and patients?
I have looked carefully at that case, on which the hon.
Gentleman has been campaigning.
The incumbent provider chose not to bid for the future contract for Park View medical centre, and NHS Cheshire and Merseyside decided that the best thing was to help patients to transfer to neighbouring practices.
Patients  will only be transferred to practices rated as good, and there are 10 other practices rated as good within a 1-mile radius of Park View.
Since 2019, there has been an increase in the number of patient-facing staff of about 50% in the constituency.
That means there are more people in his GP surgeries.
We are working hard to ensure high-quality GP services in his constituency.
Health is devolved to Labour in Cardiff.
Ynys Môn is represented by five Members of the Senedd, yet health represents a third of my postbag, particularly relating to access to primary care in Holyhead.
Does the Minister agree that families in Holyhead are not getting the healthcare they need and deserve?
Yes, it is true, I am afraid.
People are about twice as likely to be waiting for treatment in the Welsh NHS.
Waits are also longer in Wales, with 30,000 people waiting more than two years for treatment, even though those have been eliminated in England.
England spends more on general practice than Scotland or Wales, despite the fact that Wales has 20% more funding, and England has also grown spending on general practice faster than either Scotland or Wales.