Will the Minister make representations to his colleagues at the Department for Work and Pensions about increasing support for low-income households, thereby improving public health outcomes for all?
It is to protect public health that we have provided cost of living support worth £3,300 on average per household, and that is why we have been paying about half of people’s average electricity and other energy bills.
However, we always look at further things we can do to drive improvements in public health.
What steps is the Department taking to prevent chronic kidney disease, given that the recent report published by Kidney Research UK predicts a significant rise in cases of kidney failure in 10 years’ time?
In the last three years, the National Institute for Health and Care Research has invested more than £30 million in kidney disease research.
NHS England is following a   national approach to reduce healthcare inequalities, with a specific focus on some of the risk factors for kidney disease, such as chronic respiratory disease.
As diabetes is the most common cause of kidney disease, it will be a focus of our major conditions strategy.
Four in 10 people who visit low vision clinics have been diagnosed with clinical depression.
It is vital that blind and partially sighted people have access to psychological therapies throughout their sight loss journey to address the impacts.
However, National Institute for Health and Care Excellence guidance does not include psychological support in the eye care pathway.
Will the Secretary of State commit to reviewing the NICE guidance to ensure that psychological therapies are integrated into the eye care pathway?
The hon.
Lady raises an important issue.
I would be keen to take it away and look at it to see how we can work together to pick it up.
Many of my constituents are still struggling to get NHS dental appointments, so what is happening right now—this week, this month—to increase the availability of NHS dental appointments for them?
I know how intensely my hon.
Friend is campaigning on this issue.
The amount of NHS dentistry being delivered has gone up by a fifth over the last year, partly as a result of the reforms we are already rolling out.
He will have seen in the workforce plan that we are going to increase training places for dentists by 40% so that we have the NHS dentists we need.
However, that is not all we will do, and our forthcoming dental plan will take further steps.
We have known for a while that our life expectancy is shorter than it was in 2010.
However, we are now seeing impacts on children in the UK, who are about 7 cm shorter at five compared, for example, with the children of our neighbours in Holland.
What is the Secretary of State doing on this issue, and will he support the all-party parliamentary group on health in all policies in assessing the impacts on health and health inequalities?
Of course we are taking action to improve public health, and that includes children’s nutrition.
That is why we are spending £150 million on healthy food schemes, such as the school fruit and vegetable scheme, the nursery milk scheme and Healthy Start.
It is also why we are investing £330 million a year in school sport and the PE premium and a further £300 million through the youth investment fund.
We will continue to take action on this key issue.
I am delighted that a new diagnostic centre is shortly to be built at our terrific Woking Community Hospital, very close to Woking town centre.
Does the Minister agree that providing state-of-the-art diagnostic care right in the heart of the community can cut NHS waiting lists, reduce carbon emissions and, most importantly, help to optimise health outcomes for patients?
Not only do I agree, but I have been with my hon.
Friend to see this scheme at first hand.