People are about twice as likely to be waiting for treatment in the Welsh NHS.
Waits are also longer in Wales, with 30,000 people waiting more than two years for treatment, even though those have been eliminated in England.
England spends more on general practice than Scotland or Wales, despite the fact that Wales has 20% more funding, and England has also grown spending on general practice faster than either Scotland or Wales.
We are highly focused on getting good primary care services in England.
There are always lessons that we can learn from each other, but there are definitely lessons that Welsh Labour can learn from the English NHS.
What steps his Department is taking to create a vaccine development and evaluation centre.
The vaccine development and evaluation centre, backed by £65 million for state-of-the-art facilities, at the Porton Down site has been operational since early last year.
It supported the autumn vaccine roll-out and the spring vaccine roll-out earlier this year.
In November 2021, Dame Kate Bingham rightly called the decision to withdraw support for the Valneva whole virus vaccine “inexplicable” because a broad portfolio of vaccines is important as we move forward against future variants.
The British Society for Immunology states that there is an urgent need for second and third-generation covid vaccines, including universal mucosal vaccines with longer-lasting protective immunity.
With growing public concern and mounting clinical and scientific evidence of vaccine injury from mRNA, why is the UK not seeking to harness the power of all technologies instead of establishing an inexplicable exclusive relationship with Moderna?
I confirm to the hon.
Gentleman that, in the recent spring campaign, we deployed four approved vaccines—Pfizer-BioNTech, Moderna, Novavax and Sanofi-GSK—as part of our roll-out.
We are using a range of vaccines to protect us from the pandemic.
Whether his Department has made an assessment with Cabinet colleagues of the potential impact of the availability of housing on young people’s mental health.
We are working with a number of Government Departments, including the Department for Work and Pensions and the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities, to tackle the effect of housing insecurity on young people’s mental health.
The mental health of young people is being impacted by the fact that net migration is far too high and we are not building nearly enough houses.
The Government need to take action on that, but young people worry that, with an ageing population, the health service will not be able to provide for them in future.
May I commend to the Minister the excellent paper published by the former Labour Prime Minister Tony Blair, which suggests things such as co-payments and personalised apps?
Would it not be ironic if a former Labour Prime Minister were more radical on reform of the NHS than a Conservative Government?
Actually, under this Government, last year, the number of first-time buyers passed the 400,000 mark, which is the highest number in 19 years.
I will not take any lectures from a former Labour Prime Minister because when Labour was in government it saddled the NHS with a £10 billion failed IT system that never saw the light of day, an £80 billion failed private finance initiative contract that NHS trusts are still paying for, and a GP contract that enabled opt-out at weekends and evenings, which patients still suffer from.
Today marks the three-year anniversary of the death of Tom Pirie, who tragically took his own life just days after being assessed as at low risk of doing so by his counsellor.
Over the last few years, I have been working with Tom’s father Philip on his campaign to improve suicide risk assessment procedure, particularly in view of the upcoming 10-year suicide prevention strategy review.
Will the Minister join me in paying tribute to Tom’s life and Philip’s excellent work in his memory by providing us with an update as to when we can expect the review to be published?