Lady raises, as the Under-Secretary of State for Health and Social Care, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Harborough (Neil O’Brien)  said a moment ago, we are providing significant support for households—over £3,300 in support—but we also have measures that target schools, including holiday support measures and wider health and wellbeing measures, such as our significant investment in school sport.
The Minister is fully aware of Bupa’s decision to close its dental clinic in York, at Holgate Park.
I put on record my thanks to him for working with me to find a solution for those constituents affected by the decision.
What is being done to reassess out-of-date dental contracts, so that we can ensure that increased demand is met and that my constituents get the access to dental care that they deserve?
We are taking action, which is why the Under-Secretary of State for Health and Social Care, my hon.
Friend the Member for Harborough met my hon.
Friend recently.
In his area of Humber and North Yorkshire, there has been an increase in the number of children seen by NHS dentists over the previous 12 months, so the picture is improving, but we recognise that there is more to do; that is why we have made a number of reforms to the dental contract and why we will announce further plans shortly.
A recent freedom of information request by the Labour party revealed that mental health patients were left waiting more than 5.4 million hours for treatment in A&E last year.
Last week, one of my constituents spent five days in A&E waiting for a bed on a psychiatric ward.
When will the Government bring an end to this shameful situation?
We are taking significant action on mental health, which is why we are investing £2.3 billion more, compared with four years ago.
We have targeted measures as part of our urgent and emergency care recovery plan, including 100 mental health ambulances.
We are putting in additional capacity, such as crisis cafés, to support emergency departments.
We are also making mental health support available through 111 for the first time, which will allow us to get to issues early, before people are admitted to hospital.
I was delighted when the Government awarded Stockton a new £25 million diagnostic hub, but my local Labour council, which is a partner in delivering the project, appears happy to accept months of delays in completing it.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that Labour’s delays could cost lives?
Will he work with me to ensure that all partners understand the urgency of the project?
That is hugely frustrating, because I know how hard my hon.
Friend campaigned for the Stockton community diagnostic centre and that he recognises the urgency of increasing diagnostic capacity locally.
Delivery plans have to be agreed at a local level, so I urge Stockton council to work with him to meet the ambitious timeline and get Stockton CDC open as soon as possible.
A recent report by the Trussell Trust warns that people facing hunger are more likely to be affected by spiralling debt and a decline in their physical and mental health.
The same report shows that one in seven people in the UK faced hunger in the last year due to a lack of money.
Will the Minister make representations to his colleagues at the Department for Work and Pensions about increasing support for low-income households, thereby improving public health outcomes for all?
It is to protect public health that we have provided cost of living support worth £3,300 on average per household, and that is why we have been paying about half of people’s average electricity and other energy bills.
However, we always look at further things we can do to drive improvements in public health.