Friend is right that the dangers faced by people, particularly children, when they cross the channel are extremely grave.
This Government are absolutely determined to break the business model of the people smugglers, so protecting our borders and stopping lives, including young lives, being put in such danger.
Will the Solicitor General commit to working across Cabinet to publish the number of people smuggling cases that have collapsed before trial over the past five years, and the reasons why they have collapsed?
I think this is important to look at, and I want to highlight that the CPS is taking considerable action to prosecute these offences.
We have given the CPS extra funding to increase its capacity to work on Border Security Command cases, and the money will allow the CPS to recruit additional staff in the areas at the frontline of combating organised immigration crime.
I thank the Solicitor General for what she is personally trying to do, and indeed the rest of the Government.
If we are to prosecute people smugglers effectively, we need global action.
May I focus her attention on the Republic of Ireland?
We have a porous border between Northern Ireland and the Republic, and the people smuggling gangs are using that without any inhibitions whatsoever.
What has been done with the Republic of Ireland to ensure that that does not happen?
I am more than happy to look at that, but the point the hon.
Member makes about international co-operation is extremely important.
That is why I highlighted our groundbreaking deal with France—it is a deal that the Conservatives were unable to do—which will be absolutely key to stopping people crossing the channel.
I call the shadow Solicitor General.
I completely disagree with what the Solicitor General has said about the previous Government’s record in this area, and it is a bit rich in view of her Government’s record over the past 12 months.
Reports reveal that Ministers will soon replace immigration judges with professionally trained adjudicators.
We are told that is to tackle the 51,000 case appeal backlog, which will of course involve cases of people smugglers.
Can she please confirm how long it will take to put that in place and whether it will require primary legislation?
The Conservatives left us with a borders crisis, and we are fixing it.
The shadow Solicitor General said that we are setting up a new independent body to clear appeals more quickly, and that is exactly what we are doing.
We have doubled the number of asylum decisions already: we are sorting out their mess.
Figures are going up and up and up, and the Solicitor General knows that.
Can she confirm who these adjudicators will be—it would be lovely if she  would answer the question—and will existing first-tier tribunal judges of the immigration and asylum chamber be eligible to apply?
As I said, we are setting up a new independent body to clear appeals more quickly.
We are clearing up the Conservatives’ mess, and the Home Secretary will bring forward plans in the areas that the hon.
Lady mentions.
What steps the Crown Prosecution Service is taking to prosecute people for grooming gang offences.
What steps the Crown Prosecution Service is taking to prosecute people for grooming gang offences.
The grooming and sexual exploitation of young girls in this country is nothing short of sickening, and the Government are doing everything in our power to secure justice for the victims and protect children from further harm.
The Crown Prosecution Service has significantly increased prosecutions for child sex offences and recently secured convictions against three offenders for truly hideous crimes going back to 1999.