I join her in expressing sympathy for all those who have been affected and I thank all those involved in fighting those fires.
This is a cross-governmental issue.
Wildfire and fire and rescue services are the responsibility of the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government, but my hon.
Friend will be aware that we have been consulting on ending locational burning to improve moorland resilience to wildfire.
We know that restoring peatlands with diverse plant species prevents the over-dominance of heather and molinia, which dry out peat and increase the risk of fire.
Frankly, recent wildfires show just how degraded our peatlands have become.
I join  the hon.
Member for Scarborough and Whitby (Alison Hume)  in paying tribute to the firefighters, farmers, gamekeepers and everybody who has taken part in fighting the moorland fires in North Yorkshire, just over the border from my constituency.
Does the Minister agree about the huge importance of managing moorland?
Managed burning of moorland not only improves the ecological status of the moorland, but reduces the threat of wildfire.
I absolutely agree with the hon.
Gentleman and that is why the consultation has been taking place.
These are complicated issues, and sometimes controversial, but we all want to get those moorlands into a state where we are not subject to these dreadful fires.
I call the shadow Minister.
The thanks of Conservative Members go out to all the emergency services, our mighty farmers and gamekeepers who have been consistently fighting the horrendous blaze on the North York moors.
The Secretary of State is currently pushing a dangerous proposal to ban a vital conservation and land management measure through eliminating the use of controlled burning of heather on moorlands, which manages fuel load and helps to prevent out-of-control fires.
Does the Minister now recognise that if the Government’s burning ban and deep peat changes go ahead, they will be responsible for more uncontrollable and far more damaging wildfires that negatively impact wildlife, our precious peatland and rural businesses?
No, I do not agree with the shadow Minister.
I have chosen my words carefully: this is a complicated set of issues, we are consulting and we will be coming back with our proposals shortly.
What steps he is taking to help tackle water pollution on the Dorset coast.
My hon.
Friend showed me the scale of pollution on the Dorset coast and I share his determination to put a stop to it.
This Government are fixing the broken sewage pipes that are responsible for this pollution, funded by £104 billion of private investment that we have helped to secure.
Over the next five years, that will fund Wessex Water, in his area, to cut storm overflow spills by 43%—a major milestone towards cleaning up for good beautiful places in his constituency, which I had the pleasure of visiting with him, such as Bournemouth beach and Hengistbury.
I thank the Secretary of State for his answer and for his two visits to Bournemouth.
People still talk happily about his visit to the Hengistbury Head Outdoors centre.
I met recently with constituents in Bournemouth East who are calling for nationalisation as a way to improve accountability and investment in the water industry.
How does the Secretary of State see a path towards nationalisation sitting within his wider efforts to protect our waters?
Nationalisation is not the answer, because it would require handing over more than £100 billion to water company owners that could only be raised through higher taxation or cuts to vital public services.
It would also take years of legal wrangling that would see the brakes slammed on investment, causing pollution to get worse and, ultimately, lead to higher bills for customers.
This Government are taking the fastest possible route towards cleaner water and fairer bills.