The Conservatives have a go at her because she is so bloody good at her job.
Yet again, the shadow Leader of the House comes here and talks about the economy and the Budget, but another year has gone by and we have still had no apology from him or his Front-Bench colleagues for the state they left the country’s finances in.
Let us just remind ourselves about that.
They left a huge black hole in public spending, high levels of debt and borrowing, and living standards that had, for the first time in history, fallen during a Parliament.
He is always very selective in his use of statistics; he did not mention that the British economy has grown faster than all other G7 countries in the first half of this year, or that mortgages are now at a five-year low.
After a decade and a half of poor productivity because of a lack of investment, we are now powering up this country and investing in the new jobs of the future around the country, with jobs coming every day.
The Chancellor will set out the Budget in the usual way, but she has made clear that most of the speculation is quite honestly damaging rubbish.
Let us not forget that we are now coming up to the three-year anniversary of the disastrous Liz Truss mini-Budget.
I think I remember that the shadow Leader of the House being the Financial Secretary to the Treasury at that Budget.
When Governments lose confidence and take irresponsible decisions, the poorest in society pay the heaviest price when the economy crashes.
We will take absolutely no lectures from the Conservatives.
The shadow Leader of the House wanted to talk about the performance of the Government over the summer, but he did not.
Let us be honest: the Leader of the Opposition does not need a reset but a full-blown resuscitation—her party spent most of the summer checking whether she had a pulse or not.
The truth is that her leadership, like the future of the Conservative party, is, quite frankly, at death’s door.
The SNP-led Glasgow city council is proposing to introduce a car tax on East Renfrewshire motorists, so that every time my constituents enter Glasgow city, they would have to pay a fee.
Could she make time for a debate on the enormous levels of waste by the SNP Government on things like Barlinnie Prison, which is 10 times over budget, or the ferries that went nowhere, so that we can tell the SNP to stop wasting our money and get out of the pockets of East Renfrewshire motorists?
I know what an issue parking charges can be in city centres, such as my own.
My hon.
Friend is right: that would make a really good topic for a  debate.
Let us have a look at the performance of the SNP Government in Scotland.
They have had the biggest settlement ever in Scotland.
What are they doing with that money, and how are they serving the people of Scotland?
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Yesterday at Prime Minister’s questions, the Prime Minister told the leader of my party, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston and Surbiton (Ed Davey) , that the situation in Gaza was “horrifying” and “a man-made famine”.
We agree.
More than 60,000 Palestinians are estimated to have been killed in the conflict.
Just yesterday, five adults and a child were reported to have died of malnutrition, as a direct consequence of the Israeli Government’s man-made famine and illegal restrictions on aid entering the strip.
It has been the deadliest war ever for journalists, with at least 192 killed by Israeli forces, according to the Committee to Protect Journalists, and 20 Israeli hostages are still thought to be alive and brutally held by Hamas terrorists.