More than 80 colleagues are bobbing.
Unless Members are short in their contributions, they are denying others the opportunity to get in.
Many parameters of the fair funding review will address social injustices in our communities, but places like York will lose out significantly.
It is already the lowest-funded unitary authority in the country, the Lib Dem council previously spent all the reserves and we cannot afford to make further cuts.
Will the Leader of the House ensure that local authorities that are going to lose out under the fair funding review can meet the Minister and have discussions before the parameters are published?
I thank the hon.
Lady for raising the issues around fair funding.
I know this is a really important matter for a number of colleagues.
She will be aware that the Deputy Prime Minister has ensured a record local government funding settlement, but the hon.
Lady is absolutely right: the devil is in the detail and we need to ensure that funding follows need.
I will certainly arrange for her to have a meeting with the Minister.
We all deal with Department for Work and Pensions casework through our teams, but in North East Fife we are  seeing a transition to universal credit that means that vulnerable constituents—often those with dyslexia or learning disabilities —are really struggling.
They are not being offered the enhanced support journey, and all are suffering due to departments not communicating and miscalculations.
Can we have a debate in Government time on this issue, which I am sure affects MPs from across the House?
I am sorry to hear about the cases in the hon.
Lady’s constituency.
I am sure the issues will be familiar to other hon.
Members, especially those representing constituencies in Scotland.
I am happy to facilitate a response from the Minister, so that we can make sure that the necessary steps are in place to alleviate the situation.
Libraries are vital spaces for learning, inclusion and communities.
As Lindley library in my constituency marks 150 years, we celebrate its role in enriching lives and preserving local heritage.
I hope the Leader of the House will join me in wishing the library a happy birthday and every success for its open day next week.
Can we have a debate in Government time on how we can better support libraries, like the one in Lindley, to grow and adapt for future generations?
Libraries are vital to our communities and high streets, and they provide people with access to knowledge and information, as they have done in decades gone by and will do in decades in the future.
I support all my hon.
Friend’s efforts to support Lindley library in his constituency.
A month ago, I met Oliver Robinson from the British Trout Association.
The association has produced an excellent report on the trout farming industry in the UK, but Oliver is struggling to get engagement from Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Ministers.
I tried to ask the Secretary of State about this in DEFRA questions earlier, but it would be much appreciated if the Leader of the House could make representations and try to set up that vital conversation.
I am happy to help facilitate a conversation with the relevant Minister about trout farming.
Under the Conservatives, 53% of buses were cut in my constituency, including the SL1 tram link bus, leaving many of my constituents unable to go to work or school in Sheffield.
Thanks to our better buses Bill and the work done by our Labour mayor, Oliver Coppard, our buses are being brought back under public control.
Will the Leader of the House advise me how I can work with Ministers, our Labour mayor and Sheffield city council in order to reinstate the vital SL1 tram link bus?
I am sorry to hear that the SL1 route was scrapped under the previous Government.
My hon.