Will the Leader of the House advise me how I can work with Ministers, our Labour mayor and Sheffield city council in order to reinstate the vital SL1 tram link bus?
I am sorry to hear that the SL1 route was scrapped under the previous Government.
My hon.
Friend makes a very strong case for our buses Bill and all the actions that we are taking to ensure that buses serve their local community, and are affordable and reliable.
When such powers are used, we see a massive increase in the use of buses.
As I have said many times in this place, at Dounreay we have a highly skilled workforce, a licensed nuclear site and a local population who support the nuclear industry.
Rolls-Royce has told me that it is very interested in placing its prototype advanced modular reactor at Dounreay, and yet we know that the Scottish National party Government in Edinburgh will block that with their planning powers.
What advice does the Leader of the House have for me?
Will she facilitate a meeting with Ministers to try to get rid of this roadblock?
As ever, the hon.
Gentleman is a strong advocate for jobs and businesses in his constituency.
He knows that this Government are committed to new nuclear power and to the most ambitious nuclear programme in a generation.
I am really sorry to hear that the SNP Government are, as ever, likely to set themselves against this new investment and against new job opportunities in Scotland.
Frankly, that is a pattern that we are seeing time after time, and I join him in calling on them to look again.
It was a very busy summer recess in Newcastle-under-Lyme, with 70 engagements in 34 days; my office was delighted to put me on the train on Monday.
One of the highlights was attending the 50th anniversary celebrations of the Newcastle-under-Lyme branch of the Royal Air Forces Association.
Will the Leader of the House join me in paying tribute to the branch, its officers and its volunteers for the care and compassion that they show to our vets and their families, and send them a happy anniversary?
As someone who follows my hon.
Friend on social media, I know that he has had a very busy recess, as have many colleagues; I have looked on jealously at many of the visits that people have been doing over the summer recess.
I join him in congratulating the Royal Air Forces Association branch in his constituency on all that it does.
I will be short, as I already am.
Can we have a debate about delays in obtaining driving tests?
There is a growing problem with unscrupulous operators using bots to sweep up months’ worth of tests then selling them back to very frustrated parents and students at a profit.
The Driving and Vehicle Standards Agency seems to be in denial about this issue.
Can we have a debate in Parliament and try to fix this problem?
As ever, the right hon.
Gentleman is a very big presence with his short question.
He raises a topic that I know we all get many emails and complaints about.
The Secretary of State for Transport has given an update to the House on these issues, and we are delivering 10,000 additional driving tests.
The right hon.
Gentleman raises an important issue about how bots and others are using technology to secure those tests, and I will ensure that he gets a full response.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in thanking Tina Simpson and her team at the Loco Centre in Netherfield, as well as Nathan Kenney and Mapperley All Stars, for their brilliant work this summer in delivering the holiday activities  and food programme in Gedling?
Will she also welcome its very much-needed extension for three years by this Labour Government?
That was the hon.
Member’s first business question.
That was my hon.
Friend’s first business question!