As I said, on taking office we took immediate action, and not only in relation to sitting days.
We have also committed to investing up to £92 million more a year in criminal legal aid, and we are taking action to ensure that there are more specialist counsel available, too.
I call the Chair of the Justice Committee.
Last year, 446 Crown court trials were ineffective because the prosecutor failed to attend.
Given that the Government are getting to grips with the backlog they inherited by increasing sitting days and through Brian Leveson’s proposals, is the Solicitor General concerned that the CPS also needs to step up to the plate?
What is she doing to ensure that that happens?
The CPS is indeed stepping up to the plate to play its role in reducing the backlog.
In line with the Government’s manifesto commitment, the CPS is exploring options for expanding the role of non-legal resources to support the system.
It has also set up the surge team that I referred to.
I can also confirm that the CPS is working with the judiciary, His Majesty’s Courts and Tribunals Service and other criminal justice system stakeholders on a range of local initiatives, including a trial blitz, case resolution courts and weekly listing meetings.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to introduce a duty of candour.
I know how much work my hon.
Friend has been doing to support justice for Hillsborough families and indeed to push for a Hillsborough law.
As she knows, I am unable by convention to disclose whether the Law Officers are advising the Government—nor, of course, the content of any advice—but I know that colleagues are working to bring forward a Hillsborough law as soon as possible.
The families have been campaigning for a Hillsborough law for 36 years, and their demand has always been clear: a law with a duty of candour at its heart.
There have been too many broken promises and missed deadlines.
Can the Solicitor General tell me when the Government will bring forward the Hillsborough law?
Will it honour the promises made to victims of state cover-ups and finally deliver justice for the 97?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question.
She has been a resolute and steadfast champion for the Hillsborough families, and indeed for the justice she referred to.
As she knows, the Government, including the Prime Minister, have been working closely with the families, and I can confirm that the draft Bill will include a statutory duty of candour for public servants, with criminal sanctions for those who do not comply, and measures to decisively tackle the disparity between the state and bereaved families at inquests.
As to timing, I know that everyone is working extremely hard to get the legislation right.
The Government hope to be in a position to introduce a Bill to Parliament very soon.
What steps she is taking to help ensure that the UK upholds international law.
The hon.
Member will appreciate that as a Law Officer I cannot talk about the specifics of legal advice to Government.
However, he will be aware of paragraph 1.6 of the ministerial code that acknowledges   the overarching duty on all Ministers to comply with the law.
That obligation is inherent in all the advice that the Law Officers give to Government.
By the end of September, more than 640,000 Gazans are projected to face catastrophic food insecurity, while the integrated food security phase classification predicts that a further 43,000 Palestinian children will be at severe risk of death from malnutrition by next year.
The Government will have received legal advice regarding the famine in Gaza and Israel’s role in it.
Will the Solicitor General commit to publishing any advice that the Government have received on whether breaches of international law have occurred in the conflict in Gaza?
The hon.