Paul is now preparing for his next challenge.
He plans to climb Mount Kilimanjaro in January, and then to pull a sled for 293 miles across the Arctic frozen tundra in February.
Throughout his journey, Paul has raised thousands for local charities, including £4,000 for Age UK in Sunderland.
Will the Leader of the House join me in congratulating Paul on his bravery and determination, and in wishing him the best of luck for his upcoming endeavours, where he will do not just the north-east proud, but the whole UK?
I absolutely join my hon.
Friend in congratulating Paul on his extraordinary achievements.
Quite honestly, I am exhausted just listening to what he is doing, let alone doing it myself.
I thank the Leader of the House for announcing the Backbench Business for next week.
She will know that 50 Back Benchers were frustrated on Monday that they were not able to debate transport inequalities.
Obviously there were important statements—we understand that—but will she consider giving that debate protected time next week, so that all those who wish to contribute can do so, rather than being confined to about 30 seconds each if the debate is squeezed in next week?
In addition to business in the Chamber, there will be a debate on the hydrogen supply chain next Tuesday in Westminster Hall.
On  Thursday 11 September , there will be two debates: one on improving regulations for non-surgical aesthetic and cosmetic treatments, and one on consumer affairs.
On behalf of the Backbench Business Committee, I ask for early notice of the business we will be allocated in the week when we come back after the conference season, so that we can allocate time for many of the debates that are waiting.
Next week the London underground network is likely to grind to a halt, as the trade unions are calling out individual sections throughout that week.
The last time the unions went on strike, the Labour Mayor of London had to find £30 million to buy them off.
The Transport Secretary has long experience, having been Deputy Mayor for Transport in London, but as far as I am aware, she has not uttered a single word about what will happen next week.
Will the Leader of the House encourage the Transport Secretary to come to the House and let us know what will happen in London next week if the strike goes ahead?
I know we have Transport questions next Thursday, but frankly that is too late.
I welcome the Chair of the Backbench Business Committee back after recess, and thank him for announcing the forthcoming Backbench Business.
I recognise the disruption to those who wanted to speak on Monday in the debate on transport inequality, which was sponsored by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Derby North (Catherine Atkinson) , and I am pleased that has been rescheduled for Thursday.
I am happy to look at protecting time for that, so that Members can be confident about their contributions in what is obviously a well-subscribed debate.
On the tube strikes, nobody wants to see strike action in London.
It is incredibly disruptive for commuters and businesses.
As ever, the Government—and, I am sure, the Mayor of London—call on Transport for London and the unions to get back round the table so that those strikes do not go ahead next week.
I am becoming increasingly concerned about the level of fraud facing individuals and businesses in the UK.
Fraud accounts for over 40% of all crime, from online and push payment fraud, to phishing, vishing and smishing, to name just a few schemes.
I have even seen examples of businesses in my constituency being hit by various Companies House scams.
Will the Leader of the House grant a debate in Government time to discuss how we can tackle these challenges moving forward?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise such issues.