In the real world, it seems that those of us poor souls who actually do pay tax are about to be confronted with a massive tax-raising Budget, perhaps with a particular focus, it has been rumoured in the media—or kites have been flown—on property taxes.
Last year, the Chancellor increased spending by £70 billion, funding half of that through taxes and half through increased borrowing.
Of course, it seems that the only person who will not be paying more tax is the Deputy Prime Minister.
I like and rather admire the Deputy Prime Minister—uniquely among the Government, she at least has a policy of trying to reduce taxes.
We just heard the Solicitor General talk about Government taking a strict line on fraud; I did not hear so much about taking a strict line on tax fraud—[Interruption.]
Or potential tax fraud, but we now have a situation in which the Deputy Prime has tried to dodge paying £40,000 in tax on her third home after demanding that previous Ministers should resign over tax scandals.
It appears that she failed even to look at His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs guidance on the internet as to whether higher rate stamp duty was payable.
That guidance is readily available and is straightforward.
It is hard to imagine that any qualified tax adviser—let alone any individual seeking to question their own tax arrangements—would not have taken a look or know about it.
The Deputy Prime Minister signed a deed for what appears to be an off-the-shelf trust scheme from Shoosmiths, the solicitors.
Was that crafted to avoid tax?
We need to know more about what disclosures she made to the civil service about her three homes, what review was carried out and what advice she was offered.
I hope the Prime Minister’s adviser will look at those issues, in addition to all the other issues he is looking at.
Does the Leader of the House believe that Cabinet Ministers—let alone the Deputy Prime Minister of this country—should be using schemes to dodge tax?
Should the Secretary of State responsible for housing be flipping her own main residence to avoid paying tax due on it?
Does she concede that there is the appearance of very serious impropriety about these proceedings?
Does she see how difficult they have made the situation for her colleague, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, who is planning to put a Budget in front of this House that will include tax-raising measures, many of which will likely be focused on property?
Above all, Labour—and every Labour Member stood by this—made a solemn commitment to maintain the “highest standards” in office in its own general election manifesto.
Does the Leader of the House accept that this conduct by the Deputy Prime Minister massively falls short of that, and that it discredits both the Prime Minister and the Government as a whole?
I call the Leader of the House.
Welcome back to you, Madam Deputy Speaker, and all the House staff.
I join the shadow Leader of the House in wishing the Prime Minister a happy birthday for earlier this week.
This summer has been marked by some happy personal events here in the House—no, I am not talking about Taylor Swift’s engagement to Travis Kelce, although I am sure we will all want to wish them a happy engagement.
We have our very own power couples: my hon.
Friends the Members for North East Derbyshire (Louise Sandher-Jones) and for Loughborough (Dr Sandher), who got married to each other over the summer recess.
There are also my hon.
Friend  the Member for Leigh and Atherton (Jo Platt) , who married her long-term partner Ian, and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cardiff South and Penarth (Stephen Doughty) , who married Kristiam this recess.
The happy news does not stop there.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Southampton Test (Satvir Kaur)  had her beautiful baby daughter.