We are working with the sector to make it profitable for the future.
I hate to break it to the Secretary of State, but I suspect I have spoken to far more farmers than he has in the past 12 months.
They do not believe a word he says, because he betrayed what he said to them before the election about the family farm tax.
As for this road map, if farms continue to close—more than half of farmers are thinking of giving up in the next five years because of this Government’s plan—it will be a road map to nowhere.
Yesterday, the Governor of the Bank of England told the Treasury Committee that the rise in food prices was due in part to measures in the last Budget placing higher costs on food businesses.
In light of that and the terrible summer harvest, will the Secretary of State do farmers a favour for once and rule out a new wealth tax on farmland in the next Budget—yes or no?
The causes of food price inflation include rising global energy prices, extreme weather events that have been affecting harvests, as we have already heard, and global supply chain problems, including the Russian invasion of Ukraine.
Those things are affecting food prices right across the country.
As part of the road map, we are working with farmers to ensure more supply chain fairness, so that the producer of origin gets a fairer share of the money that is made through the system for the food that they grow.
That is the best way in which we can support farms to get their fair share of the revenue that comes in for the food they produce.
In my constituency, producers such as Longley farm exemplify British quality.
Its dairy products are globally renowned.
What specific steps is the Department taking to prioritise the purchase and promotion of British produce, ensuring support for domestic farmers, reducing food miles and strengthening the UK’s food security and rural economy?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right, and we should all be proud of high-quality British producers like Longley farm.
That is why, back in July, I announced our food strategy, which will build pride in British food by ensuring we have a food system that backs British food, grows the economy, feeds the nation, nourishes individuals and protects the planet—now and in the future.
Brits chew 4 billion pieces of plastic chewing gum each year.
A single piece releases thousands of microplastics into the body that are linked to cancer, diabetes and strokes.
Will the Government consider commissioning independent research into the environmental and health implications of plastic chewing gum?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her important question, and I share her concern about the risks that microplastics may pose to the environment and human health.
That is why we are looking at all sources of pollution that enter our rivers, lakes and seas, but there is obviously more work to be done to improve our understanding.
The Environment Agency is collaborating with different sectors, including the water industry and National Highways, to increase our evidence base and knowledge of these materials.
May I also express my disappointment about the global plastics treaty?
We were unable to reach an international agreement, but I reassure all Members of the House that the Government remain committed to seeking a global solution to the problem of plastic pollution that we all face.
Erewash’s industrial base was built on the Erewash canal, which is now a lovely leisure spot for my constituents.
But abandoned boats, like the two near Sandiacre lock that sat rotting for over two years, pose serious risks to public safety and local wildlife.
I was very glad to work recently with the Canal & River Trust to get those two boats removed.