More than 60,000 Palestinians are estimated to have been killed in the conflict.
Just yesterday, five adults and a child were reported to have died of malnutrition, as a direct consequence of the Israeli Government’s man-made famine and illegal restrictions on aid entering the strip.
It has been the deadliest war ever for journalists, with at least 192 killed by Israeli forces, according to the Committee to Protect Journalists, and 20 Israeli hostages are still thought to be alive and brutally held by Hamas terrorists.
Across the House, we have begged the Government to do more to help end the conflict, to save the lives of the hostages and Gaza’s civilians.
Indeed, it is something that constituents write to me and undoubtedly all Members about on a daily basis, yet action has been excruciatingly slow.
In July, the Prime Minister set a deadline for further action.
He said that
“the UK will recognise the state of Palestine by the United Nations General Assembly in September unless the Israeli government takes substantive steps to end the appalling situation in Gaza, agree to a ceasefire and commit to a long-term, sustainable peace”.
That deadline is fast approaching: the UN General Assembly convenes in less than a week.
The House should surely have the right to debate and vote on this important step.
Recognising that Parliament will break for conference recess in less than two weeks, will the Leader of the House grant a full debate in Government time before then to show the strength of support for the recognition of the state of Palestine in this House?
I welcome the hon.
Member back from summer recess and look forward to continuing to work with her on the many Committees on which we both sit.
I thank her for raising that very important issue.
Let us be under no illusions: the situation in Gaza is unimaginably bleak.
It is truly horrific, and the horrifying images and accounts we are seeing daily are seared on all our minds as we go about our business.
On top of everything else, after so many civilian deaths and so much destruction, we are now seeing a man-made and wholly avoidable famine and widespread starvation.
The Government are leading international efforts for a peace plan.
That involves the release of hostages, a ceasefire and the huge humanitarian response needed to prevent further death and destruction.
The recognition of Palestine as a state is an important step towards that, which is why the Prime Minister set out those plans as we approach the UNGA later this month.
I have personally long supported the recognition of Palestine, including last time Parliament was asked to give a view on the matter.
On Monday, in a two-hour  statement to the House, the Foreign Secretary updated Members on the steps we are taking to recognise the state of Palestine and made clear that unless the Israeli Government take urgent steps to end the appalling situation in Gaza and commit to a long-term peace, we will make that assessment before the leaders meet at the UN in New York.
We will, as ever, ensure that the House has a full opportunity to continue to discuss and scrutinise these very important decisions.
In February, my constituent’s son, Paul Holborn, won the men’s section of the 777 world marathon challenge.
That is seven marathons in seven continents in seven days.
He topped that off by then running the north pole marathon in July, and achieving grand slam status.
Paul is now preparing for his next challenge.
He plans to climb Mount Kilimanjaro in January, and then to pull a sled for 293 miles across the Arctic frozen tundra in February.
Throughout his journey, Paul has raised thousands for local charities, including £4,000 for Age UK in Sunderland.