Does the Secretary of State agree that the Scottish Government should undertake a full investigation into what happened and ensure that Scottish Water executives are held to account for their failure to act?
I congratulate the hon.
Gentleman on raising that important issue, and I agree with the points he makes.
The SNP Government in Scotland should be taking a much tougher line against such situations, as it is not acceptable.
Levels of pollution in England are bad enough, but under the SNP in Scotland they are even worse, and the SNP Government should be fully ashamed—[Interruption.]
Order.
Let us carry on.
I call Mr Joshua Reynolds.
The public will have been pleased to hear recently about the bonus ban for water company bosses, but they would have been equally surprised to hear that a water company boss in England was awarded a massive pay increase to £1.4 million, with the public being told that that was not a bonus but a two-year long incentive plan.
What further steps can the Secretary of State put in place to ensure that water companies are playing fair, when those are the tactics that they use to circumvent the rules?
The hon.
Gentleman raises an important point, which has been raised in the House before.
That scheme was put in place and relates to years when the Conservative party was in government.
That scheme would not be allowed today.
What steps he is taking to protect households from significant water bill increases.
Customers were hit with outrageous bill increases last year as a direct result of the previous Government’s failure to ensure that water and sewage pipes were properly maintained over the long term.
They deliberately imposed a light-touch approach to regulation that let the system crumble, while investment funding was diverted to line water bosses’ pockets, leaving customers to pay the price.
Our powerful new regulator will get a grip on the sector and ensure the regular maintenance of pipes, so that hard-working British families are never again left to pay the price of under-investment and weak regulation.
In Derby, the proposed water bill increases of about 50% will hit people really hard over the next five years.
It is a bitter pill to swallow, because at the same time as hiking bills, shareholder dividends are being increased and water companies continue to pollute our waterways.
What assurances can the Secretary of State give my constituents that our Government will tackle such hypocrisy head on and, crucially, protect our residents from the water bill increases?
My hon.
Friend is right to advocate so strongly for his constituents in Derby at a time when they are experiencing the cost of living crisis, as others are.
I thank him for his support in blocking the unfair, multimillion-pound bonuses that were previously paid to water bosses.
By ensuring that customers’ money is spent on upgrading the water system, rather than allowing  it to be diverted to bonuses and dividends, he is helping to ensure that the bill hikes that resulted from Tory failure will never happen again.
Unbelievably, the Secretary of State has just doubled down, in the House, on the falsehood that he advanced on  21 July  on “Channel 4 News” that pollution levels are worse in Scotland than they are in England.
I am sure that the Secretary of State does not want to mislead the House.
Will he take the opportunity to correct the record—
Order. “
Falsehood” is not a word we would use.
I am sure more constructive wording could be used.
Thank you for your guidance, Mr Speaker.
The Secretary of State has inadvertently advanced the same argument that he did on  21 July  on “Channel 4 News”.
Will he clarify that pollution levels under publicly owned Scottish Water are substantially better than those under privately owned English water companies?