Lady is seeking.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
As we have heard, this summer has seen wildfires burning across our countryside.
I add my thanks to the emergency services, who were out in force to battle those fires, but so too were farmers, gamekeepers and local volunteers who gave up their time and resources to control the fires and help put them out.
I pay tribute to all of them for their selfless bravery and community spirit.
The fires came at the end of a long period of drought.
Visiting farms this week and earlier in the summer, I saw for myself how food production has been affected.
It is clear that further work is required to support farmers to build on-farm reservoirs and irrigation systems that can sustain their businesses through dry periods, and I have invited the NFU to work with me on that.
I want to use this opportunity, though, to thank farmers for the outstanding work that they do to feed our country through thick and thin.
As we move into autumn, flooding is once again on the minds of residents in Rossendale and Darwen.
This Government have already made vital commitments to our flood defences, but recently some communities have expressed concern that flood modelling is out of date and is either not fully identifying risk areas or identifying risk areas as high-risk that no longer are.
The Environment Agency is aware of that, so will the Secretary of State join me in urging it urgently to prioritise new modelling?
My hon.
Friend makes an important and timely point.
Through the floods resilience taskforce, we are looking at how we can update the modelling to make sure that all areas that need protection will get the investment to do it, because far too many communities are exposed to the dangers of flooding.
That is why we are investing £4.2 billion between 2026 and 2029 to protect our communities and better maintain our flood defences in England.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
May I join the Secretary of State and everyone across the Chamber in thanking the fire services, farmers and rural communities for their hard work and bravery in tackling the wildfires that we have seen this summer?
I am heartened to discover the Secretary of State’s new fondness for farmers.
We will all be listening carefully to his answer to the next question.
With 89% of farmers saying that they have paused or delayed investment because of the Budget, and with food prices rising, record farm closures under his watch, and Labour’s own think-tank admitting that the family farm tax needs changing, will he finally do the right thing, put rural communities above his own ambitions and axe the family farm tax?
First, may I welcome the shadow Secretary of State back to the Chamber?
It was disappointing that she did not bother to turn up for the water statement; I can only assume that she does not care much about the pollution that her party is responsible for across the country.
When it comes to farming, we are working with the farming sector on a road map to bring it back to profitability.
That is the route to ensure that those businesses remain financially viable and successful into the future.
It was her Government who left so many farmers on the brink of bankruptcy, so it takes only small problems to push them over the edge.
Some 12,000 farms closed under the previous Government.
We are working with the sector to make it profitable for the future.
I hate to break it to the Secretary of State, but I suspect I have spoken to far more farmers than he has in the past 12 months.
They do not believe a word he says, because he betrayed what he said to them before the election about the family farm tax.