The hon.
Lady raises a really important point.
Agricultural pollution is incredibly serious, and this Government recognise that.
We have updated the DEFRA statutory guidance for the farming rules for water, and I recently hosted a roundtable with farmers, environmental organisations and the water industry to bring the voices of stakeholders to the fore.
We have committed to including a new regional element in the new regulator to ensure greater involvement in water planning.
By moving to a catchment-based model for water systems planning, we can tackle all sources of pollution entering the waterways, including agricultural pollution.
I have a very keen interest in the River Wye; I went to see it last year, and it is absolutely beautiful.
The hon.
Lady will be well aware of the research project with £1 million of funding that we announced to look into all sources of pollution and what we can do to clean up this beautiful place in our country.
I welcome the fact that the rolling reporting of dry-day spills has become mandatory under our Government, but it has unfortunately laid bare the track record of South West Water, which is among the worst offenders on dry-day spills.
What steps is the Minister taking to ensure that companies such as South West Water feel the full force of the law with regard to dry-day spills?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to be angry about the state in which our rivers, lakes and seas have been left, and I recognise the trouble that a failing water company causes for his constituency.
That is why we have committed to resetting, reforming and revolutionising the water sector and why we are establishing a new, single and powerful regulator that can fully hold all companies to account and ensure that they are delivering for the British people and cleaning up our waterways for good.
Run-off from chicken manure is a particular problem in the bathing waters and rivers in Shropshire.
I have visited both Harper Adams University and LOHAS Fertiliser in my constituency, which have great new technologies to deal with chicken manure, stabilise it and moving that great fertiliser to other parts of the country where it causes fewer problems.
However, they cannot scale up, so what steps is the Minister taking to enable the new technologies that could deal with some of these problems to be scaled up and used across the country?
The hon.
Lady raises a really interesting point—it is perhaps worrying how interested I am getting in what we can do with manure and human waste to provide organic fertiliser in our country.
She has given a brilliant example of what can be done, and I will make sure that the Minister who is responsible for the circular economy, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Coventry East (Mary Creagh) , gets to hear about it and learn more.
What steps he is taking to increase access to the sustainable farming incentive for small and medium-sized farms.
Funding for the environmental land management schemes paid to farmers will increase by 150%, from £800 million in 2023-24 to £2 billion by 2028-29.
Sadly, though, we inherited a set of schemes that did not necessarily distribute funds fairly.
We are working with farmers to reshape the SFI, and further information about our reforms will be provided shortly.
Like the National Farmers Union, I welcome the protections for the agriculture budget in the recent spending review, including crucial funding for sustainable farming.
On visits to farmers in my constituency, the difference this is making is clear: it is investing in our countryside and supporting nature-based farming.
However, far too many farmers on small and medium-sized farms tell me that the scheme is far too difficult for them to access at the moment.