The Government will have received legal advice regarding the famine in Gaza and Israel’s role in it.
Will the Solicitor General commit to publishing any advice that the Government have received on whether breaches of international law have occurred in the conflict in Gaza?
The hon.
Member will appreciate that I cannot comment on any legal advice that may or may not have been given or, indeed, whether it has been sought.
What I can confirm to him is twofold.
First, the Government take their legal obligations extremely seriously.
Secondly, the Government are very clear in our position that the horrors taking place in Gaza need to be brought to an end.
Will the Leader of the House give the forthcoming business?
The business for the week commencing  8 September  will include:
Monday 8 September —Consideration of Lords amendments to the Renters’ Rights Bill.
Tuesday 9 September —Second Reading of the Diego Garcia Military Base and British Indian Ocean Territory Bill.
Wednesday 10 September —Remaining stages of the Bus Services (No.
2) Bill [Lords].
Thursday 11 September —General debate on regional transport inequality, followed by general debate on suicide prevention.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 12 September —The House will not be sitting.
The provisional business for the week commencing  15 September  includes:
Monday 15 September —Consideration of Lords amendments to the Employment Rights Bill.
Tuesday 16 September —Second Reading of the Sentencing Bill.
The House will rise for the conference recess at the conclusion of business on  Tuesday 16 September  and return on  Monday 13 October .
Hon.
Members will also wish to note the written statement made this week confirming that my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor will deliver her Budget statement on  Wednesday 26 November .
I call the shadow Leader of the House.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I hope you and everyone in this Chamber had a very good summer break, with just the right proportions of sun, sleep and family.
If I may, let me start with a double round of congratulations: first, to the Prime Minister on his 63rd birthday this week, putting him squarely in the prime of life; and secondly, to my brilliant colleague, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Berwickshire, Roxburgh and Selkirk (John Lamont) , who has just been appointed to the giddy heights of shadow Deputy Leader of the House.
That is the reshuffle that really matters.
As befits a former lawyer at Freshfields, he will bring his forensic intellect to scrutinising the Government.
I had been planning to talk about the Government’s performance over the summer, taking into account the escalating union demands for pay, the rise in inflation, unemployment and gilt yields, and the record number of small boat crossings in the first half of the year.
I think it is fair to say that the past few weeks have been a total shambles for the Government.
Little wonder that the Prime Minister has undertaken yet another of his performative Government resets to distract the media and the general public.
He insists that everything is  absolutely fine, which is doubtless why it is all being changed round yet again.
They cannot blame these things on the previous Government, though doubtless the Leader of the House will try.
There can, however, be only one topic today, and that is tax.
In the real world, it seems that those of us poor souls who actually do pay tax are about to be confronted with a massive tax-raising Budget, perhaps with a particular focus, it has been rumoured in the media—or kites have been flown—on property taxes.
Last year, the Chancellor increased spending by £70 billion, funding half of that through taxes and half through increased borrowing.
Of course, it seems that the only person who will not be paying more tax is the Deputy Prime Minister.