That is why I have visited two farms already this week and sat down with a group of six farmers to talk about their concerns.
I am more than happy to make sure that the people the hon.
Gentleman has visiting get an appropriate meeting to discuss their concerns.
The Solicitor General was asked—
What steps she is taking to help ensure the effective prosecution of people smugglers.
What steps she is taking to help ensure the effective prosecution of people smugglers.
What steps she is taking to help ensure the effective prosecution of people smugglers.
Anyone involved in the vile trade of people smuggling will be met with the full force of the law.
This year, 67% more offences for facilitating illegal entry into the UK were prosecuted.
I am pleased to tell my hon.
Friend that the Government’s Border Security, Asylum and Immigration Bill will allow for more prosecutions, including by criminalising the creation of online material that facilitates a breach of UK immigration law.
I welcome the Government’s steps to deter people smuggling and end the exploitation of vulnerable people.
I also want to highlight the work that Wolverhampton City of Sanctuary does in my constituency to help refugees rebuild their lives.
As the Home Secretary confirmed only this week, one of the Government’s major reforms is developing controlled and managed routes for genuine refugees.
Does the Solicitor General agree that having safe and legal routes for asylum seekers is a crucial step in undermining the business model of the people smuggling gangs?
Developing controlled and managed routes for genuine refugees is important.
This is one of a host of robust, concrete and practical measures that the Government are taking to crack down on the vile activities of people smuggling gangs.
I contrast our approach with that of the Conservative party, which left us with this borders crisis, and with that of Reform, which is happy to stoke anger but has absolutely no answers.
To stop the small boats, it is crucial that the Labour Government provide global leadership to smash the criminal gangs.
Can the Solicitor General set out the work that we are doing with other countries to secure our borders and end this appalling trade in human life?
My hon.
Friend rightly highlights this Government’s global leadership on these issues, which is part of our plan to fix the borders crisis left to us by the last Government.
We have agreed a landmark deal with France, and we have increased co-operation with Germany and other countries.
We have removed 35,000 people with no right to be here, and increased the removal of failed asylum seekers by 30%.
We are giving Border Security Command counter-terrorist-style powers through our borders Bill, which is a Bill that both Reform and the Conservative party voted against.
My constituents in Halesowen continue to be concerned about the number of people crossing to the UK on small boats.
They are calling for swift and tough action against the people smugglers responsible for these dangerous crossings, which are putting the lives of women and children at risk.
Can the Solicitor General outline how she is supporting this action?
I have heard from Crown Prosecution Service prosecutors about the deplorable actions that the smugglers take in not only facilitating very young children being aboard the boats, but even  sedating them to ensure they are compliant during the crossing.
My hon.
Friend is right that the dangers faced by people, particularly children, when they cross the channel are extremely grave.
This Government are absolutely determined to break the business model of the people smugglers, so protecting our borders and stopping lives, including young lives, being put in such danger.
Will the Solicitor General commit to working across Cabinet to publish the number of people smuggling cases that have collapsed before trial over the past five years, and the reasons why they have collapsed?