I am pleased to tell my hon.
Friend that the CPS is working actively alongside the Government to ensure that the criminal convictions for victims of child sexual exploitation, with the offence in that case being prostitution, are being disregarded, which is extremely important.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help improve efficiency in the criminal justice system through the use of technology.
Better use of technology is key to reforming all our public services, including the criminal justice system, from the police and the CPS to our courts, prisons and probation services.
This Government are absolutely determined to harness all the power and potential of new technology to the benefit of the public, those who work in our public services and, of course, the public purse.
I thank the Solicitor General for that answer.
The courts system and all the associated IT have been left in the most catastrophic state by the previous Conservative Government.
It is shocking that £2 billion was spent on a civil courts IT system that cannot even handle litigation where there is more than one claimant or defendant, which is basic and normal.
The particular issue that worries me today, though, is the Legal Aid Agency and the state of its IT system; as she will know, it was the subject of a cyber-attack in the spring.
Could she update us on that situation and on any potential plans to build back better?
Unfortunately, my hon.
Friend accurately describes the years of neglect of the justice system under the previous Government.
She asks specifically about the Legal Aid Agency.
The Government took immediate action to bolster the security of the agency’s systems and an injunction was put in place to prohibit the sharing of any breached data.
We have put in place contingency plans to ensure that those most in need of legal support can continue to access the help that they need, and we are working at pace to restore services quickly and safely.
What steps she has taken with the Crown Prosecution Service to support victims of crime.
What steps she has taken with the Crown Prosecution Service to support victims of crime.
This Government are committed to restoring confidence in the criminal justice system, which means ensuring that victims of crime are properly supported through the justice process.
The CPS is taking a range of measures to better support victims, including by offering pre-trial meetings to adult victims of rape and serious sexual assault, recruiting victim liaison officers to act as a consistent point of contact for victims, and delivering the groundbreaking victim transformation programme.
Earlier this year, I visited Southend-on-Sea Rape Crisis centre, where we discussed how extended court delays put pressure on the third sector organisations that provide this vital support.
Under the previous Government, the total backlog of all court cases soared, with 73,000 victims left waiting years for their day in court.
Now, we finally have a Government who are putting victims first.
Our Labour Government have allocated the highest number of sitting days on record.
How is the CPS playing its role in getting quicker justice for victims?
My hon.
Friend rightly highlights the necessary and important action that this Government are taking to address the crisis in our courts.
Alongside that, the CPS is using every tool at its disposal to reduce the backlog, including by trialling new initiatives to expedite domestic abuse trials and weekly listing meetings with partners in the criminal justice system.
I recently visited a Colchester organisation, the Centre for Action on Rape and Abuse, or CARA, which offers vital support to victims of rape and sexual abuse.
Will the Solicitor General reaffirm the Government’s commitment to supporting such organisations, which carry out so much of that vital frontline work, and will she reiterate what she is doing to enhance the number of rape trials that actually proceed?
I am grateful to my hon.