Order.
Somebody is suggesting reading; I think you will notice that the Prime Minister also reads, so please get your act together.
I can pre-prepare my questions, but the Prime Minister needs to answer from his mind.
He has made life more expensive with his unilateral  commitments but, speaking of making life more expensive, will the Prime Minister confirm that he will keep the cap on council tax?
The right hon.
Lady talks of the trip to COP.
I am very proud of the fact that we are restoring leadership on climate to the UK, because that will be measured in lower bills, energy independence and the jobs of the future.
She may have missed this, but on Monday I was very pleased to announce a huge order into jobs in Hull for blades for offshore wind.
If she is opposed to that sort of action, she should go to Hull and say so.
On the question of councils, she knows what the arrangements are.
I think the House will have heard that the Prime Minister could neither confirm nor deny whether the cap on council tax was being raised, so I will ask him this: how much extra does he expect local authorities will have to raise to cover the social care funding gap created by the Chancellor’s Budget and increases in employers’ NI?
He told  the hon.
Member for Edinburgh West (Christine Jardine)  just now that he was covering social care.
How much extra does he expect local authorities to raise?
This knockabout is all very well, but not actually listening to what I said three minutes ago is a bit of a fundamental failure of the Leader of the Opposition.
I just said £600 million, and I repeat it: £600 million.
The Prime Minister has repeated that number because he has probably not listened to the Labour-run Local Government Association, which said that with no separate funding for the Chancellor’s Budget announcements, care providers would likely see increased costs, which will cost councils more.
All of the £600 million in grant increase he is giving will not cover what is required for adult social care.
It is clear that the Government have not thought through the impact of the Budget, and this is the problem with having a copy-and-paste Chancellor.
Did they not realise that care homes, GP surgeries, children’s nurseries, hospices and even charities have to pay employers’ NI?
We have put more money into local authorities than the Conservatives did in 14 years.
They left them in an absolutely catastrophic state.
We have produced a Budget that does not increase tax on working people—nothing in the payslip—and is investing in our NHS, investing in our schools so every child can go as far as their talent will take them, and investing in the houses of the future.
If she is against those things, she should say so.
I am not against any of those things—[Hon.
Members: “Ah!”]
Of course not; none of us is against any of those things.
But the Prime Minister has confirmed that he does not know what is going on.
He probably does not realise that on Monday the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government revealed that councils will need to find an additional £2.4 billion in council tax next year.
That is a lot more than £600 million.
I know he has been away, but did the Deputy Prime Minister, who runs that Department, make him aware of their £2.4 billion black hole?
Let me get this straight: the Leader of the Opposition does not want any of the measures in the Budget, but she wants all the benefits?
The magic money tree is back after two weeks in office.
The Conservatives have learned absolutely nothing.
We have put forward a Budget that takes the difficult decisions, fixing the £22 billion black hole that they left and investing in the future of our country.