With regard to benefits, the Department for Work and Pensions is very much part of the mission group on violence against women and girls, and I will absolutely raise his points.
We will seek to make sure that when and wherever people crop up with these issues, their local authorities and local systems are in place.
In the 12 months to July 2024, 22,403 violence against women and girls offences were recorded in Northern Ireland.
Will the Minister outline what discussions she has had with the Police Service of Northern Ireland about getting stronger conviction rates for such incidents of violence?
I have spoken to the Chief Constable of the PSNI within the last week, and he has requested that we go over to Northern Ireland.
That trip is planned for early in the new year, and I would very much welcome working with colleagues in this House and the devolved Government to make sure that we are all working together on this issue.
A constituent of mine came to see me in distress a couple of weeks ago, having been a victim of rape in 2021.
She has now been given a date in 2026 for her case to be heard.
I am sure the whole House will agree with me that that is completely unacceptable.
She has been denied access to mental health support during this time, because it may impact her defence.
What are the Minister’s thoughts on that matter?
I would like to say very clearly from the Dispatch Box that it is a total myth that people cannot access mental health support when awaiting trial.
It is something that has crept in over the years, and I would like it to be stamped out for good across all agencies.
I ran a rape crisis service that definitely served people who were awaiting trial.
If I were the Member of Parliament representing the hon.
Gentleman’s constituent, I would push back on that assertion and say that it is certainly not the policy.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Data shows us that women of colour face disproportionate rates of homicide and that adults of black, black British or mixed ethnicity are more likely to experience sexual assault than those of white, Asian or other ethnicities.
These challenges are just as common when it comes to domestic abuse.
Those people are less likely to access support services than white women.
We desperately need stronger action to support these vulnerable women,  so can the Minister tell me how the Government will ensure that we help more women from ethnic minority backgrounds to get the support that they need and end the injustice that they face?
I could not agree more with the hon.
Lady, as she might imagine, considering the seat that I represent.
We need a strong “by and for” service in our country.
We need to ensure that the geographical location of someone in the country does not matter, and that specialist services are available for black and minority ethnic women and other marginalised groups—for example, disabled victims of domestic abuse or victims of domestic abuse in the armed forces.
There needs to be a specialist approach for specialist groups and we will be making sure that that is part of our violence against women and girls strategy.
What steps she is taking to help end discrimination against disabled people.
What steps she is taking to help end discrimination against disabled people.
Our manifesto committed us to championing the rights of, and working with, disabled people, putting their views and voices at the heart of all we do.
We want a more inclusive society, removing the unnecessary barriers that have too often held disabled people back.