Lebanon is in crisis, and my constituent Catherine Flanagan is in despair.
Her three-year-old son David Nahle has been out of her care for the past two years.
The Belfast High Court has indicated that he should be returned to his mother and has issued a bench warrant for the arrest of his father.
However, when my constituent fled domestic violence in Beirut, she got no help or assistance from the UK embassy, and when she has sought assistance from the Foreign and Commonwealth Office to be reunited with her son—to see her son again, and for this British citizen to come back to the UK—she has not received the assistance that she, or I and our community, expect she should.
Will the Prime Minister engage with this issue and, at the very least, ask the Foreign Secretary to assist my constituent in her earnest desire to see her three-year-old son again?
I thank the right hon.
Member for raising this case, and for all he is doing on behalf of Catherine and David—I hope they get some comfort from knowing that they have an MP working so hard on their behalf.
It is a complex and difficult situation, but of course I will make sure that the relevant meetings are set up with the relevant Ministers to ensure the right hon.
Member gets the answers he needs on behalf of his constituents.
My constituency is the home of UK brewing, and has the best pubs in the country.
The Prime Minister is welcome to join me for a pint to sample the very best beer in the world.
As this Government look to reform business rates and consult on those changes, will he commit to ensuring that pubs and hospitality have a seat at the table?
The last time I went to my hon.
Friend’s constituency I got to see the fantastic South Derbyshire college.
I look forward to testing his proposition that he has the best pubs in his constituency on some future occasion.
Pubs and breweries are such an important part of our culture and our communities.
That is why the Budget delivered an £85 million per year tax cut for  pubs, reducing the duty on a pint.
We also delivered a 40% relief on business rates for next year, permanently lowering them the year after.
We are protecting small businesses by more than doubling the employer allowance to £10,500.
In the past week, there have been reports that more schools are slated for closure as a direct consequence of the Prime Minister’s ideologically driven policy to introduce VAT on school fees and increase national insurance contributions.
This pattern will be seen up and down the country and will lead to staff being unemployed and pupils and parents being cast adrift.
Will the Prime Minister do the decent thing, abandon this policy and apologise to those affected?
I do understand the concerns of those who save to send their children to private school because they believe in aspiration and opportunity.
Every single parent shares that aspiration to opportunity, whichever school they send their children to.
Under the last Government, we did not have enough teachers in basic subjects in our state secondary schools.
The Tories were prepared to tolerate that.
I am not.
Three million people across the country, including an estimated 70,000 in Wales, will benefit from Labour’s Budget measures on the minimum wage and the national living wage.
Members should contrast that with the Leader of the Opposition, who said that the minimum wage was hurting businesses, or the shadow Chancellor, who called the minimum wage a “burden”.
Does the Prime Minister agree that those comments underline that the Tories have no interest in protecting working people or boosting the income of the lowest paid?
It was the last Labour Government who introduced the national minimum wage—in the teeth of opposition from the Tory party.