The magic money tree is back after two weeks in office.
The Conservatives have learned absolutely nothing.
We have put forward a Budget that takes the difficult decisions, fixing the £22 billion black hole that they left and investing in the future of our country.
They say that they want all that, but they do not know how they will pay for it—same old Tories.
Even the Prime Minister must admit that Labour fiddled the fiscal rules.
The Office for Budget Responsibility has said that it does not recognise where the additional growth will come from.
The fact is that the rise in employer national insurance will be a disaster for small businesses around the country.
Let me tell you about Kelly, Mr Speaker.
For over 20 years, Kelly has run an after-school club business supporting 500 children and families in her borough.
In 2024, her national insurance cost was about £10,000; in April, that will rise to £26,000—that is a 150% increase in costs from the Budget alone.
If Kelly’s small business goes under, what is the Prime Minister’s message to her and the 500 families it supports?
I would say this to Kelly: we inherited a very badly damaged economy and a £22 billion black hole, and we were not prepared to continue with the fiction.
We stabilised—[Interruption.]
Order.
Ms Lopez, I am sure I can expect better from you as a Parliamentary Private Secretary.
I would say to Kelly that we are fixing the mess that we were left and are investing in the future of our country.
I would also say to her that the Leader of the Opposition, in week two, wants all the benefits from the Budget but has no way of saying how she will pay for them—the same old mistake over and over again.
The Prime Minister has nothing to offer but platitudes.
The fact is that the Government do not know what they are doing.
Their ideological Budget was designed to milk the private sector and hope that nobody would notice.
Now, his Cabinet Ministers are all queuing up for public sector bail-outs for his tax mess.
If he is going to bail out the public sector, perhaps he can tell us this: does he think it appropriate to approve—as the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government has done—a four-day week for councils?
That is not flexible working but part-time work for full-time pay.
Questions based on what we are actually doing are usually better than made-up fantasy questions.
What did the Tories deliver in 14 years?
Low growth, a stagnant economy, a disastrous mini-Budget and a £22 billion black hole.
And now, the Leader of the Opposition wants to give me advice on running the economy.
I do not want to be rude, but no, thank you very much.
Towns like Southport need investment and support after 14 years of decline under the Conservative party.
Will  the Prime Minister confirm that his Budget will provide that much-needed investment for towns like mine, and that, unlike under the previous Government, my local authority and the public services that my town relies on will finally be properly supported?
May I begin by paying tribute to my hon.
Friend and his Southport constituents They have shown extraordinary courage and resilience as they try to rebuild from the devastating tragedy and loss of earlier this year.
We will ensure that the people of Southport are supported now and in the years to come.
The Budget is designed to fix the crucial services that his constituents rely on, including through £1.3 billion of new funding for local government, and investment in safer streets and in the future of our NHS.
That is the direction in which we are taking the country.
I call the leader of the Liberal Democrats.