I am afraid I fundamentally disagree with what the hon.
Gentleman said.
Let me be clear: this Government inherited a situation whereby the long-term secure operation of this crucial military base—he is right on that one point—was under threat.
International courts were reaching judgments and international organisations were taking steps not to undermine Mauritian sovereignty.
That threatened the secure and effective operation of the base.
In the absence of a negotiated solution, a legally binding decision against the UK seemed inevitable.
That would have threatened the secure and effective operation of the base, and that was not sustainable. [
Interruption.]
On the hon.
Gentleman’s comments about the incoming US Administration, we very much look forward to working with them, and I am sure that they will be briefed on the full detail of the deal.
I am confident that the details of the arrangement will allay any concerns, otherwise we would not have entered into any such arrangement in the first place. [
Interruption.]
Order.
Mr Francois, I welcome you back to the Front Bench, but I do not welcome you shouting from it continuously.
Do we understand that we need calm?
This is an important subject, so I do not want the rhetoric that is coming from there.
Mr Speaker, I have known the right hon.
Gentleman a long time, and he knows that he can come and speak to me about these matters at any point.
Let me be clear: we will work very closely with the incoming US Administration, and we are working closely with the current US Administration.
This agreement had support across the national security apparatus of the United States.
Otherwise, we would never have entered into an arrangement.
The previous Government recognised the threats to the long-term operation of the base, which is why they started the negotiations in the first place, but this Government did the deal.
Diego Garcia is important, but it is not at risk—it is more secure as a result of the deal.
What  the hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage)  is suggesting is simply not the case.
The hon.
Gentleman mentioned the Chagossians.
What happened to them was completely wrong and shameful—that has been agreed on all sides of the House.
I have engaged with the Chagossian community on a number of occasions.
He will also recognise that there are a range of views across the Chagossian community, including those who support the deal.
We have made sure that their interests are at the heart of the arrangement, whether in the trust fund, the unilateral arrangements, the continued commitment to UK citizenship for Chagossians, their ability to return to visit all the islands or the resettlement programme that Mauritius will restart under the treaty.
I am confident that this deal is the right thing for our national security, for the Chagossian community and for our allies and partners.
We heard representations from  the hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage)  about upholding international law.
Does the Minister agree that it is important that the UK fulfils its international law obligations?
Does he recognise that in 2021, the International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea confirmed that Mauritius has sovereignty over the Chagos islands?
Does he agree that, notwithstanding that, the deal secures the long-term certainty of the base on Diego Garcia?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Agreeing this deal now on our terms means that we have been able to secure protections that will allow the base to operate as it has done into the next century.
It settles the historical sovereignty claims in a way that successfully balances our international law obligations with vital UK and US national security requirements.
I welcome Dame Priti Patel to the Opposition Front Bench.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.