There is something deeply personnel about being able to represent your home.
It is an honour to be able represent my friends, my family, my neighbours and my former classmates.
In the years ahead, I look forward to rigorously standing up for all the communities that make up South Dorset.
Madam Deputy Speaker, wherever you look across my constituency, a strong sense of community and local pride is unmissable.
Starting our stroll in the east of my constituency, we will find Studland and then Swanage, a small, charming seaside town.
The people of Swanage have much to be proud of, including the legacy of one Trevor Chadwick.
Trevor was a public-spirited man, a local schoolteacher and a lifeboat volunteer.
In 1939, he joined Sir Nicholas Winton to assemble the Prague Kindertransport.
Despite the clear dangers facing him, Trevor went to Prague to help rescue 669 children from the Nazi regime, yet, much like Sir Nicholas Winton, Trevor did not seek praise or recognition for his heroism, and for many years his work went unmarked.
There now stands a statue in Swanage marking his proud legacy.
Walking past it just the other day, I was reminded of the quiet selflessness and compassion that sits at the heart of all our communities.
We can all learn from his example.
The town of Swanage is also rightly proud of its many independent businesses, its award-winning beach and its essential community hospital.
Without these institutions, the town would be lost, so I look forward to advocating for all three at every opportunity.
Now, Madam Deputy Speaker, moving west on our walk along the coastline of my constituency, you are spoilt.
Whatever other Members might claim, I know that my constituency truly is the most impressive, the most spectacular, and the most charming.
If you do not believe me, just ask UNESCO.
My constituency is the proud home of the Jurassic coast: St Aldhelm’s Head, Chapman’s Pool, Bacon Hole, Lulworth Cove, Durdle Door and Ringstead bay are all geological gems dotted along the coast.
Most hon.
Members have probably already visited this part of my constituency, either on a romantic weekend away, a summer holiday or an ill-fated geography field trip many moons ago.
Either way, all who visit the Jurassic coast leave with lifelong memories.
Rural communities such as Corfe, Worth Matravers, Langton Matravers, Winfrith and Wool are all proud to call the Jurassic coast our back garden.
I will do all I can to defend, preserve and enhance that unique landscape.
Ambling further west, we arrive at the friendly seaside town of Weymouth.
Weymouth and nearby Portland were a key departure point for the Dunkirk evacuation and, later, the D-day landings.
My home town was a generous home to soldiers, sailors and airmen during the second world war.
In the months prior to D-day, Weymouth hosted thousands of British and allied forces as they prepared for the liberation of Europe.
In Weymouth we do not easily forget the importance of those D-day landings, and our town is proud of the role that we played in turning the tide against fascism.
In a world that often feels insecure and riven by conflict, our community will always remember the sacrifices made to defend democracy and freedom.
Weymouth also remains proud of a local parliamentarian, Sir Thomas Fowell Buxton.
In the early 19th century he was a Member of Parliament for Weymouth and a leading member of the abolitionist movement.
Alongside William Wilberforce, Buxton led efforts to abolish slavery throughout the British empire.
Wherever I go in Weymouth, there are quiet reminders of that important figure and the role he played in making the world a more civilised place.
We are proud of his legacy and I believe we are a kinder and more caring community because of it.
Weymouth is a fantastic place to call home, but that does not mean our town is without its challenges.