The last Government left a shocking record of rising levels of child poverty, and this Government will turn it around.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
I draw the House’s attention to Islamophobia Awareness Month.
No one in our country should be targeted because of their faith or race, and British Muslims are a crucial part of Britain’s history and society.
More widely, the Office for Equality and Opportunity is already making great strides.
The new Employment Rights Bill will legislate for a stronger duty to prevent sexual harassment, and action plans will cover the gender pay gap and menopause issues.
We will open a consultation on extending pay gap reporting and equal pay rights to ethnic minorities and disabled people.
The disability charity Sense estimates that 200,000 disabled children across the UK are struggling to get the right school support, because of funding issues and a need to employ more multisensory impairment teachers to ensure deafblind children can access education.
What steps is the Minister taking to ensure disabled children are represented in the forthcoming children’s wellbeing Bill?
My hon.
Friend champions the rights of disabled children.
He is right to do so because when it comes to support for children with special educational needs and disabilities, the system we have at the moment just is not working, as shown all too clearly by the recent National Audit Office report.
I am determined to listen to parents, experts, charities and others to ensure we reform the system to provide more timely intervention and support for children and families, and ensure all children in our country are able to thrive.
I call the shadow Minister for Equalities.
I am honoured to take on the role of shadow Minister for Equalities and I pay tribute to my predecessor, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for North West Essex (Mrs Badenoch) , who will be at this Dispatch Box shortly.
The equalities brief underpins values that I cherish: fairness, freedom, meritocracy and equality under the law.
I believe people should be judged by the content of their character, not the colour of their skin or any other identity characteristic.
Does the Secretary of State agree that equality is not about group identities or placing one section of society on a platform above another, but about individual freedom and responsibility?
I welcome the right hon.
Lady to her place.
I look forward to working with her on areas where we can agree and where we can take such concerns forward on a cross-party basis, wherever possible.
I believe that she, like me, is passionate about tackling violence against women and girls.
As she sets out, I believe that everyone in our country should have the chance to achieve all that they are capable of achieving.
Our mission across Government is to ensure that where people are from does not determine what they can go on to achieve.
During the election campaign, the Conservative party committed to clarifying the definition of “sex” in the Equality Act 2010 to protect women’s rights.
At the end of this month, For Women Scotland v. Scottish Ministers will be heard in the UK Supreme Court.
The case will have far-reaching consequences for sex-based rights, so can the Government assure the House that they are now clear that the definition in “sex” in the Equality Act 2010 means biological sex?
The right hon.
Lady will appreciate that I will not comment on ongoing cases.
However, I can be clear that the Equality Act 2010 sets out that providers, for example, have the right to restrict access to service on the basis of biological sex.
This Government are proud of our achievements in legislating for the Equality Act.
We will ensure providers can continue to support single-sex exemptions, and it is important that providers have clarity in this area.
I would be happy to work with her to ensure that is the case.