What happened to Bethany is appalling, and my thoughts, as I am sure are those of the whole House, are with her family.
We need a culture shift here, and we have committed to halving violence against women and girls in a decade.
No Government have ever made that commitment before, and I hope that can be something that is shared across the House, because this is so important.
It starts with that central question of belief and confidence: for every woman or young woman who comes forward, there are probably about nine who never had the confidence to come forward, and this starts with belief and the culture that we put in place.
We are committed to that, and I invite the whole House to join us on that mission to halve violence against women and girls.
I am sure the Prime Minister and the whole House would wish to congratulate Donald Trump on his landslide victory last week—
Order.
I will hear the question.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
Within a couple of days we had learned of a third assassination attempt.
Charges have been laid, and behind it is Iran’s Revolutionary Guard.
Has the time not come to proscribe what is so obviously a terrorist organisation, and in doing so, not just do the right thing, but perhaps mend some fences between this Government and the incoming presidency of Donald Trump, given that the whole of the Prime Minister’s Cabinet have been so rude about him over the last few years?
I am glad to see the hon.
Member making a rare appearance back here in Britain.
He has spent so much time in America recently that I was half expecting to see him in the immigration statistics when we see the next batch—[Interruption.]
He may have missed it, but I congratulated the incoming President last week, and we will work with him.
The point the hon.
Member makes about Iran is very serious, and we will work across the House and with our allies on it.
Obviously on the question of proscription, we keep that under review.
I welcome the Prime Minister’s recognition of Islamophobia Awareness Month, and his commitment to supporting Muslim communities.
The definition of Islamophobia from the all-party parliamentary group on British Muslims is one of the most widely accepted definitions, and I have been discussing its adoption with the Deputy Prime Minister, the Faith Minister, and the Leader of the House.
Given recent riots and a doubling of Islamophobic hate crimes over the past decade, will the Prime Minister outline the steps that this Government will take to tackle the issue, and commit to ensuring a clear and effective definition of Islamophobia?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that important issue.
Whatever the hatred, there has been a rise in the past 12 or so months, and the whole House will join me in saying that we must meet any rise in hatred in whatever form it is, including Islamophobia.
We are working with others to take that forward, and I am happy to meet him further on that.
I was in South Lochaber at the weekend, speaking to pensioners who still cannot understand why the Prime Minister chose to take away their winter fuel payment.
One of them remembered from just two years ago the then Leader of the Opposition stating:
“Looking ahead to winter is frightening.
I’ve met pensioners who have no idea how they’ll heat their homes.”
She asked me to ask the Prime Minister, whatever happened to that guy?
As the hon.
Member knows from previous answers, we have taken tough decisions in this Budget to deal with the situation that we faced.
Because of that, we have stabilised the economy, which means that we can commit to the triple lock, and because of the triple lock, pensioners will be better off.