On  29 November , the House will be asked to consider the Second Reading of one of the most consequential pieces of legislation about the country’s make-up.
I am genuinely approaching it with  an open mind, but have many concerns.
One is the short space of time for debate on that day.
Will the Government commit, before  29 November , to two days—16 hours—of protected Government time for the Bill on the Floor of the House, so that we can examine and debate the Bill on Report, which is when much of what we are concerned about can be brought up?
Otherwise, people like me may decline it a Second Reading, through fear that we may not be able to debate the issues in full.
I am grateful to the right hon.
Member for raising this issue, which is obviously important, and it is an important vote.
I know that there are strongly held views on both sides of the debate across the House.
That is why there will be a free vote.
Every Member needs to decide for themselves how they will vote.
I do think that there is sufficient time allocated to it, but it is an important issue.
That completes Prime Minister’s questions. [
Interruption.]
Points of order come after urgent questions and statements.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs if he will make a statement on the transfer of sovereignty of the Chagos islands to Mauritius.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question.
Following two years of negotiation under three Prime Ministers, on  3 October  the Government secured a deal that will protect the secure operation of the UK-US base on Diego Garcia well into the next century.
The Government inherited a situation where that future was under threat.
International courts were reaching judgments on the basis that Mauritius had sovereignty over the Chagos archipelago.
International organisations were also taking steps not to undermine Mauritian sovereignty claims.
That was not sustainable.
The base on Diego Garcia plays a critical role in countering an array of threats to regional and international security.
Without legal certainty, the base simply cannot operate effectively.
Continued uncertainty would be a gift to our adversaries.
That is why the agreement has been welcomed by all parts of the US system, and other critical regional security partners, including India.
Agreeing the deal now, on our terms, meant that we were able to secure strong protections that will allow the base to operate as it has done.
We have secured a deal that protects our national interests, respects the interests of our partners and upholds the international rule of law.
There will be clear commitments in the treaty to robust security arrangements, including arrangements preventing the presence of foreign security forces on the outer islands, so that the base can continue to operate securely and effectively.
We would not have signed off on an agreement that compromised any of our security interests, or those of our allies.
The agreement will be underpinned by a financial settlement that is acceptable to both sides, and will underpin a strong, long-term partnership with Mauritius.
That was crucial to securing the agreement.
The Government will not scrimp on our national security; however, I am sure that the House will understand that it is not normal practice for the UK to reveal the value of payments for military bases anywhere across the globe, because to do so would put at risk their future secure operation.
The deal will also deliver benefits for the Chagossian community, who were removed from the islands in the 1960s and 1970s.
I know that the whole House has already expressed, and will join me in again expressing, regret for that shameful episode.