Gentleman to set out the support that is available.
What steps the Government are taking to support women back into work.
We are laying the foundations for all employers to create conditions that enable women to return to work and to thrive in their careers.
As part of our efforts to make work pay, we will improve access to flexible working, strengthen workplace protections for new mothers and review the parental leave system.
Parents of pre-school children in South Devon are finding it all but impossible to find nursery or pre-school places due to the lack of availability and the financial pressure that such establishments are under.
This is making it extremely difficult for parents, often mothers, who would like to return to work after having children.
How will the Department for Education  and the Office for Equality and Opportunity work together to increase the number of nurseries and provide them with adequate funding to ensure that women are provided with all the support they need to return to work?
The hon.
Lady is right to identify that accessible and affordable childcare is essential for making sure that women, in particular, are able to work, to work the hours that suit them and to progress in their careers.
That is why we have confirmed that we will be expanding Government-funded childcare with an initial £1.8 billion.
As part of that programme, we will be rolling out 3,000 new or expanded primary-based nurseries.
Applications are open, and schools are encouraged to participate.
The all-party parliamentary group on domestic violence and abuse was reconstituted this week.
As its chair, I am pleased to report that, at our first meeting, we heard from survivors and organisations that support survivors in the workplace.
The Minister will be aware that the gender pay gap persists.
Does she agree that more could be done to support survivors in the workplace, such as by having domestic abuse policies in every workplace, and by considering paid leave and flexible working, so that survivors can get the life-changing support they need and can stay in work?
I agree with the hon.
Lady.
Before I came to this place, I ran a refuge for women and children affected by domestic violence.
During that time, I saw some good examples of employers supporting women who were going through a very difficult time in their lives.
There is more that we can ask of employers, and there is more that we, as a Government, are committed to achieving, especially through the gender pay gap action plans we will be taking forward, and through halving violence against women and girls.
I call the shadow Minister.
It is working women who will pay the price for Labour’s Budget of broken promises, with the increase to employers’ national insurance contributions making working people worse off and affecting childcare settings.
The Joseph Rowntree Foundation has said that single-parent families—80% of them are headed by women—will, on average, be £1,000 worse off by October 2029.
Has the Minister assessed what additional negative impact there will be on the labour market of the hidden scrapping of the child benefit changes for single-parent households?
This has been described by Martin Lewis as an “unfair” penalty to single-parent households.
We are committed to transforming the lives of women across our country, and that applies to single parents, too.
I am leading the child poverty taskforce with my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions.
Unlike the last Government, we are committed to driving down the number of children growing up in poverty.
The last Government left a shocking record of rising levels of child poverty, and this Government will turn it around.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
I draw the House’s attention to Islamophobia Awareness Month.