It settles the historical sovereignty claims in a way that successfully balances our international law obligations with vital UK and US national security requirements.
I welcome Dame Priti Patel to the Opposition Front Bench.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
The world is a more dangerous place than ever before in our lifetimes and this Government have agreed to give away a key strategic asset in the Indian ocean, ending more than 200 years of British sovereignty.
It is the wrong decision, and we stand by that completely.
A month has gone since the Government’s announcement, but we are still in the dark about exactly what they have agreed.
That is simply not acceptable.
We have no treaty and vital questions remain unanswered.
That is unacceptable and the Minister needs to put it right today.
We cannot afford for our military base on Diego Garcia to be compromised in this way.
What safeguards will be in place to ensure that no other states can establish themselves or place their assets, in particular strategic assets, on any nearby islands in the archipelago?
How does the decision affect the strategic defence review that is under way?
How much money will Labour be asking British taxpayers to send to Mauritius each year under the deal, which we do not even know the details of?
Which departmental budgets will that come from?
What is the total figure?
The House expects transparency, including on what taxpayers will be funding.
We need to hold the Government to account on this.
Will the Minister please give a cast-iron guarantee that the UK will be able to unilaterally extend the agreement on the military base beyond 99 years?
That is all we have heard for now.
What will be the mechanism for doing that?
This is a crucial piece of scrutiny that we all need to know about, particularly as the Minister raised a point about national security and the national security apparatus agreeing to this arrangement.
What discussions has the Foreign Secretary—I know he is not here today—personally undertaken with the Chagossian community, who the Minister will know are beyond distraught about the agreement?
The elections in Mauritius and the United States pose further questions, and it is right that we follow up on them.
Labour rushed into the deal just before the Mauritian elections, even though Ministers must surely have realised that a change of Government was a strong possibility.
Why did they do that?
The Minister needs to be clear.
We want to know how the Government are going to engage with the new US Administration.
The Opposition oppose the Government’s decision and we intend to hold them to account.
First, I welcome the shadow Foreign Secretary to her place in this Chamber.
We were in a Committee earlier today, but I welcome her to her place.
I have always had good engagement with her on issues in the past and she is right to ask important questions, but the first thing I need to do is correct the idea that we are somehow giving up the base.
That is exactly the opposite of what we are doing.
We are securing the future of the base.
The base will continue to operate.
It will continue to operate as it has done.
The right hon.
Lady asks an important question about security guarantees in relation to the outer islands.
There will be clear commitments in the treaty for robust security arrangements, including preventing the presence of foreign security forces on the outer islands.
We simply would not have signed off an agreement that  compromised any of our security interests or those of our allies.
Indeed, this has been discussed not just at a political level in the United States, but at a deep technical level.
She will know from her time in government about the nature of the special relationship and the depth of that relationship.