In our manifesto we committed ourselves to fast-tracking rape cases.
We are carefully considering the best way to do that, along with colleagues at the Ministry of Justice who lead on this work, and we will announce our plans in due course.
I recently joined a Reclaim the Night march in Greenhead park in my constituency.
The first of these marches took place in Leeds in the 1970s, and they are still important, because a woman is killed every three days in the UK.
What actions are we taking to prioritise reducing the level of violence against women and girls, and also to create safer environments at night?
I thank my hon.
Friend for question.
The first march was in 1977 and, frankly, progress has been too slow if we still need to march.
We will use a cross-Government, transformative approach to halve violence against women and girls, and that will be underpinned by a new violence against women and girls strategy, to be published next year.
That will include drastically improving the police and criminal justice response.
Prevention and education are also absolutely fundamental to our approach, and we will work across key Departments, including the Department for Education, to tackle the root causes of these crimes.
Pupils in my constituency are benefiting from pioneering workshops that are designed to increase awareness of sexual violence and misogyny through a project called “Don’t Steal My Future”.
Does the Minister agree that raising awareness of sexual violence in an age-appropriate way is vital to keeping young people safe?
If so, will she come with me to meet the team at the Rape and Sexual Abuse Support Centre North Wales?
The simple answer is yes, I do agree.
As somebody who has written and delivered such programmes in schools, I know that brilliant work is going on across the country in local authorities, multi-academy trusts and more widely, with voluntary sector organisations doing a lot of the work.
I would be glad to explore with officials the best way to learn from those who work with children and young people, because we have to work out what will work in our schools and then make sure that we put it out everywhere.
In the last Parliament, we Back Benchers tried and failed several times to make misogyny a hate crime.
Legislation can be a powerful game changer.
Is it not time we made misogyny a hate crime?
The Government are absolutely committed to tackling misogyny, both before it starts and when it exists.
Hate crime reviews are being undertaken, and I am more than happy to meet the hon.
Lady.
I have met her many times to discuss this subject.
Women fleeing domestic violence are vulnerable and in desperate need of support and help, but often local authorities, which are supposed to help, do not enable women to get a  place to live or receive their benefits.
In the last Parliament, we tried to make sure that women in such circumstances could have a relative claim their benefits.
What action will the Minister take to ensure that those women are given the support that they need in their desperate times?
I could not agree more with the hon.
Gentleman, and I remember his valiant efforts during the passage of the Domestic Abuse Act 2021.
The Government have committed to ensuring that local connection does not apply in cases such as those he talks about.
With regard to benefits, the Department for Work and Pensions is very much part of the mission group on violence against women and girls, and I will absolutely raise his points.
We will seek to make sure that when and wherever people crop up with these issues, their local authorities and local systems are in place.
In the 12 months to July 2024, 22,403 violence against women and girls offences were recorded in Northern Ireland.