What steps she is taking to help end discrimination against disabled people.
Our manifesto committed us to championing the rights of, and working with, disabled people, putting their views and voices at the heart of all we do.
We want a more inclusive society, removing the unnecessary barriers that have too often held disabled people back.
I want to draw the Minister’s attention to the fact that almost one in five people in my constituency are classed as disabled, and after 14 years of a Conservative Government who slashed public services, there are still far too many people in South Derbyshire who report that their daily activities are significantly limited by their conditions.
What more can this Government do in my constituency to support disabled people in accessing care as well as career and educational opportunities?
My hon.
Friend, in describing her constituency, speaks for the whole country.
Disabled people and people with health impairments are very diverse, and we want to promote diverse, specialist initiatives to support people to stay in work, to get back into work if they have lost their job, and to progress in work, including by joining up local employment and help support.
We need to remove barriers to accessing services as well.
I call the Chair of the Women and Equalities Committee.
I am sure that many of us will welcome commitments from the Government to remove barriers to work for disabled people, but disability charities have outlined concerns about the Government’s plans for work capability assessment reform and changes to personal independence payments and the Access to Work scheme.
Will the Minister please commit to working with disability charities to ensure that any changes to those schemes,  including any proposed by the previous Government, are made alongside consultation with the people those policies will affect?
I can give my hon.
Friend that assurance.
As I have said, we are committed to putting the views and voices of disabled people at the heart of everything we do and, in looking at these issues, to consulting properly and amply with disabled people and with their organisations.
Nowhere are disabled people more discriminated against than on Britain’s railways.
The previous Government had an Access for All scheme that would allow disabled people to get to platforms that were otherwise inaccessible.
This has been put on hold by the new Government.
Can the Minister tell me what discussions he has had with his colleagues in the Department for Transport and when we might see stations such as Whitchurch made accessible to people who cannot manage steps?
I am afraid that I cannot talk about the situation at Whitchurch, but the hon.
Lady speaks for many on this, as there have been some high-profile and troubling instances of problems in this area over recent months.
This is a good example of the kind of issue where, as Ministers, we need to be talking across Government Departments and making sure that barriers, like the one she has described, are removed.
We are determined to do that.
Young women and girls in my constituency travel abroad to stay with relatives, sometimes for several weeks or months, and they get into difficulties or are impacted by safeguarding issues.
Will the Secretary of State confirm what support is available to help repatriate such girls who have dual nationality and have, in many instances, had false allegations made against them by perpetrators who do not want them to leave the country?
That question is perhaps more relevant to the previous group of questions, but I am very happy to make sure that we write to the hon.
Gentleman to set out the support that is available.
What steps the Government are taking to support women back into work.
We are laying the foundations for all employers to create conditions that enable women to return to work and to thrive in their careers.