We simply would not have signed off an agreement that  compromised any of our security interests or those of our allies.
Indeed, this has been discussed not just at a political level in the United States, but at a deep technical level.
She will know from her time in government about the nature of the special relationship and the depth of that relationship.
That is why we have proceeded only on the basis that we were all satisfied with the arrangements.
The right hon.
Lady will be able to scrutinise those arrangements in due course, as will the House, Mr Speaker.
The treaty will be presented in the usual way after signature.
It will go through the usual process. [
Interruption.]
She asks when.
We have just had the Mauritian election.
We will be engaging with the new Administration there and seeking to present the treaty for signature.
We will then present it, in all its detail, to the House.
The right hon.
Lady asked about an extension period.
There is a provision in the treaty for an extension period after the 99-year period.
The right hon.
Lady asked about the Chagossians.
Again, I gently say that there are a range of views in the Chagossian community.
They have been expressed to me on many occasions, both before I came into government and since I have been in government.
There is a range of views on the arrangement.
We respect all the different views that are out there.
We will continue to engage with the Chagossian community, but I am absolutely clear that there are important provisions in the deal that support the Chagossian community: their ability to return to the outer islands, the visits, the trust fund, the unilateral support we will continue to provide, and the fact that Chagossians are welcome to come here to the UK and take up British citizenship, which was an agreement under the previous Government.
Portsmouth is the home of the Royal Navy, and as the Member for Portsmouth North, I welcome the appointment of Jonathan Powell, who played an important part in negotiating this deal, as National Security Adviser.
Does the Minister agree that with his experience in helping to negotiate the Good Friday agreement and his work on some of the world’s most complex conflicts, he is uniquely place to advise the Government on tackling the challenges ahead and to protect the advancement of UK security?
I totally agree with my hon.
Friend, who I know takes a keen interest in the overseas territories, in particular Gibraltar.
I totally agree with her about the new National Security Adviser.
He is a remarkable individual with a huge track record in government of making deals and getting things done, which I know is appreciated by our friends on the opposite side of the Atlantic, too.
He is somebody who takes the national security of this country extraordinarily seriously, so I completely agree with her characterisation.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Many Chagossians from all over the country gathered at a rally yesterday, where they expressed their concerns about the UK-Mauritius agreement.
We reiterate our concerns here today.
The exclusion of the voice of the Chagossians  is wrong.
It cannot be right, and surely no Member of this House could think it acceptable that the Chagossians are denied the opportunity for self-determination.
Will the Minister update the House to confirm the timescales by which Parliament will have oversight of the final treaty?
Will he look again at injecting the voice of Chagossians into the process, even at this late stage?
May I also raise the case of the Tamils stranded on Diego Garcia?
We welcome recent news reports that they will be airlifted to the UK, but will the Minister update the House on whether that will take place and whether they will be permitted a permanent right to resettlement in the UK?
I thank the hon.