Wherever I go in Weymouth, there are quiet reminders of that important figure and the role he played in making the world a more civilised place.
We are proud of his legacy and I believe we are a kinder and more caring community because of it.
Weymouth is a fantastic place to call home, but that does not mean our town is without its challenges.
Growing up there the message I too often heard was that to get on, you had to get out.
I reject that outlook altogether.
I am proud to call Weymouth home and I will do everything I can to attract the jobs, investment and opportunities that every young person there deserves.
Arriving at the westward end of our walk through our constituency, we find the Isle of Portland, but we do not need to visit Portland to appreciate its significance.
Parts of this Palace of Westminster were built using Portland limestone.
The Cenotaph and Whitehall were also constructed using that stone, as were the United Nations headquarters and much of Buckingham Palace.
We are proud that a part of Portland can always be found in the corridors of power, yet Westminster and Whitehall can too often feel remote and far removed  from life on the island.
I will always stand up for the proud communities living in Portland, and I will do what I can to shrink the gap between communities and the corridors of power.
I have begun by working with the Government to shut down the Bibby Stockholm barge, and I will continue by challenging proposals to build an incinerator and by campaigning for improved healthcare and much-needed green investment.
Well, there you have it, Madam Deputy Speaker: a short ramble across South Dorset, all enjoyed from the comfort of these green Benches.
The countryside and coastline, the towns and villages that make up my constituency are brimming with pride and with strong communities.
It is an immeasurable honour to represent each and every one of them, and I shall seek to serve them first and foremost in this House.
The Minister for Women and Equalities was asked—
If she will make an assessment of the effectiveness of primary prevention measures in schools in tackling violence against women and girls.
Education has a role to play in the prevention of violence against women and girls, and it is essential to the Government’s safer streets mission.
We are reviewing the relationship, sex and health education guidance to ensure that it enables schools to tackle harmful behaviour, because we are determined to ensure that misogyny is stamped out and not allowed to proliferate in schools.
We know that sexual violence is a critical problem in our schools.
In 2021, in response to Ofsted’s rapid review, 92% of girls and 74% of boys said that sexist names were used “sometimes” or “a lot”.
Harassment of this kind has become commonplace in educational settings, and harmful sexual practices are becoming a risk.
Will the Minister meet me, and White Ribbon UK, to discuss how primary prevention measures can be introduced into school curriculums to tackle violence against women and girls?
I would be more than happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss that issue further.
She brings real expertise from her background in education, and it is essential that we do more to tackle the behaviour that she has identified.
I welcome the work of White Ribbon, and I hope other Members will be able to support that work later this month.
When it comes to young boys and young girls in schools, and when it comes to bullying and, sometimes, things that happen at home, the relationship between the teacher or classroom assistant and the pupil is very important, making it possible to identify problems that may arise at home and then roll over into school.