May I also raise the case of the Tamils stranded on Diego Garcia?
We welcome recent news reports that they will be airlifted to the UK, but will the Minister update the House on whether that will take place and whether they will be permitted a permanent right to resettlement in the UK?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman, who speaks for the Liberal Democrats, for his questions.
I know that the future of the islands is hugely important to the Chagossian community.
I have engaged with the Chagossian community over many, many years and since I have been in government.
We have always been clear about the importance of respecting their interests.
I have to say, though, that the negotiations were between the UK and Mauritius, as sovereign states, with our priority being to secure the full operation of the base on Diego Garcia.
However, it is crucial that we recognise the importance of Chagossian interests within this process and we have done that.
I am confident that when the full deal is presented to Parliament, which it will be in due course, there will be important provisions in there that will reassure members of the Chagossian community.
As I mentioned, some of them have already been made public: the ability to visit, the ability to resettle on the outer islands, the UK citizenship guarantees, the trust fund, and, of course, the UK’s own support, which is crucial and comes on the back of the support we have provided for some time.
The hon.
Gentleman asked about the Sri Lankan migrants on Diego Garcia.
This Government inherited a deeply troubling situation which remained unresolved under the last Administration for years after the migrants arrived on Diego Garcia, resulting in mounting legal challenges.
We have been working at pace to find a solution that protects the welfare of individuals and the integrity of British territorial borders.
Due to the exceptional nature of the cases, the Government have taken the decision to relocate a small number of the migrants to the UK, but that is subject to security checks.
They will get a short period of permission to enter the UK, when the individuals can consider their personal circumstances and next steps.
One of the wonderful things about our Parliament and our democracy is that our citizens can see our proceedings, but so too can our foes.
Those who wish us harm and have no good intentions towards us will look across at the Opposition Benches and see that there is not a credible national security team when they are asking questions of this Government.
I want to confine my question to a constituent of mine who has lived in the UK for the last 17 years after leaving the Chagos islands.
He is keen to reunite with his family who are now UK citizens, but housing costs are an issue.
Will the Minister get back to me with information on whether housing support could be part of the Government’s overall support for the Chagossian community?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
Obviously, I do not know the full details of his constituent’s individual case, but if he writes to me, I will of course come back to him in due course.
Can the Minister confirm or deny that  the right hon.
and learned Member for Holborn and St Pancras (Keir Starmer)  had any unminuted conversations with Philippe Sands KC about the Mauritian claim over the Chagos islands?
The Prime Minister engaged with the former Prime Minister of Mauritius and with the US Administration on these matters.
We have engaged with a wide range of partners in these discussions.
The right hon.
Gentleman is very familiar with them, as the former Foreign Secretary who was part of that process.
I hope that my hon.
Friend the Minister will agree with me that, as we discuss the very important issues raised by  the hon.