Again, it is a decision for Treasury Ministers to then confirm the actual commitment limit under which the Department operates.
After they have come into force, the three instruments taken together will increase the commitment limit to 82.7 billion special drawing rights, which converts to around £84 billion pounds at today’s exchange rates.
UK Export Finance is delivering an ambitious five-year business plan that aligns with this Government’s missions, supporting growth and prosperity for UK exporters and their communities across the country, and doing so at no net cost to the taxpayer, but its ability to do so will be at risk without the additional legal headroom that these instruments provide.
These changes will therefore allow UK Export Finance to continue meeting its mandate in supporting exports and driving growth—something that I am sure those in all parts of the House will join me in welcoming.
I commend these orders to the House.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker, for calling me to speak during today’s important debate.
I wish to begin by taking the opportunity to thank my constituents for choosing change and putting their trust in me at the ballot box this summer.
This was indeed a “change” election.
The last time that a Labour MP for South Dorset stood here and made his maiden speech, I was just six years old.
But my Labour predecessor—Lord Knight—did not waste any time winning my support.
As the local MP, Lord Knight relentlessly fought for my community, and he leaves behind a legacy of which we can all be proud.
His  successes include rebuilding my dilapidated primary school and then rebuilding my secondary school as well.
Lord Knight was also at the heart of the campaign to win the 2012 summer Olympic games bid, with Weymouth and Portland proudly hosting the sailing events.
I consider myself very fortunate to have one of my predecessors working just along the corridor in the other place.
This Palace of Westminster can be an ancient and mysterious workplace at times, so I will always be grateful for my Lord Knight in shining armour just around the corner.
I would also like to take this opportunity to pay tribute to my immediate predecessor, Richard Drax.
As our MP, his commitment to our armed forces community was second to none.
The constituency may have changed hands, but I fully intend to continue his work championing our armed forces.
If I may, Madam Deputy Speaker, I would also like to pay tribute to another former Member of this House, Baroness Hodge.
Many Members will, like me, have worked alongside Baroness Hodge.
Working with her is certainly an unforgettable experience. “
Relentless”, “feisty”, “ferocious”, “attack dog”—these are just some of the terms bandied around the staffroom at Amazon headquarters after only the briefest of cross-examinations by Baroness Hodge, and with good reason.
She exemplifies how to be an effective and tenacious change-maker in Parliament.
For more than a decade, she has been the scourge of tax-dodgers and kleptocrats, white-collar criminals and oligarchs alike.
It was a pleasure to work alongside her in the battle against dirty money and economic crime.
I look forward to continuing her important work, both in this place and on the Public Accounts Committee.
Before I take Members on a walking tour of my constituency, I would just like to say thank you to the people who got me here.
My parents, my wider family, my friends and my partner have always had my back.
They have always supported my endeavours, and they have given so much to ensure that every opportunity was made available to me.
Thank you.
There is something deeply personnel about being able to represent your home.
It is an honour to be able represent my friends, my family, my neighbours and my former classmates.
In the years ahead, I look forward to rigorously standing up for all the communities that make up South Dorset.