The Government will not scrimp on our national security; however, I am sure that the House will understand that it is not normal practice for the UK to reveal the value of payments for military bases anywhere across the globe, because to do so would put at risk their future secure operation.
The deal will also deliver benefits for the Chagossian community, who were removed from the islands in the 1960s and 1970s.
I know that the whole House has already expressed, and will join me in again expressing, regret for that shameful episode.
Mauritius will now be able to implement a programme of resettlement to the islands, other than Diego Garcia, and we will work together to start a programme of visits for Chagossians to all the islands.
The UK will finance a new trust fund for Mauritius to support Chagossians, and will provide additional Government support to those living in the UK.
All Chagossians will of course remain eligible for British citizenship and free to make their home in the UK.
We will work with Mauritius to ensure the continued protection of the islands’ unique environment, with the shared objective of securing and protecting one of the world’s most important marine environments.
That will include the establishment of a Mauritius marine protected area.
The agreement also shuts down the possibility of the Indian ocean being used as a dangerous illegal migration route to the UK, with Mauritius taking responsible for any future arrivals.
The long-term protection of the base on Diego Garcia has been the shared UK and US priority throughout.
This agreement secures its future.
We look forward to engaging with the incoming US Administration.
I congratulate both President Trump and Dr Ramgoolam on their recent election victories in the US and Mauritius respectively, and we look forward to working with their Governments on this matter.
The agreement is in all sides’ shared interests, and in our national security interest.
Mauritius has no legal or historical claim to sovereignty over a group of islands that are 1,300 miles away from it, and the opinion of the International Court of Justice was purely advisory.
There is no legal reason why we have to do any of this.
I warned the Foreign Secretary six weeks ago in this Chamber that it was an enormous mistake to do this, given that we had a US presidential election coming up on  5 November .
Ministers might say to me, “It’s okay—the United States is fully in favour.”
Really?
I can tell the House that the incoming national security adviser Mike Waltz has form on this, going right back to when  the right hon.
Member for Braintree (Mr Cleverly)  was doing his best to give away the sovereignty of the Chagos islands; indeed, Mike Waltz wrote to Secretary of State Blinken at the time.
I assure the House, having been in America last week and knowing the incoming US Defence Secretary very well, that there is outright hostility towards this deal.
Whatever is said about a lease agreement, these agreements can very easily be broken, as we saw with Hong Kong.
Diego Garcia was described to me by a senior Trump adviser as the most important island on the planet for America, so the Minister will find outright hostility.
By the way, what happened to the Chagossian people was truly awful, but they are unanimous in their wish not to live under Mauritian rule; they want to live under British rule because they trust us.
There is no basis for this agreement.
If the Government continue with it, they will be at conflict with a country without which we would be defenceless.
I am afraid I fundamentally disagree with what the hon.
Gentleman said.
Let me be clear: this Government inherited a situation whereby the long-term secure operation of this crucial military base—he is right on that one point—was under threat.