Members should contrast that with the Leader of the Opposition, who said that the minimum wage was hurting businesses, or the shadow Chancellor, who called the minimum wage a “burden”.
Does the Prime Minister agree that those comments underline that the Tories have no interest in protecting working people or boosting the income of the lowest paid?
It was the last Labour Government who introduced the national minimum wage—in the teeth of opposition from the Tory party.
I am proud that this Government have now increased it by over 16%.
That means an increase of over £2,500 a year for a full-time worker aged 18 to 20.
Whether it is our Employment Rights Bill or decisions at the Budget, this is a Government who are proudly on the side of Britain’s working people.
Now that Sue Gray has, remarkably, turned down the opportunity to be the Prime Minister’s special envoy to the nations, will he finally admit that it was an invented job on taxpayers’ money for one of his cronies?
If it wasn’t, is he going to hire a new one?
It wasn’t.
I represent loads of hard-working mums and dads in Tipton, Wednesbury and Coseley.
Last week, the Leader of the Opposition’s campaign chair, Rachel Maclean, said it was not the right decision for the Tories to expand childcare provision.
Will the Prime Minister confirm that this Labour Government believe in supporting working families and will work to get them the childcare they need?
Let me be absolutely clear: this Government are committed to making childcare more affordable and accessible.
The Tory party voted against making life easier for working families.
They have learned absolutely nothing.
We are committed to providing £1.8 billion to expand access across childcare, creating 3,000 new school-based nurseries and family hubs.
I am proud that we are taking the country in the right direction.
Article 2 of the United Nations genocide convention makes it explicit that genocide is not about numbers; it is about intent.
The intent of the Israeli Government and the Israel Defence Forces has been explicit in words and actions over the past 400 days, with more than 45,000 innocent men, women and children killed.
On 28 October, the Foreign Secretary denied that a genocide was even taking place and suggested that the Israeli army had not yet killed enough Palestinians to constitute a genocide.
Last week at Prime Minister’s questions, the Prime Minister stated that he has never referred to the atrocities happening in Gaza as a genocide.
Will he share his definition of genocide with the House and state what further action he is prepared to take to save the lives of desperate and starving men, women and children, given that we now hold the presidency of the United Nations Security Council?
It would be wise to start a question like that by a reference to what happened in October of last year.
I am well aware of the definition of genocide, and that is why I have never described this or referred to it as genocide.
My constituent’s daughter, Bethany Rae Fields, was brutally murdered by her ex-boyfriend in 2019, despite raising multiple alarms of her abuse to the police.
This week, Bethany’s mother Pauline travelled down to Parliament to bring her case to the Minister.
Does the Prime Minister agree with Pauline that more needs to be done to shift the culture towards believing victims and reacting fast when they sound the alarm of concern, as one way to reduce violence against women and girls?
What happened to Bethany is appalling, and my thoughts, as I am sure are those of the whole House, are with her family.
We need a culture shift here, and we have committed to halving violence against women and girls in a decade.
No Government have ever made that commitment before, and I hope that can be something that is shared across the House, because this is so important.