Will the Chancellor outline how she is promoting cross-departmental working and planning as part of the spending review?
The Chief Secretary to the Treasury is working closely in a constructive way to bring together clusters of colleagues to discuss some of the pressing issues that span Departments and that no one Department can address on its own, whether that is reform of special educational needs and disabilities provision for early years, or tackling issues around homelessness and the cost of temporary accommodation.
We are working cross-Government to address some of those cross-cutting issues.
The Chancellor is right to focus on increasing economic growth, so will she please explain why my office is still waiting for a response on behalf of a small business to a letter that I sent on  12 December , asking her to look into the impacts of her national insurance rise on small businesses?
We asked for an update on  11 February , I raised a point of order on  10 March , and I still have not had a response.
Will she please get a response to me as soon as possible?
I will follow up on that issue.
The smallest businesses—those that employ the equivalent of four people on the national living wage—will be paying no national insurance at all from this April.
Up to 1 million of the smallest businesses will be paying less or the same national insurance as they were paying previously.
I call the Chair of the Treasury Committee.
Since the spring statement the world has been rocked by the announcements by President Trump on tariffs last week.
It is an event as significant as the financial crisis of 2008, or perhaps as covid, and in those instances the state unleashed everything it could to try to resolve those issues.
Is the Chancellor considering changing any of her rules to ensure that everything that the state can throw at this problem is being done?
It is incredibly important to retain cool heads at this moment.
The tariffs have been imposed, and we are working closely with our friends and counterparts in the United States to reduce the impact from those, not just in the UK but around the world as well.
As I said in my opening remarks, at the same time we are looking to secure better trading relationships with some of our biggest trading partners around the  world.
Of course, as we did yesterday, we are looking at some of the sectoral responses, including on life sciences, automotives and steel, but the fiscal rules are very important for giving our country the stability it needs.
We saw what happened when the previous Government lost control of the public finances: it resulted in interest rates going through the roof, meaning higher costs for businesses and for working families.
We will not make those mistakes.
That is why the fiscal rules are non-negotiable and stability for this Government is sacrosanct.
Is now not the right time to start trying to make our own luck?
In that light, would it not also be the right time for the Chancellor to give the green light to the upgrade of the A66 between Penrith and Scotch Corner?
Some 25% of traffic on that A road is freight, which is twice the average for A roads across the country, and it is outrageous that so much of the road is single carriageway.
Would it not be great for the economy, as well as save lives, if the Chancellor gave the upgrade the green light today?
Impressive.
We will be considering all such schemes as part of the spending review, but I agree with the hon.
Gentleman that we need to go further and faster to grow our economy.