As the hon.
Lady and I have discussed in several debates in recent months, the decision we took on agricultural property relief and business property relief was difficult, but it was the right and balanced one to ensure we protect family farms and small businesses while fixing the public finances in a fair way.
Fixing the public finances is in the interest of every Member of this House and all the constituents we represent, because it underpins the investment we are putting into the future of this country and into getting the economy growing.
Many thousands of my constituents in Paisley and Renfrewshire South work in and rely on public services that are on their knees after 18 years of under-investment by the SNP Government at Holyrood.
Will my right hon.
Friend set out how the views of my constituents will be reflected in the spending review?
Because of the decisions that we made in the Budget last year, we were able to provide a record settlement for Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland.
It is a shame that the SNP MPs are not in the Chamber today.
It is now the SNP’s responsibility to spend that money wisely and invest in public services.
We are bringing down NHS waiting lists in England and Wales; the same cannot be said of Scotland.
In July 2023, my constituent Alison claimed a refund of overpaid tax that was mistakenly paid twice.
In February 2024, she was told that her claim would be assessed by  20 March , in July 2024 she was told that it would be by  22 October , and in December she was told that she could not have a date but that the department had definitely received her  claim 16 months previously.
She has heard nothing since.
Will the Chancellor agree to meet me to discuss this very vexed situation for someone who has very little money, given that this claim is nearly 21 months delayed?
I was sorry to hear about the hon.
Lady’s constituent’s experience with, I assume, His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs.
Even though, as the Minister with responsibility for HMRC, I cannot get directly involved in individual cases, I am happy to raise it with HMRC and make sure that it gives the matter proper attention to try and resolve it.
Local businesses have huge potential to create local growth in our community.
It was fantastic to see my right hon.
Friend the Chief Secretary to the Treasury visiting Derby South earlier this year and engaging with business leaders.
Does the Minister agree that continued engagement with business leaders is absolutely key to building the business confidence that we so desperately need and which was shattered by the previous Government?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question and for the invitation to join him in his constituency.
I very much enjoyed the regional reception with business leaders, as I have done in every region and nation across the country during the spending review.
We will continue to work hand in glove with them to unlock investment, create jobs and create growth for everybody, across the whole country.
Earlier, when the Chancellor was talking about the impact of tariffs, she pledged that the Government would act in our national interest.
How can it be in the whole national interest, so long as the trade laws governing Northern Ireland are not the trade laws of the UK but those of a foreign jurisdiction, namely the EU?
We have an urgent question shortly.
We inherited the settlement made by the previous Government, as the hon.
and learned Member will know.
There is a summit between the UK and the EU on  18 May  where we will be looking to reduce the barriers to trade between the whole of the United Kingdom and the European Union.