We recently published a regulation action plan, and committed to cutting the administrative costs of regulation for businesses by 25% by the end of this Parliament.
We are going further, faster than ever before to streamline regulation and make Britain the best place in the world to do business.
The Minister will know that both domestic and international investors are often influenced by decisions taken by multiple agencies, regulators, and indeed Government Departments, which is why consistency is key.
Can the Minister update the House on how the Treasury is supporting a whole-of-Government and whole-of-regulator approach to delivering coherent UK regulatory frameworks that strike a balance between protecting consumers and boosting the global competitiveness of the UK economy?
This is a whole-of-Government approach, and we have secured 60 commitments from key regulators to improving the business environment.
The Government are streamlining regulation and stripping back its duplication, to ultimately deliver a regulatory system that encourages new investment, innovation and growth.
Inward investment projects in Scotland grew by 12.7% in 2023, compared with 6% across the rest of the United Kingdom.
2023 saw record investment in Scotland, which maintained its position as the top-performing area of the UK for the ninth year running.
International businesses want to locate in Scotland because they understand that GDP per person in Scotland has grown by 10.5%, compared with 6.5% in the rest of the UK, since 2007.
What impact does the Chancellor think her fiscal interventions since October will have on the attractiveness of Scotland as a destination, and what discussions has she had with the Scottish Government about the jeopardy that she has placed our economy in?
The Chancellor delivered the biggest ever settlement for Scotland in October 2024, and I think the answer is “thank you”.
I call the shadow Minister.
There is a great deal of speculation about the future of the cash individual savings account.
As we know, it is an important savings mechanism for many savers across the country, all of whom will be dismayed at the loss of a significant cash savings opportunity.
Just as importantly, cutting cash ISAs will deprive building societies of important funds for their balance sheets, reducing the amount of capital available for the residential mortgage market.
This point has been raised with me by the mutual societies.
Given that the loss of the cash ISA would have a profound effect on mutuals’ ability to raise debt capital, what research have the Government undertaken to establish the extent of the damage that such a measure might inflict on the residential mortgage market, which is not just important for all our constituents, but crucial for the 1.5 million new homes that the Government propose building?
I work closely with the mutuals and other financial services firms, and I think the hon.
Member is slightly jumping the gun, if he does not mind my saying so.
We are considering options to reform ISAs, but we need to get the balance right between cash and equities.
We know that many people have investments in cash ISAs who could think about investing in our capital markets, which would be a win for them through higher returns, and also for the economy.
However, we absolutely understand the role that cash savings play in people having money for a rainy day.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to support people on the lowest incomes following the spring statement 2025.
Helping people into good work and financial independence is at the heart of our approach to supporting people on the lowest incomes.
That is why we have increased the national living wage by 6.7%, which is equal to £1,400 this year for someone working full-time.
Our plan to make work pay will tackle the poor job security and working conditions that have been holding back our economy, and the pathways to work Green Paper announced an additional £1 billion investment in employment, health and skills support.