Does the Secretary of State agree that strengthening relationships not just with the European Union but with the Republic of Ireland Government can put Northern Ireland into a pivotal position to navigate this new uncertainty?
We are all having to navigate this new uncertainty as a result of the decision that the US Administration have made.
It is certainly true that leaving the European Union has created new complexities.
The reason why there is a Windsor framework is that there are two entities—the United Kingdom and the European Union—with different trading rules but an open border, and some method therefore had to be found to deal with the consequence of that.
As I have said to the House before, trying to wish away that basic fact has not really worked.
It is important that we keep cool heads.
There will be attempts, subsequent to my question, to relitigate the Brexit wars.
The fact of the matter is that the 2019 Brexit deal and the Windsor framework give Northern Ireland a unique competitive advantage: 10% exports and access to the single market.
Will the Secretary of State consider a rapid automatic reimbursement scheme, as the shadow Secretary of State alluded to?
That scheme is at the centre of easing tensions should there be retaliation on the EU side.
The right hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right about the benefits that the Windsor framework has given businesses in Northern Ireland in terms of access to the EU market.
I would just say to him that, in the event of EU retaliatory tariffs, “rapid automatic” does not quite square with the needs of businesses in Northern Ireland that import American goods, because they have to demonstrate that those goods are not then moving on to the European Union.
That requires them to provide evidence to HMRC in order to get the tariff reimbursed.
I thank the Secretary of State for his initial response to the urgent question.
Of course, this situation is a reminder that the people of Northern Ireland were absolutely right to oppose Brexit in that referendum.
I am really disappointed that the shadow Secretary of State started his supplementary question by complaining about the lowest-paid workers in Northern Ireland getting a pay rise—absolutely incredible.
The Secretary of State touched on the trade negotiations between the UK and the United States.
Can he reassure us that the situation in Northern Ireland is absolutely at the heart of those negotiations?
I am very happy to assure my hon.
Friend that the interests of all parts of the United Kingdom, including Northern Ireland, are uppermost in the minds of all Ministers in trying to deal with the situation we now find ourselves in.
The Secretary of State says that the EU will take action on tariffs in its best interests, but businesses in Northern Ireland expect the Government to take action in the best interests of the United Kingdom—including Northern Ireland, which is part of the United Kingdom.
He talks about how this can all be resolved by the reimbursement scheme.
The fact of the matter is that the reimbursement scheme has failed.
Businesses have to produce masses of information, and there are delays in payments—some businesses have to wait for hundreds of thousands of pounds to be reimbursed in taxes.
That is not the answer.
Surely, the answer is for the UK to collect the taxes that we impose on American goods and leave the EU to collect the taxes that it imposes.
What the right hon.
Gentleman proposes ignores the reality that faces Northern Ireland as a result of the United Kingdom’s decision to leave the European Union, and the fact that there was a problem that had to be solved.
The duty reimbursement scheme owes its existence to the Windsor framework.