In terms of buying British, I think everyone will make their own decisions.
What we do not want to see is a trade war, with Britain becoming inward-looking, because if every country in the world decided that they wanted only to buy things produced in their country, that would not be a good way forward.
Our country has benefited hugely from access to global markets, and we  will continue to want to be able to do that, because that is in our national interest, for working people and businesses in this country.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer was asked—
What steps she is taking to help tackle tax evasion.
Closing the tax gap and ensuring that everyone is paying the tax they owe is one of the Government’s top priorities.
The autumn Budget marked a step change to close the tax gap with the most ambitious package ever.
The Government built on that in the spring statement, taking the total additional gross tax revenue raised per year to £7.5 billion by 2029-30.
The UK tax gap grew by a shocking £5 billion in 2023, in the dying days of the Conservatives, and former Chancellor Nadhim Zahawi was sacked for failing to declare an investigation by His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs into his tax affairs.
I welcome the Treasury’s crackdown on tax avoidance.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that Labour’s prudence with a purpose will be shown by investing those taxes in the child poverty strategy this summer?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his remarks.
He is right to say that the £7.5 billion of additional revenue from closing the tax gap is a huge boost to the public finances, which enables us responsibly to fund public services and deliver key priorities.
Those priorities include free breakfast clubs at all primary schools in England.
The first 750 of them are beginning this month via our early adopters scheme, which is worth £450 to parents and carers.
To go further the Government will bring forward their comprehensive child poverty strategy as soon as possible.
What steps are the Government taking to address the concerns of overseas companies that are evading VAT and online sales by fraudulently registering UK addresses?
At the spring statement the hon.
Gentleman will have seen the Government set out progress on measures in the autumn Budget to tackle a range of sources of tax avoidance and the tax gap.
That includes prosecuting more fraudsters, introducing a new HMRC reward scheme for informants, tackling phoenixism and tackling the offshore non-compliance tax gap.
What steps she is taking through the spending review to help increase levels of economic growth.
Growth is the No.1 priority of this Government.
That is why in the autumn Budget and the spring statement we unlocked an additional £113 billion for capital spending, compared with the plans that we inherited from the previous Government.
Yesterday we announced significant support for the automotive sector and life sciences, and ahead of the spending review in June we have announced the roll-out of an additional 60,000 places in construction skills so that we can build the homes and infrastructure that our country desperately needs.
To drive progress on our growth mission and get the most out of taxpayers’ money, it is vital that Departments work collaboratively and not at odds with each other.
Will the Chancellor outline how she is promoting cross-departmental working and planning as part of the spending review?
The Chief Secretary to the Treasury is working closely in a constructive way to bring together clusters of colleagues to discuss some of the pressing issues that span Departments and that no one Department can address on its own, whether that is reform of special educational needs and disabilities provision for early years, or tackling issues around homelessness and the cost of temporary accommodation.
We are working cross-Government to address some of those cross-cutting issues.