It was part of the discussion that I had with US Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent last week.
But we have been clear that nothing is off the table.
That is why we will continue to back British businesses during these uncertain times, particularly in industries that are most affected, as we rebuild our industrial base here in Britain.
We showed that backing yesterday when the Prime Minister and I announced new measures to give British car makers certainty and stability, and to support them on the transition to electric vehicles.
We have put forward plans to support our life sciences sector by cutting back  the time it will take to set up clinical trials in the UK.
It is why we are working with our international allies to reduce barriers to trade right across the world.
Over recent days I have had discussions with my counterparts in Canada, Australia, Ireland, France and Spain, and with the European Commission.
We will pursue those talks in earnest.
Tomorrow, I will hold talks with the Indian Government as part of our two nations’ economic and financial dialogue, as we seek to secure a new trade deal with India.
Finally, we must go further and faster in our mission to kick-start economic growth.
I know that the challenges facing the global economy, and their potential impact, could be profound.
As a Government, we must step up to that challenge to deliver security for working people through our plan for change, which is underpinned by stability, reform and investment—prioritising the builders, not the blockers; reforming our public services, not defending the status quo; investing in our long-term infrastructure, not cutting it for the short term.
Security for working people, renewal for Britain—that is our focus, and that is what this Government will deliver.
I call the shadow Chancellor.
I thank the right hon.
Lady for advance notice of her comments.
This is a time of great concern for millions of people up and down our country, for businesses, and, as an open-trading nation, for our economy at large.
Free trade has been the bedrock of prosperity for our country, and for many countries around the world, for decades.
It has raised billions of people out of poverty.
Tariffs are the enemy of free trade, and we on the Conservative Benches will do whatever we can to assist the Government in getting those tariffs down.
Having said that, of course we will never cease to be an effective Opposition who vigorously hold the Government to account—not least on the disastrous decisions that they have already taken in respect of our economy.
We will be responsible when it comes to these matters, particularly where market sensitivities are engaged.
I want to ask the right hon.
Lady the following questions.
First, could she provide further details of the US negotiations and specifically whether further meetings with Scott Bessent and others have been arranged that involve her?
Secondly, which areas beyond tariffs are being discussed in those negotiations?
Thirdly, which sectors beyond cars and life sciences are being considered for potential Government support?
Finally, could she update the House on what options there are for protecting sectors of the economy that might be affected by the dumping of goods as a consequence of trade diversion?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for that response and for his offer to work constructively.
I know from my time as shadow Chancellor that those moments when we can work constructively together in the national interest, whether in response to covid or in supporting Ukraine against the aggression of Russia, are when this House is at its best.
The shadow Chancellor asked for further details in a number of areas.
Discussions are ongoing across a range of Government Departments, including the Treasury, with the United States, and I will be meeting US Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent shortly.