Impressive.
We will be considering all such schemes as part of the spending review, but I agree with the hon.
Gentleman that we need to go further and faster to grow our economy.
That is why we are spending £113 billion more on capital investment in this Parliament, compared to the plans that we inherited, which means that we can upgrade more roads, rail lines and energy infrastructure, and build the 1.5 million homes our country needs too.
I call the shadow Minister.
Two weeks ago, the spring statement rushed through changes to disability benefits, or “pocket money” to the Chief Secretary to the Treasury, to help plug the £14 billion gap in public finances created by the first Labour Budget.
Now we are already in the Office for Budget Responsibility’s scenario 2 on tariffs, and the Chancellor is once again forecast to be out of room on her fiscal targets.
What does she plan to ask the Chief Secretary to the Treasury to do to update departmental budgets in his multi-year spending review in order to avoid punishing businesses and people once again with further taxes?
The hon.
Gentleman is jumping the gun somewhat.
We delivered the spring statement just two weeks ago, in which we were able to restore the fiscal headroom after the change in global bond yields.
We will set out the Budget in the autumn, moving to one fiscal event a year, which is very different from the multiple Budgets we had from the previous Government.
We have set the spending totals for the spending review and we will be setting out the departmental allocations on  11 June .
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of her tax policies on investment in second homes.
While short-term lets and second homes can benefit the tourist economy, we recognise that they can impact the availability and affordability of main homes in some  communities.
That is why we have enabled councils to charge a premium of up to 100% on the council tax bills of second homes, increased the higher rates of stamp duty land tax on the purchase of second homes and abolished the furnished holiday lets tax regime.
I am grateful to the Minister for that response, but I believe we can go further, because this is not about the politics of envy but about the politics of social justice.
In Cornwall, it cannot be right that through the small business rate relief system, over £500 million of taxpayers’ money has gone into the pockets of holiday homeowners in the last 10 years.
Many of those homeowners have flipped their second homes into the small business rating system to take advantage of that loophole.
Will the Minister meet me so that we can find a more equitable way of spending public money that goes into first homes rather than second homes?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his remarks.
I agree with him about the importance of taking the right action to tackle second homes.
I understand he had a meeting with the Minister for Housing and Planning last week, and I would be happy to follow up any items that arose from that.
Our plan to build more homes includes 4,500 new homes in every year in Cornwall, and I hope he will support those building plans too.
I wish to add my voice as an MP from Cornwall to say that some of the actions the Government have taken so far on second homes have been really helpful.
The Renters’ Rights Bill will help with those evictions when people are flipping their houses.
I also ask that we look at the loophole between council tax and business rates, and at the registration or licensing scheme on second homes, which the Government will hopefully bring in soon.
I appreciate the concerns that second home owners may move to the business rates system.