Returning to Ockham Bites and its fantastic cakes and tea, it has suffered big financial losses for a small business.
There have also been problems with water, and all those things combined have forced the owner to make serious personal and professional adjustments, including relocating their home and dealing with heightened stress levels.
These two businesses’ stories are of very different scales, but they highlight a serious flaw in current legislation.
We should not be leaving small businesses, charities and other organisations struggling financially and potentially failing due to multi-year infrastructure projects.
Not only are those organisations the lifeblood of our communities; they are fundamental to our economic success.
I hope that Ministers will agree to meet me and work to find a way to support those businesses, and commit to reviewing the legislation to ensure that their stories are not repeated and that future multi-year infrastructure projects are delivered without leaving key parts of our local economy and community behind.
I want to close on a positive note in this afternoon’s fantastic debate by giving a cheeky little encouragement to everyone in the Chamber, if they have not yet experienced RHS Wisley or their local RHS garden, to please go and enjoy them during the Easter recess.
I also echo my hon.
Friend  the Member for Mid Dorset and North Poole (Vikki Slade)  in encouraging Members and the public, when enjoying the great outdoors, to be fire safe.
Finally, I hope that all Members of this House and all  the staff, security and police have a restorative Easter, and I thank  the hon.
Member for Harrow East (Bob Blackman)  for leading the debate.
Before we come to Treasury questions, I have agreed to a request from the Chancellor to make some brief comments about the global financial situation, following which the shadow Chancellor and the Liberal Democrat spokesperson will be allowed to respond and ask a question.
I will then call other hon.
Members to ask the questions on the Order Paper in the usual way.
Other Members may well wish to refer to the Chancellor’s comments in their supplementary or topical questions, and I will take a more liberal view of the scope of supplementary questions than is usually the case.
I call the Chancellor of the Exchequer.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
As you say, I would like to make some brief remarks on the current economic situation.
The United States decision to impose tariffs has had, and will continue to have, huge implications for the world economy.
These implications have been reflected in the reaction we have seen in global markets in recent days, which the financial authorities have of course been monitoring closely.
This morning, I spoke to the Governor of the Bank of England, who confirmed that markets are functioning effectively and that our banking system is resilient.
I know, too, that this is an anxious time for families, who are worried about the cost of living—we have your backs.
British businesses are worried about what a changing world will mean for them—we have your backs, too.
This Government are clear-eyed that our response to global change cannot be to watch and wait, but instead to act decisively, to take the right decisions that are in our national interest, protecting working people.
All the decisions that we make as a Government will be underpinned by the stability of our non-negotiable fiscal rules.
A trade war is in nobody’s interests.
That is why we must remain pragmatic and cool-headed, and pursue the best deal with the United States in our national interest.
That remains our priority.
It was part of the discussion that I had with US Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent last week.
But we have been clear that nothing is off the table.
That is why we will continue to back British businesses during these uncertain times, particularly in industries that are most affected, as we rebuild our industrial base here in Britain.