From the start of 2026-27, her combined authority will receive a single flexible pot through its integrated settlement.
Integrated settlements will allow local leaders across the UK to deliver important projects for their areas, including high streets.
To fulfil our manifesto pledge, we intend to introduce permanently lower tax rates for retail, hospitality and leisure properties—including those on high streets—from 2026-27.
Everton, in my constituency, is the most deprived area in the country, and residents have received a double blow as a result of the imminent closure of Lloyds Bank and the planned closure of the Crown post office, which will have a devastating impact on residents and businesses alike.
Will the Minister agree to meet me to discuss those closures and the desperate need for a banking hub in the area?
As every constituency MP will know, the closure of banking services on our high streets is always a difficult decision.
The Government are committed to championing access by rolling out banking hubs across the country.
We are committed to delivering 350 of those hubs, and 220 have already been announced.
The closure of the post office that my hon.
Friend mentions will trigger a further cash access assessment for her constituency.
I would be pleased to arrange a meeting for her with the relevant Minister to look at the options for her constituency.
rose—
Is there a Liverpool overspill in Strangford?
I call Jim Shannon.
The Minister’s response is key.
He is right to highlight the issues, whether they are in Liverpool, Everton, Cardiff, Edinburgh, Belfast or Strangford.
In Northern Ireland, we have made the most of over-the-shops apartment conversions as opportunities for housing.
Does the Minister agree that the possibilities for the regeneration of high streets and town centres also include housing opportunities?
We have a shared ambition to ensure that our high streets are thriving communities for the people who live, shop or work there.
We are delivering an integrated settlement for combined authority mayors in England, and have delivered a real-terms increase in funding for the Northern Ireland Executive—the largest since devolution began—to invest in exactly those types of local projects.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
To follow on from what  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon)  said, high streets up and down the land, be they in  Liverpool Riverside, St Albans or anywhere else, have just been hit with the double whammy of the jobs tax and higher business rates bills.
What steps are Ministers taking to prevent an epidemic of boarded-up shop fronts in the next 12 months, before the new rate comes in next year?
As I have informed the House already, we are committed to supporting independent businesses and retailers on the high street.
The change to employer national insurance contributions was designed to support smaller businesses in our country; over 50% of businesses will pay the same national insurance as before, or less than they did under the previous regime.
The hon.
Lady alluded to the fact that we are bringing forward permanent deductions in business rate taxation for the retail, hospitality and leisure sector, which will be important for the long-term sustainability of the businesses she mentions.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of her Department’s regulatory policies on trends in the level of investment.
We have heard from UK businesses that our regulatory system often holds back growth and investment.
We recently published a regulation action plan, and committed to cutting the administrative costs of regulation for businesses by 25% by the end of this Parliament.
We are going further, faster than ever before to streamline regulation and make Britain the best place in the world to do business.
The Minister will know that both domestic and international investors are often influenced by decisions taken by multiple agencies, regulators, and indeed Government Departments, which is why consistency is key.