The Government have had six months and £63 billion.
How much money has gone out of the door for those oven-ready projects across the country?
The hon.
Member will be excited to know that the Business Secretary will be announcing in the coming weeks that shovels are already in the ground, or will be going into the ground, for some projects.
I am a very good colleague to Ministers, so I am not going to pre-empt that announcement today.
A recent PWC survey showed that the UK is now the second most attractive investment destination among global chief executives, ahead of countries such as China, Germany and India.
That shows that the Government’s careful stewardship of our economy has led to stability within the global landscape.
Does the Minister agree that the UK is now open for business after years of Conservative chaos?
My hon.
Friend consistently asks good questions that go to the heart of the matter.
If I look back over the past 14 years, I see that British business investment has been the lowest in the G7 year after year.
We are going to put that right.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to increase economic growth through new transport infrastructure.
The growth mission is the central mission of this Government.
At the Budget, we delivered a £1.1 billion cash increase to the transport budget for 2025-26 compared with 2024-25, representing a 1.5% real-terms increase.
We will set out further spending plans for transport in June.
What value does my right hon.
Friend expect that the recently announced and much-anticipated Portishead and Pill railway line will add to the local economy of my constituency of North Somerset?
First, I congratulate my hon.
Friend on his campaigning on this issue.
As I represent the neighbouring constituency, I declare that the project may have some indirect benefit for my constituents.
I can confirm to the House that the project supports regional and national strategic objectives.
The West of England is the most productive city region outside of London, and it is set to continue to grow.
An efficient and reliable rail link between Bristol and Portishead will support a range of large and small sites for housing and employment across the region, halving journey times and opening a wide range of job and leisure opportunities for the residents of North Somerset.
If steel production ceases or is curtailed at the Scunthorpe steelworks, there will be a massive impact on the wider economy in northern Lincolnshire.
Can the Minister give an assurance that contingency plans, including improvements to transport infrastructure, are in place should the worst happen?
We recognise how important this issue is for the hon.
Member’s constituency, the region and, indeed, the national economy.
My ministerial colleagues in the Department for Business and Trade are in discussions on this particular issue, but in our infrastructure strategy we are considering, as he would expect, the best value for aligning investments between housing, rail, energy and other types of infrastructure to deliver growth for everyone, in every region of the country.
I call the shadow Minister.
We know that the Energy Secretary is against airport expansion unless it is in Doncaster, and we know that many Labour MPs are against airport expansion unless it is in Pakistan.
To be fair, at least the Chancellor wants airport expansion actually in this country, but at the same time she is jacking up air passenger duty by as much as 16%.
Only this Chancellor could be pro-airport, but anti-passenger.
Labour’s Climate Change Committee wants to see air passenger numbers fall by 2030, so I ask the Minister: does he?
No.
What steps she is taking through the national wealth fund to increase regional economic growth.
The national wealth fund has had constructive meetings with all our mayors, and we have given a mandate to the national wealth fund to work with mayors on tailored offers for their communities.