That is thanks to a decision this Government made.
What recent assessment she has made of the potential merits of introducing a wealth tax.
If she will make an assessment of the potential implications for her policies of the findings of Oxfam’s poll on taxation, published on 25 March 2025.
This Government are committed to ensuring that the wealthiest in our society pay their fair share of tax.
The Chancellor announced a series of reforms at autumn   Budget 2024 to help fix the public finances as fairly as possible.
Those reforms included increasing the rates of capital gains tax, increasing air passenger duty for private jets, and raising stamp duty for buyers of second or more homes.
Analysis from a number of disability groups shows that the “Pathways to Work” Green Paper will have a detrimental effect on more than 3 million people, while polling from Oxfam shows that 77% of the public would rather the UK Government increased taxes on the very richest than cut the benefits of the poorest in society.
Should we not be looking at raising funds from those with the broadest shoulders?
As I made clear earlier, the Government have already made changes to make the tax system fairer, and to ensure that the wealthiest pay their fair share.
The reforms to the welfare system are principled reforms to tackle perverse incentives that encourage inactivity.
We need to support those in most need, get people back into work wherever possible, and protect the sustainability of the welfare system.
Let us be frank and not spin it: for 14 years, we saw austerity that ripped the heart out of communities; we then had a global pandemic, during which inequality was accelerated; and we are still feeling the effects of a cost of living crisis that is making ordinary people poorer.
The public do not want cuts or austerity—they want an annual wealth tax on the very wealthiest in society.
Is it not time we had a Government who do something different, give people what they want, and are willing to redistribute wealth for the benefit of many in society, and to improve living standards?
I politely suggest that if my hon.
Friend thinks we are imposing austerity, he has not read the Budget very carefully.
It contains increases to revenue spending in all Departments—across the public spending envelope—and an increase in capital investment.
We are ensuring that we build for the future while protecting our fiscal rules.
Let me be clear: those fiscal rules are not a nice-to-have addition to the way we approach the economy.
Fiscal irresponsibility has a huge cost, as we saw under the previous Government.
We support the Government in trying to determine a fair level of tax, especially for the very wealthy.
However, will the Minister establish, if he can, the number of people who might leave the country as a result of a wealth tax, and therefore pay no income tax whatsoever?
The hon.
Gentleman makes an important point: we need to ensure that the wealthiest in society pay their fair share, while also attracting talent from around the world to the UK to work, invest and help to grow our economy.
It is on the back of that investment and economic growth that we will make people across the UK better off, and get more money into their pockets.
What steps she is taking to ensure rural communities have access to banking hubs.
What steps she is taking to help protect in-person banking.
The Government understand the importance of in-person banking to communities and are working closely with the industry to roll out 350 banking hubs across the UK.
More than 220 hubs have already been announced, of which more than 135 are already open.
Rural communities such as Settle in North Yorkshire are really struggling with the loss of face-to-face banking services.
Link hubs are one route for them to replace the banks that are closing.