The Renters’ Rights Bill will help with those evictions when people are flipping their houses.
I also ask that we look at the loophole between council tax and business rates, and at the registration or licensing scheme on second homes, which the Government will hopefully bring in soon.
I appreciate the concerns that second home owners may move to the business rates system.
I emphasise that there are requirements that must be met before properties can be assessed for business rates.
Those have recently been strengthened, but we will keep them under review.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to increase the affordability of new homes.
The Prime Minister and the Deputy Prime Minister have set out our ambitions to build 1.5 million homes during this Parliament as part of our plan for change.
At the spring statement I announced steps towards that ambition, with an additional £2 billion investment in social and affordable housing next year as a down payment on further investment at the spending review in June.
I welcome the Chancellor’s “build, build, build” policy, but with temporary housing in London costing £4 million a day, soaring rents and a frozen local housing allowance, it is no wonder that London councils fear going bankrupt and having to rehouse people from  outside the capital, where only 5% of homes are affordable.
In the comprehensive spending review, will my right hon.
Friend look into possibly uprating this stingy Tory legacy, so that Londoners are not forced out of London?
The key thing we need to do is build the homes our country desperately needs.
That is why I put £600 million of investment into creating 60,000 additional places for people to learn the construction skills we need, and into good jobs, paying decent wages and building the homes we need.
That is also why we are reforming the planning system, so that we can actually get those homes built.
We are backing the builders, not the blockers, which is what the Conservatives did.
At the weekend, The Times revealed the problems in the retirement housing market, in terms of both new builds and resales, and many of my constituents have been experiencing a loss on the houses and flats that they have inherited.
Does the Chancellor consider the housing market to be adequately providing decent, affordable homes for those who are downsizing as well as first-time buyers?
I would be very happy to arrange a meeting for the hon.
Lady with the relevant Minister to discuss some of those specific issues around retirement properties.
She makes a really important point.
We need to make it easier for people to downsize to free up those properties, including in the private sector, so that more homes are available for families.
What steps she is taking to increase economic growth in the north-east.
Securing economic growth across the country is the Government’s No.
1 mission.
We are working in partnership with the Mayor of the North East, providing the North East combined authority with an integrated funding settlement from ’26-27, and working with it on its local growth plan.
The combined authority has identified a key growth corridor sweeping across my constituency, but a historical lack of investment to upgrade the Moor Farm and Seaton Burn roundabouts causes relentless disruption and holds back growth, investment and opportunity.
There is a business plan in the north-east growth plan and in the road investment strategy.
Does the Minister agree that that is exactly the sort of scheme that this Labour Government should support to boost economic growth in every region?
The Government are committed to improving roads.
We agreed a £4.8 billion settlement for National Highways and funded a £500 million uplift for local roads in this financial year.
Funding for the RIS3 programme, which my hon.