The Government are committed to improving roads.
We agreed a £4.8 billion settlement for National Highways and funded a £500 million uplift for local roads in this financial year.
Funding for the RIS3 programme, which my hon.
Friend mentioned, will be considered in phase 2 of the spending review, and I encourage her to continue to engage with the Minister for roads on this issue.
rose—
I presume Mr Lamont thinks it is north-east Scotland, rather than north-east England.
This Government decided to cancel the A1 upgrade, which will harm the economy not just in the north-east of England, but in the south of Scotland.
What economic impact assessment did the Government make before deciding to cancel that vital road link?
Nice try.
In terms of north-east growth, I have already said that we are working very closely with the Mayor of the North East combined authority.
I suggest that the hon.
Gentleman asks questions about roads relevant to his part of the country at Transport questions.
I now call the Minister to answer Alistair Carmichael’s question on the potential impact of changes to agricultural property relief and business property relief on farmers, which was omitted in error from earlier versions of the Order Paper.
If she will meet farming representatives to discuss the potential impact of changes to agricultural property relief and business property relief on farmers.
As the Minister with responsibility for the UK tax system, I have had several meetings with organisations on this matter since the autumn Budget last year.
On  18 February , I and the Minister for Food Security and Rural Affairs met the National Farmers Union, the Tenant Farmers Association, the Country Land and Business Association, the Central Association of Agricultural Valuers, the Ulster Farmers Union, NFU Cymru, NFU Scotland and the Farmers Union of Wales.
I thank the Chancellor’s human shield for that answer, but the fact that the Chancellor—who is sitting on the Front Bench—was not prepared to stand up and answer for herself demonstrates a distinct lack of respect for farmers, bordering on contempt.
Will she not meet the farming unions, the banks, the professional organisations, and even the supermarkets themselves to hear why they all think her calculations are wrong?
If the Minister wants to ask her before he stands up, I am sure we will all allow him a second or two.
That was not the most dignified question from the right hon.
Gentleman.
On the Chancellor’s behalf, I have met numerous organisations about this matter, including those I listed a moment ago.
I met the right hon.
Gentleman himself when he came to the Treasury, and of course there have been extensive debates in this place.
We may not agree on the way forward, but I do not think anyone can accuse us of not having listened.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of the UK international investment summit 2024 on levels of foreign investment.
Increasing investment in the UK, both public and private, is the Government’s absolute priority.
It is the route to restarting badly needed productivity and wage growth.
As the hon.
Member will know, at the international investment summit, companies committed to a record-breaking £63 billion-worth of investment, which is set to help to create around 30,000 jobs.
I thank the Minister for that answer.
I particularly thank him for saying that investment is the Government’s top priority, because the Government announced on  17 October  that they had secured this £63 billion.
We have heard from the Chancellor that she is going to act decisively, so I just want to check her track record on that.
The Government have had six months and £63 billion.
How much money has gone out of the door for those oven-ready projects across the country?
The hon.