The first duty of any Government is to keep the nation safe.
That is why we are increasing defence spending as a share of GDP to 2.5%—the biggest sustained increase in defence spending since the end of the cold war.
Derby has a vital role to play within the UK’s defence sector, particularly in nuclear engineering and aerospace, as demonstrated by the landmark £9 billion deal with Rolls-Royce, which will create up to 1,000 jobs in the city and protect thousands more.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I welcome the fast action by the Government to convene the automotive industry in reaction to President Trump’s damaging tariffs, but the measures in and of themselves will not create new export markets or stimulate demand here in the UK.
Will Ministers look at Liberal Democrat calls to reintroduce the plug-in car grant and equalise VAT for electric vehicle pavement charging?
Will the Government instruct the valuation office to scrap business rates for EV charging bays until the transition is complete?
The support that we announced yesterday on the phase-out of internal combustion engine cars was very much welcomed by the automotive sector.
It will give much more flexibility around the allowances and around plug-in hybrid vehicles.
All of that is welcome, but we are keeping a watching brief as well as trying to  ensure that there are new markets for cars made in Britain in other countries around the world by securing more trade deals.
What is the Chancellor doing to support businesses and boost wages in towns such as Burney, Padiham and Brierfield, which were forgotten for 14 years under the previous Government?
My hon.
Friend is doing great work supporting local businesses in Burnley, including the digital marketing start-up Door4, which I know he has been championing.
I have been contacted by many local businesses, including the Cross Keys pub in the Holt Heath nature reserve and the BEAR café in Wimborne.
They are two different venues in two different locations, but both tell me that these are the most extreme trading conditions ever seen in hospitality.
With national insurance, minimum wage and energy and food costs, will the Chancellor consider a reduction in VAT on hospitality sales to protect high streets and local producers and to save our communities?
I am unclear, given the hon.
Lady’s remarks, whether she is opposed to the increase in the national minimum wage, but she should know that we have extended support for businesses in business rates relief this year, which would have been ended entirely under the plans we inherited from the previous Government, and there will be permanently lower multipliers for retail, hospitality and leisure premises on the high street from April 2026.
As a north London MP, I know that tackling the high housing costs in this city is a priority for my constituents.
It is my belief that one route to that is investing in the country as a whole, so that we are not just flying on one London-shaped engine.
To that end, did you know, Mr Speaker, that Leeds is the largest city in western Europe that does not have a tram or a mass transit system?
That is a damning indictment of decades of economic failure.
Will the Chancellor do all she can to ensure that the Leeds tram is built as fast as possible so that her constituents and mine can be better off?
Hear, hear.
I had better declare an interest as a proud Member of Parliament for Leeds West and Pudsey.
West Yorkshire combined authority is receiving £830 million for transport spending through round 1 of the city region sustainable transport settlement.
That includes £200 million for the development of a mass transport system.
For too long Leeds has lacked this.
This Government will put that investment in and get those trams running.