Member for Grantham and Bourne (Gareth Davies)  pointed out, we are backing the airport at Doncaster, bringing more good jobs to South Yorkshire.
What discussions has the Chancellor had with the Northern Ireland Executive to ensure that the national wealth fund is used to promote economic growth in Northern Ireland?
Does she not agree that the big impediment to growth is the fact that she is taxing businesses to death?
The Office for Budget Responsibility has revised growth upwards from next year, and expects the economy to be bigger at the end of the forecast period than it thought at the time of the Budget last year.
We are using the national wealth fund, the British Business Bank and UK Export Finance to support businesses throughout the UK, and we were recently able to announce significant investment at Thales in Belfast to create jobs in the defence industry there for the export of goods to Ukraine.
What fiscal steps she is taking to support pensioners with the cost of living.
The Government’s top priorities for pensioners are to raise the state pension and to rescue the NHS.
This week more than 12 million pensioners saw their state pensions rise by 4.1%, well ahead of inflation.
That is worth an extra £470 a year for someone on the full new state pension, and £360 a year for those on the full basic state pension.
I have 250 pieces of outstanding casework relating to the winter fuel payment.
An elderly constituent emailed me during the winter, enclosing a picture showing that her thermometer was at 15° and saying that she had to remain in bed for as long as possible each day to stay warm.
Given that energy bills are now increasing, does the Minister agree that the decision to cut the winter fuel payment has already had serious consequences for the welfare of pensioners throughout the country?
What the Government are doing is raising the state pension, extending the warm home discount, and ensuring that an extra 50,000 people have had access to pension credit over the last six months.
When Members talk about mistakes that have had lasting consequences for pensioners, I look back to the coalition Government’s decision to cut the rate of energy installations by 90%.
Pensioners are living with that legacy, in leaky homes, day in day out, but this Government are getting on with insulating homes throughout the country.
The 4.1% increase in the new state pension will make a huge difference to pensioners in my constituency.
What more are the Government doing to tackle the cost of living crisis left by the last Government?
I thank my hon.
Friend for being a regular attender at Treasury questions, and indeed, as far as I can work out, at every other departmental questions session.
He is right to suggest that we will do more, because we are not just increasing pensions above the rate of inflation this year but doing so throughout the current Parliament, and that should raise the state pension by up to £1,900 by the end of the Parliament.
What discussions she is having with Cabinet colleagues on helping to improve high streets in Liverpool Riverside constituency.
Liverpool City Region combined authority will benefit from the £900 million UK shared prosperity fund, which will allow authorities to invest in local communities such as my hon.
Friend’s.
From the start of 2026-27, her combined authority will receive a single flexible pot through its integrated settlement.
Integrated settlements will allow local leaders across the UK to deliver important projects for their areas, including high streets.
To fulfil our manifesto pledge, we intend to introduce permanently lower tax rates for retail, hospitality and leisure properties—including those on high streets—from 2026-27.