More than 220 hubs have already been announced, of which more than 135 are already open.
Rural communities such as Settle in North Yorkshire are really struggling with the loss of face-to-face banking services.
Link hubs are one route for them to replace the banks that are closing.
I urge Ministers to do what they can with Link—I accept that it is an independent organisation—to help it to relax the criteria for rural communities, allowing them more face-to-face banking services.
I would be very happy to meet the right hon.
Gentleman if he wanted to discuss a specific banking hub that is being considered.
We work very closely with Link.
As he will know, his Government passed the Financial Services and Markets Act 2023, under which the Financial Conduct Authority, Link and the financial services sector ultimately have power over the criteria, which is not something we are planning to change.
How does the Minister plan to make it easier to establish banking hubs in communities that have lost all of their banks?
I did have a meeting set up with the previous Minister, but she left Government before that meeting could take place.
Will this Minister agree to meet me so that I can discuss the establishment of a banking hub in the town of Cheshunt in my Broxbourne constituency?
I am always happy to meet colleagues and will be happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman.
The criteria applied by Link are too strict, and banks are being able to walk away from their customers.
In Eltham, we have had a salami-slicing process of banks gradually leaving the high street, but, because we have a building society, we cannot ask for a hub.
Will the Minister undertake to review Link’s approach, because it is making it difficult for customers to carry out their banking business?
As I said in my previous answer, we do not have any plans to change the Link criteria; those are a matter for Link.
However, there are some flexibilities in the way that it applies the criteria, depending on the local population, travel times to nearby bank branches and, indeed, the number of small businesses in an area.
I would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend if that is of concern to him.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Mr Speaker, you shocked me by moving to topical questions so quickly, but I have now found my page and am ready to answer them.
You need to get a new watch!
From ferries to the National Care Service, we have seen failure after failure from the SNP in Scotland, including a track record of waste.
In contrast, this Labour Government are tackling waste and investing in frontline services such as our national health service, which has seen waiting lists fall for each of the past five months in England.
We hope that the people of Scotland will soon have the opportunity to experience such a transformation.
The Chancellor set out in the spring statement a clear plan to drive better value for taxpayers, including through the transformation fund, which will transform frontline delivery while making savings in the long term.
Does he agree that that is in stark contrast to the SNP Scottish Government’s record of waste?
As my hon.
Friend knows, we have given the Scottish Government the largest increase in spending since devolution began.
The people of Scotland expect that money to be spent well, which we are doing in England by transforming public services and improving the national health service.
However, given that SNP Members are not present in the Chamber today, the people of Scotland need to know that they will have to elect a Labour Government in Scotland later next year for that to happen.
I call the shadow Chancellor.