I know from my time as shadow Chancellor that those moments when we can work constructively together in the national interest, whether in response to covid or in supporting Ukraine against the aggression of Russia, are when this House is at its best.
The shadow Chancellor asked for further details in a number of areas.
Discussions are ongoing across a range of Government Departments, including the Treasury, with the United States, and I will be meeting US Treasury Secretary Scott Bessent shortly.
Beyond tariffs, we are  discussing a range of different areas, but the focus is on reducing tariff and non-tariff barriers to trade, with a particular focus on those sectors that are subject to the higher tariffs.
Although the 10% tariffs are lower than those for many other countries around the world, and we welcome that, the additional tariffs on cars, on steel and potentially on life sciences pose a real challenge to our country, because those are some of our biggest export markets.
That is why we made the announcements yesterday, and in those sectors—automotives, life sciences and steel—we will continue to take the action that is necessary, working in partnership with business and trade unions, to make sure we are addressing those issues.
We are also using institutions such as the British Business Bank, the National Wealth Fund and UK Export Finance to help businesses through these times.
The shadow Chancellor also mentioned concerns around dumping.
We are working with colleagues around the world to understand those implications, but our first priority is not to create more trade barriers but to reduce the ones that exist today.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
People up and down the country will be incredibly concerned about what Trump’s trade war means for their living standards and their communities.
At the same time, people want to show that Britain is not going to take Donald Trump’s trade tariffs lying down.
We welcome the Chancellor’s announcement that the Government will be working further and faster with our allies abroad.
Can she confirm that any new trade deals will be brought before this House for a vote before they are ratified?
At the same time as working with our allies abroad to create new export markets, will the Chancellor and the Government commit to a “Buy British” campaign as part of a broader national effort to encourage people to buy British here at home?
I thank the hon.
Lady for those questions.
This is a time for pragmatism and cool heads, not to rush a response.
We are working closely with business.
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Business and Trade announced in the House last week a call for evidence on the response that businesses are looking for.
Ratcheting up barriers to trade and ratcheting up tariffs will not be in our country’s interests, whether in terms of inflation or, indeed, for supply chains.
We need to have cool heads and think about the national interest, not give knee-jerk reactions.
We are very much focused on doing deals with other countries around the world.
There is the EU-UK summit on  18 May .
We are hosting the economic and financial dialogue with Minister Sitharaman, who is coming to London today for those conversations, and those discussions are ongoing with a number of countries.
Of course, any treaties would be brought forward for ratification by this House.
In terms of buying British, I think everyone will make their own decisions.
What we do not want to see is a trade war, with Britain becoming inward-looking, because if every country in the world decided that they wanted only to buy things produced in their country, that would not be a good way forward.
Our country has benefited hugely from access to global markets, and we  will continue to want to be able to do that, because that is in our national interest, for working people and businesses in this country.