Investment into the constituency from the public and private sectors means that its future continues to look bright.
From Waterhouse Farm in the west, to Chelmer village in the east, and from Springfield in the northern reaches to the southern boundaries of Goat Hall and everywhere in between, I am proud to call Chelmsford my home and even prouder to be standing here today representing its constituents in this magnificent place.
Chelmsford has one of the busiest two-platform train stations outside of London.
Having now rejoined the ranks of the commuters, I know at first hand the importance of the brand-new station being constructed just outside of the northern edge of the constituency.
The new Beaulieu Park station will have a significant positive impact on passengers from Chelmsford, giving them more choice and flexibility and removing the need for many of them to travel into the city centre to commence their rail journey.
A new station must not be seen as job done, however.
Train travel in this country is expensive and complicated.
Ultimately, I do not believe that the public care too much about who runs the trains; they care more about how much rail travel costs them, whether the trains run on time and whether they are comfortable and efficient.
They are often frustrated by the bewildering array of ticket options, whose detailed restrictions seem designed either to make them miss their train as they try to work out which one to buy, or to make them buy the wrong ticket.
They are not designed for the faint of heart or the novice traveller.
That seems like madness if we want to encourage more people to make use of public transport.
The whole system needs to be simplified, and I am keen to see the legislation passed yesterday do just that.
Without an economy that can support investment in new rail stations or the redevelopment of junctions, including the major Army and Navy interchange in the centre of Chelmsford, we know that such projects are in danger of never happening at all.
I am pleased to support the Bill before us today to ensure that the terrible, wasteful fiscal mistakes of previous Governments are not repeated, leaving more headroom for investment in our country’s future.
The new Beaulieu Park station was important to my predecessor, Vicky Ford, and I pay tribute to her dedication to that project.
It is the culmination of more than a decade of partnership work in Chelmsford that Vicky joined after her first election to Parliament in 2017.
Knocking on doors  throughout this year’s campaign, many constituents were grateful for her help with issues they had raised with her.
They also noted her visible loyalty to her party, as she was rarely seen without her trademark blue nail polish to match her little blue car and an outfit that almost invariably included a splash of blue.
I thank her for the time she spent serving the Chelmsford constituency.
From the very bottom of my heart, I thank the constituents of Chelmsford who have placed their trust in me to represent them in this place.
I know they did not do so lightly.
Indeed, it has taken 74 years of careful consideration for the good people of Chelmsford to send to this place anyone other than a Conservative.
Indeed, it has been 100 years since they made the choice to elect a Liberal to represent them.
That slow pace of electoral change in Chelmsford may lead those not familiar with Essex’s first city to conclude that Chelmsfordians have little appetite for innovation, but nothing could be further from the truth.
Among other things, Chelmsford has a rich and distinguished history in the world of science and technology.
Most notably, it hosted the first ever entertainment radio broadcast in the United Kingdom in 1920 from the Marconi New Street works right in the centre, featuring Dame Nellie Melba.