We cannot overlook the deep apathy towards the ability of politics, and indeed this place, to effect change.
There has been the rise of online disinformation blaming bogeymen who do not exist.
Conspiracy theorists and keyboard warriors purposefully ignore the complexities of the world around us for attention.
Political culture too often thrives on division and controversy, not the common good.
The hyperactive vitriolic politics seen so often across the Atlantic is seeping into our discourse here, undermining constructive dialogue.
There is an epidemic of alienation among our young people, with levels of self-harm and suicide in my constituency increasing all the time.
Children are arriving at school still in nappies and too often without breakfast in their bellies.
Waiting lists for mental health support now stretch to half a decade, with many young people reaching their majority by the time they are seen.
Too many people in my constituency feel they have to leave their village or town to get on in life.
There is a disillusionment that their home, their community, their place is no longer offering the security and hope that people deserve.
There is a fear for the future.
I was told so often during the election campaign, “What’s the point of politics?
This country is broken.”
Perhaps some of those factors came to the fore over the summer recess, when a group organised to attend a hotel just a few miles from my constituency in Wath, planning to set that building on fire knowing full well there were innocent people inside.
The pictures on our televisions were difficult to comprehend.
I spoke to a young mother who had been made homeless and was being temporarily accommodated there with her children.
The terror she described will haunt me forever.
But from the gloom of that violent act came hope.
The day after the hotel was attacked, I reached out to the Muslim community in my constituency and was invited to a meeting after evening prayer.
I arrived eager to show solidarity, but anxious about the fear and damage that the community would have suffered—and yes, there was plenty of concern.
But the first question  I encountered was not one of anger or retribution, but instead a comment urging me to speak with the perpetrators of the violence in order to better understand the causes and motivation.
It was a moment of great generosity and sensitivity, and one that will always stay with me.
Indeed, that spirit of togetherness, caring about the bonds that unite us, is everywhere to be seen in the Rother Valley.
Dinnington boxing club held an event after the riots, with several south Yorkshire boxing clubs, to show unity and togetherness; a determination to portray south Yorkshire in a different light.
That spirit runs through the club.
I will always recall having a pint at the Little Mester in North Anston when a young lad from the club arrived to rapturous applause, only to explain that he had casually run a marathon that morning, on his own, wholly unorganised, to raise money for a local children’s hospice.
He had heard that it required more funds for toys.
I think of the dementia café in Winthrop Gardens, which provides such an invaluable service, or the Maltby Lions, who are out every week, rain or shine, to raise money for deserving causes.
I think of the community café at the beautiful Ulley reservoir, the work of the Salvation Army at the Dinnington food bank, the Community Fridge in Kiveton Park, the volunteer gardeners in Harthill, the community energy project in Woodsetts, or the MacMillan coffee mornings in Anston.
This spirit ultimately wins the day, even in the shadow of horror.
In a previous life, as a pupil barrister, I sat behind prosecuting counsel at the trial of the murderer of Jo Cox MP.