Portsmouth, as I have said, is a city of firsts.
The first dry dock in the world was built there in 1495.
The first ragged school was established there in the name of John Pounds in 1818.
We were the first to have a steam railway in 1837, and the first co-operative society in Britain was set up there in 1796 by dockyard workers fed up with being ripped off by local tradesmen.
The first oil-fired HMS Queen Elizabeth was built there in 1913; the second ship is very close to my heart.
In 1956, the first football league game played under floodlights took place there; it was Portsmouth versus Newcastle.
In 2024, the Portsmouth women’s football club turned professional for the first time.
Another first is the nursery on Whale Island’s naval base; it is pioneering a brilliant programme to help children deal with separation and the unique challenges of having a parent in the military who is serving away.
Portsmouth also produced the first female Secretary of State for Defence, and as I raise this first, I would like to pay tribute to my predecessor.
Penny Mordaunt’s service to our city, and particularly her role in the coronation of our King, is to be celebrated.
In this House she had many roles in Government.
She has always championed the Royal Navy, and from what I hear, she loved her time in the parliamentary hairdressers’.
However, the sword now passes to me, and I will continue her lead as I champion our Royal Navy and our great city, both here and at home.
Now for my final first for our great city.
For the first time in our city’s history, both Portsmouth MPs are Labour MPs.
We build on the work of our predecessors: Lord Frank Judd; Sarah McCarthy-Fry; and my very dear friend, mentor and freeman of our city, Syd Rapson.
Together, my good friend the new Minister with responsibility for early education, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Portsmouth South (Stephen Morgan) , and I will work night and day to be champions of change for the city we call home, Portsmouth.
I am so very proud of the positive campaign we ran in Portsmouth North.
We unashamedly focused on the need for opportunity and for real change.
I want to put on record my thanks to the many people who helped me get here, including the Pompey Belles, my amazing family of 17, friends and the dozens of volunteers from Portsmouth Labour and beyond.
As I begin my journey in this House, I know that the need for change has never been so great.
As this debate highlights, after 14 years of Tory rule, there are so many uncertainties for the people in my city.
People are struggling; the money just does not go far enough.
Schools are underfunded and understaffed.
Appointments in primary care, the NHS and dentistry are, in some areas, almost impossible to get.
Youth services outside the voluntary sector stretch only to offering support with probation.
Our high streets are a mess, and housing is in complete chaos.
However, not everything is about money and pay.
This is about pride.
Pompey people are proud people.
They do not shout about successes, unless they are in football.
They rarely grumble—equally, unless it is about football.
Many of them just get their heads down, roll  up their sleeves and get on with it, and many feel betrayed and let down by those who should have been there for them.
For some, trust in politicians has disappeared, and I can understand why.
People on the doorstep and in the street are wary and fed up with broken promises.
Many feel alone, isolated and betrayed.
Coming from one of the most trusted professions in the country to one of the least, I get it.