I worry that children are going through the day with little or no food in their bellies, I worry that schools are having to cut clubs because they no longer have the time or the resources to hold them, and I worry that the performing arts, such as music and drama, have been seen for too long by previous Governments as expendable and an unimportant luxury without recognition that they provide children with the skills and confidence to stand up on large stages—dare I say, in parliamentary Chambers—and be heard.
If you are a child with special educational needs or disabilities, well, good luck with that, because the system is utterly, tragically, devastatingly broken.
But I also take hope from the wind of change that blew just a couple of months ago.
We know that there will be difficult choices ahead, but my hope is that we recognise that investing early on and giving children the best possible start can pay much greater dividends in the future.
When Guglielmo Marconi brought his fledgling inventions and experiments to the United Kingdom in 1896, he did so because he believed that this is a country that can see potential and will invest in that potential for the long term.
It paid off, and a whole industry grew from the humble beginnings of a short radio broadcast in the heart of my constituency.
Whatever choices are made by the Government in the looming Budget, it is my sincere hope that they recognise the importance of giving schools and teachers the resources they need to allow all children to reach for the stars.
I would like to commend  the hon.
Member for Chelmsford (Marie Goldman)  for a great speech.
I know Chelmsford well—it is a beautiful town—and I commend her passion for supporting young people in schools and their journey, which is very important and something that we need to protect.
Thank you, Ms Ghani, for allowing me today to make my first contribution to the House.
I think it is right to start off by thanking my predecessor as MP, Sir James Duddridge, for 19 years of dedicated service.
He became MP in 2005 when Southend East and Rochford was newly redrawn.
The rural areas to the north of Southend have been brought back within the constituency for the first time in many years.
Throughout many boundary iterations, from Southend East and Rochford to Rochford and Southend East and back again—you can see the creativity in renaming the constituency—the area has always been Tory-held, up until now.
I am particularly proud to speak here today as the seat’s first ever Labour representative.
The constituency consists of not just the city of Southend but the villages of Great Wakering, Canewdon, Barling, Paglesham, Stambridge and Shoeburyness, the suburbs of Southchurch and Thorpe Bay, and Rochford itself.
It is a beautiful constituency, rich in culture, where you should bring your walking boots as well as your swimming costume.
It is the place where Dame Helen Mirren went to primary school and home to the  Cliffs Pavilion, which hosted Oasis in 1995—that might be tricky next time round depending on who can get tickets.
As a Southender, I am contractually obliged to mention that Southend is the site of the longest pier in the world, at 2,158 metres, with the option to walk or take a purpose-built train.
I made the mistake some years ago of walking it with my son—he is a little bit older now, and he is up in the Gallery.
My calves were struggling by the end of it.
From watching the maiden speeches of Labour colleagues past and present, I have been struck by the nature of the local industry that is so often name-checked.
Tin, pottery, steel, textiles and coal are among the staple products in historical Labour seats.
Those are noble and important goods—they are Labour goods—but they are not the stock-in-trade of my own seat.