This Government will introduce a new industrial strategy to drive long-term, sustainable growth by securing investment in crucial sectors and industries in all parts of Scotland and the UK, which involves working in close partnership with the Scottish Government.
That will support our national mission to have the highest sustained growth in the G7.
An industrial strategy that embraces the jobs of the future must involve our higher education institutions, including the three world-class universities in Glasgow.
What are the Government doing to ensure that that is the case?
I thank my hon.
Friend and congratulate him on his wonderful victory in Glasgow North.
Scotland’s 19 world-class higher education institutions are an essential part of our economy, culture and global reputation, and they are paramount to the successful delivery of our missions.
We punch well above our weight in Scotland, which is something that we need to protect and nurture.
By the end of next week, I will have met the principals of all of Scotland’s universities.
I want to deepen and strengthen those relationships, and I believe that the knowledge and expertise of those institutions will be crucial to delivering a new industrial strategy and the goals of this new Government.
Coatbridge and Bellshill has a rich history of heavy industry, but following years of empty rhetoric and empty soundbites from the previous UK Government and the current Scottish Government, there has been a failure to honour the legacy of industry across Scotland and deliver a long-term, sustainable and coherent strategy.
What steps will the Secretary of State take to ensure that industrial jobs in Scotland are as much a part of its future as they are of its history?
I thank my hon.
Friend and congratulate him on winning Coatbridge and Bellshill.
Scotland and its world-class industrial workforce will play a driving role in our ambition to become a green energy powerhouse in this country.
For example, my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, the Scottish Government and I met representatives of Petroineos earlier this week to discuss what support can be provided to ensure a sustainable future for the industrial clusters in the wider Falkirk and Grangemouth region, which is crucial to the entirety of Scotland and the UK.
That includes our commitment to fund Project Willow with the Scottish Government.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his response.
A UK-wide industrial strategy that supports jobs in Scotland is incredibly vital.
However, this week we have heard the concerning news that the Mitsubishi Electric plant in my constituency is looking to reduce its workforce by 440 from its current complement of 1,600.
This is a highly skilled workforce creating world-leading products such as air source heat pumps and air conditioning units, which are vital as we look to decarbonise our economy.
Through no fault of its own, however, Mitsubishi Electric has seen its order book fall away due to short-term economic pressures.
May I ask the Secretary of State to meet the management, workers and me to see what the UK Government can do to support—
Order.
I think the Secretary of State has heard the question.
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
I am really sorry to hear of the difficulties facing Mitsubishi Electric’s workforce, and of the uncertainty those workers face during this difficult time.
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for his efforts to support the workers in his constituency, and we have talked about this issue already.
I will commit as a matter of priority to a meeting with the company and its workforce in the coming weeks.
I, too, welcome the Secretary of State to his new position and congratulate him on his appointment to what I can tell him is a splendid job to hold in government.
On an industrial strategy, will he focus his ministerial colleagues’ minds on the potential development of tidal stream generation?