I will commit as a matter of priority to a meeting with the company and its workforce in the coming weeks.
I, too, welcome the Secretary of State to his new position and congratulate him on his appointment to what I can tell him is a splendid job to hold in government.
On an industrial strategy, will he focus his ministerial colleagues’ minds on the potential development of tidal stream generation?
That provides an enormous opportunity for our manufacturing sector to create a supply chain that is based here in the United Kingdom, rather than having to bring capacity from overseas.
I agree with the right hon.
Gentleman and congratulate him on his role when he was in the Scotland Office.
We hope to emulate much of the work that he did.
I have met the European Marine Energy Centre and those involved with tidal resources in his constituency.
This is critically important to our net zero ambitions and in getting to clean power by 2030.
I am due to meet them when I visit his constituency in the coming weeks, and I will make sure that this is top of the agenda.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I congratulate the Secretary of State and welcome him to his place.
I associate myself with his earlier remarks, particularly about Scotland’s Olympians and Paralympians.
I was delighted to hear the recognition in his first answer of the role that our universities will play in a new industrial strategy, which is going to be vital in Scotland, particularly in the light of the recent admissions about the mess that the Scottish National party has made of our economy in Scotland.
That is why I was baffled to see the UK Government cutting £800 million from a supercomputer project at the University of Edinburgh that has the potential to support research on drug discovery, climate change and advanced engineering.
What discussions did the Secretary of State have with the Chancellor of the Exchequer about the impact of that?
As the hon.
Lady will know, the Chancellor of the Exchequer did a full audit of Government spending in the first weekend that she was in office, and found a £22 billion black hole.
The exascale computer that she talks about was announced by two previous Prime Ministers and two previous Chancellors, and indeed was in the Budget in the early part of this year, but no money was allocated and therefore the project has been paused, pending both the Budget on  30 October  and the spending review next year.
What steps he plans to take to support working people in Scotland.
I am proud to be part of a UK Government that will oversee the biggest upgrade of workers’ rights in a generation.
We have set out the new deal for working people and will write it into law within our first 100 days.
Over 75 reforms will deliver on a core part of our growth mission to raise living standards, and up to 7,800 workers across Ayrshire stand to benefit from Labour’s plans to make work pay.
In addition to this Government’s action on the new deal for working people, we should ensure that there is a fair deal for those who powered our country in the past.
From my previous work with the Coalfields Regeneration Trust, I know the vital difference that that extra support makes to those communities and their families.
Can the Secretary of State give an update on the proposals to end the injustice of the mineworkers’ pension scheme before it is too late?
Mineworkers from my own constituency of Midlothian, from my hon.
Friend’s constituency and from across our coalfields powered this country, so I am delighted that our Labour manifesto committed to ending the injustice of the mineworkers’ pension scheme by conducting a review of the unfair surplus arrangements and of transferring the investment reserve fund back to members.