Friend  the Member for Loughborough (Dr Sandher) .
He will be pleased to know that I will not be a contender this year in the competition that he mentioned.
Maybe later, menopause depending.
It is a huge honour to stand before you today as the newly elected Member of Parliament for Portsmouth North.
This moment is not lost on me; I am filled with immense emotion at the thought of representing the place where everyone I love lives.
Portsmouth is a city rich in history, innovation and, most importantly, community spirit and pride.
It is also a place of firsts.
Throughout our city’s storied history, we have been pioneers in many fields, be it shipbuilding, maritime trade or cultural advancement.
Portsmouth has always led the way, and it is that spirit of innovation that I intend to champion while in this House.
I am deeply humbled to make my maiden speech in this debate highlighting the importance of fiscal standards, because during the election campaign so many people told me that their mortgage had gone through the roof, or that they had lost the ability to buy or rent their first home, or indeed any home, because of the actions of the last Government.
I understand personally what it is like when a full-time job does not even cover the bills.
My gramps was a train driver.
He taught me the importance of hard work and public service.
He introduced me to the trade union movement and to the Labour party, which I am proud to say have been at the centre of my adult life.
My mum was a factory seamstress and my dad was a plumber and then a police officer.
As a kid, times were tough, but our house was always full of love, humour and determination.
My dad worked three jobs and my mum set about making childhood the very best it could be.
My gramps navigated the tracks with precision and care, my mum sewed with love, and my dad served his community.
I know I will bring the same attitude to my time in this House, because the opportunity here is so very precious.
Like so many of my colleagues on the Government Benches, I was the first in my family to go to university and the first to become a teacher, but thankfully not the last to enter what I still deem to be the very best profession in the world.
The right education really does empower young people and give them belief and the opportunity to succeed, whatever their background and circumstances.
I am so very proud to be part of a Government who will bring down the barriers to opportunity and tackle child poverty, working across Departments to ensure that all kids get the best start in life.
Having been a teacher for 24 years, I know that not everyone has the start in life that I feel privileged to have had.
Being allowed to try things and fail was a great lesson.
My working-class background means that I sometimes seem a bit impatient.
This is because I know that people from my background must fight harder, and do not often get a second chance, so they have to seize  every opportunity as it arises.
As an MP, I want to champion children and young people from all backgrounds across my city, so that they are given every chance to succeed and fulfil their potential, whatever that may be and wherever that may take them.
The children and young people in Portsmouth deserve nothing less.
Portsmouth, as I have said, is a city of firsts.
The first dry dock in the world was built there in 1495.
The first ragged school was established there in the name of John Pounds in 1818.