I love walking my dachshund Toffee on Horsell Common, where HG Wells famously landed his aliens in “War of the Worlds”.
So it was not a great surprise when Ed Davey’s Liberal Democrats turned up and started campaigning with their out-of-this-world stunts.
Of course, I’m only “woking”—I wouldn’t dare call my Liberal Democrat colleagues aliens.
Getting back to the matter at hand, my constituency has a much-loved local hospital, Woking community hospital.
Despite feeling like I was born and bred in Woking, I was not actually born in the constituency.
Actually, no one has been born in a hospital in Woking for generations.
I was born in Frimley Park hospital, one of the nearby hospitals we depend on, as Woking lacks maternity services.
However, Frimley Park is plagued with RAAC—reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete—and its future is far from certain.
I will work with my hon.
Friend  the Member for Surrey Heath (Dr Pinkerton)  to press the Government for a solution to rebuild Frimley Park hospital.
Another major issue is the cost of rent and mortgages.
As someone under 40—just—I understand these issues deeply.
They have been raised consistently by local people on the doorstep.
The increased cost of mortgages and rents in the past two years is a further reason why the Bill is so important.
My journey into politics began because of Surrey county council’s failure to protect vulnerable children.
At the time, it was rated the worst county council in the country because of that failure.
We cannot allow vulnerable children to be failed again.
The wider theme of why I was elected, and indeed why so many of my hard-working Liberal Democrat colleagues have been elected, is that we understand our communities’ local issues.
I have worked for 15 years in local government and served as deputy leader of Woking Council.
I have seen first-hand the crippling issues that some councils face.
When I look at the faces of the Liberal Democrat MPs here, I see people who have worked hard in local government for years.
What a glorious theme for this new Parliament: a cohort of 72 who understand the local issues our communities face, and a force for good in the country and in the Chamber when we need it most.
Thank you, Ms Nokes.
It is such a great privilege to speak in this debate and make my maiden speech after the hon.
Members for Woking (Mr Forster) and for Chelmsford (Marie Goldman).
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Southend East and Rochford (Mr Alaba)  made a fantastic speech about the city in his constituency, which I have had the great privilege of swimming in.
His speech did due justice to that great place.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Swindon North (Will Stone)  made a faintly terrifying speech about his Brazilian jujitsu skills, and he certainly did justice to Swindon, too.
It is a great honour to speak in the Chamber as the Member of Parliament for Rother Valley.
For so many on the Labour Benches in particular, making our maiden speeches is the conclusion of long and hard-fought campaigns in which we were ultimately victorious.
In the early hours of  5 July , which just happened to be my birthday, we celebrated the end of 14 years of Conservative Government and the first Labour Government of my adult life, but we also humbly accept the responsibility that we have been given.
In the context of an often bitter and heated political campaign, and from the thousands of valued conversations I had in my constituency, one cannot avoid the fact that we as a country face daunting and urgent challenges.
We cannot overlook the deep apathy towards the ability of politics, and indeed this place, to effect change.
There has been the rise of online disinformation blaming bogeymen who do not exist.
Conspiracy theorists and keyboard warriors purposefully ignore the complexities of the world around us for attention.