Away from the hospital, the beating heart of our city is Plymouth Argyle football club, which is in its second season now in the championship, making it one of the top clubs in the English football league.
Yet in Plymouth, many families struggle to afford access to sport for their kids.
I am a keen footballer and I believe in the power of sport to set young people up for life.
I will use my platform to improve access to sport in Plymouth, because a standard where this country has the finest football leagues, watched the world over, but our own youngsters cannot afford to play is not a standard I will walk past.
I pay tribute to the excellent work that the Argyle community trust and the Plymouth football boot bank do already to broaden access to sport in Plymouth.
As a former Royal Marines commando, it is a particular privilege to represent the city that is home to not only the largest naval base in western Europe, but the Royal Marines, who are still headquartered in Plymouth.
Ours is a city where so many residents have served in uniform, and I take this opportunity to thank every single one of them for their service and dedication.
I also pay tribute to my predecessor for his heartfelt efforts to raise the profile of the veterans agenda.
For centuries, Plymouth has had a proud military history, and the Prime Minister recently called it
“the frontline of defence in this country”.
Navy, Marines and Army personnel have deployed from Plymouth for hundreds of years.
The tradition of proud military service runs through our city like the writing in a stick of rock.
Now, as we find ourselves as a country in another moment of critical international instability, Plymouth is again a keystone of our national security.
Devonport dockyard is the home port for the frigates, survey vessels and amphibious shipping that are crucial for our safety.
It is also where the submarines that host our nuclear deterrent are maintained, and will be for generations to come.
We are also home to highly skilled small and medium-sized enterprises such as MSubs—makers of unmanned submersible craft used in the most special military projects—Barden bearings and Collins Aerospace, whose cutting-edge engineering is integral to the UK’s modern weapons systems.
From our military institutions and our manufacturing base to our hospital, our football club and our dockyard, we stand up and we serve in Plymouth.
We give a lot to this nation, but for all this—if I can borrow a phrase from a friend and a constant source of advice, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Plymouth Sutton and Devonport (Luke Pollard) —Plymouth does not get its fair share.
I will work tirelessly with the Government to change that, because in Labour we respect service, and ours will be a Government of service—a Government of hope.
As I served my country before in uniform, so I will serve my city now in office.
As I was trained to do in the Marines, I will strive to be a dealer of hope.
When it comes to taking action, I will remember, along with colleagues on both sides of the House, that the standard we walk past is the standard we accept.
Thank you, Madam Chair, for allowing me to give my maiden speech in this House.
Like every Member across this House, it is the greatest honour, privilege and responsibility of my life to represent my community of Loughborough, Shepshed and the villages.
I rise at the most difficult moment for our communities and our country since the second world war, when many feel despondency, despair and anger.
I know that every Member across this House wants our communities to succeed and to contribute to our national success.
That is what my community has done before and will do again, with hope and determination.
My story does not begin in Loughborough.