Now, as we find ourselves as a country in another moment of critical international instability, Plymouth is again a keystone of our national security.
Devonport dockyard is the home port for the frigates, survey vessels and amphibious shipping that are crucial for our safety.
It is also where the submarines that host our nuclear deterrent are maintained, and will be for generations to come.
We are also home to highly skilled small and medium-sized enterprises such as MSubs—makers of unmanned submersible craft used in the most special military projects—Barden bearings and Collins Aerospace, whose cutting-edge engineering is integral to the UK’s modern weapons systems.
From our military institutions and our manufacturing base to our hospital, our football club and our dockyard, we stand up and we serve in Plymouth.
We give a lot to this nation, but for all this—if I can borrow a phrase from a friend and a constant source of advice, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Plymouth Sutton and Devonport (Luke Pollard) —Plymouth does not get its fair share.
I will work tirelessly with the Government to change that, because in Labour we respect service, and ours will be a Government of service—a Government of hope.
As I served my country before in uniform, so I will serve my city now in office.
As I was trained to do in the Marines, I will strive to be a dealer of hope.
When it comes to taking action, I will remember, along with colleagues on both sides of the House, that the standard we walk past is the standard we accept.
I remind Members that the private Member’s Bills ballot book is open today in the No Lobby until 6pm, at which point it will be taken to the Public Bill Office and remain open for signatures until the rise of the House.
The ballot draw will be held at 9 am tomorrow in Committee Room 8.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What discussions he has had with the Scottish Government on a new industrial strategy.
What discussions he has had with the Scottish Government on a new industrial strategy.
What discussions he has had with the Scottish Government on a new industrial strategy.
This is, of course, my first Scottish questions on this side of the House, and I am delighted to be joined by so many colleagues from Scotland behind me.
I welcome back returning Members from all parties and thank those who have not returned for all their hard work on behalf of their constituents.
I thank the former Secretary of State for Scotland, Sir Alister Jack, for his work representing Scotland in Whitehall and the UK Government in Scotland.
I also thank all the staff in the Scotland Office for making us so welcome.
Their professionalism is unsurpassed.
I am very pleased that we were recently able to welcome 19 female Afghan medical students to Scotland so that they can continue their studies.
The work to bring them here was initiated by Sir Alister Jack, and their safe arrival in the UK is a credit to our commitment to helping them.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Berwickshire, Roxburgh and Selkirk (John Lamont)  on his new position.
I am sure he will be diligent in holding me to account, and I hope that I was diligent in holding him to account.
I am sure the whole House will join me in congratulating Scotland’s Olympians and Paralympians, who have achieved so much sporting success this summer.
This Government will introduce a new industrial strategy to drive long-term, sustainable growth by securing investment in crucial sectors and industries in all parts of Scotland and the UK, which involves working in close partnership with the Scottish Government.
That will support our national mission to have the highest sustained growth in the G7.
An industrial strategy that embraces the jobs of the future must involve our higher education institutions, including the three world-class universities in Glasgow.