Southenders are strong, independent and unbelievably hard-working.
This weekend we held City Jam, an awe-inspiring international street art festival, now in its third year.
But we cannot do this alone.
That is one of the reasons why I am so pleased not just to be Southend’s first ever Labour MP, but to be one of many first-time Labour MPs in seaside seats that we have never won before.
Seats such as Southend East and Rochford need a real and impactful regional policy.
Too little thought has been put into how we build on existing assets and specialisms, to create a sense of place and an economic centre of gravity.
Southend East and Rochford’s future will be found in modern technology, modern infrastructure and green energy, by identifying opportunities in well-paid, modern job sectors.
We need a year-round economy, not just a seasonal one, so that young people can move from seasonal work into better-paid positions.
Simply put, Southend East and Rochford will need to regain its cultural capital.
This is something I have some experience in, having been one of the creative pioneers of east London’s creative industries.
My wife Debbie and my children are here in the Gallery today, and they have always been there for me—certainly during my career pivot from the creative industries into politics.
I thank them for their unwavering support and complete belief in me.
I believe it is my duty to help shape and create the future jobs and businesses for this generation and future generations to grow into, just like Adebayo Alaba and Atinuke Awesu, my late parents, who sacrificed everything as part of the Windrush generation to leave their families and communities behind in Nigeria in order to raise a family here, in one of the most welcoming countries in the world.
Simply put, it is now my job to ensure that communities such as Southend East and Rochford are vibrant, dynamic, stable and welcoming.
When we talk about the public finances, as we are in Committee today, we should all bear that in mind.
Our economy will be strongest if we can fulfil the potential in every corner of the country, including on the esplanades of Southend and in the town centres of Rochford and Southend—places that have so much to contribute to our economy and our culture, yet too often have been sidelined.
I look forward to representing my constituents in this House.
I look forward to contributing to future debates about our economic future, and I look forward to contributing to many other discussions.
Thank you, Ms Nokes, for giving me this opportunity to make my maiden speech.
Before I do, I pay tribute to the hon.
Member  for Southend East and Rochford (Mr Alaba), who spoke of his and his constituency’s proud military past.
I am sure that he will see his constituency through these tough challenges and on to a brighter future.
It goes without saying that it is a great privilege and an honour of a lifetime to be here, having been elected by the people of Woking.
I thank them for electing me as their Member of Parliament.
However, I must begin by addressing the Bill and severe crisis facing my local authority, Woking borough council.
Despite being relatively small, the Conservatives left Woking with more than £2 billion of debt following risky investment decisions.
This legacy is one of negative equity, service cuts and unsustainable debt repayments.
It could be argued that the Conservatives in Woking invented Truss economics before the former right hon.
Member for South West Norfolk had her small stint as Prime Minister.
What has happened in my constituency shows why the Bill is so important.
I fear that, without support from the new Government, the situation in Woking, like the rest of local government, will only worsen.
My constituents will suffer the most, and that is unacceptable when it is not their fault.