That slow pace of electoral change in Chelmsford may lead those not familiar with Essex’s first city to conclude that Chelmsfordians have little appetite for innovation, but nothing could be further from the truth.
Among other things, Chelmsford has a rich and distinguished history in the world of science and technology.
Most notably, it hosted the first ever entertainment radio broadcast in the United Kingdom in 1920 from the Marconi New Street works right in the centre, featuring Dame Nellie Melba.
That led to regular entertainment broadcasts from Great Baddow in the south of the constituency and eventually to what we now know as the BBC.
It is hard to spend much time knocking on doors in Chelmsford and speaking to Chelmsford residents without coming across someone who used to work for Marconi.
Its modern-day successor Teledyne e2v, located little more than a stone’s throw away from the site of the original Marconi factories, has more than taken up the mantle of innovation in Chelmsford.
Many of my constituents are now employed there.
Think of any space mission of the past few decades and the chances are that its imaging equipment contained components designed and built by Teledyne in Chelmsford.
From NASA’s New Horizons mission to Pluto and the Kuiper belt, launched in 2006, to the planned 2028 launch of Ariel by the European Space Agency to observe the atmospheres of thousands of planets beyond our own solar system, Teledyne and its employees are reaching for the stars.
That is what I want everyone to have the opportunity to do: to reach for the stars, to feel that sense of opportunity and to know that even the sky is not the limit.
But they can do that only if we invest, and the very best place for that investment is in our children and young people.
We are lucky in Chelmsford to have excellent schools.
I thank the teachers and other school staff who work so hard every day to give the children we entrust into their care the best possible start in life, but they are increasingly doing so with their hands tied behind their backs, with dwindling resources, crumbling buildings and ever greater workloads.
I am the first in my family to go to university and the first elected to any public office—let alone as a Member of this House.
I have been able to achieve that because I have had a loving and supportive family, lots of incredible campaign volunteers—and, of course, a sizeable dose of luck.
But I also know that a critical part of my success is owed to the amazing state school education that I received, the dedicated and inspirational teachers I was lucky enough to be taught by throughout my  school life, and the extracurricular activities—in my case, largely music based—that broadened my horizons and lifted my eyes to the stars.
I worry that that is not the overwhelming experience of those going through our education system today.
I worry that children are going through the day with little or no food in their bellies, I worry that schools are having to cut clubs because they no longer have the time or the resources to hold them, and I worry that the performing arts, such as music and drama, have been seen for too long by previous Governments as expendable and an unimportant luxury without recognition that they provide children with the skills and confidence to stand up on large stages—dare I say, in parliamentary Chambers—and be heard.
If you are a child with special educational needs or disabilities, well, good luck with that, because the system is utterly, tragically, devastatingly broken.
But I also take hope from the wind of change that blew just a couple of months ago.