Can the Secretary of State give an update on the proposals to end the injustice of the mineworkers’ pension scheme before it is too late?
Mineworkers from my own constituency of Midlothian, from my hon.
Friend’s constituency and from across our coalfields powered this country, so I am delighted that our Labour manifesto committed to ending the injustice of the mineworkers’ pension scheme by conducting a review of the unfair surplus arrangements and of transferring the investment reserve fund back to members.
I would be delighted to write to my hon.
Friend and to other Members representing coalfield seats with a further update in due course.
I welcome the Secretary of State to his position.
He will know that the Scottish Government have their own tax-raising powers.
He will remember criticising the Scottish Government for not using them, then criticising the Scottish Government when we did use them.
Nevertheless, this generates £1.5 billion of extra revenue in Scotland, and taxing those who earn more slightly more allows us to tax those who earn slightly less even less than is the case in the rest of the United Kingdom.
What advice would he give the Chancellor to mirror those efforts in Scotland to have a more progressive and fair tax system for our workers?
The Member will be aware that the Institute for Fiscal Studies has said this morning that the tax policies of the Scottish Government have actually cost Scotland money rather than raised it.
He will know, too, that this Government have had to undertake a comprehensive audit of spending to make sure that we can clear up the mess that we have inherited.
The £22 billion black hole is real, and the Treasury reserves have been spent more than three times over.
He will be aware that the focus of the Chancellor is on making sure that we fix the foundations and get the economy back on track.
What steps his Department is taking to support delivery of the Borderlands inclusive growth deal.
This Government are committed to delivering economic growth in all parts of the country and we are working closely with local partners and the Scottish Government on the Borderlands growth deal.
Together, we are ensuring that it delivers the uplift in economic benefits set out in the deal.
I congratulate the hon.
Lady on her appointment, and I particularly congratulate the Secretary of State on his.
Being on your own in this House is a tough gig, and he exercised it in exemplary fashion over seven years, but—as I found—having new colleagues brings a whole new set of challenges of its own.
Will the hon.
Lady ensure that the mountain bike centre at the Caerlee mill in Innerleithen is prioritised?
There has been a suggestion that the project will not now go ahead in that location.
It is vital that we have that centre and it is vital that the mill is refurbished.
The UK Government have pledged £19 million for the mountain bike innovation centre project, as part of the Borderlands growth deal.
My officials are working closely with all local partners, including Scottish Borders council, to progress this project.
I expect to provide an update on the development of the project shortly.
What discussions he has had with the Scottish Government on the effectiveness of the relationship between the UK and Scottish Governments.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on winning Glasgow East.
The people of Scotland want their two Governments to spend more time fighting for them than fighting each other, which is why resetting the relationship has been a priority for this Government and, indeed, the Prime Minister.
I have had numerous productive meetings with Scottish Government Ministers, including the Deputy First Minister.
We have had 17 days of visits across Scotland, and seven members of the Cabinet have already visited.
There have been dozens of calls between Secretaries of State and Cabinet Secretaries.