The Secretary of State will be aware that macroeconomic policy sits here in Westminster and that decisions taken here have a huge impact.
We have worked on this issue before, so does he agree with the SNP that being outside the customs union and the single market is bad for growth in the Scottish economy, or does he agree with the Conservatives and their Reform party colleagues that it has been good for the Scottish economy?
The hon.
Gentleman is taking no responsibility for the decisions that his party makes in the Scottish Government.
We saw that yesterday with them plugging the hole in their own public finances.
The IFS has been clear that the decisions the Scottish Government have made have taken the tax take down in Scotland, despite being it being the highest taxed part of the country.
If we are to reset this relationship, they have to start off by taking accountability and responsibility for their own decisions.
Sport has played an essential role in economic growth in Scotland.
What steps will the Secretary of State take to ensure that the legacy of Sir Andy Murray is recognised in Scotland?
I would like to announce to the House that Andy Murray and I are not related, despite the fact that we share the same physique [Laughter.]
I assure the House that the Scotland Office and this Government will do all we can to ensure that the wonderful legacy of one of Britain’s best sportspeople of all time is maintained.
What steps he is taking to support the energy industry in Scotland.
What steps he is taking to support the energy industry in Scotland.
What steps he is taking to support the energy industry in Scotland.
Scotland is at the forefront of this Government’s mission to make Britain a clean energy superpower by 2030.
We will headquarter Great British Energy, a new publicly owned clean energy company, capitalised with £8.3 billion, in Scotland.
That will help create thousands of jobs, and deliver energy security and lower prices permanently for consumers.
Just this week, the sixth allocation for the contracts for difference scheme was announced, with over 130 renewable projects awarded contracts and 20% of those projects based in Scotland.
I welcome the Secretary of State to his position.
We watched him for many lonely years as he held the fort on his own.
He was always outnumbered, but never outgunned.
Will he now use the full firepower of the Scotland Office to convince Cabinet colleagues and industry players of the vital role and potential of the Arnish fabrication yard in Stornoway and its sister yard in Methil, both of which are coming up for sale as part of the going to market of Harland & Wolff?
Will  he assure workers at the Arnish yard and at Stornoway port that they will play a big role in the renewables future and in GB Energy?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that question, and congratulate him on winning the Western Isles.
He is Mr Western Isles, and he will be a champion for those islands.
The Government will continue to engage with Harland & Wolff, local MPs and the Scottish Government to monitor the situation and support a resolution that provides long-term certainty for the yards and workforces across the whole UK, with all four yards across the UK being treated as one.
The Under-Secretary of State for Scotland, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Midlothian (Kirsty McNeill) , recently visited the Arnish yard.
I have visited the Methil yard twice—once before the election and once during the election—and I have regular meetings with the Deputy First Minister on this issue and hope to meet her again in the coming weeks.
We will do all we can to protect these yards.
Having spent many years working for my right hon.