What has happened in my constituency shows why the Bill is so important.
I fear that, without support from the new Government, the situation in Woking, like the rest of local government, will only worsen.
My constituents will suffer the most, and that is unacceptable when it is not their fault.
I urge the Government to step in and provide the assistance we so desperately need to ensure that my community can recover and thrive.
Most people might think of Woking as a modern constituency, but it has a rich history that stretches back through the centuries.
Woking was mentioned in the Domesday Book.
Sutton Place, famous for being the former home of Paul Getty, dates from 1525, and is one of the oldest unfortified houses in the country.
Woking palace—now sadly a ruin—was a royal residence for both Henry VII and Henry VIII.
As a result, Woking football club, my local team, is affectionately known as the Cards, after Cardinal Wolsey.
Several Acts of Parliament have had an especially profound impact on Woking.
For example, the Basingstoke canal was authorised by Parliament in 1778.
The canal runs through much of Woking constituency.
It has shaped our area, and is a popular cycling and walking route and a haven for nature.
But like so many places in the country, Woking as we know it today was shaped by the railways.
With steam, stone and iron, Woking was cast into the proud town it is today.
In the mid-1800s we laid the foundations to become the great commuter town we are.
Woking is also a wonderfully diverse and welcoming place, home to the Shah Jahan mosque, the oldest in the country.
A vibrant Muslim community has developed in the town as a result.
More recently, we have welcomed Ukrainian refugees, and I attended many events to support our new Ukrainian residents with my predecessor, our former MP Jonathan Lord.
That was a powerful example of cross-party co-operation, and I thank Jonathan for his service as Woking’s MP, especially on this humanitarian issue where there was no disagreement whatsoever.
Although we were opponents at the last election, I wish him and his family well for the future.
Woking’s MP before Jonathan was Humfrey Malins, who founded the Immigration Advisory Service in 1992, which to this day provides free asylum and immigration advice to those who need it.
He got a CBE for his work.
Woking has a proud history of electing MPs who welcome immigration, and I am pleased to follow that tradition.
Our town is also known for its connection to McLaren; it hosts its Formula 1 team and luxury cars are built there.
I was privileged to make a visit only yesterday.
As a young child of around 11, I remember watching with excitement as McLaren toured the town with its Formula 1 cars, driven by Mika Häkkinen, to celebrate their success.
McLaren is winning again, much like the Liberal Democrats.
The town also takes great pride in being home to the World Wide Fund for Nature.
We have pressing issues, such as sewage in our rivers and the fight against climate change.
I am already working alongside the five other newly elected Liberal Democrat MPs in Surrey to hold Thames Water to account for sewage dumping in our local rivers and streams.
One of my first acts as an MP is to bring all the surrey MPs together to meet Thames Water to petition it for improvements and a better service.
Woking is fortunate to be surrounded by green spaces.
I love walking my dachshund Toffee on Horsell Common, where HG Wells famously landed his aliens in “War of the Worlds”.
So it was not a great surprise when Ed Davey’s Liberal Democrats turned up and started campaigning with their out-of-this-world stunts.
Of course, I’m only “woking”—I wouldn’t dare call my Liberal Democrat colleagues aliens.