Wages in my constituency are £10,000 lower than they would be had we grown at new Labour rates.
The divides caused by deindustrialisation have widened from cracks into chasms, with young men who used to leave school and get good jobs now 20% less likely to get any job; in our most deprived neighbourhoods, life expectancy falling before the pandemic; more than any fact or figure, the despair, the despondency and the anger; across and beyond our shores, war in Europe once more, with democracy in danger; and, most seriously of all, a planet that is burning.
For my community, this was the hottest summer we have ever known, followed by the worst flooding we have ever seen, destroying homes.
The Prime Minister and I saw that destruction when we visited the homes of Ian and Alan.
No one should wake up in the morning to find their home destroyed by flooding, but that will only become more common in the years ahead.
What we do in the next decade will determine the fate of our communities, of democracy and of our planet.
Either we will rise to this moment, build prosperity for all, protect democracy and stop emitting carbon, or everything we hold dear will crumble and fall.
Previous generations have shown us that we can rise to this moment that threatens us.
Our country stood alone against fascism in Europe and won.
I think today of my constituent William Williams, 104 years old, who flew Spitfires in the war.
As his generation rose to their moment, so can we.
My community have shown me that we can.
When the waters came and the floods rose, my constituents Caz and Carl did not pause to think if they could help, but only how they could help.
They organised collections, they provided refuge, and they looked after perfect strangers.
It is their spirit that I carry into this place—asking not if, but how.
How can we build prosperity and protect our planet from burning?
We can do so by investing in a green transition that creates good jobs and gets wages rising for the people and places left behind when the factories closed.
That is what we can achieve, and we are seeing it work already in the United States.
In my community there is world-leading hydrogen research and industry.
We need green hydrogen for fertiliser and to keep our trucks moving.
It is not a coincidence that I have chosen to speak in this debate, with Treasury Ministers on the Front Bench; I say to them, “Get out the cheque book”—they are very excited by that—“because I will be asking for money from both the National Wealth Fund and GB Energy.”
However, this is about more than cash.
It is about rebuilding hope and prosperity.
As a previous generation rose to their moment, in the midst of the most destructive war in the history of humankind, an economist wrote a report that still defines our nation.
He wrote:
“Freedom from want cannot be forced on a democracy or given to a democracy.
It must be won by them.”
It was won by them.
They built prosperity for all, with good jobs across our country, education for all, housing for all and healthcare for all.
As that generation rose to their moment, so will we, by building prosperity, protecting our planet and ending despair and despondency.
As previous generations rose to their moment, we will too, with the hope and determination that defines our communities and that defines our country.
Thank you, Ms Ghani.
I start by commending my hon.
Friends for their impassioned speeches, particularly my hon.
Friend  the Member for Loughborough (Dr Sandher) .
He will be pleased to know that I will not be a contender this year in the competition that he mentioned.
Maybe later, menopause depending.