I believe that in a growing, stable economy, we can see that happen.
Swindon is not just famous for its high number of roundabouts—if anyone in the Chamber has ever visited, I am sure they will remember those fondly—as we have also had the pleasure of not one, but two James Bond movies being filmed in the town.
It is impossible to talk about Swindon without mentioning its people.
The people make Swindon what it is: a kind, welcoming, industrious place full of passion, innovation and a desire to support others, including strong local charities such as BEST, a charity at the forefront of tackling antisocial behaviour through mentoring and sports, the Kelly Foundation, which supports people suffering with mental health issues, and Changing Suits, which is breaking down barriers in diverse communities to ensure that people get the help they need.
I want to say how proud I am of the residents in Swindon.
We have seen tough times across the country, with riots sparked by division invading many communities, but they did not come to Swindon because in Swindon we know that diverse communities can stand strong together against extremism.
We will not let division and hatred divide us; we will unite together and stand strong.
Swindon, for all its qualities, is not without its fair share of challenges—challenges that I will face head on.
Our people are among the least likely in the country to go on to higher education.
We have growing levels of knife crime and antisocial behaviour, raw sewage being pumped into our streams and residents of large housing estates being affected by unjust management companies and fleecehold.
However, I am confident that with our renewed Labour party and our ambitious agenda set out in the King’s Speech—whether that is recruiting and retaining teachers, increasing police presence on our streets, providing mental health professionals in schools or reforming leasehold and fleecehold—all backed and fully costed in a fiscally responsible Budget, the people of Swindon North will experience the positive change they deserve.
To finish, I am proud to be here representing such a fantastic group of people.
It truly is the opportunity of a lifetime, so once again, I say thank you so much to the people of Swindon North who have put their faith in me.
I will not let you down.
First, I congratulate Members who have also made their maiden speeches in the Chamber this afternoon.
In particular, I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Swindon North (Will Stone) .
I wonder whether his skills as a Brazilian jiu-jitsu black-belt led him to apply to be an extra in those movies that he mentioned.
I will be watching out for him in the fight scenes.
It is the honour and privilege of my life to be standing in this Chamber giving my maiden speech as the Member of Parliament for Chelmsford.
It is a wonderful, young city located in the heart of Essex that I have had the joy to call my home for the past 20 years or so.
The constituency covers the main urban area of the city of Chelmsford.
It is blessed with beautiful parks and flanking rivers that wind their way through the city centre, passing the home of the Essex Eagles at the Essex county cricket ground.
We have a thriving high street that attracts shoppers from miles around.
Investment into the constituency from the public and private sectors means that its future continues to look bright.
From Waterhouse Farm in the west, to Chelmer village in the east, and from Springfield in the northern reaches to the southern boundaries of Goat Hall and everywhere in between, I am proud to call Chelmsford my home and even prouder to be standing here today representing its constituents in this magnificent place.
Chelmsford has one of the busiest two-platform train stations outside of London.