Labour is taking a leaf from the SNP playbook by refusing to take responsibility for its own actions.
This is happening because of choices made by this Labour Government that have been passed on by the SNP in Edinburgh.
Labour’s election slogan was all about change and, under this Labour Government, pensioners do not seem to have any change to spare.
A woman called Lesley told Age Scotland that the winter fuel payment
“is literally a life saver for us.”
Another person, Brian, told Age Scotland:
“I would freeze without it, or go hungry.”
Is this the change that Labour meant—taking money away from struggling pensioners?
There seems to be no recognition or apology from the shadow Secretary of State for the legacy his party has left this Government to try to clear up.
We knew about the massive overspend in public services by the previous Government, and the audit the Chancellor did in her first weekend in office revealed the £22 billion black hole.
These things have to be fixed.
We did not expect or want to make such tough decisions, but we have had to make them to fix the foundations of our economy.
May I add my congratulations to the Secretary of State?
I know it has not always been easy and sometimes it has been a lonely path, so I offer my personal congratulations to him on his appointment and to  the hon.
Member for Midlothian (Kirsty McNeill)  on taking her place.
I will take the Secretary of State at face value on improving the relationship between the Scottish and UK Governments, but he will be aware of the devastating consequences of the cuts in the winter fuel payment for pensioners in both our constituencies and across Scotland.
In order to work better with the Scottish Government, will he do better than giving them just 90 minutes’ notice next time?
I welcome the hon.
Gentleman back to his place, having won the election for the new constituency of Arbroath and Broughty Ferry.
He should look at what the Finance Secretary said in the Scottish Parliament yesterday: she announced half a billion pounds of cuts, including £120 million in health services and £20 million in mental health services, and she has sold the family inheritance by using the ScotWind money to plug the additional funding gaps in the budget.
Audit Scotland and the Institute for Fiscal Studies have been clear that this is a problem of the Scottish Government’s own making, so if they want to reset the relationship, they can start by taking responsibility for their own actions.
What discussions he has had with the Scottish Government on steps to help promote economic growth in Scotland.
I am committed to working with the Scottish Government and have already met the Deputy First Minister four times in eight weeks.
Resetting the relationship between Scotland’s two Governments is crucial to driving economic growth.
Just last week, my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor of the Exchequer was in Glasgow and met the First Minister.
The Prime Minister has made resetting the relationship a key part of his new way of working in government.
He has met with the First Minister to have those discussions and with members of the business community to discuss growing the Scottish economy.
It is the choice of all of us to grow the Scottish economy and something we all need to do together.
The Secretary of State will be aware that macroeconomic policy sits here in Westminster and that decisions taken here have a huge impact.
We have worked on this issue before, so does he agree with the SNP that being outside the customs union and the single market is bad for growth in the Scottish economy, or does he agree with the Conservatives and their Reform party colleagues that it has been good for the Scottish economy?
The hon.