I know that every Member across this House wants our communities to succeed and to contribute to our national success.
That is what my community has done before and will do again, with hope and determination.
My story does not begin in Loughborough.
I was not born there—unlike my neighbours, who are now my friends, and who have made it my home.
My story instead begins in rural Punjab, 4,000 miles away, where my father was born almost 70 years ago.
His chances of dying before his fifth birthday were one in four.
Today, a child born in the same place is around nine times less likely to die.
That is what economic growth means.
It means less suffering, it means less misery and it means less death.
That is why I became an economist: to build prosperity and to lessen misery.
I learned my trade in the Treasury and then went to work in Somaliland, one of the poorest nations on Earth, where I helped to write its economic policy, its budgets and its national development plan.
That was where I saw the horrors of climate change lead to drought, hunger and death, but also where I learned that even in the darkest of hours and the most difficult of moments we can build prosperity.
Now I stand here as the elected Member of Parliament for my community.
It says something remarkable about our nation that the fact that I, the son of immigrants, am standing in this Chamber is in and of itself unremarkable.
It speaks to our common culture—a culture forged of different backgrounds, a culture that not only rejects the violence we saw over the summer, but completely rejects its reasoning too.
My election represents an historic first for my community.
I am a member of an under-represented minority—I am, of course, the first Member of Parliament elected by the men and women of Loughborough to have a beard.
To the organisers of the beard of the year competition I say, “Call me.”
Luckily for me, my dad is not eligible for that particular competition.
I know that  the right hon.
Member for Islington North (Jeremy Corbyn)  has won the award several times; I hope he does not mind me winning the prize this time, as long as I let him win the argument.
My predecessor in this place, Jane Hunt, was not a contender for that award, but no one can doubt her commitment to team Loughborough, and every single Member across this House and across my community will wish her the very best, especially as she has recovered from cancer.
Her predecessor, Baroness Morgan, has talents that are well known both in this and the other place.
Before her was my good friend and mentor Andy Reed.
Members who know Andy will know that he is  still a leading figure in sports policy, and they will also know that Andy is the nicest man in British politics.
It is his character that I hope to live up to in this place.
However, I rise to speak at the most difficult time for our communities and our nation since 1945.
Our communities are in crisis.
Wages in my constituency are £10,000 lower than they would be had we grown at new Labour rates.
The divides caused by deindustrialisation have widened from cracks into chasms, with young men who used to leave school and get good jobs now 20% less likely to get any job; in our most deprived neighbourhoods, life expectancy falling before the pandemic; more than any fact or figure, the despair, the despondency and the anger; across and beyond our shores, war in Europe once more, with democracy in danger; and, most seriously of all, a planet that is burning.
For my community, this was the hottest summer we have ever known, followed by the worst flooding we have ever seen, destroying homes.