You have all been fantastic.
It is truly an honour for me to make my maiden speech in a debate on budget responsibility, and I am proud to be elected in this new Labour Government—a Government committed to fiscal responsibility, credibility and accountability.
We will ensure that taxpayers’ money is managed and spent wisely, not recklessly as the previous Administration did.
I have the absolute pleasure of representing Swindon North, the town where I was born, raised and am proud to call my home.
I am also proud of the fact that I am the first Member of Parliament in Swindon North’s history to have been born in the town.
I pay tribute to my predecessor, Mr Justin Tomlinson, who served as the Member of Parliament for North Swindon for 14 years.
Justin was a ferocious campaigner and he also supported many local community groups and was incredibly passionate about football, namely our local club, Supermarine FC.
While we do not align politically, Justin has my respect, so I thank him for his service.
I would also like to mention another former Member of Parliament for Swindon: one of my mentors, the Labour peer Lord Michael Wills.
I have learned so much from Michael.
Even though he is going through an incredibly tough time with his health, he has always been there to support and guide me with his expert knowledge.
Michael is not only a top-notch politician, but a published author of crime novels.
I only recently found that out, but I guess it is not too much of a surprise, considering he was once a Minister of State for Justice.
I am truly privileged to follow in his footsteps.
If I am half the parliamentarian he was, I will have done Swindon proud.
I hope the House will join in wishing him a speedy recovery, and I hope to repay his trust in the Chamber.
I am the first Brazilian jiu-jitsu black-belt to be elected to Parliament, and I used to run my own academy.
Ms Ghani, I promise this is somewhat relevant.
When I left the Army, I had offers to teach Brazilian jiu-jitsu across the world, from Abu Dhabi to Arizona, but I picked Swindon.
I am often asked, “Why did you choose Swindon?”,
but it is an easy answer for me: I love Swindon.
I love my hometown.
It is a wonderful town built on industry and is full of passion and hope.
Our history is a proud history of reinvention.
We started life as a farming town with a focus on pig markets, then we transitioned and became a hub for the railways in  the 19th century.
Generations of railway workers and their families benefited from the cradle-to-grave healthcare that is rumoured to have inspired the great NHS.
As technology developed, so did Swindon, and we became home to the likes of Rover, Honda and Mini, but what is next?
We are at a pivotal point in history for my town.
Where does Swindon go next?
My hope is that it will go as it always has: into the future, at the forefront of new technologies and green technologies.
I hope that my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Doncaster North (Ed Miliband)  hears that.
It is my mission to foster green growth in Swindon and see the town thrive again with high-skilled, well-paid jobs.
I believe that in a growing, stable economy, we can see that happen.
Swindon is not just famous for its high number of roundabouts—if anyone in the Chamber has ever visited, I am sure they will remember those fondly—as we have also had the pleasure of not one, but two James Bond movies being filmed in the town.
It is impossible to talk about Swindon without mentioning its people.