I have had numerous productive meetings with Scottish Government Ministers, including the Deputy First Minister.
We have had 17 days of visits across Scotland, and seven members of the Cabinet have already visited.
There have been dozens of calls between Secretaries of State and Cabinet Secretaries.
I look forward to working with the Scottish Government to deliver our shared priorities for the people of Scotland.
Scotland’s official economic forecaster, the Scottish Fiscal Commission, has said of the Scottish Budget that
“much of the pressure comes from the Scottish Government’s own decisions.”
Does the Secretary of State agree that the Scottish Government must accept responsibility for the catastrophic state of Scotland’s public finances?
My hon.
Friend is right; the Scottish Fiscal Commission did say that.
While this new Government are cleaning up the mess of the previous Conservative Government, the SNP seems to be cleaning up its own mess.
In 2023, Audit Scotland said:
“The Scottish Government’s projections suggest that it cannot afford to pay for public services in their current form.”
As we have heard, the IFS said this morning that SNP decisions have reduced the tax take rather than increase it.
This is about treating taxpayers’ money with respect and being honest about the tough choices we face.
An honest assessment of the SNP Government’s Budget is that these problems have been stored up for years.
Tough decisions have been kicked into the long grass, and money has been spent recklessly.
It is a problem of the SNP’s own making, and the Scottish people will suffer as the SNP tries to clear it up.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
I, too, start by congratulating both Ministers on their appointment to the Scotland Office.
I loved my time at the Scotland Office, and I know they will be very well supported by the Department’s excellent team of officials, some of whom are in the Box today.
Labour plans to end the winter fuel payment, taking money away from elderly people who have worked all their days.
Age Scotland has said:
“At minimum, a quarter of a million pensioners in Scotland on the lowest incomes or living in fuel poverty will no longer receive this vital financial support over the winter months, while hundreds of thousands more on modest incomes are going to struggle”.
Labour has cut the winter fuel payment across the UK, and the SNP is doing Labour’s dirty work in Scotland.
What does the Minister have to say to the 250,000 elderly Scots who are in poverty and struggling with the decisions of Labour and the SNP?
I welcome the shadow Secretary of State to his new post.
During the inheritance statement a few weeks ago, the Chancellor set out how the current Government are fixing the foundations and trying to clear up the dreadful legacy left by the Government of which the hon.
Gentleman was a member.
The Chancellor did not want or expect to make these decisions, but they had to be made to try to get the finances in balance and to make sure that we can fix the foundations to deliver on our manifesto.
That is the legacy of the previous Government and, as I said in my previous answer, the SNP has made a mess of the public finances over the last 17 years.
As we saw in the Scottish Parliament yesterday, the SNP has one hell of a mess to clear up, and it is Scottish pensioners and the Scottish people who will pay the price.
Labour is taking a leaf from the SNP playbook by refusing to take responsibility for its own actions.
This is happening because of choices made by this Labour Government that have been passed on by the SNP in Edinburgh.
Labour’s election slogan was all about change and, under this Labour Government, pensioners do not seem to have any change to spare.