I think of the community café at the beautiful Ulley reservoir, the work of the Salvation Army at the Dinnington food bank, the Community Fridge in Kiveton Park, the volunteer gardeners in Harthill, the community energy project in Woodsetts, or the MacMillan coffee mornings in Anston.
This spirit ultimately wins the day, even in the shadow of horror.
In a previous life, as a pupil barrister, I sat behind prosecuting counsel at the trial of the murderer of Jo Cox MP.
I learnt an awful lot—not about legal process or criminal procedure, but from Jo’s family, who arrived each day at court with smiles, holding hands and with a bag of sweets that they offered to assembled journalists, security guards and indeed the lawyers, including the defence barrister.
I take inspiration from their strength.
It was an honour to campaign for my hon.
Friend  the Member for Spen Valley (Kim Leadbeater)  in that vital by-election, and it is even more so to share these green Benches with her today.
That spirit of generosity, the strength of unity in the face of the darkest forces, is what I will try to further in my role in this place.
In that spirit, I praise Alexander Stafford, my predecessor, who was a hard-working MP, and who leaves the House as his brother arrives—no doubt  the hon.
Member for Farnham and Bordon (Gregory Stafford)  will follow in his brother’s footsteps.
In this place, Alexander will perhaps be best remembered for his work promoting the independence of Somaliland, and I know from my own social media that many in Hargeisa were very grateful for his adoption of their cause.
I thank him for his service.
Let me end by saying that I will work every day in this place to do my utmost to tackle the forces of division and darkness during my time here, and to do my bit to bring people together, because after all, as Jo Cox told us, we have more in common than that which divides us.
I pay tribute to  the hon.
Member for Dudley (Sonia Kumar)  for her excellent maiden speech.
Indeed, we have heard more than half a dozen excellent maiden speeches today, several of which touched on the climate crisis and the future of children in our country, themes that relate to my amendment.
I was touched to hear the passion with which all the new Members spoke about their experiences and commitments.
My amendment 5 requires the OBR to report on the impact of fiscally significant measures announced by the Government on the UK’s statutory net zero target.
The justification for my amendment is that we simply cannot separate the economy and the climate—they are interlinked.
To deliver the green economic transformation that we so urgently need, as referenced by hon.
Members speaking earlier, every single policy must be aligned with the UK’s net zero target and every Government spending decision should be as well.
It makes sense to increase the OBR’s remit on net zero to specifically consider the impact of climate risks on economic stability, and how far policies introduced at fiscal events will reduce or increase these risks.
Fiscal events, namely Budgets and spending reviews, lock in what is happening in our economy for years to come, even generations, so it beggars belief that they are not properly taking account of climate impacts.
Whether those policies are spending on new roads, subsidies and tax breaks for oil and gas, investment in renewables infrastructure or giveaways like a freeze on fuel duty, they all have direct impacts on the UK’s prospect of meeting our net zero targets.
Those impacts should be made clear and considered explicitly in the policy-making paper.
We need to be thinking about the impacts of today’s economic policies on the prospects for future generations.
The costs of failing to take an approach that considers climate impacts are eye watering.