What hope can the Secretary of State offer to Westonians who have paid their taxes, but are not getting any NHS dentistry in exchange?
My hon.
Friend is right.
The amount of NHS dentistry being delivered in his ICB has gone up in the last year, but we want to go further.
The NHS has recently commissioned additional children’s orthodontic capacity within his ICB, but through the actions we are going to take, we will go further.
I call Judith Cummins with the final question.
Having 100% fracture liaison services coverage in England would prevent an estimated 74,000 fractures, including 31,000 hip fractures, over five years.
Will the Minister finally commit to 100% FLS coverage across England?
In the interests of brevity, I will actively look at that issue and write to the hon.
Lady about it.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Education if she will make a statement on the 2023-2024 core school budget allocations.
As the Government confirmed in a written ministerial statement yesterday, the Department for Education has corrected an error in the notional allocations of the schools national funding formula for 2024-2025.
Those allocations were originally published and notified to the House on  17 July 2023 .
However, the Department has subsequently uncovered an error made by officials during the initial calculations of the national funding formula.
Specifically, there was an error processing forecast pupil numbers, which meant that the overall cost of the core schools budget for 2024-25 would be 0.62% greater than allocated.
The Department therefore issued new national funding formula allocations on  6 October  to rectify that error as quickly as possible.
The permanent secretary has apologised for the error in writing to both the Chair of the Education Committee and the Secretary of State.
The Secretary of State has instructed the permanent secretary to conduct a formal review of the quality assurance process surrounding the calculation and quality assurance of the NFF, with external and independent scrutiny.
Peter Wyman CBE, the chair of the Institute of Charted Accountants in England and Wales, will lead the review.
Improvements have already been identified to ensure that similar mistakes are not made.
I would like to reassure the House that the error does not affect the overall level of school funding, which remains at £59.6 billion for 2024-25.
The Government continue to deliver, in full, the core schools budget, which includes funding for mainstream schools and for high needs.
As I said, it will remain at £59.6 billion in 2024-25—its highest ever level in real terms and, of course, in cash terms.
That is a percentage increase of 3.2% compared with the current year of 2023-24.
Through the schools national funding formula, average funding is £5,300 per primary school pupil and £6,830 per secondary school pupil in 2024-25, up from £5,200 and £6,720 respectively in 2023-24.
Schools have not yet received their 2024-25 funding, so the correction of this error does not mean adjusting any funding that schools have already received.
Likewise, the error will not impact on the publication of a dedicated schools grant in December, or on when schools will receive their final allocations for 2024-25.
The 2024-25 high needs national funding formula allocations, which fund provisions for children with complex special educational needs and disabilities, are also unaffected by the error, as are other funding streams outside the NFF, including the teachers’ pay additional grant announced in the summer.
I also clarify that the recalculation of the NFF for 2024-25 does not affect the affordability of the 2023 teachers’ pay award.
There has been no change to the funding that was promised as part of the pay settlement in July and which the unions agreed meant that the pay award is properly funded.
The Government recognise that the  correction of the NFF error will be difficult for local authorities and frustrating for some school leaders, which is why the Department has rectified the error as quickly as possible.