As I said, integrated care boards are responsible for meeting the health needs of their individual populations, and that includes capital allocation.
The 2021 spending review set aside £12 billion in capital funding, and since 2016 over £160 million has been invested in radiotherapy equipment, but of course I want to see more investment in this important technology and the necessary upgrades across England.
I very much look forward to our meeting, where we can discuss that further.
What recent progress NHS England has made on implementing its paediatric cancer strategy for London.
Following Professor Sir Mike Richards’s review, it is now a national requirement for all paediatric cancer services to be co-located with a children’s intensive care unit.
The current principal treatment centre for south London and the south-east does not meet those  requirements.
NHS England has launched a reconfiguration process to identify a new location, which includes a public consultation.
The future centre will achieve world class outcomes for children with cancer.
I would be very happy to meet Members whose constituents may be affected to discuss that further.
I am grateful to the Minister for that offer, because that would have been part of my question.
Then you don’t need to ask it.
But in true style, Mr Speaker, I was hoping for two bites at the cherry. [
Laughter.]
In my recent discussions with the management of St George’s Hospital, one concern about the consultation is that the specialist paediatric cancer surgical unit based at St George’s may be lost if the current proposal goes through.
That would potentially affect real outcomes for a number of children.
Will the Minister have a look at that and explain to me whether he is concerned about the current scoring by the NHS?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his supplementary question.
While I cannot pre-empt the outcome of the consultation, which closes on  18 December , I can assure him that there will be no sudden changes in the way patients receive their care.
Any move will of course be carefully planned with the full involvement of current teams, and clear information will be provided for parents and families.
NHS England will help as many experienced staff as possible to move to the future centre, and I can reassure my hon.
Friend that that centre will build on all the strengths of the existing service and provide the best quality of care for patients.
What recent assessment he has made of the effectiveness of integrated care systems.
Integrated care systems and the organisations within them are making real progress in understanding the health needs of their populations, setting out their plans, developing the infrastructure needed for collaboration, and bringing health and social care organisations together to serve the needs of their communities.
NHS Cheshire and Merseyside integrated care board has instructed all NHS providers to make cuts of 5% in their services.
Its instruction is not being discussed with members of the public, Members of Parliament or indeed anyone, and it is clear there is no mandate for this action.
Given that the Government have made great play of the NHS having more funds than ever before, I am at a loss to understand why the cuts are necessary, so will the Minister intervene to ensure that they do not happen on her watch?
NHS England determines the funding received by integrated care systems.
That follows a formula which takes into account the needs of local populations, demographic deprivation and so on, and ICSs are then able to direct resources as they are best  needed across those populations.
Part of their value, and part of the intention in setting them up along with the organisations within them, lies in that ability to understand the health needs of local populations and direct resources accordingly.
Integrated care systems bring partner organisations together to improve health, tackle inequalities, and enhance value for money.