We are already in the bottom 20 in the country for school funding and in the bottom third for high needs.
I had a meeting with parents on Friday night, and 150 of them were in tears and on their knees about the SEN funding.
The formulas are just not working in areas where there is low funding.
Will the Minister bring forward the fair funding formula to ensure that children in my constituency with SEND have fair funding allocated to them?
I understand the hon.
Lady’s points, and I share the concern of parents with children with special educational needs and disabilities.
We do want to make sure that local authorities are properly funded for children with those special needs, which is why we have increased funding for high needs very significantly over the past few years.
Over £10 billion is now allocated to local authorities for those children.
If we look at the national funding formula, we see that 10.2% of the formula—£4.4 billion—is on the basis of deprivation factors, and 17.8% is allocated on the basis of additional needs.
These are very significant sums both in the national funding formula for mainstream schools and the extra money we are giving to local authorities for high needs.
Motion for leave to bring in a Bill ( Standing Order No.
23 )
I beg to move,
That leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend the Scotland Act 1998 to grant legislative competence for employment matters to the Scottish Parliament.
At the outset, I draw the House’s attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests, as a member of the SNP trade union group and in relation to my own membership of Unite.
As this Parliament begins to draw to a close, many of us are left wondering why the much-vaunted Employment Bill never materialised.
After all, we were promised that Brexit—now supported enthusiastically by the Tories and Labour—would not lead to a diminution of workers’ rights, but would instead be an opportunity to enhance employment protections.
Despite countless fire and rehire incidences—many of which have been referenced by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Paisley and Renfrewshire North (Gavin Newlands) —ever more maternity discrimination and an assault on trade union rights by a Tory Government acting like Thatcher on steroids, the very opposite has happened.
The fact is that employment rights under this British Government are under attack.
Far from dealing with workplace discrimination on issues such as the menopause, we have a Government actively and increasingly hindering the rights of workers with their Strikes (Minimum Service Levels) Act 2023.
It is a piece of legislation that even the International Labour Organisation has expressed concern about.
As the world of work continues to evolve and we seek to build back better from the pandemic, Brexit Britain is now on a steep decline when it comes to employment protections.
However, this is an issue that extends far beyond the immediate rights available to workers, because it is fundamentally a matter of equality.
The way in which we value workers in our legislative framework sets the expectation of what we should expect workplace cultures to emulate, and legislation must help build the foundations of a fair and equal labour market.
Let us take, for example, some evidence published in July by the charity Pregnant Then Screwed.
Of 24,000 parents surveyed, it was found that 7% of women lost their job through redundancy, sacking or feeling forced to leave due to a flexible working request being denied.
The charity estimates that, if scaled up, this would mean that over 41,000 pregnant women or mothers could be sacked or made redundant every year.
Under-represented groups continue to face significant inequalities in the workplace, and I and many of my colleagues have stood here time and again calling for the enshrinement of flexible working as a day-one right, as well as mandatory gender and ethnicity pay gap reporting.