I thank the Secretary of State for that answer.
Many commercial infant and toddler foods are ultra-processed, which sets alarm bells ringing as ultra-processed food is strongly associated with cardiovascular diseases and 40% of 10 to 11-year-olds are obese.
I strongly believe that parents are being misled by companies that put health claims on ultra-processed infant food, when in fact the food is anything but healthy—it is high in fat, salt and sugar.
What steps are the Government taking to address the disingenuous and grossly misleading marketing and labelling of commercial infant and toddler food and drink?
The actual allocations to schools happen in December each year in the normal way, so this situation will not affect the figures that local authorities have informed schools they will be receiving.
Those are based on the October census of pupil numbers and the application of the local formula.
We then fund the local authorities on the basis of the national funding.
The record funding of £59.6 billion equates to an average of £5,300 per primary school pupil and £6,830 per secondary school pupil.
My hon.
Friend raises an important point, and I know she has secured a debate in the House this week to further explore these issues.
She will be aware that there has been a 13% increase in the number of midwifery programme place starters since two years ago.
That is alongside the £165 million added to the maternity budget since 2021 and the key increase in midwifery places in the long-term workforce plan.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps his Department is taking to train more NHS staff.
The NHS long-term workforce plan sets out a path to double the number of medical school training places, increase GP training by 50% and double the number of adult nursing training places.
What steps are the Government taking to increase the recruitment of midwives, given the closure of Stafford County Hospital’s freestanding midwifery birthing unit due to shortages, and how is the Secretary of State going to ensure that all midwives are trained to deal with birth injuries to reduce risk?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point, and I know she has secured a debate in the House this week to further explore these issues.
She will be aware that there has been a 13% increase in the number of midwifery programme place starters since two years ago.
That is alongside the £165 million added to the maternity budget since 2021 and the key increase in midwifery places in the long-term workforce plan.[Official Report,  7 November 2023 , Vol.
740, c. 2MC.]
It is obviously welcome to train and recruit as many staff as possible, but part of the problem is actually retaining the staff.
We are increasingly seeing among the reasons given for leaving, particularly by nurses, their work-life balance.
What is the Secretary of State doing to address that?
Just yesterday, I met leaders of the NHS Staff Council, who represent trade unions under Agenda for Change, as part of our ongoing discussions on the agreement we will reach with them, which includes working together on retention and how we address some of the challenges the workforce face.
May I congratulate the Secretary of State on being ahead of track to hire 50,000 more nurses this Parliament, as we committed to in the 2019 manifesto?
However, can I push him by asking him where he is up to on ensuring that enough staff are trained to do clinical trials, as set out in the excellent O’Shaughnessy review, and can he give us an update of where implementation of that review is up to?
I very much welcome my right hon.
Friend signalling that we are ahead of the manifesto commitment not just in nurses being recruited, but in key additional roles in primary care, where the target was 26,000 and actually 31,000 have now been recruited.
He is right about the importance of clinical research.