It is not just Mid Bedfordshire.
Across the country, the No.1 reason children aged six to 10 are admitted to hospital is tooth decay.
Given that, will the Secretary of State at least adopt the modest measure that Labour has proposed to introduce national supervised tooth brushing for small children—low cost, high impact—to keep their teeth clean and keep children out of hospital?
We are reforming the NHS workforce more fundamentally, looking at how we expand the roles that dental hygienists and dental therapists can perform.
We are looking at how we can boost training, which is why we have made the commitment for more dentists in the long-term workforce plan, backed by £2.4 billion.
How does that help?
It increases the number of dentists being trained and we have a quarter more activity compared with last year.
Can the Minister confirm that the £312 million capital investment to transform the Shrewsbury and Telford Hospital NHS Trust acute hospitals is on track through the NHS approval process, with its outline business case, to enable a full business case to be concluded in the coming months so that construction can commence during this financial year?
My right hon.
Friend has long championed this cause.
I hope it is good news that I am able to confirm that enabling works have recently been approved for the Shrewsbury and Telford Hospital NHS Trust hospital transformation programme and are expected to commence this financial year.
I can also confirm that funding has been provided for the development of the full business case and is expected to be submitted in the coming months.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
New research by UNICEF UK has made clear how badly the cost of living crisis has hit the mental health of families with young children.
Rising prices and services gutted by austerity have left 60% of parents feeling overwhelmed, anxious, unsupported and lonely all or most of the time.
What representations has the Secretary of State made to his Cabinet colleagues ahead of the upcoming autumn statement to support families and to improve health outcomes?
That shows just how divorced the SNP line of questioning is from the reality of funding.
The funding for mental health is £2.3 billion more this year than it was four years ago.
We are funding 160 mental health crisis cafés and we have a programme of mental health support teams being rolled out in our schools, all of which is subject to Barnett consequentials on which the Scottish Government receive money.
This Government  are committed to investing in mental health.
That is what we are doing.
The question for the Scottish Government is why they are not getting the same results that we are.
Most supermarkets practise place-based and price promotions mainly on ultra processed food—food that plays a key part in feeding the obesity crisis.
How can the Government best ensure that supermarkets promote affordable, unprocessed and sustainable foods, not foods high in fat, sugar and salt, and, importantly how can we ensure that supermarkets comply with the regulations?
We have already brought in restrictions on the places that unhealthy food can be sold to stop pester power.
That is on top of other measures that we are taking on obesity such as the sugar tax, calorie labelling, the extra money for school sport, and the extra facilities for young people.
It is a serious issue and one on which we are taking urgent action.
I was going to ask a question about the shocking statistic of 85,000 people on the waiting list at Norfolk and Norwich University Hospital, but so poor was the Secretary of State’s response to the question of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Ilford North (Wes Streeting)  about the dental desert that I will tell him a quick story.