There are several hundred extra appointments every week.
I thank my hon.
Friend for his answer.
It is not sustainable for the people of West Dorset who have needed dental care for some time when there is a £400 million national underspend in the dental care budget.
The NHS and local dentists tell me that the incompatibility often relates to the national dental care contract, which is up for review.
When does the Minister expect a solution to be found to this contract difficulty?
Will he meet me and the NHS Dorset ICB to discuss the matter in detail to find a solution?
Absolutely.
I am keen to continue the conversation with my hon.
Friend.
These issues are exactly why, this summer, we legislated to allow rebasing and to end the inflexibility he describes.
We are also in the process of ringfencing local dental budgets, because we do not want to see underspends.
We want to see that money going to NHS dentistry.
What steps he is taking to improve waiting times for cancer treatment.
What steps he is taking to improve waiting times for cancer treatment.
Improving cancer treatment waiting times is a top priority for this Government, and it is a key focus of our elective recovery plan, backed by an additional £8 billion in revenue funding across the spending review period.
In August 2023, cancer treatment activity for first treatments stood at 105% of pre-pandemic levels on a per working day basis, and the 62-day backlog has fallen 30% since its peak in the pandemic.
Pancreatic cancer is the deadliest type of common cancer, killing more than half of those diagnosed in England within three months.
I know the pain of losing close friends and family to pancreatic cancer and how important it is that people are diagnosed and treated quickly.
Under this Government we have seen NHS waiting lists go up, not down.
What is the Minister doing to ensure that people with pancreatic cancer are seen, diagnosed and treated quickly?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her question, and, of course, I recognise the importance of early diagnosis and treatment.
Cancer checks are up by a quarter on pre-pandemic levels, and in August more than 91% of patients started their first cancer treatment within a month of a decision to treat.
We have opened 123 additional community diagnostic centres and an additional 94 surgical hubs, but I accept, of course, that there is much more that we need to do.
The Minister has again been referring to “pre-pandemic levels”.
Ministers have a tendency to blame covid for increased waiting times, including in respect of cancer.
I presume they are aware that the number of cancer patients not getting care on time rose in every year since the Conservatives came to power before the pandemic.
How can the Government defend that dreadful record?
We are continuing to support NHS England in increasing cancer treatment capacity.
As I say, I recognise the importance of early diagnosis and treatment of cancer.
NHS England has instructed integrated care boards to increase and prioritise the diagnostic and treatment capacity for cancer.
As of the middle of this year, we have 93 additional surgical hubs that are currently operational and 123 additional community diagnostic centres, which have delivered more than 5 million additional tests since July 2021, but we know and recognise that we need to do more.
Members will know from my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests that I am an NHS consultant and a member of the British Medical Association.
I congratulate the Minister on the work he is doing to reduce waiting lists, but BMA strikes have led to the loss of more than 1 million appointments,  have delayed the reporting of scans, including scans for cancer, and have disrupted people’s chronic long-term condition treatment.
What is he doing to ensure that there are no further strikes?