My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right: it was unfortunate.
As a Minister, when officials gather outside my office to tell me great news about an error that has been made, my instinct is always to find out what the error is and rectify it as quickly as possible.
That took about four weeks, compared with the normal six weeks to calculate the NFF, and we then published the figures as rapidly as possible.
That is the approach that the Department and I have taken.
Earlier this year, the Sutton Trust reported that half of school leaders said that they had already been forced to cut back on trips and outings.
That includes cultural trips to concerts and plays, which often have a profound effect on young people who would not otherwise be able to attend those events.
The average secondary school is now being told that it will have around £58,000 less to spend than was announced in July—whatever the Minister says, those schools will have planned on the basis of that money.
I am concerned that even fewer young people will now be able to access the benefits of cultural trips.
What is the Minister doing to make sure that young people in state-funded schools still have access to cultural experiences that enrich their education?
The figures published in July were indicative figures.
They are used by local authorities.
Once the October census comes out with the pupil numbers, they then apply their local formula to those figures.
That is the allocation that schools use for their budgeting, and that happens around December.
Over the period between 2021-22 and 2024-25, school funding has increased by 20%, so there has been a very significant increase.
I agree with the hon.
Member about the importance of cultural activities in schools, which is why we have a cultural education plan that is being worked on at the moment.
One reason why this Minister has been in his post so long is that successive Prime Ministers have judged him to be rather good at his job.
For the benefit of the House, can he confirm that the civil servants who discovered the mistake made it known to Ministers at the first possible opportunity, and that Ministers made it known to the public at the first possible opportunity?
Does that not reflect credit on our parliamentary democratic system?
I am grateful to my right hon.
Friend for his kind comments.
He is absolutely right: as soon as we knew about the error, I wanted to make sure that we were doing everything we could to rectify it and find a solution to the problem that officials and the Department  had caused.
That was my approach, and that is why we recalculated the whole of the national funding formula notional allocations as soon as we could and published that detail on  6 October .
For far too long, the Department for Education has been plagued by a litany of failures that have had a devastating impact on children, their parents and teachers.
We have had the mutant algorithm and the RAAC roofs, we have a crisis in our SEND system, and now we have a bit of good old-fashioned incompetence.
Does the Minister agree that it is high time that the Secretary of State offered an apology to the British public for all this, or does he think that—in her words—we should thank her for doing a flipping good job?
The last flippant comment was not necessary; these are all serious issues.
Issues such as RAAC have been around in our school system since the 1950s and 1960s.
When we discovered new facts and new evidence, we took swift action.
There will always be almost no notice; when we have evidence, we cannot just sit on it until a more convenient time to announce it.
We had to announce it straightaway.