The Prime Minister has also unveiled plans to introduce a new law to prevent children who turn 14 this year from ever legally being sold cigarettes, creating the first smokefree generation.
Last week, my Department launched an expedited consultation to crack down on youth vaping.
I thank the Secretary of State for his statement, particularly what he said about tech.
On dental provision, I recently met with Dr Khan of Westbury Park dental practice in my constituency to discuss access to NHS dentistry, which is becoming more difficult for many of my constituents.
I welcome the plans we have to increase the number of dentists and I reiterate my support for a dental school at Keele University, but those plans will take time.
In the short term, there is a huge backlog of overseas clinicians waiting to take the registration exam so that they can practise here.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking to expedite this?
He is right that we are taking both long-term and short-term actions.
A key part of the long-term workforce plan is to boost the number of dentists being trained.
In the more immediate term, earlier this year we made legislative changes that give the General Dental Council the flexibility to improve the way professionals are registered, giving more flexibility in terms of the skills mix and, for example, tripling the number of people sitting part 1 this year, so that more overseas professionals can be recognised and qualified to practise in the UK.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
In Mid Bedfordshire last year, 165 children—[Interruption.]
I do not know why Government Members are laughing; perhaps they should listen, as it is not our party that has let down the people of Mid Bedfordshire.
Last year, 165 children in Mid Bedfordshire had teeth removed due to tooth decay.
Some 800 patients were forced into A&E for the same reason and 100,000 people across the region cannot get access to an NHS dentist.
Instead of laughing, the Government might like to adopt Labour’s plan to provide 700,000 extra dentistry appointments every year.
Since 2010, we have had 6.5% more dentists, a quarter more appointments and, as we have just touched on, increasing flexibility in regulation and boosting overseas recruitment.
It is striking that one area of the country that the shadow Secretary of State does not want to talk about is Wales, which has a record of what a Labour Government will deliver.
Indeed, the Leader of the Opposition says that he wants Wales to be the “blueprint” for what the NHS would be in England.
There, this week, we have seen a fiddling of the figures on health.
Even without that fiddling, we know people are twice as likely to be on a waiting list in Wales as in England—
Order.
One of us has got to sit down and it is not going to be me.
I let you have a good crack at the beginning, Secretary of State.
Your opening statement took quite a long time, which I do not mind.
I do not mind your having a go about Wales, but I am certainly  not going to open up a debate between the Government and Opposition Front Benches.
Topical questions are for Back Benchers and about short questions with short answers.
I want it to be kept that way, so please understand that.
There must be too many by-elections, because Members are getting carried away.
It is not just Mid Bedfordshire.
Across the country, the No.1 reason children aged six to 10 are admitted to hospital is tooth decay.
Given that, will the Secretary of State at least adopt the modest measure that Labour has proposed to introduce national supervised tooth brushing for small children—low cost, high impact—to keep their teeth clean and keep children out of hospital?