I also clarify that the recalculation of the NFF for 2024-25 does not affect the affordability of the 2023 teachers’ pay award.
There has been no change to the funding that was promised as part of the pay settlement in July and which the unions agreed meant that the pay award is properly funded.
The Government recognise that the  correction of the NFF error will be difficult for local authorities and frustrating for some school leaders, which is why the Department has rectified the error as quickly as possible.
Order.
The Minister has taken three, nearly four, minutes.
I hope that he is coming to the end of his remarks.
This is my final sentence, Mr Speaker.
The Department is working closely with school stakeholders, including unions, to communicate this change and support schools and local authorities.
Thank you for granting this urgent question, Mr Speaker.
Since the House returned from the summer recess, Ministers have been forced to come here twice, first to explain how this Government left school buildings in such a parlous state that many are now at risk of collapse, and now to explain that the Conservatives are taking £370 million out of schools’ budget allocations for next year.
It is shambolic, it is chaotic, and our children deserve a lot better.
I am glad that Ministers have listened to Labour’s call for an independent investigation, but what is the timeline for this review?
How will the review be reported to the House, and how will Members have a chance to scrutinise its findings?
We need to know much more, too.
We need to know why, when the mistake was first identified in September, it was not until after the Conservative party conference in October that headteachers were finally notified.
What support will schools now receive to ensure that children’s education does not suffer as a result of Conservative incompetence?
Rather than blaming officials, will the Secretary of State—wherever she is today—finally take some responsibility?
We all know that mistakes happen, but this is not a one-off; this is part of a much bigger pattern of Conservative mismanagement right across the Department and right across Government for 13 long years, and it is our children who are paying the price.
It is Conservative mismanagement that brought us the RAAC—reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete—crisis in our schools, that kept children at home as Ministers failed to resolve industrial action for months on end, and that is now seeing record numbers of teachers leaving the profession, attainment gaps widening and standards falling.
It will fall to the next Labour Government to reset the relationship between Government, families and schools, to show once again that it is Labour that is the party of high and rising standards in our schools.
The hon.
Lady refers to RAAC.
We took the only decision that any responsible Government would take when the evidence changed on RAAC in school buildings that surveyors had previously assessed as not in a critical condition and we discovered it was not safe for pupils to stay in those schools.
There are 174 schools so far confirmed with RAAC, which we have published details of, and we are taking urgent action to make sure that no child or member of staff in our school buildings will be at risk from this reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete—which, by the way, has been around through successive Administrations, both Labour and Conservative, since the 1950s and 1960s.
The hon.
Lady refers to £370 million being taken out of the school budget.
No money has been taken out of the school budget.
It is £59.6 billion next year, and it will remain at £59.6 billion.
What would be irresponsible would be to increase funding for schools by 0.62% solely as a result of an error by officials.
That is not how Government spending systems work.