That follows a formula which takes into account the needs of local populations, demographic deprivation and so on, and ICSs are then able to direct resources as they are best  needed across those populations.
Part of their value, and part of the intention in setting them up along with the organisations within them, lies in that ability to understand the health needs of local populations and direct resources accordingly.
Integrated care systems bring partner organisations together to improve health, tackle inequalities, and enhance value for money.
Detailed data such as that produced by NHS Digital is critical to their work, but we learnt this week that A&E waiting times in Wales had been under-reported for the last 10 years.
Does the Minister agree that without accurate data, the Labour Government in Cardiff are scuppering the attempts of NHS Wales to deliver better health outcomes throughout Wales?
My hon.
Friend has made a good point about the importance of transparency and accurate data.
As she said, just this week we learnt that Labour-run NHS Wales had been under-reporting its A&E waiting times.
According to the Royal College of Emergency Medicine, about 45,000 patients are missing from the data.
While we are working hard to improve services in the NHS in England, the Labour-run NHS in Wales is merely fudging the figures.
I call the shadow Minister.
The whole purpose of integrated care systems is to join up social care and NHS services in a better way.
We know, for example, that fracture liaison services keep 100,000 people out of hospital, but only 50% of English NHS trusts have them, and despite the commitment given by the Under-Secretary of State for Health and Social Care—the hon.
Member for Lewes (Maria Caulfield—to providing more, nothing has happened, and Lord Evans has walked back from her commitment.
I realise that I am pushing at an open door in directing this question to a Minister whose leg is strapped up, but when will the Government finally deliver for the “back better bones” campaign to help older people to survive and thrive?
As the hon.
Member has mentioned, I have a broken ankle, and I am taking my responsibility as Minister with oversight of urgent and emergency care very seriously in making use of several of those services.
As for my oversight of integrated care systems, what I am seeing is that they are making a very good job of enabling the integration of services.
For instance, we are seeing real success in the growth of virtual wards—or “hospital at home”—which bring together acute and community services to look after people in their homes and help them to be discharged earlier.
The NHS has achieved its target of having 10,000 “hospital at home” places ready for this winter.
What steps he is taking to improve access to primary care services.
What steps he is taking to improve access to primary care services.
Our primary care recovery plan supports GP practices in addressing the 8 am rush for appointments, cutting bureaucracy for GPs and expanding community pharmacy services.
We have recruited over 31,000 additional primary care staff and have over 2,000 more doctors working in general practice, compared with before the pandemic.
People are finding it nigh-on impossible to see their GP when they need to.
Labour has pledged to guarantee face-to-face appointments when people want them by training more NHS GPs but, as my constituents point out to me, under the Tories, a two-tier healthcare system is emerging where some are forced to pay to be seen quicker while those that cannot afford it are left behind in agony.
Why have the Conservatives broken their promise, made in 2019, to deliver 6,000 more GPs, and when will this GP crisis finally be resolved?
There is a two-tier approach within the UK, between what is going on with the NHS in Wales and what is going on in England.