My hon.
Friend has put a huge amount of work into Long Crendon.
As he knows, we are already changing the national planning policy framework to enable more developer contributions to flow into such innovative projects.
We have more GP practices than  we did in 2010, but we continue to look at ways to  go further.
What steps he is taking to help prevent cardiovascular diseases.
We are making the most significant public health intervention in a generation by creating a smoke-free generation.
To put that in context, every five cigarettes a day increases the risk of stroke by 12%.
We are also rolling out free blood pressure checks to people over 40 in community pharmacies, which will help to detect much earlier thousands more people living with high blood pressure.
I thank the Secretary of State for that answer.
Many commercial infant and toddler foods are ultra-processed, which sets alarm bells ringing as ultra-processed food is strongly associated with cardiovascular diseases and 40% of 10 to 11-year-olds are overweight or obese.
I strongly believe that parents are being misled by companies that put health claims on ultra-processed infant food, when in fact the food is anything but healthy—it is high in fat, salt and sugar.
What steps are the Government taking to address the disingenuous and grossly misleading marketing and labelling of commercial infant and toddler food and drink?
As my hon.
Friend knows, there is no agreed definition for ultra-high processed food.
As a general principle, I do not think we should be taxing and banning things—smoking is an outlier.
We have to empower the patient and recognise the pressures from the cost of living.
We are also rolling out anti-obesity drugs to give patients access to the most innovative drugs as part of our wider response to the challenge  of obesity.
What is the Secretary of State’s view of the worrying trend of increased cardiac-related deaths in the UK and around the world since 2021, which correlates closely with the roll-out of the experimental mRNA vaccines?
It is always important to follow the science.
That is why, at the G20, Health Ministers agreed to look at the various research being done in multiple countries, particularly on long covid but also on the lessons from that period, to ensure that research from that period is shared internationally so we can learn best practice from other countries as well as within the NHS.
How many and what proportion of NHS radiotherapy linear accelerator (LINAC) machines will reach the end of their recommended lifespan in 2024.
The Government and NHS England are committed to ensuring cancer patients can receive high quality radiotherapy treatment.
Between 2016 and 2021, £162 million was invested which enabled the replacement or upgrade of around 100 radiotherapy machines.
Responsibility for investment in radiotherapy machines has sat with local systems since April 2022.
I look forward to meeting the hon.
Gentleman and the all-party group for radiotherapy on this matter soon.
I am very grateful to the Minister for his reply and in particular for the offer of the meeting coming soon.
Radiotherapy UK says that for us to even meet average international standards we must commission 125 additional new linear accelerators.
Will he make the commitment to do that and, in doing so, ensure that rural and remote communities do not lose out by placing some of those machines in new satellite centres, such as the Westmorland General Hospital?
The hon.
Gentleman is hugely passionate on this subject.
As I said, integrated care boards are responsible for meeting the health needs of their individual populations, and that includes capital allocation.
The 2021 spending review set aside £12 billion in capital funding, and since 2016 over £160 million has been invested in radiotherapy equipment, but of course I want to see more investment in this important technology and the necessary upgrades across England.
I very much look forward to our meeting, where we can discuss that further.