When we discovered new facts and new evidence, we took swift action.
There will always be almost no notice; when we have evidence, we cannot just sit on it until a more convenient time to announce it.
We had to announce it straightaway.
Every school with confirmed RAAC has a caseworker allocated to make sure that we are keeping children safe and keeping them in face-to-face education.
So far, we have identified 174 schools with RAAC and in the vast majority of those—all but 23 schools—all the children are still in face-to-face education.
In terms of special educational needs, we published a Green Paper and an implementation plan to improve the experience of parents and children with special educational needs in our school system.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for the update.
Clearly, when formulas such as this are being used, it is important that they are tested first to see the results, before those are issued to the schools and other people are involved.
Will he confirm that the position is that, even after this error has been corrected, all schools in this country will have enough money to fund the teachers’ pay award agreed by the Government?
My hon.
Friend is right.
I have to say that my experience of this particular team in the Department is that they are one of the best teams I have dealt with.
This was an error made by officials.
They have owned up to it and we have corrected it.
It does not affect school funding at all, and it relates to the next financial year, 2024-25.
It certainly does not affect this financial year, 2023-24, and the funding of the pay award.
Incidentally, it is the highest pay award for 30 years.
The 6.5% pay award for teachers is fully funded, with an extra teachers’ pay grant of £525 million this year and £900 million next year.
It is totally unaffected by this error.
Cambridgeshire schools are some of the lowest funded in England, and they will now receive £4.4 million less than they expected.
The Minister will know that local authority officials   and schools will now have to spend time recalculating their budgets.
What will he do to compensate them for the time they are spending on that?
The situation is unfortunate for local authorities, which will have been spending time calculating their school budgets on a local authority basis.
That is why we wanted to get the recalculation of the figures done as soon as possible and out to local authorities.
Cambridgeshire is funded in the way it is because we base funding on the level of deprivation in our communities.
We have targeted a greater proportion of the schools national funding formula towards deprived pupils than ever before.
In total, about £4.4 billion, or 10% of the formula, will be allocated according to deprivation factors in 2024-25.
If an area has fewer children from disadvantaged backgrounds than other areas, that will of course be reflected in its overall ranking for local authority funding.
Last week I visited Meadgate Primary School, which is one of the many good and outstanding schools in my constituency.
I am sure the Minister will recall precisely how many good and outstanding schools there are today, compared with 13 years ago.
Meadgate Primary School is part of an academy trust of seven schools, and across the schools this situation could account for a £70,000 difference between what they had calculated they might expect and what they will receive.
That is obviously concerning, but also concerning is the number of children now coming in who would have had an education, health and care plan done when they were at pre-school, but did not get one because of the pandemic and now face delays.
Given that high needs funding has doubled, will the Minister raise this backlog in assessments with the children’s Minister, my hon.