Meadgate Primary School is part of an academy trust of seven schools, and across the schools this situation could account for a £70,000 difference between what they had calculated they might expect and what they will receive.
That is obviously concerning, but also concerning is the number of children now coming in who would have had an education, health and care plan done when they were at pre-school, but did not get one because of the pandemic and now face delays.
Given that high needs funding has doubled, will the Minister raise this backlog in assessments with the children’s Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wantage (David Johnston) , to try to make sure that our primary schools are getting the support they need today for those children with SEND?
I pay tribute to my right hon.
Friend for the great work that she did as children’s Minister in the Department for Education.
She is right that the proportion of schools judged good or outstanding has increased.
In 2010, it was 68%, and today that figure is 88%.
We are not happy with that—our focus is on the remaining 12%.
Every local school in our country should be a good or outstanding school.
My right hon.
Friend makes an important point about education, health and care plans.
She is right that the funding of the high needs budget has increased considerably over the past few years, and I will raise the issue of the backlog in EHCPs with my hon.
Friend the children’s Minister.
I should say that we are building significant numbers of new free special schools, so that there are more places available for children with severe special educational needs.
We know that a child growing up in an area of deprivation is on average likely to do less well through our school system.
I take the point that the Minister made about extra funding for deprivation, but will he accept from me that we know that money makes a difference?
When will this Government get a grip on the problem of deprivation?
Deprivation and disadvantaged children have been the core driving force of all our reforms since 2010.
We are spending record amounts of money on school funding—£59.6 billion is the highest ever in cash terms, in real terms and in real terms per pupil.
Before the pandemic, we had closed the attainment gap between disadvantaged children and other children by 13% in primary schools and by 9% in secondary schools.
That has been undone by the pandemic, but we are determined to close that gap again.
All the reforms that led to that closure are still in place, and we are confident, particularly with the £5 billion of recovery funding and the tutoring programme, that we will close that gap once again.
I welcome my right hon.
Friend’s answers today, and I thank him for his leadership and his ownership of this issue, which is not his fault.
He has approached it in exactly the right manner, as my right hon.
Friend  the Member for New Forest East (Sir Julian Lewis)  said.
I welcome that we are continuing to deliver the core schools budget in full, not just for mainstream schools, but for high needs.
Will my right hon.
Friend the Minister set out what the percentage increase for those areas will be in 2024-25, compared with this year?
On the increases in funding last year and this year, funding is increasing by £3.9 billion in 2022-23 and by £1.8 billion in 2024-25.
When we combine that with the £4 billion increase we had between 2021-22 and 2022-23, that is a 20% increase in cash terms over that period.
I wrote to the Secretary of State at the beginning of August, asking for a meeting to discuss a series of special educational needs funding issues in Harrow.