Of 24,000 parents surveyed, it was found that 7% of women lost their job through redundancy, sacking or feeling forced to leave due to a flexible working request being denied.
The charity estimates that, if scaled up, this would mean that over 41,000 pregnant women or mothers could be sacked or made redundant every year.
Under-represented groups continue to face significant inequalities in the workplace, and I and many of my colleagues have stood here time and again calling for the enshrinement of flexible working as a day-one right, as well as mandatory gender and ethnicity pay gap reporting.
Given the powers, these are just some of the examples of workplace injustices that the Scottish Government would seek to remedy.
However, it is an inescapable truth that Westminster’s crackdowns on workers’ rights—not to mention the assault on unions—have seen the UK’s global rating on workers’ rights fall.
Indeed, the UK has dropped in the International Trade Union Confederation’s annual report on workers’ rights from a  rating of three, which is for countries where ITUC considers there to be “regular violation of rights” to four, which is for those where it says there are “systemic violations”.
Sadly, that puts the British Government on a par with the likes of Qatar and Oman.
The latter is an absolute monarchy, where criticism of the Government is illegal.
If that is the message the Government want to send out as Brexit Britain, it is certainly a bold move, but ITUC’s recent report is damning.
It says:
“In the United Kingdom, union busting, attempts to introduce legislation curtailing the right to strike and protest, and violations of collective bargaining agreements have become systematic and led to the country’s rating dropping from three to four.”
Perhaps it is no wonder that the devolution of employment law is backed by some of the biggest trade unions in these islands, including the Scottish Trades Union Congress and the TUC itself.
Only recently, the Trades Union Congress passed a motion calling for the repeal of current anti-union legislation and the devolution of employment law to Scotland.
Roz Foyer, the outstanding STUC general secretary, is on record as saying:
“It’s clear, especially to any incoming UK Labour Government, that the voices of workers across the country now support the Scottish Parliament having full autonomy over labour and employment rights.”
That poses a question for our colleagues on the Labour Benches: why not Scotland?
In his rush to out-Union Jack even the Secretary of State for Scotland,  the hon.
Member for Edinburgh South (Ian Murray)  has said no, nay, never—no further devolution.
Today’s vote is also a first test for  the new hon.
Member for Rutherglen and Hamilton West (Michael Shanks) .
It poses a question for him when the Division bells ring shortly: whose side is he on?
Is he on the side of the Scottish Trades Union Congress, or the side of his Westminster boss in Camden?
On blocking the devolution of employment law,  the right hon.
Member for Ashton-under-Lyne (Angela Rayner)  has come in for criticism from Michael Sharpe, a former general secretary of Scottish Labour, who has said that ruling out the devolution of employment law was a “huge blow” and
“a slap in the face to the trade unions who have campaigned for this for many years.”
Since taking over the reins as Labour leader, the Leader of the Opposition has moved ever more to the right, distancing himself from trade unions and, ironically, deciding to go on strike from attending picket lines himself.
We have even had the spectre of shadow Ministers being sacked simply for having the temerity to support workers on a picket line.
The blunt reality is that Scotland is already missing out on Europe’s enhancement of workers’ rights, thanks to a Brexit we did not vote for and do not support.