Provisional NHS data shows that opt-out testing has found around 700 cases of HIV during its first year.
In total, it has found more than 2,000 cases of blood-borne diseases, including hepatitis B and C.
I welcome the Minister’s news on those figures.
He will have seen the impact of opt-out testing—detecting more people, treating them earlier and saving the NHS money.
However, if we are to meet our 2030 target on no new infections, we cannot delay a further roll-out of opt-out testing.
Will he commit the resources needed to expand it in time for World AIDS Day on  1 December ?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for all his work on this important issue.
We will assess all the evidence and reply before the end of the year.
Opt-out testing is not the only thing we are doing to drive down HIV transmission.
We have had a 40% rise in the number of people getting pre-exposure prophylaxis, and we have increased the number of people testing, with 20,000 free testing kits handed out this year.
We are doing everything we can to meet that visionary goal to stop HIV transmission in this country.
I thank the Minister for his answer to the question from  the hon.
Member for Darlington (Peter Gibson) .
It is clear that today, HIV is not the death sentence that it once was, because of the progress of medication and healthcare in prolonging life and improving quality of life.
In Northern Ireland we are proactive, as the Minister will know, on PrEP and young people.
We are doing progressive things through the Department of Health, Social Services and Public Safety in the Northern Ireland Assembly.
Has the Minister had the opportunity to discuss with the Northern Ireland Assembly and the Health Department how we can work better together?
I always say we are better together in every case.
The hon.
Gentleman is completely correct.
He has been a fantastic champion on this issue.
The UK is leading the world on this issue, hitting the UN’s 95-95-95 goals, driving down transmission and reducing stigma.
People increasingly realise that as well as suppressing the virus, the treatment makes it impossible to transmit, transforming the lives of people with HIV.
What recent assessment he has made of the adequacy of the level of access to GPs in rural communities.
We have increased funding for general practice by about a fifth in real terms since 2018.
We have increased the workforce by about 30% since 2019 alone, with 2,000 extra doctors and 31,000 extra clinicians going into general practice.
With the hard work of GPs, that has enabled about 15% more appointments than before the pandemic.
In rural areas  we are going further with things such as the targeted in-house recruitment scheme and the elements of the funding formula that favour rural areas.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for that answer, but I have repeatedly raised with Ministers the specific case of an innovative model from Long Crendon Parish Council to use land secured through planning gain to replace Long Crendon Surgery, which closed during the pandemic.
There is an agreement for Unity Health to provide primary care services there, but no money to physically build.
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State has advised consistently that the money be sought from the integrated care board, but after prolonged talks it has said that there is no money.
Will the Minister look at this innovative model again?
It is a great way of building rural GP provision in the future, with a mind to his Department making it happen.
I will absolutely look closely at that specific case.
My hon.
Friend has put a huge amount of work into Long Crendon.
As he knows, we are already changing the national planning policy framework to enable more developer contributions to flow into such innovative projects.