Members will know from my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests that I am an NHS consultant and a member of the British Medical Association.
I congratulate the Minister on the work he is doing to reduce waiting lists, but BMA strikes have led to the loss of more than 1 million appointments,  have delayed the reporting of scans, including scans for cancer, and have disrupted people’s chronic long-term condition treatment.
What is he doing to ensure that there are no further strikes?
What talks is he having on minimum service levels to expand the provision if further strikes do take place?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question, which is better directed at the BMA.
However, she is right to suggest that we are taking action on minimum service level legislation.
We recognise that industrial action means that services are under increased pressure, with appointments and treatments being cancelled because of the strikes.
The NHS is taking action, prioritising urgent and cancer care, and will of course continue to do so.
It will do its best to maintain appointments and elective procedures, wherever possible, but she is right to say that these strikes and the actions of the BMA are having a devastating impact on patients.
My constituent Elaine Lynch was diagnosed with stage 4 lung cancer in September 2021.
The drug she needs, Enhertu, is available free on the NHS to treat breast cancer, but not lung cancer, so it is costing my constituent £10,000 a month to get the treatment, without which she will die.
The public petition on this matter has received more than 200,000 signatures, so it is very much in the public interest.
As the company Daiichi Sankyo does not offer the drug on compassionate grounds, will the Minister meet me to see how we can make this drug available for Elaine as soon as possible, because this is literally a matter of life or death?
I have huge sympathy and empathy with the case that my hon.
Friend raises.
The National Institute for Health and Care Excellence is rightly independent, and strict and robust processes are in place on drug repurposing and clinical trials.
Nevertheless, I would of course be happy to meet him to see what can be done.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
First, may I welcome Opposition Front-Bench Members to their new roles, as there have been changes since we last met?
Since then, we have launched a new £30 million fund to speed up the adoption of tech across the NHS.
Even when local pilots prove their effectiveness, it often takes too long for those innovations to be rolled out nationally.
This fund can change that, giving integrated care systems across England the chance to invest in tech that is proven to improve care, for instance in detecting cancer sooner.
These investments will be made this financial year, getting patients care faster.
We are also making more than 200 more medical school places available for universities from next September, accelerating a commitment that we made in the NHS long-term workforce plan and delivering more doctors to areas that need them most.
This Government are listening to patient voices too, particularly on the importance of biological sex in healthcare.
That is why, following a consultation later  this year, we will amend the NHS constitution to make sure that we respect the privacy, dignity and safety of all patients.
The Prime Minister has also unveiled plans to introduce a new law to prevent children who turn 14 this year from ever legally being sold cigarettes, creating the first smokefree generation.
Last week, my Department launched an expedited consultation to crack down on youth vaping.
I thank the Secretary of State for his statement, particularly what he said about tech.