It is £59.6 billion next year, and it will remain at £59.6 billion.
What would be irresponsible would be to increase funding for schools by 0.62% solely as a result of an error by officials.
That is not how Government spending systems work.
It has to go through the proper value for money procedures, and that is how we always conduct our allocation of taxpayers’ money.
The hon.
Lady talks about standards in schools.
We are rising in the international tables.
We are fourth in the world for the reading ability of nine-year-olds, according to the recent progress in international reading literacy study, or PIRLS, of pupils of that age.
We are rising in TIMSS, the trends in mathematics and science study, and we are rising in PISA, the programme for international student assessment.
That is in direct contrast with what happened under the last Labour Government, when we were falling in those PISA tables.
We come to the Chair of the Select Committee.
I am grateful for the apology and the letter that the Select Committee received on this issue, which we have published today.
Clearly, it is deeply unfortunate that this error took place.
It is a result of a complex and very difficult to understand funding system that provides schools with a lack of transparency as to how their funding works in the long run.
We were elected on a manifesto to deliver a fair national funding formula.
There were plans in place to legislate for the direct funding of schools.
While I welcome my right hon.
Friend’s confirmation that this does not in any way affect the high needs block or take money out of the overall school budget, can he update the House on plans to deliver that direct funding formula, which, along with multi-year funding settlements, the Select Committee and the sector have been calling for over many years?
Yes, it is unfortunate, for which officials and Ministers have apologised.
It is frustrating, particularly for local authorities that have to conduct their calculations—it was an error based on the coding of the pupil numbers.
My hon.
Friend mentioned moving to the direct funding formula.
That is the intention of the Government, and the latest edition of the national funding formula and high needs technical briefing does say that we want ultimately to get to direct funding.
Many local authorities are moving their local funding formula ever closer to the approach taken in the national funding formula.
I saw a tweet to the Minister earlier this morning saying that one man’s error is another man’s total cock-up—I do not know whether that is technical language, Mr Speaker.
The fact of the matter is that he is the longest-serving Minister in any Department in any Government for many years, and on his watch we have seen the demoralisation of the education sector in our country, with good people leaving.
It is the Gibb factor.
Why does he not resign and talk to people?
If I may say so, Mr Speaker, that was an extraordinary outburst.
Today, we have the highest number of teachers in the profession—some 468,000—which is, by the way, 27,000 more than when we came to office in 2010.
In Labour-run Wales, we are not seeing that rise in the number of teachers.
Naturally, this error is very disappointing, but I welcome that the Department has rectified it speedily.
What steps is my right hon.
Friend taking to work with school stakeholders to communicate the change and to support schools and local authorities?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right: it was unfortunate.
As a Minister, when officials gather outside my office to tell me great news about an error that has been made, my instinct is always to find out what the error is and rectify it as quickly as possible.