I very much welcome my right hon.
Friend signalling that we are ahead of the manifesto commitment not just in nurses being recruited, but in key additional roles in primary care, where the target was 26,000 and actually 31,000 have now been recruited.
He is right about the importance of clinical research.
The O’Shaughnessy review speeds that up and reduces the cost.
It better leverages the taxpayer pound in investment from the private sector, and standardises contracts across NHS trusts to bring the time down.
We are also looking at innovation in areas such as the NHS app to better empower patients to take part in clinical research trials.
That ensures they are at the front of the queue in getting the latest medicine, which is exactly where we want the NHS to be.
The Secretary of State did not mention the increase planned in the number of physician associates.
The Norfolk and Waveney integrated care system has posted:
“Got abdominal pain that isn’t going away?
A Physician Associate based in your GP practice can help…They are highly skilled at diagnosing conditions”.
After the tragic case of Emily Chesterton, who was misdiagnosed after seeing a physician associate twice at a GP practice and no GP at any point, when will the lesson be learned that the NHS workforce cannot be safely expanded by this route of associates with only two years’ medical training?
All clinical roles need to have the right regulation around them, and we need to ensure that patient safety is to the fore.
The hon.
Lady gives a very good illustration of how the Labour party talks about reform, but not when it comes to the reform of new roles, having new roles in the NHS and having a ladder of opportunity for people to come into the NHS.
Physician associates are people with masters’ degrees: these people are highly skilled.
Of course, we need to get the regulation right.
However, the Labour party talks about reform, but when it comes to standing up to the trade unions, it is not willing to do so, which is why, when there is an innovation such as physician associates, it wants to block it.
What steps he is taking to help prevent suicide.
What steps he is taking to help prevent suicide.
Last month, we published a cross-Government five-year suicide prevention strategy.
It sets out our pledge to reduce England’s suicide rates within two and a half years, with over 100 measures aimed at saving lives and providing early intervention for those at highest risk of suicide, including new mums and middle-aged men.
Like many others, I dropped into the campaign event for “One Million Lives”, developed by Jacobs and supported by R;pple, and I was impressed by its efforts to interfere with the online risk of suicide-centric websites.
The Minister may be aware that my wife is a long-term volunteer with Darlington and district  Samaritans, which has raised with me the “Saving Lives Can’t Wait” campaign.
It asks the Government to review local funding for suicide-safer communities, which is due to end.
Could I ask the Minister to support the “One Million Lives” campaign, and to push for the renewal of local funding to support suicide-safer communities?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his hard work in this area and for his mental health campaigning overall, and also his wife and all who selflessly give their time to volunteer with the invaluable mental health charities.
We fully recognise that, and that is why when we launched the suicide prevention strategy we also launched our £10 million suicide prevention grant fund.
On my hon.