On the increases in funding last year and this year, funding is increasing by £3.9 billion in 2022-23 and by £1.8 billion in 2024-25.
When we combine that with the £4 billion increase we had between 2021-22 and 2022-23, that is a 20% increase in cash terms over that period.
I wrote to the Secretary of State at the beginning of August, asking for a meeting to discuss a series of special educational needs funding issues in Harrow.
The Minister will be aware that special educational needs are one of the many pressures on school budgets across the country.
They certainly are a significant issue in Harrow.
Can he explain specifically how much schools in Harrow will now not receive, compared with what they had expected to receive?
Will he encourage the Secretary of State to respond to my letter, and to do so with generosity?
I say first to the hon.
Member that no funding is being reduced in Harrow.
All areas will be receiving significant increases in school funding.
The error is about the allocation figures—the notional figures—for 2024-25, and those have been corrected.
On special educational needs, we have increased special educational needs funding significantly over the past several years, because of the pressures that local authorities are facing with increased numbers of EHCPs.
We are taking a number of measures to help address that, and I will of course ensure that the hon.
Member has his meeting in the Department as soon as possible.
This is yet another error and case of incompetence under this Government.
The average primary school is expected to be more than £12,000 worse off next academic year and the average secondary school £57,000 worse off than  under the July publication.
How will the Government help headteachers in Slough and across the country deal with the extra stress and pressure on account of this error, especially when they have to make difficult decisions on staffing and additional support for those pupils who need it?
The actual allocations to schools happen in December each year in the normal way, so this situation will not affect the figures that local authorities have informed schools they will be receiving.
Those are based on the October census of pupil numbers and the application of the local formula.
We then fund the local authorities on the basis of the national funding.
The record funding of £59.6 billion equates to an average of £5,300 per primary school pupil and £6,830 per secondary school pupil.[Official Report,  23 October 2023 , Vol.
738, c. 3MC.]
The Minister’s argument in a nutshell is, “You didn’t have the money, so you’ve not lost it.”
But the point is that local authorities received the notional funding allocation and were beginning to plan based on that figure given by the Government.
In places such as Stockport, Tameside and Manchester, the figures that are going to be withdrawn from those areas are not insubstantial.
I politely say to the Minister that his argument is incoherent—I will grade him D-minus.
And his maths is appalling—I will grade him U. Can I suggest he goes into detention and fixes this matter, because schools in Tameside, Stockport and Manchester desperately need that cash?
The funding allocated for local authorities is ringfenced.
This is an allocation and calculation issue—it is not that they have received the money—and we corrected it as soon as the error was made.
Any Labour Members in the same position would have reacted in precisely the same way that I have.
This blunder is going to cost schools in York dear.
We are already in the bottom 20 in the country for school funding and in the bottom third for high needs.
I had a meeting with parents on Friday night, and 150 of them were in tears and on their knees about the SEN funding.
The formulas are just not working in areas where there is low funding.