That is fantastic.
I look forward to going along and having a go on the electric diggers.
The loss of Wilko is devastating, in particular for the thousands of workers who will lose their livelihoods.
Will the Secretary of State confirm that she will seek answers from Wilko management about why clear warnings were ignored and the business was driven into the ground, at the same time that shareholders collected  hundreds of millions in dividends?
Will she meet me and the GMB trade union to assure us that those basic failures will not be repeated?
The hon.
Member raises an important point.
There is certainly, as part of the administration process, an obligation on the administrators to look at the circumstances that led to the demise of that company and report to the Insolvency Service.
I am sure that she, like I, will be very interested in the outcome of that investigation.
As chair of the all-party parliamentary group for events, can I highlight the huge benefits the sector brings us in promoting trade, exports and inward investment?
Will the Department do more to promote the UK worldwide as a great place to bring international events, business meetings and conferences?
My right hon.
Friend raises a good point.
The events industry is often overlooked, yet it is a great export opportunity.
Those are some of the things I am going to raise with the Board of Trade, which is meeting next week.
It is about promoting the best of British internationally.
Events is one of the areas we can take a closer look at.
Airdrie and Shotts is home to some fantastic local businesses.
Recently, I had the pleasure of visiting Christie’s bakery and sampling some of its delicious domino cake.
I also met Angela from Gin Blossoms, a florist on Alexander Street.
Small businesses across Scotland play a vital role in the local economy, yet many are feeling the brunt of the rise in prices of raw materials caused by increasing import-export costs.
To be frank, this is another direct impact of Brexit that Scotland did not vote for.
Can the Minister outline how the UK Government will compensate businesses for the damaging losses that Brexit continues to cause?
The hon.
Member raises an important point about the cost of living impact on businesses.
These are global issues, not domestic issues, and she should be clear on that with her businesses.
As I said in response to the question from her hon.
Friend,  the hon.
Member for Edinburgh North and Leith (Deidre Brock) , the Scottish Government might look at increasing the generosity of the business rates relief scheme, as the rest of the UK has.
In the period leading up to 2021, sector deals were a very effective means of boosting productivity, innovation and skills in such sectors as aerospace, AI and offshore wind.
What plans are there to review, revitalise and extend those effective public-private sector partnerships?
My hon.
Friend raises a good point.
Those sectors are critical for the UK economy.
While we did have plans around sector deals, I would focus on the Chancellor’s five sectors that he thinks will drive growth in the UK.
I am happy to write to my hon.
Friend specifically about what impact those sectors will have in his constituency.
We know that phoenixing, unpaid-for services rendered, puts a burden on legitimate SMEs, but it also puts a burden on the taxpayer through unpaid taxes.
That is acutely felt by all hard-pressed local authorities which have significant unrecoverable debt owed.
Given that the Minister did not accept my amendment to the Economic Crime and Transparency Bill, can he explain what the Government are actually doing to prevent this practice?
I am happy to engage with the hon.
Member.
I missed the earliest part of his question, but we are providing an awful lot of support for small businesses in various ways.