Friend  the Member for Chipping Barnet (Theresa Villiers) —is reducing regulatory burdens for business and reducing costs for consumers.
We have announced reforms to employment law, wine regulation and product safety regulations, and further reforms will be announced soon.
I thank the Minister for his answer, but can we have more urgency across Departments on regulatory reform?
Using our Brexit freedoms to modernise our regulation is a key way to grow the economy and raise living standards, so can we see more progress on reforming regulation in areas such as personal data, clinical trials, agri-tech and satellites?
My right hon.
Friend the Member for Chipping Barnet is absolutely right to push us on this issue.
We are working across Government to implement reforms.
So far, we have delivered 10 of the 69 recommendations identified in the TIGRR report, in areas such as offshore wind and reforms to the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency.
Delivery of a further 49 is ongoing, in high-profile areas such as artificial intelligence reform, easing clinical trials, pensions, the ability to invest in venture capital, the General Data Protection Regulation and the seed enterprise investment scheme, all of which is saving businesses billions of pounds.
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State will shortly write to my right hon.
Friend the Member for Chipping Barnet to confirm all those points.
What steps her Department is taking to support business exports.
What steps her Department is taking to support business exports.
What steps her Department is taking to support business exports.
Businesses are at the heart of the Government’s export strategy, “Made in the UK, Sold to the World”, and of our shared ambition to reach £1 trillion in annual exports by 2030.
In the past year, the UK has become the fifth largest exporter of goods and services in the world.
Just last week, I personally led a delegation of 20 businesses to the Three Seas summit in Romania, connecting with over 1,500 representatives to help secure contracts, work and export opportunities in the region’s 13 member states.
In my constituency, companies such as EyeOL, Lindal Valve, Peli BioThermal, Friction and Signature Flatbreads all export globally, along with 198 smaller businesses that export through Amazon, yet apparently only 10% of companies export.
What more can we do to get businesses to export, not just to Europe but globally?
Apparently, businesses that export pay higher wages, so this is part of levelling up, too.
My hon.
Friend is a great champion for his businesses and helping them to export.
He is absolutely right that free trade agreements and memorandums of understanding are opening up new markets for us, but of course we want to make sure that everyone makes the most of those opportunities.
That is why we are ensuring that UK exporters have the skills they need through our innovative export academy; the information they need to capitalise on new deals through the FTA utilisation strategy; the advice they need through the export support service; and the financial backing they need through UK Export Finance.
My hon.
Friend also made the very powerful point that companies that export pay higher wages.
Anglesey’s freeport is a fantastic opportunity to boost the economic prosperity of my constituency of Ynys Môn.
Working with the Institute of Export and International Trade, Bangor University and Grŵp Llandrillo Menai, our Anglesey freeport is set to create the first Welsh trade centre of excellence.
Does the Minister agree that that trade centre is central to local people having the skills to take advantage of the high-skill, high-wage employment opportunities that the freeport will deliver, and that it will be the start of Anglesey’s economic renaissance?
I think we can all agree that my hon.
Friend has campaigned powerfully to secure that freeport and the opportunities it will create for many of her constituents.
Good news is already coming in, with Westinghouse saying that it will headquarter there, creating jobs and opportunities.