I think we can all agree that my hon.
Friend has campaigned powerfully to secure that freeport and the opportunities it will create for many of her constituents.
Good news is already coming in, with Westinghouse saying that it will headquarter there, creating jobs and opportunities.
Of course, we are looking forward to getting more details and ensuring that the trade centre for excellence is located there too, which will provide another win for my hon.
Friend.
I ran export programmes in my business career before coming to this place, and I always talk to the companies I meet about whether they are exporting and what more can be done.
rose—
Steady—I haven’t asked my question yet!
The message from that experience is that perceived barriers can deter activity—perhaps perceived risk or complexity.
What more can be done to link potential exporters with mentors who can share their experience, overcome those perceptions and get more companies exporting?
My hon.
Friend has a huge amount of experience in this area, and I am very grateful for all the advice he provides.
He makes a very good point.
That is why our campaign, “Made in the UK, Sold to the World”, uses localised marketing for small businesses across the country to help them make the best of their abilities.
To my hon.
Friend’s point, we have a growing cohort of over 360 successful champions across the UK —entrepreneurs and business leaders who can share their experience and inspire new firms to become exporters.
New analysis from the House of Commons Library that I am publishing today shows that since 2010 our trade with dictatorships has grown by over £135 billion and that it is growing twice as fast as our trade with the free world.
Trade dependence on dictatorships is a risk, so when will the Minister set out a plan to define and de-risk our critical supply chains and begin growing our trade with nations that are free?
I am responsible for supply chains and critical minerals too; several months ago, I refreshed our critical minerals strategy.
We are looking at how we ensure that we are building resilience and ensuring that our supply chains are stable.
I am also working with a number of industry representatives to put in place an import supply chain strategy as well.
We know that there are kinks in supply chains and that there are issues of economic coercion around the world.
We want to ensure that we have stable supply chains to protect our advanced manufacturing sector. [
Interruption.]
From a sedentary position, my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State points out that I am also the sanctions Minister.
We are ensuring that that work is now co-ordinated, not only across Whitehall but internationally.
Those of us on the Business and Trade Committee are very much aware of the sterling work done by officials in furtherance of the trade deal with India.
However, in the revelation at the G20 summit of the Partnership for Global Infrastructure Investment—the counter to China’s belt and road project through a US-backed trade corridor to speed up links between Europe, the middle east and India—there was no mention of the UK.
Did our Government decline to be involved or were we not invited?
I was in front of the Select Committee; that session would have been afterwards.
I have just been informed that the Prime Minister is very much focused on securing a trade deal and on the other details that the hon.
Gentleman raised.
Because it is a Select Committee issue, I will make sure that he gets all the details in writing.
During the recess, I visited Heathcoat Fabrics, an innovative export business in Tiverton; its achievements include selling to NASA a device that helped land the Mars rover on the surface of Mars.
Earlier this year, HMRC rejected Heathcoat’s research and development claim without so much as a meeting.