The hon.
Member raises a very important point.
Competition plays a role in this, of course.
It is absolutely right that retail business should look at this and try to get the lowest cost for their customers in terms of courier charges.
It is, as he acknowledges, a commercial decision for individual retailers, but I absolutely applaud the points he raises.
These businesses should be aware of those costs, because they can add significantly to the costs of the products they are selling.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
The Windows update is now complete at the Dispatch Box, Mr Speaker!
As Secretary of State for Business and Trade, my priority is to support inward investment into all regions and nations of the UK.
This week the Department for Business and Trade, in partnership with the Northern Ireland Office and Invest Northern Ireland, delivered the investment summit, which I referred to earlier.
This momentous event showcased to more than 200 international investors the wealth of opportunities and talent that exist across the breadth of Northern Ireland.
A young and talented workforce, competitive operating costs and unparalleled access to global economies make it an exceptional place to grow a successful business.
I met representatives from US-owned aerospace manufacturer Spirit and several financial services companies that have established a base there.
From Derry/Londonderry-based tech firms to Belfast budding creative companies, we boast a thriving ecosystem of world-class businesses across numerous sectors.
This weekend, like most weekends, I will visit Wilko in Newcastle city centre.
Should I explain to the fantastic staff there and their appreciative customers that mass redundancies and empty shopfronts is what the Conservatives mean by levelling up?
We are all very sad that a well-known business such as Wilko, with a strong presence on many high streets across our constituencies, has had to enter administration, and my thoughts are with employees  who have been made redundant.
Our Department has been not just supporting the business but discussing the best way forward with unions.
We have been supporting by helping to find bidders.
The fact is that sometimes these things do happen.
It is not a reflection of the Government.
In fact, making sure that people have somewhere to go to is how this Government are providing support.
Do Ministers agree that delegates to the Parliamentary Partnership Assembly, which was set up under the trade and co-operation agreement with the EU, should be there to promote Britain’s interests overseas, and that those who do not want to do so and who simply want to be apologists for Brexit and to act against the UK’s interests should leave the PPA?
My right hon.
Friend raises an important point.
The Parliamentary Partnership Assembly created under the trade and co-operation agreement is a parliamentary body independent of Government.
The Government value its work and its role supporting a mature and constructive relationship with the EU, rooted in shared values and delivering on shared interests.
She is right that we should look forward, not backwards.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
The loss of Wilko is a significant blow to the nation’s high streets.
However, more concerning is that no rescue has proved possible because several bidders have said that town centre retail is no longer a viable business model.
In the light of that, do the Government really believe that their current policy environment is sufficient for British high streets to thrive?
We are very concerned for the families affected by Wilko’s demise.
The world of retail is a very competitive marketplace.
I do not accept the hon.
Gentleman’s premise that the high street is dead—not at all.
It is reshaping itself, and while it does so we will help it, such as with the £13.6 billion of rates relief over the next five years.
Ministers’ answers do not match the scale of the problem; 12,500 Wilko workers alone are at risk of redundancy.