Our embassy staff are working closely with people on the ground, keeping in touch with what is going on, and our consular support team is keeping in touch with dual nationals in Libya, providing the support they need.
They will continue to do that.
Our condolences go not only to the people of Libya but to the wider diaspora as well.
We will continue to do everything we can, as hon.
Members on all sides of the House have urged—that message has been well received today.
I fully support the fact that the UK Government have provided international assistance to the people of Libya, but what are we doing specifically to ensure humanitarian assistance is urgently getting to people on the ground today?
As I say, we have made our initial offer of support.
We continue to have an active dialogue with the Libyan authorities and the UN.
As I said to the Opposition spokesperson,  the hon.
Member for West Ham (Ms Brown) , the key thing today is that we are waiting for the UN needs assessment, so we can then give our best assessment of what sort of support we need to help to provide.
The tragic scenes we are witnessing in Libya are utterly horrifying; my thoughts and prayers are with all those affected.
During the earthquakes in Syria and Turkey, my noble Friend Lord Purvis asked
“why the Government’s humanitarian crisis reserve, which recently stood at £500 million, has now been depleted to only £30 million, which means that the UK’s response to any other emergencies or disasters will be greatly reduced.
”—[Official Report, House of Lords,  6 March 2023 ; Vol.
828, c. 642.]
Has that significant reduction in a crisis reserve for humanitarian assistance affected our ability to help those in Libya?
I think hon.
Members will agree that we responded fast to the situation in Morocco.
It is very sad that this tragedy follows so quickly afterwards, and we want to respond to it quickly too.
Part of the challenge has been understanding the situation on the ground.
We know the macro picture, but the exact detail that the Government and hon.
Members want to see is difficult to ascertain because of problems with communication links and transportation, but we will get a better assessment this afternoon.
What has happened in Libya is an absolute catastrophe and it is awful for all those people who have been killed or affected.
As well as lives lost, infrastructure has been damaged as well as heritage and culture.
That part of Libya is home to a wealth of heritage and history, including the UNESCO site of Cyrene.
Satellite images show that roads to Cyrene have been badly damaged and washed away.
What assessment have the Government made and what conversations have they had with UNESCO about those world heritage sites, and what are the Government doing to protect and restore the world heritage sites that have been damaged?
I know that my hon.
Friend has a real interest in the history and heritage of north Africa.
Clearly, any damage to a UNESCO world heritage site would be a cause of great concern.
Right now, as Members on both sides of the House have said, our focus has to be on what we can do to help preserve life and also to protect British nationals.
None the less, we will work with partners through UNESCO on the matters that he has raised.
This is a devastating tragedy, and it has unquestionably been exacerbated by Libya’s poor warning and evacuation systems, and by its substandard planning and design standards.
I welcome the financial support that the Minister has outlined, but can he assure me that we will also look to provide whatever technical expertise is necessary to bring about improvements in these areas for the rebuilding of Libya both now and into the future?
The hon.