Many areas have reportedly received no help, and there is no hope of rescue for anyone left alive trapped under mud and rubble.
There is obviously a terrible threat from disease, with authorities lacking enough body bags to cope with the scale of death.
In the Minister’s estimation, how many people are now lacking shelter, clean water and medical care?
I know the Government are supporting the United Nations central emergency response fund, but is the Minister confident that that will support co-ordinated efforts and reach those who are truly in dire need?
Surely the scale of this disaster is linked to Libya’s many years of conflict and chaos, political paralysis, diplomatic failure and neglect.
We know that climate heating is making extreme weather, such as Storm Daniel, more intense.
We must help to prevent these horrors where we can, build resilience to a changing climate and support Libya on the path to stability and peace.
That will take strategic action on diplomacy, security and development, and we must make sure the humanitarian response, which is desperately needed right now, is delivered.
As usual, the hon.
Lady has made important points, with her characteristic compassion and passion.
I reiterate that we share those sentiments and we are working hard to address the situation.
Let me update the House by saying that the UN is currently finalising its needs assessment and we hope to see that this afternoon.
The Foreign Secretary has already set out that we are ready to provide support, and we have put some initial support on the table.
I reiterate to the hon.
Lady and the House that we will continue to keep in close contact with the UN and we are reiterating our support to it.
We will continue to monitor the situation on the ground and we stand ready to offer further assistance.
The point she makes is crucial: this support needs to reach the people affected.
Too often, in various countries, there have been blockages in getting support to the frontline.
I understand that the two groups in Libya are working together or at least talking, which is encouraging.
That is going to be crucial in making sure that there is a flow of funds and, more importantly, that support is provided on the ground.
She also talks about future support.
Clearly, we need to focus on the humanitarian issues right now, but, given the challenges of climate change, there will be urgent needs associated with infrastructure to address.
However, that is for another day and I am sure we will continue that conversation.
This is an awful situation, and both Front Benchers have got it absolutely right.
One issue is that Libya is a country that has such an appalling history.
When we give money, as a nation and as Government, we will have to be careful that the corrupting influences in that country do not siphon it off, as it is meant for the people who have suffered so badly.
Will the Minister please assure the House that every effort will be made by his Department and the Government to ensure that that money goes to the people who need it now and that we help to alleviate their suffering?
My hon.
Friend make important points, which I hope are listened to by those involved in the situation in Libya.
The support absolutely needs to get to the frontline.
If nothing else, we hope that this moment of severe crisis in that country will bring sometimes warring factions and groups who have different opinions together in common cause—that is vital.
There comes a point where human interest and humanitarian concern is the most important factor, as is the case  right now.
I call the Scottish National party spokes person.
Of course, we join both Front Benchers in sending our deepest condolences to the families of those who have lost loved ones in these devastating floods.