Lady’s benefit, I will repeat the specific answers I have already given.
We know that the vast majority of people were able to vote successfully, so I have nothing to do other than remind her that the Liberal Democrats, of which she is a member, supported the introduction of photographic identification in Northern Ireland.
It is quite astonishing to me that the Liberal Democrats continue to oppose introducing sensible measures in England that they supported and voted for in Northern Ireland, which is part of our United Kingdom.
On the day of the local elections, I remember knocking on the door of a constituent who told me that she usually votes, but was not going to because she realised that she did not have the necessary voter ID.
That broke my heart: her democratic rights, which she has exercised time and time again, were taken away, and of course she will not appear in that figure of 14,000 people who were turned away.
The Electoral Commission says that ethnic minorities and unemployed voters were more likely to be turned away at the polling station.
When we show our constituents around this House, we talk about the struggle for the universal franchise.
Let us remember that the establishment that the Conservative party represents did not want women or the working class to have the vote.
Will the Minister reflect on our journey towards increasing participation in democracy, and on how this rotten arrangement is robbing people of their hard-won democratic rights?
I will respond to that by asking the hon.
Gentleman to reflect on his comments.
Is he seriously suggesting that the introduction of photographic identification is not suitable?
Does he seriously think that it should be harder to take out a library book than to vote in his constituency today?
If he is seriously suggesting that, that—more than anything else—gives us evidence that the Labour party is in no way ready for government.
It is not a serious party: it does not take seriously the threat to our democracy from international actors, and would do nothing to tackle the very real issues experienced by ethnic minorities in Tower Hamlets and Birmingham, who are being systematically disenfranchised by the corrupt practices of certain people in their local areas.
I might be a lone voice on the Opposition side of the Chamber, but I reinforce what the Minister has said.
The electoral voter ID system for Northern Ireland has been a tremendous success, as is proved at every election.
It shows that the system can work.
A short time ago, along with my chief of staff, I visited the Electoral Office for Northern Ireland to be constructive and suggest how we could perhaps do  some things better.
The Electoral Commission is agreeing to set up hubs across Northern Ireland constituencies, giving people the opportunity to get their voter IDs in person.
That has not always been possible in areas of my constituency, so I welcome that commitment, which will be announced, I understand, in early October.
Will the Minister consider something similar for the United Kingdom so that everyone can have the advantage of getting their voter ID in person in their own constituency?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for sharing his really practical and useful wisdom from the policy that has been rolled out in Northern Ireland—a valued part of our United Kingdom—where it has been working very well for many years.
I note that a much smaller list of documents is used in Northern Ireland and that that has worked effectively.
In the Electoral Commission’s recent 2021 public opinion tracker survey, not a single respondent from Northern Ireland reported that they did not have ID and had found themselves unable to vote.
Of course, we must always look at the sensible and practical recommendations from the Electoral Commission.
We will continue to do that.