I thank the Secretary of State for her response.
The CPTPP contains investor-state dispute settlement provisions which allow corporations, as she knows, to sue national Governments through a largely secretive parallel legal system if they consider that Government policies threaten their future profits.
Of the new agreement member states, Canadian countries have used the ISDS particularly aggressively, bringing 65 cases, the majority of which have been brought by mining and fossil fuel firms against the energy and environmental policies of various Governments.
Will the Government consider negotiating a side letter with Canada, as they already have with New Zealand and Australia, to disapply the ISDS provisions in order to ensure the UK Government’s right to regulate is not constrained by powerful investors and corporations?
We have passed the stage where we will be making any changes; we are now trying to ratify the protocol.
But the right hon.
Gentleman should be reassured: the Government have always been clear that when we negotiate investment protection we do so in a way that does not hinder our right to regulate in the public interest.
The UK already has investment agreements containing ISDS provisions with seven of the 11 CPTPP countries and we have never received a successful claim from any investors of CPTPP countries, or in fact investors of any other country with which we have ISDS commitments.
I congratulate my right hon.
Friend on the progress made with CPTPP.
Can she outline what plans the Department has to make UK companies aware of the opportunities that the agreement opens up for them?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point, because most of the time, people ask me what CPTPP stands for, let alone what it is and how they can use it—[Interruption.]
Well, not my hon.
Friend  the Member for Lichfield (Michael Fabricant) .
We would like to make sure that people are aware of it, so they can utilise this free trade agreement as soon as it is on our statute book and ratified across the 11 countries.
That is something that our export commission and support service in the Department for Business and Trade will be carrying out, and we will also be supporting MPs in their constituencies during International Trade Week to highlight opportunities that come from all our free trade agreements.
What steps her Department is taking to support business exports to the US.
[Interruption.]
Pardon me for one second; there is a technical failure.
The US is our largest trading partner, with trade reaching more than £290 billion.
We have already succeeded in agreeing a solution to the section 232 tariffs on UK steel and aluminium and removed the long-standing US ban on UK lamb.
In fact, just yesterday, I was speaking to President Biden’s special envoy Joe Kennedy about how we can increase trade and investment in Northern Ireland.
We also have an SME dialogue next month between our two countries, supporting UK and US businesses to find export opportunities in each other’s markets.
That is really good news, actually.
In other good news, I learned this morning that Britain has overtaken France as a manufacturing country.
In order to take full advantage of that, how can we use the nine trade representatives in the United States at our embassy and our consulates even more to encourage bilateral trade?
My hon.
Friend is right.
We have trade ambassadors and trade envoys working to ensure that we are fully utilising the opportunities that exist across our relationship with the US.
In fact, our envoy to the US has been helping and supporting with a memorandum of understanding with Florida, which we are hoping to conclude shortly.
If there are specific things he thinks we can do to assist, I would be happy to meet him and organise even more engagement that will help facilitate UK-US trade.
What steps she is taking to increase trade with European countries.
Europe remains a vital destination for British exports.