The Electoral Commission itself recommended photographic ID, and it has now come forward with other comments.
We must recognise that the biggest deficit is the inadequacies in the completeness of the electoral roll, and the fact that one third of people do not vote in general elections and up to two thirds do not vote in local elections.
We ought to spend as much time on that issue as we do on this.
We ought to consider the suggestion of attestation, where someone in a household who does not have voter ID can have their identity attested by a person in the same household who does.
Perhaps neighbours ought to be able to do that, and other people with some kind of standing in society might be able to do the same thing for people who find they cannot vote on the day.
It seems to me that we can improve what we have without throwing out the whole system of photographic ID, which, as the Minister has said, was supported by all parties when it was first brought in for Northern Ireland.
I thank my hon.
Friend the Father of the House for those very sensible and proportionate comments.
He is right that, as political parties, we all have a responsibility to ensure that our constituents and those voters take part in our democratic process.
That is what this process is about.
I am afraid that the kind of scaremongering comments that we have just heard from the Liberal Democrats, and that no doubt we will hear from all the other Opposition parties, are damaging the important cause that we all stand behind: ensuring the safety of our precious democracy, which now more than at any other time could potentially be at risk.
I am proud to be part of a Government who are taking sensible steps to protect our democracy from the kind of interference that we all fear could happen in this day and age.
I welcome the shadow Minister.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
I echo the concerns raised by  the hon.
Member for North East Fife (Wendy Chamberlain)  in her urgent question and by the Father of the House in his sensible remarks.
The Minister should be promoting confidence in our electoral system and concentrating on getting the millions of people who are not registered to vote on to the register.
Instead, she has tried to pull the wool over our eyes this morning by presenting the Electoral Commission’s report as a ringing endorsement of her Government’s dangerous policies.
The reality is far from that.
This extremely concerning report brings into sharp focus the consequences of the Tories’ failed photo ID regulations.
By introducing such strict regulations, against the advice of experts and equality groups, the Conservatives have snatched away the ability of legitimate voters to have their say on services and society.
One former Minister,  the right hon.
Member for North East Somerset (Sir Jacob Rees-Mogg) , admitted that this partisan scheme was designed to rig the rules and lock voters out of democracy.
The Minister claims that she is concerned with protecting our democracy, so will she agree to the entirely reasonable Electoral Commission reforms and the widening of the list of ID that people can use to vote, or will she commit to introducing a vouching rule for those without voter ID?
Given that the Electoral Commission said that the rules risk widespread disenfranchisement at the general election, will the Minister commit now to publishing the evidence to prove the commission wrong?
That should not be a problem if she has nothing to hide.
Is the Minister concerned by the watchdog’s findings that the laws could have a disproportionate impact on people from minority ethnic backgrounds?
When the independent review concludes, will she commit to making a statement to the House?
May I take this opportunity to warmly welcome the hon.
Lady to her place and to thank her for her comments?