There comes a point where human interest and humanitarian concern is the most important factor, as is the case  right now.
I call the Scottish National party spokes person.
Of course, we join both Front Benchers in sending our deepest condolences to the families of those who have lost loved ones in these devastating floods.
The scale of the destruction is utterly unimaginable, and Libya needs international solidarity as it moves from the search and rescue phase to the recovery phase.
As climate change bites harder and we see more fierce natural disasters, it will so often be the case that those least able to cope with the effects of climate change are impacted to the greatest extent.
So will the UK Government invest much more in international loss and damage funding, as the Scottish Government have championed worldwide?
Of course, we will support the Government in any support they offer Libya.
However, given the drastic cut of 30% in the international aid budget and the catastrophic impact it has had on our ability to be a global player and react to the needs of countries hit by climate change disasters such as we see in Libya right now, what more support can the Libyans expect from the Government?
I thank the hon.
Member for his support.
The action that is being taken in the short term is the top priority right now.
He makes important points about how we are working to affect those who are climate-vulnerable.
We will continue to do that, but I reassure him that in this moment in time we have found support, we will continue to monitor the situation and we will provide whatever other support we need to provide.
Our funding through the UN is pivotal at this time.
I thank my hon.
Friend for the update.
Clearly, the most important thing right now is humanitarian aid, but there will be a requirement for long-term rebuilding of the structures that have been destroyed.
The British people will want to be generous but, as my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bridgwater and West Somerset (Mr Liddell-Grainger)  mentioned, there is a risk that funds will be diverted to improper uses.
When a fund is set up to which the British people can contribute, will my hon.
Friend make sure that the British people know how to contribute to it and that it goes to the people who need it?
My hon.
Friend makes a good point, which has been reiterated by other Members: the money needs to get to the frontline.
We will do everything we can, certainly with those funds provided by the UK Government and through the UN; that will be a key focus.
The fact that so many colleagues are raising the issue helps us to make that point with conviction.
On his wider point, the primary focus right now is humanitarian need, but going forward, Libya needs to move down a pathway to free and fair elections.
That will help the country in the longer term, but humanitarian aid and support is our key focus right now.
I join colleagues in offering my condolences to all those who have lost loved ones in the devastation in Libya.
In my constituency and in many other parts of the country there are strong Libyan diaspora communities watching on in despair, unsure about the whereabouts of their loved ones.
Will  the Minister confirm what support is available to Libyan communities and others in the UK to gain information about friends and family in Libya?
Our embassy staff are working closely with people on the ground, keeping in touch with what is going on, and our consular support team is keeping in touch with dual nationals in Libya, providing the support they need.
They will continue to do that.
Our condolences go not only to the people of Libya but to the wider diaspora as well.