What discussions has the Secretary of State had with the Department of Agriculture, Environment and Rural Affairs back in Northern Ireland to ensure consistent, free-flowing agri-trade, given the complications caused by the Northern Ireland protocol?
The hon.
Gentleman is right.
The first thing we want to see is the restoration of the Executive.
When I was in Belfast this week, I spoke to Members of the Legislative Assembly from across the parties, and this is something they repeatedly raise.
Businesses are telling us that the Windsor framework is helping, and we are working closely with the ones that still have issues.
Such discussions facilitate business conversations and encourage the restoration of the Executive, which would help to drive the changes the hon.
Gentleman wants to see.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs if he will make a statement on the floods in Libya.
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for raising this issue, which I know is a source of concern across the House.
It is important that we discuss it today.
The situation is very concerning, and I send sincere condolences on behalf of the Government to the people of Libya.
I am sure that is true for everyone in the House.
On Wednesday, eastern Administration officials reported that the death toll had risen to at least 5,300, and newspaper reports this morning suggest the number could reach 20,000.
Storm Daniel hit Libya on  Sunday 10 September  after causing floods and chaos in Bulgaria, Greece and Turkey, and then, early on Monday morning, two dams burst, which we know caused major flooding that submerged parts of the city and wiped out entire neighbourhoods.
The attempt to recover the situation has been made worse by a lack of road access and by communication channels being down.
We stand ready to help as best we can.
The UK has committed to supporting Libya following these devastating floods, and yesterday the Foreign Secretary announced an initial package worth up to £1 million to provide life-saving assistance to meet the immediate needs of those most affected by the floods.
The UN central emergency response fund, to which the UK is the third largest donor, has announced that it will deliver $10 million of support to Libya.
We are also working with trusted partners on the ground to identify the most urgent basic needs, including shelter, healthcare and sanitation.
We stand ready to provide further support.
The UK remains in close contact with authorities across Libya to help respond to this tragic crisis, and Lord Ahmad, the Minister for the middle east and north Africa, has reiterated the UK’s commitment to Libya in a call with the chair of Libya’s Presidential Council.
UN officials have said that the western and eastern Governments are working together and communicating on this, which will be important, and we stand ready to help the people of Libya in these very challenging times.
The horror of the catastrophic floods in Libya is hard to imagine: loved ones swept away within arm’s reach, drowning in mud and crushed under rubble.
The city of Derna has been utterly devastated and, as the Minister said, estimates now range above 20,000 lives lost.
The grief and worry of those with no knowledge of their loved ones’ fate must be simply unbearable.
Our thoughts are with them and with all the people of Libya.
As the Minister said, assistance has struggled to reach the city, and the scale of urgency of need is immense.
Many areas have reportedly received no help, and there is no hope of rescue for anyone left alive trapped under mud and rubble.
There is obviously a terrible threat from disease, with authorities lacking enough body bags to cope with the scale of death.
In the Minister’s estimation, how many people are now lacking shelter, clean water and medical care?