Over the recess, I had the pleasure of visiting the historic Harland & Wolff shipyard in north Devon, where we talked about the potential for UK shipbuilding jobs linked to the offshore renewables sector.
Given last week’s disappointing auction round, to put it mildly, what can the Minister say to convince the shipbuilding industry that there is a future for it in making those service vessels?
I was with Harland & Wolff just last night for London International Shipping Week, and the firm is really excited about the shipbuilding credit guarantee scheme, which provides Government-backed loans of up to £500 million to ensure that shipbuilding continues to thrive in the UK.
That is a product for which the industry has been asking for many years, and we have been able to deliver it this year.
Ministers have spent the past hour or so telling us, in the face of overwhelmingly contrary evidence, that Brexit is just the most wonderfullest thing ever to have happened in the history of the entire universe.
Will the Secretary of State level up with us for a minute and tell us whether there is anything at all about Brexit that she finds regrettable, disappointing or frustrating?
The hon.
Gentleman is right—there is one thing that I find regrettable, and it is the fact that he continues to bang on and on about this even after the rest of the world has moved on post the referendum.
The fact is that we have left the EU and we are not going back into it—certainly not under the terms that would require us to do so.
He should be focusing on the benefits of Brexit, such as having more control over our laws, our borders and our money, as well as being able to deregulate, including through our smarter   regulation programme.
If he looked at that, there might be opportunities he could deliver for the people of Scotland.
As the UK automotive industry wrestles with the looming increase in the rules of origin thresholds, European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen has just announced a probe into the flood of cheaper Chinese electric cars coming into the market.
Although there has undoubtedly been much for the UK to welcome, with announcements from Jaguar Land Rover and BMW, what additional measures are the Government taking to ameliorate the impact of cheaper and heavily subsidised Chinese imports?
That is an excellent question, because it raises something fundamental.
The transition to net zero will change the nature of the UK supply chain and, as I said earlier this week, China poses a systemic challenge here.
The path to net zero creates a risk of even greater reliance on China, especially when it comes to the battery manufacturing needed for zero emission vehicles.
We cannot be naive about that.
That is why I am working hard to ensure not only that business competitiveness is at the heart of our transition, but that British national interests come first.
We cannot depend on a single country.
We must protect our national security, so we are working with like-minded allies.
My hon.
Friend the Minister for Industry and Economic Security has spoken about our critical minerals strategy and we are working to diversify and build those supply chains.
That is what the Atlantic declaration, which I mentioned earlier, is also about.
We are very aware of this point, but I think it is important to reinforce it.
I thank the Secretary of State very much for the encouraging positivity of her answers—[Interruption.]
At least, most of us are encouraged.
Great Britain is Northern Ireland’s main export market for agricultural goods, accounting for some 64.1% of all exports.
What discussions has the Secretary of State had with the Department of Agriculture, Environment and Rural Affairs back in Northern Ireland to ensure consistent, free-flowing agri-trade, given the complications caused by the Northern Ireland protocol?
The hon.
Gentleman is right.