Gentleman’s premise that the high street is dead—not at all.
It is reshaping itself, and while it does so we will help it, such as with the £13.6 billion of rates relief over the next five years.
Ministers’ answers do not match the scale of the problem; 12,500 Wilko workers alone are at risk of redundancy.
Labour’s plans for the high street are about reforming business rates, tackling late payment, cracking down on antisocial behaviour and stopping premises being left empty, with councils having more powers.
The problem demands a response from Ministers.
Based on their answers today, this Government have simply given up on the British high street.
That is complete nonsense.
This week, I met Helen Dickenson from the Retail Sector Council to discuss this matter closely.
There are certain situations in certain companies of course.
I guard the hon.
Gentleman against political opportunism on the back of those 12,500 jobs, many of which have been picked up by other retailers such as Poundland in rescues of stores.
On his point about business rates, which I hear time and again, all the Labour party has  done is say that it will cancel £22 billion of business rates, without saying how it will replace those taxation receipts.
Where is the money coming from?
The Secretary of State and the Prime Minister have both been in India recently and had the opportunity to negotiate further on the wonderful trade deal that we wish to do.
Her predecessor but one or two promised a trade deal with India by Diwali.
Of course, they did not mention which year.
Diwali this year is later than normal; what confidence does she have that we will have it in place by Diwali this year?
With a question that long, we will be celebrating the next one.
My hon.
Friend is keen for a deal by Diwali, but as the Prime Minister and I have been at pains to say, it is about the deal, not the day.
We are working as much as we can to get a deal, but we will not do so by sacrificing British interests.
The deal has to work for both the UK and India.
I met the Indian Commerce and Finance Ministers to ensure that we create a mutually beneficial deal.
Recent figures show that small businesses in the UK are owed more than £32 billion in late payments.
When coupled with a 40% rise in energy costs and other inflationary pressures that I mentioned before, that is making running small businesses in my constituency impossible.
On Tuesday, the EU set out its SME relief package, which will help to tackle the problem.
What is the Minister doing to combat late payments for SMEs?
The hon.
Lady raises an important point.
That is why we launched a payment and cash flow review earlier this year, which is due to report very shortly.
We are ambitious to make sure that small businesses get paid more quickly through putting more pressure on larger companies, the results of which will be announced very shortly.
In August, I was lucky to be invited to the 70th anniversary of Caterpillar being founded in my constituency.
It was the first place outside the US it set up a base in, and it now employs 1,300 people, making things such as the electric backhoe loader.
Will my hon.
Friend congratulate Caterpillar on its investment here, from where it exports across the world?
Would she like to come and see exactly what it does in Bosworth?
I join my hon.
Friend, a great champion of Bosworth, in congratulating Caterpillar on 70 years and 1,300 employees.
That is fantastic.
I look forward to going along and having a go on the electric diggers.
The loss of Wilko is devastating, in particular for the thousands of workers who will lose their livelihoods.