This is a devastating tragedy, and it has unquestionably been exacerbated by Libya’s poor warning and evacuation systems, and by its substandard planning and design standards.
I welcome the financial support that the Minister has outlined, but can he assure me that we will also look to provide whatever technical expertise is necessary to bring about improvements in these areas for the rebuilding of Libya both now and into the future?
The hon.
Member makes a really important point about the medium term, and we will certainly examine what technical support we can provide.
That will be important given the infrastructure issues.
I also gently urge all parties in Libya to recognise that this is about prioritisation.
If they can move away from conflict and think about how they can work in the interests of their own populations, that would also help the situation.
We stand ready to help, but once we get through this immediate humanitarian crisis, other parties will need to work out how they can help move the country forward.
I appreciate what the Minister is saying: the humanitarian response to what have been described as apocalyptic scenes has to be the priority.
I went to Kashmir in my first term as an MP, following the devastating earthquake there, and saw how the way that school buildings had been constructed lent itself to roofs collapsing on children and other horrific scenes.
We talked about how the UK could lend its expertise in that area to make sure that, following the reconstruction effort, Kashmir would be more resilient to future shocks.
Are we still involved in such programmes?
Can we use that expertise to ensure that, when it comes to rebuilding Libya and other affected countries, they are far more resilient?
I recognise the hon.
Member’s interest and expertise in this area from her previous visits and through her work in Parliament.
She makes an important   point, similar to that made by  the hon.
Member for Stretford and Urmston (Andrew Western) .
We do need to look at what technical expertise we can provide.
I will take that away and work on it with Lord Ahmad.
It is a good point.
The scenes coming out of Libya are just horrific.
My thoughts and prayers are added to those from across the House to all the families affected.
The Minister, in response to my hon.
Friend on the Front Bench, said that communications had been taken out and that that is hampering efforts to get humanitarian aid to where it is needed.
What can the UK Government do to help get those communications back up and running?
That is a really important point.
Hopefully, our expertise can help there.
We need to see what the UN wants us to do in a co-ordinated way.
We will play our part, and the calls from Members in this House will spur us on and help us in our negotiations to get urgent access to do what we can to help.
I wish to thank all Members for their contributions today.
It has been an important conversation and call to action.
I thank the Minister for his deep and sincere interest and for his commitment, which is what all of us in this House wish to see.
Our Government and our Ministers have never been found wanting when it comes to helping, and we appreciate that.
He has outlined the devastation and loss of life from Storm Daniel.
Like others, my thoughts and prayers are with those families who have lost loved ones.
Charities such as Christian Aid, alongside church groups in my constituency of Strangford and across Northern Ireland, are already setting up a page.
It is clear that there is a desire to help.
How can the Minister and the Government work alongside the charities and the churches to get aid to the right place as soon as humanly possible?
The response from UK charities, including those that the hon.