Because it is a Select Committee issue, I will make sure that he gets all the details in writing.
During the recess, I visited Heathcoat Fabrics, an innovative export business in Tiverton; its achievements include selling to NASA a device that helped land the Mars rover on the surface of Mars.
Earlier this year, HMRC rejected Heathcoat’s research and development claim without so much as a meeting.
Will the Minister talk with colleagues at the Treasury to establish why Heathcoat Fabrics and other innovative export businesses are having R&D claims rejected this year?
I say simply that yes, I will.
We now come to the shadow Minister.
According to the International Monetary Fund, British exports to France and Germany since 2019 are down—by 14% to France and 17% to Germany.
US exports to both are up by 20%; Canada’s are up by 23% and Italy’s are up by 29%.
Ministers will not back an industrial strategy, have cut funding to get businesses to trade shows and will not negotiate a veterinary agreement.
Why does this Minister think that everyone else has got so much better recently at selling things to our nearest neighbours?
Members choose which numbers they want to throw out, but those do not necessarily reflect reality.
I thought it was fantastic that we are now the eighth largest manufacturer in the world; I believe that we leap-frogged France—leap-frogging the French is always good to get on the record.
Actually, exports are most definitely up.
In the 12 months to June 2023, UK exports rose by £139 billion, an increase of 8% once adjusted for inflation.
In the same period, goods exports reached £428 billion, an 11% increase when adjusted for inflation.
Perhaps we should reflect on the opportunities for all the businesses in our constituencies.
What recent discussions she has had with (a) NGOs and (b) charities on the inclusion of human rights considerations in trade negotiations.
The Government are committed to universal human rights, the rule of law, free speech and fairness.
Those values guide all aspects of our international policy, including our approach to trade.
As trade talks continue with many countries that have deplorable human rights records and as discussions continue with India, will the Minister ensure that we receive binding commitments on human rights—particularly in relation to labour practices—rather than simply warm words, and that discussions continue with NGOs, which are well placed, and often better placed than the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office, on what is going on?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question.
The UK will continue to show global leadership in encouraging all states to uphold international human  rights obligations and to hold those who violate or abuse human rights to account.
The UK has successfully included labour, environment and gender provisions in the free trade agreements that we have signed—with Australia and New Zealand, for example.
Those both contained dedicated chapters on trade, gender equality, labour and the environment.
They uphold human rights but, crucially, also level the playing field for our UK businesses.
What recent assessment she has made of the impact of her trade policies on the cost of food.
Food prices are driven by many pressures, including the global economic climate.
We recognise the important role that trade can play in improving food security through diversification of supply chains.
Our programme of free trade agreements is securing access to global supply chains, removing barriers and lowering costs for traders.
Furthermore, in 2022, 84% of agricultural and food imports entered the UK tariff-free.
By delivering trade deals and working with international partners, we are ensuring that British consumers have access to good-quality and good-value food.
Will the Minister explain how the Government’s plans for a £43 inspection fee on each consignment of food imported from the European Union represent barrier-free trade?