If there are specific things he thinks we can do to assist, I would be happy to meet him and organise even more engagement that will help facilitate UK-US trade.
What steps she is taking to increase trade with European countries.
Europe remains a vital destination for British exports.
UK businesses exported more than  £416 billion in the year to March 2023, up 24% in current prices on the previous year.
We are engaging extensively with key European partners.
This weekend, my right hon.
Friend the Trade Secretary will attend the annual UK-Italy bilateral conference to advance the landmark ministerial dialogue on export and investment promotion launched in February, the first agreed between the UK and any EU country.
Here is an issue that could be discussed at that meeting: the youth group travel sector is worth £28 billion to the UK economy, but that two-way trade has collapsed since Brexit.
The Prime Minister made a vague commitment in March that there would be an agreement for French school groups to visit the UK.
We have heard no more details, and anyway we need a wider agreement to include other countries.
When will the Government sort out this problem?
I think this matter sits not just with our Department, but with the Department for Education.
If the hon.
Gentleman will allow, I will write to him formally and make sure he gets an update on this issue.
Whether she has had recent discussions with (a) Cabinet colleagues and (b) the Scottish Government on support for Scotland’s hospitality sector.
As the hon.
Member will be aware, hospitality support is devolved.
We continue to provide energy support via the energy bills discount scheme, benefiting hospitality businesses across the UK.
I would be happy to meet her and any of her colleagues to see how we can help hospitality businesses across the whole UK.
That is excellent to hear, because the hospitality sector plays a crucial role in Scotland’s economy, but it has consistently been let down by the UK Government, who repeatedly fail to support the industry with the unique challenges it faces.
Businesses across Scotland are grappling with inflationary pressures, labour and skill shortages and the ever-increasing complexity of trading rules with 27 countries we once traded with freely.
Why will the Minister not accept that Brexit lies at the heart of these problems?
If the hon.
Lady looks again, she will find that the Scottish Government lie at the heart of these problems.
In England, all eligible businesses can get 75% relief on their rates, subject to a cap of £110,000, while in Scotland, rates relief is available only to small businesses and could be as low as between 25% and 0% for individual properties with rateable values from £15,000.
There is far more support available for English businesses than for Scottish businesses.
I think she should go back and look again at the facts.
Whether she has had discussions with courier services on deliveries to isolated rural areas.
I appreciate the hon.
Member’s interest in ensuring a fair deal for his constituents.
The Government’s universal service obligation on Royal Mail guarantees delivery of parcels at uniform rates throughout the UK, without any geographical restrictions.
Where other courier businesses decide to serve should be a commercial decision for them.
A constituent who visited my surgery recently complained that one courier service in particular would not deliver to his isolated rural property.
The choice of courier is, of course, currently a matter for retailers.
Do the Government agree, though, that there is a case for saying that large retailers could offer the consumer the choice of which courier service should be used?
That would empower consumers and hopefully improve performance via competition.
The hon.
Member raises a very important point.
Competition plays a role in this, of course.