I am happy to engage with the hon.
Member.
I missed the earliest part of his question, but we are providing an awful lot of support for small businesses in various ways.
I cannot remember his amendment to the Bill, but I am happy to engage with him to see what we can do to help.
May we have an update on our proposals for a carbon border adjustment mechanism?
The Treasury published a consultation in March on a range of measures to mitigate carbon leakage.
Potential policies include a carbon adjustment mechanism on managing product standards.
I am sure it will report shortly.
Yesterday, I joined my hon.
Friend the Member for Cardiff West (Kevin Brennan) on the all-party parliamentary group on music for the launch of UK Music’s impressive “Manifesto for Music”.
The opportunities and risks of AI are a key issue for the industry.
Will the Government commit to musicians having a voice and a place at the table for the AI summit in November?
That is certainly something we can look to do.
There are many concerns about what will happen to copyright and intellectual property once AI continues to advance in this area.
The hon.
Member raises an important point.
If he writes to me specifically, I will make sure that the Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology gets to see that so we can incorporate it.
I notice, by the way, that the Americans refer to it as the trans-Pacific partnership, which I think is actually a lot shorter and better than what we call it.
Have there been any discussions at all with the United States Administration to ask whether they might eventually rejoin the partnership?
My hon.
Friend is right.
It used to be called the TPP, and it was the Canadians who added the “comprehensive and progressive” to make it quite a mouthful.
The question of what the US wants to do on trade deals comes up time and again.
The US has said that it will not sign any free trade agreements even though it was initially considering the TPP.
That is why the announcement of the Atlantic declaration by the Prime Minister and President Biden is key.
That is our new vehicle to form a trade partnership, and my Department is working actively across Government and with our counterparts in the US to make sure that that delivers for the UK.
Many small businesses, particularly in the retail and hospitality sectors, still rely on high street banking.
Earlier this month, the last bank in Denton town centre—the Halifax —closed.
It was not just the last one in Denton but the last one in the Denton and Reddish parliamentary constituency, leaving small businesses without access to high street banking.
It is not good enough, is it?
The hon.
Gentleman makes an important point, and we urge banks to listen to their customers about keeping their doors open.
Of course, we have the banking framework relationship with the post office network, which provides deposit and cash facilities for small businesses on high streets in Denton and other parts of the country.
We are determined to make that relationship more generous to the Post Office to ensure the sustainability of the post office network.
Over the recess, I had the pleasure of visiting the historic Harland & Wolff shipyard in north Devon, where we talked about the potential for UK shipbuilding jobs linked to the offshore renewables sector.
Given last week’s disappointing auction round, to put it mildly, what can the Minister say to convince the shipbuilding industry that there is a future for it in making those service vessels?
I was with Harland & Wolff just last night for London International Shipping Week, and the firm is really excited about the shipbuilding credit guarantee scheme, which provides Government-backed loans of up to £500 million to ensure that shipbuilding continues to thrive in the UK.