As she knows, we have increased funding rates significantly.
Neil Leitch, to whom she referred, is in our stakeholder group, and we value his input.
However, I think it will be clear to people watching these exchanges that while we get on with the biggest delivery of childcare ever, the Labour party has no plan, no policy, and no idea how to help families with childcare costs.
The expansion of childcare is extremely welcome, and I have every confidence that the Minister and the excellent team at the Department for Education will deliver this current expansion on time and that the funding will reach all the families who need it.
To be fair, however, the Minister is dealing with a system that has become remarkably complicated over the last 15 or 20 years.
Would he be interested in discussing with the Chancellor the notion of rolling up all the various funding streams that we provide for childcare, and indeed for family support, and instead of taking money from people in taxes, losing some of the administration and returning it to them in the form of mandated childcare, thus giving every family with children a generous tax break to allow them to make choices for themselves?
My right hon.
Friend has written some articles, which I have read, proposing that very idea.
We think that our present system is the best way of achieving what we want to achieve, but I am of course happy to continue my discussions with him.
Good-quality childcare is a crucial economic infrastructure issue for parents now and the education of children in the future, which is why we need it, but the system is too complex, and we cannot access it in my constituency.
Providers are collapsing.
When will the Government think about drawing up a workforce plan to try to stabilise the system before adding more and more complexity for parents?
I am not sure what the hon.
Lady means when she says that people in Bristol cannot access the system, but if she sends me the details, I shall be happy at look at them, because, I have said, tens of thousands of parents have already accessed it.
I should also point out that while there has been a fall in the number of providers, there has been an increase in the numbers of both staff and places, so we are confident that we will deliver the roll-out as planned.
I welcome the Minister’s statement, and working parents across my constituency welcome this expansion and the biggest ever investment in childcare in England.
Today, however, I received a letter from Victoria Morris, a very experienced childminder who has worked in Leigh-on-Sea for more than 20 years, pointing out that someone who owns a nursery can claim the funding for children to whom they are related, including their own children, but that does not apply to childminders.
She simply asks whether the Minister would consider lifting that ban so that childminders are on the same footing as other childcare providers.
The current legislation states that people cannot access Government money for looking after their own children, although it can happen in a larger setting.
We have no plans to change that at present, but I should be happy to have a discussion with my hon.
Friend.
We know of the challenge that many parents face in trying to find an appropriate nursery for their children, but it is even harder when a child has special educational needs.
According to messages I have received, some nurseries are refusing to take such children on.
Can the Minister say without equivocation that that is unlawful?
The hon.
Gentleman has made an important point, and he is entirely right.
We have heard from great organisations such as Dingley’s Promise that providers have not given places to children with special educational needs, and the team and I are looking into that to ensure that it is not the case.