Friend is absolutely right that we need decisions at the earliest possible opportunity.
Sometimes that is not possible, but it is important that things are done as quickly as possible.
That is one reason that we announced a few weeks ago that we were monitoring local authorities’ planning application performance, so that can see where they are, and are not, doing the right thing.
Lease-holders at Orchard House in my constituency are in an unsafe building with known defects.
They have been issued with a remediation order, but the freeholder is simply not co-operating.
Does this not suggest that the feudal freehold system should be abolished for flats, as well as for houses?
What assurances can the Minister give my constituents that they will get help from somewhere?
It suggests to me that the freeholder is doing the wrong thing, and where the freeholder is doing the wrong thing, they need to be held to account through the court system, as they are, and they will eventually be forced to do the right thing.
On the specifics, I am happy to talk to the hon.
Lady, if that would be helpful.
We have £72 million for Bishop Auckland through the levelling-up fund, the future high streets fund and the towns fund, £20 million for Spennymoor through the long-term plan for towns and a £1.4 billion investment fund through the north-east devolution deal.
It really is the Conservatives who deliver for the north-east, is it not?
I completely agree with my hon.
Friend, and I thank her for her work in this role in the Department and all that she has done to help level up in her constituency.
There are 14,000 families waiting on Liverpool’s housing register.
We are facing a housing and homelessness crisis, and the cost of providing temporary accommodation has gone from £250,000 to £19 million in the past three years.
The leader of the council has written to the Secretary of State twice.
When will the Secretary of State wake up to this emergency?
I appreciate the advocacy of Liverpool MPs on behalf of those in temporary accommodation, and I appreciate the scale and nature of the problem.
I have been working with the Mayor of Liverpool city region and others to look at a strategic futures advisory panel report that we believe will unlock not just additional housing, but additional investment in Liverpool and the Liverpool city region.
I look forward to discussing that with the hon.
Member and, indeed, the new leader of Liverpool City Council.
Over the weekend, the Express ran a story about Ferryhill in my Sedgefield constituency being a dumping ground for rapists and  paedophiles.
My constituents believe that has been driven by housing groups advertising in the south to people that they have houses in places such as Ferryhill where no checks are required.
Can the Minister meet me to discuss how we can stop the degeneration of places such as Ferryhill?
I am very sorry to hear of my hon.
Friend’s concerns.
I will meet him and discuss how our antisocial behaviour action plan can help in Ferryhill.
I refer the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
Today, more than 40 of the Government’s own MPs have written to the Prime Minister with their concern about the financial situation facing councils and the need for emergency funding.
The Local Government Association says that there is likely to be a £4 billion funding gap over the next two years.
If there are to be these council shortfalls and many people will not see the essential services they rely on, what will the Secretary of State do to ensure that people still have access to the vital services they so desperately need?
I think that of the 40 MPs who wrote that letter, one was  the hon.
Member for Cambridge (Daniel Zeichner)  and one was  the hon.