We are working hard to try to ensure that we can do that with our partners in a restored Executive.
In the meantime, I should say that I am grateful to Ulster rugby for ending its relationship with Kingspan, which means that we can unlock additional funding for grassroots rugby across Northern Ireland.
While I am deeply disappointed that Stoke-on-Trent Labour refuses to make the necessary terms and conditions changes to help save Stoke-on-Trent City Council funding, there is a united view across the political divide in Stoke-on-Trent that the legacy in children’s social care is causing huge financial strain on the local authority.
Will the Secretary of State do everything he can to work with Councillor Jane Ashworth to ensure that that gap is funded and those children—the most vulnerable in our society—are protected?
Absolutely.
I hope that the House will note that my hon.
Friend, who fights incredibly hard for his principles and for Stoke-on-Trent, is taking a typically statesmanlike approach in putting his constituents first.
Come the next general election, people should remember that he is someone whose big heart reflects their good values.
Road safety is put at risk by roads that are not adopted, because speed limits cannot be enforced and often they do not get gritted.
There are serious worries that people will get injured.
What more can the Department do to ensure that key service roads on big, new housing estates get adopted more quickly?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
We need to ensure that developers live up to their responsibilities to provide appropriate infrastructure.
It has been the case that a number of fleecehold—for want of a better word—developments have unadopted roads, where children are at risk.
Before we proceed to the next business, I would like to make a brief statement.
The link between Members of Parliament and our constituents is special and fundamental to the democratic life of the country.
As we enter the general election year, many hon.
Members are expecting boundary changes.
Some will contemplate standing for constituencies that they do not currently represent.
I have received a number of representations from hon.
Members from all parts of the House about colleagues involving themselves in their constituencies.
I thought it would be helpful to remind the House of some important rules and conventions regarding constituency representation.
First, Members usually deal with individual cases relating only to their own constituencies.
When a Member is contacted by someone seeking assistance who is not her or his own constituent, the normal expectation is that the person should be referred to the relevant constituency Member.
Secondly, when a Member intends to visit another constituency other than in a private capacity, they should make every reasonable effort to inform the Member representing that constituency before they do so.
That applies equally to ministerial visits.
The ministerial code states that the Ministers intending to make an official visit in the United Kingdom must inform, in advance and in good time, the MPs whose constituencies are to be included in the visit.
I should add that, although the ministerial code does not apply to shadow Ministers, they should adhere to the same protocol if visiting constituencies.
Thirdly, when issues relating to another constituency are raised in the House, the Member concerned should, where possible and when time permits, inform the other Member involved in advance.
That applies equally to the tabling of written questions.
Hon.
Members have a duty to look after the constituents who elected them to this place.
Boundary changes do not take effect until the next election.
We must observe the convention of not involving ourselves with another Member’s constituency until that time.
More generally, I understand that the political temperature will rise as we get closer to an election.
I urge all hon.
Members to continue to treat each other with courtesy and respect in the remaining months of this Parliament.