We are looking at that, because we have provided the information and the funding that we need to, and we do not think it is right for providers in the sector to be waiting right up until  31 March  to get  that information.
So we are looking at what we can do on that.
Having said that, some local authorities have already confirmed their rates and the vast majority will do so in the coming weeks.
The initiative is supposed to provide 700,000 additional childcare places, yet 5% of providers withdrew from the market last year, including in the Sandymoor part of my constituency.
How do Ministers square that circle, given the funding pressures going forward?
We are doing all we can to help providers meet the funding pressures.
It is important for Members of the House to understand that there is a difference between the fall in the number of providers, which can be seen in nationally published data, and the increase in the number of staff and places.
I am confident that parents will be able to access these hours as entitled.
Every time the Government have made an announcement to improve childcare, I have welcomed it.
I was pleased to serve on the Bill Committee for the Childcare Act 2016, but I questioned then exactly how the Government were going to deliver the capacity needed within the budget available.
The Minister said that all would be well, but he was wrong and it took years to build up capacity, and the current offer is still not being universally delivered.
Given the poor preparation for this latest initiative, how on earth can parents expect the Government to deliver this time?
I am glad that the hon.
Gentleman has welcomed our announcements on childcare, although Members on the Opposition Front Bench have not done so.
We are in close contact with local authorities and providers in order to deliver the initiative, and parents will be able to get those first 15 hours for their two-year-olds in April.
Does the Minister believe that part of the consideration on affordable childcare will take into account the need for nurseries to be able to operate alongside the cost of living crisis?
Can additional funding be found to meet that need, not for the sake of the delivery of a promise but for the children who desperately need the care to enable their development and for the parents who simply cannot afford to do it alone?
The hon.
Gentleman raises an important point about the increased cost pressures that everybody has to face.
That is why we gave an additional £204 million in the last financial year and a further £400 million in the current financial year to help meet those pressures, based on the fact that we surveyed 10,000 providers in order to understand exactly what they are paying for all the things he outlines.[Official Report,  30 January 2024 , Vol.
744, c. 10MC.]
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care to make a statement on the declaration of a national incident in response to the recent surge in measles cases.
I thank the hon.
Lady for giving me the chance to update the House on this important matter, further to the written ministerial statement that we will publish later today.
The UK Health Security Agency announced last week that it has declared a national standard incident in response to an increase in confirmed cases of measles.
In order for our measles, mumps and rubella vaccine to work, the World Health Organisation recommends at least 95% coverage to maintain population coverage.
At the moment, our MMR reach is 89.3% for the first dose at 24 months, and 84.5% for the second dose at five years.
This is not a new issue.