If there are to be these council shortfalls and many people will not see the essential services they rely on, what will the Secretary of State do to ensure that people still have access to the vital services they so desperately need?
I think that of the 40 MPs who wrote that letter, one was  the hon.
Member for Cambridge (Daniel Zeichner)  and one was  the hon.
Member for Somerton and Frome (Sarah Dyke) , so I look forward to their joining our ranks as part of the swelling tide of Conservative support that I see across the country.
On the specifics of the hon.
Member’s point, we have been listening carefully to colleagues in local government and will respond in due course.
Local council tax payers in Warrington quite rightly expect high levels of governance and transparency when councillors are using public money to invest in commercial businesses, which carries a high level of risk.
Does the Minister agree that the decision by Labour-run Warrington Borough Council to reduce the number of opposition councillors on its audit committee flies in the face of good governance and that questions need to be asked about how it is managing its £1.8 billion debt?
I recognise the concerns regarding Warrington’s debt.
Of course, the Levelling-up and Regeneration Act 2023 provides new powers for the Government to step in and take action to protect the public purse.
My experience is that where important scrutiny chairmanship roles are held by opposition parties, those who take the decisions take better decisions, and the scrutiny is much better as a result.
Does the Secretary of State think it is acceptable that leaseholders of Lee Court in my constituency should be without heating and hot water, as well as experiencing multiple problems in the communal area?
If he does not think that is acceptable, how and when will he strengthen the Leasehold and Freehold Reform Bill to stop these injustices from happening?
I absolutely accept that, and I believe that I wrote recently to Lewisham council to draw attention to its responsibilities in the area.
On Metro Mayors, may I draw my right hon.
Friend’s attention to the decision of Ben Houchen to deliver the £250 million Darlington northern link road using Network North funds?
Does he agree that that is a fantastic example of Ben delivering for Darlington and the Tees Valley?
It is just another example of Ben Houchen as Metro Mayor using all the powers at his disposal and the resources released by this Conservative Government to ensure that, at last, Teesside and the Tees Valley gets the investment it needed.
One reason he attracts so much criticism from the Labour party is that he is a Tory who delivers for Teesside in a way that no one has ever delivered before.
Come on, Jim.
Will the Minister commit to further levelling-up funding for the devolved institutions for local sports clubs across Northern Ireland, instead of funding Casement Park to the detriment of every other sport looking for funding in Northern Ireland, so that all traditions and all sides of the community can benefit from the funding?
I take the hon.
Gentleman’s point seriously.
It is important that we support grassroots sport and other civil society organisations in Northern Ireland.
We are working hard to try to ensure that we can do that with our partners in a restored Executive.
In the meantime, I should say that I am grateful to Ulster rugby for ending its relationship with Kingspan, which means that we can unlock additional funding for grassroots rugby across Northern Ireland.
While I am deeply disappointed that Stoke-on-Trent Labour refuses to make the necessary terms and conditions changes to help save Stoke-on-Trent City Council funding, there is a united view across the political divide in Stoke-on-Trent that the legacy in children’s social care is causing huge financial strain on the local authority.