It is absolutely vital that buyers have correct, up-to-date and accurate material information on their purchase before they make a decision to buy a home.
I am very grateful to my hon.
Friend the Minister.
He will know that promotional documents put out by major house builders such as Barratt Homes, Taylor Wimpey, David Wilson Homes and so on to prospective purchasers on large-scale housing estates commit absolutely to the building of health infrastructure, which very often does not turn up.
Just allocating a piece of land simply is not good enough.
Can he please make sure that we do not mislead purchasers and that, frankly, the doctors’ surgery is the first building to be built on many of these new estates?
My hon.
Friend makes a hugely important point, and I am grateful for the time he has spent with me in my first couple of months in the job to highlight this issue, to articulate the problems and to show the real-life examples of where there is an issue.
He is such a good champion of this issue for his constituency.
A substantial amount of infrastructure has been built all across the country, but where there are gaps it is hugely frustrating, and we will continue to work with assiduous Members such as my hon.
Friend to try to close them.
A recent freedom of information request revealed that only a third of the housing infrastructure fund has actually been spent, which leaves £2.9 billion unspent.
The National Audit Office says that successful delivery of the housing infrastructure fund “appears to be unachievable”, so what is going to happen to that £2.9 billion?
The housing infrastructure fund continues to transform very difficult, challenging and unviable areas of the country.
It is being spent at pace, and it will continue to be so.
We expect it to be able to transform more parts of the country over the years ahead.
What assessment he has made of the role of neighbourhood planning in the national planning policy framework.
The Government recognise the time and commitment that communities put into neighbourhood plans.
Our recent updates to the national planning policy framework mean that neighbourhood plans meeting their identified housing requirement are now better protected from speculative development, including through the additional reforms coming in the Levelling-up and Regeneration Act 2023.
My Lib Dem-run borough council still does not have an up-to-date local plan.
Every day that passes means that we are open to speculative housing developments without the right infrastructure such as GP practices and roads and those kind of things.
My communities are fantastic at producing neighbourhood plans, but they are ridden over roughshod in places such as Desford, where housing has been put in where the community does not want it.
Will the Minister look at increasing the priority given to neighbourhood plans when communities and local planning authorities do not have an up-to-date local plan?
It is hugely frustrating when local plans are not in place.
As my hon.
Friend indicated, in his area the Lib Dem council has failed to do that, which is letting residents down.
There have been changes as a result of the national planning policy framework giving additional protection through neighbourhood plans, but district councils and those with planning responsibilities need to get their plans in place.
If he will make an assessment of the potential merits of a permitted development right for urban homeowners to increase their property to four storeys where that complies with the local authority’s design code.
We have introduced national permitted development rights to allow a wide range of existing residential and commercial buildings to extend upwards by up to two additional storeys.
We have also recently consulted on proposals to apply local design codes to those rights and further announcements will be made in due course.
May I urge the Minister to go further and faster on this?