Lady says—[Interruption.]
If she wants to send me details, I will be happy to take them up with any local authority that is not doing what it is asked to do.
On the two particular issues with the roll-out, we have moved quickly and provided solutions for them.
This is the biggest ever expansion of childcare and it will be transformational for many working parents, so it is bound to be really complicated to implement.
The Minister has just said that only a tiny number of local authorities are reporting that they think they will not have sufficient places, so does that mean that the vast majority of local authorities say that they will have sufficient places?
What is he doing to encourage more people to come into the profession and act as childminders?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right: the vast majority of local authorities are already reporting that they will have the number of places that they need.
We are working with the small number that have challenges and we are confident that they will be in the right place by that point.
On her question about childminders, one of the things we are doing is introducing a brand-new childminder grant scheme to encourage more childminders into the great early years careers that are available.
I heard the Minister talk about the staffing.
For a new parent or carer, handing over their young child to the staff in the sector is one of the most scary things.
Those staff do fantastic work but are often paid low wages.
The Women’s Budget Group has estimated that there will need to be at least 40,000 additional new early years staff to cope with the increase in entitlement in terms of recruitment and retention in the sector.
Will the Minister outline when we can expect the long-term workforce plan for the early years sector, so that we can actually have the staff?
It is no good having this increase in entitlement if there are no staff to look after the children.
The hon.
Lady is right that we need more staff.
I think she refers to the estimate in time for September 2025, rather than for the first part of the roll-out in April, which is part of the reason for the current recruitment campaign.
We are pleased to have already seen a 4% increase in the number of staff.
I welcome the fact that the Government are rolling out the biggest ever investment in childcare in England.
Will my hon.
Friend outline how much the average working family will benefit from the extended childcare entitlements?
My hon.
Friend is right that it is the biggest expansion of childcare provision in history.
By the time the roll-out is complete in September 2025, it will save the average family up to £6,500 a year in childcare costs.
Many of us tried to warn the Government that this would be like Help to Buy, pushing up demand without tackling supply.
Numbers matter in this sector, and it is 313 days since the policy was announced and just 70 days before it is due to be implemented.
There have been 30 separate questions in this place about the staffing shortfall, and none of them has been answered.
There are two children chasing every registered place, and only two local authorities have actually agreed the rates.
It is little wonder that parents are frustrated.
Will the Minister set out, here and now, the staffing shortfall in terms of delivering the two-year-old offer in April?
Will he tell us what it is, and will he tell us when he expects to close it?
As I have already said, the roll-out is based on—
What are the numbers?
The hon.
Lady cites the figures for September 2025, not for April.
I am confident that, in April, she will see that we have the staff available for the roll-out.