The hon.
Lady cites the figures for September 2025, not for April.
I am confident that, in April, she will see that we have the staff available for the roll-out.
I declare an interest as the father of two wonderful children, Charlotte and Persephone, who go to nursery in this very place and will benefit from the new proposals.
The UK has a declining birth rate—on average, 1.92 children per woman—and we clearly need more children.
Time and again, when surveyed, women who want more children say that they are not having more children because they cannot afford it.
I thoroughly welcome the money that has been announced, but what more is being done to support parents who say they want more children but cannot afford to have them?
That could perhaps include looking at the tax rate.
I hope Charlotte and Persephone enjoy their nursery provision here, which I am sure is among the 96% of early years providers that are good or outstanding.
My hon.
Friend is right that childcare is one of the biggest financial challenges facing families today, which is why we are pleased to save them so much money.
I am happy to continue the conversation about what else he thinks should be done to support families.
The shortfall in childcare providers is a serious issue for constituents in Putney.
Eastwood Nursery School, the last remaining state-maintained nursery in my constituency, is under immediate threat of closure.
It provides training for childcare providers across the constituency, as well as excellent early years education.
Does the Minister support state-maintained nurseries?
Will he meet me to talk about the future of Eastwood Nursery School?
We certainly support state-maintained nurseries, which play a vital role in the sector.
I would be delighted to meet the hon.
Lady to discuss that particular case.
I praise the Minister for being on top of his brief and for ironing out some of the misunderstandings flying around today.
Is it not the case that, as others have said, the challenges of rolling out this offer sit within the broader context of the ongoing workforce challenge?
Today I spoke to a provider that has 42 settings and is not able to fully staff a single one of them.
I know the Minister is doing a lot of work on this, but will he say a little more about how he plans to meet that workforce challenge with his recruitment drive?
I thank my hon.
Friend, who has also done a lot to champion the sector and to raise awareness of the challenge it faces.
He is right that we need to get more people into the workforce, particularly for the September 2025 roll-out.
That is what the recruitment campaign and the changes we made to the early years foundation stage are all about.
We listened to providers on the flexibilities that might make their lives easier and delivered almost everything they asked for, in the hope that it will help them with recruitment and retention.
I recently visited the Ryton Willows Montessori nursery in my constituency, where its manager explained her concerns about the impact of the change on her, and about how she was going to make the sums add up financially and provide an excellent service.
We have heard that the final figures are not available; when will they be available?
Will the Minister undertake to review the figures to see that they meet the needs of the sector?
We set our rates by conducting a survey of 10,000 providers, in order to understand the costs they face and set the rates accordingly.[Official Report,  30 January 2024 , Vol.
744, c. 9MC.]
Last November, we delayed publishing the rates a bit, in order that we could provide more money to take account of the Government’s near 10% increase in the national living wage.
We believe we are getting them right in relation to what people are paying, but if the hon.