In Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire, we are looking forward to electing our first Mayor in a few weeks’ time, especially with the £1.5 billion of funding for transport improvements.
How do we ensure that that money is spent on improving our road links, fixing potholes, improving railway lines and so on, and is not lost in the creation of a costly administrative third tier of local government?
We have provided additional funding to councils in the east midlands to set up the new local authority, so any additional funding through Network North will not be consumed by that.
It is a fantastic opportunity to get my hon.
Friend  the Member for Mansfield (Ben Bradley)  elected as the East Midlands Mayor.
I am sure that he will focus on exactly the priorities my hon.
Friend  the Member for Amber Valley (Nigel Mills)  mentions.
I call the Chair of the Levelling Up, Housing and Communities Committee.
One of the better aspects of devolution so far, which might actually work, is the trailblazer projects that have been rolled out in the west midlands and Greater Manchester.
One of the key elements of those projects is having a single pot of money.
I have repeatedly asked whether it is the intention to roll devolution deals out to the other combined authorities, and I have been assured that it is.
Why, then, in the first iteration of what a new devolution deal might look like, have South Yorkshire, Merseyside and West Yorkshire been told that a single pot of money will not be included in the devolution deal?
Why are the Government backtracking on the commitment to give those areas a full devolution deal, not a devolution-minus deal?
We have invited the combined authority areas that the hon.
Gentleman mentions to progress to level 4 devolution, which as he rightly says does not come with a single settlement.
It is something that we are still considering, and when we see it in action in the west midlands and Greater Manchester we will be able to assess its value for money and whether it is delivering for people there.
I assure him that this is not devolution-minus; we are giving devolution-plus to communities the length and breadth of the country.
I am a big supporter of devolution to city regions such as Greater Manchester, and I welcome a number of the  Government’s proposals to shift even more powers and responsibility from this place to the combined authority and Mayor, but does the Minister understand the disappointment of Greater Manchester MPs of all political persuasions in the proposals for greater scrutiny by MPs?
One question at meetings, with a supplementary at the discretion of the chair, just does not cut it.
I held a session for Greater Manchester MPs on the scrutiny protocol.
I cannot remember whether the hon.
Gentleman was there, but I am happy to hold a further session with him.
The scrutiny protocol is not yet in place; it is a work in progress, which we are trying to establish in partnership with MPs.
We want to know what would work well for MPs in the scrutiny sessions.
I call the shadow Minister.
Last week, the Secretary of State told the Business and Trade Committee that he hoped that the long-delayed inquiry that he commissioned into Teesworks and the Tees Valley Mayor will be published soon, and that he would not “pre-empt it”.
The report was promised in July, then November, then December.
It is now January.
Where is it?
The hon.
Lady should know that the ministerial code means I am recused from matters relating to my constituency.
However, I would simply say to her when she wants to criticise Ben Houchen that he is one of the most effective Mayors we have had.