Friend the Member for South Leicestershire, I met informally with Councillor Louise Richardson, the cabinet lead on health, last week.
I call the shadow spokesperson.
First, Mr Speaker, may I echo the comments made by the Secretary of State in relation to the late Tony Lloyd, who will be greatly missed in all parts of the House?
As we have heard from the shadow Secretary of State, the whole country has been levelled down since 2010 at an average rate of £10,200 per person.
That is a damning indictment of this Government, but with about 1,300 projects funded by the future high streets fund, the towns deals and levelling-up funds, that decline should, in theory, not have happened.
How many of those projects have now been completed and what evidence does the Department have that those projects have contributed to reducing regional inequalities?
The evidence of the reduction in regional inequalities is perhaps most marked in Teesside and the Tees valley where the Conservative Mayor Ben Houchen has been responsible for overseeing an economic renaissance, renewed foreign direct investment, and improvements in public health and education.
The message is clear: if we want levelling up to work, we need to elect Conservative mayors in May.
The Minister will be aware that Labour-run Rotherham Metropolitan Borough Council has recently given the go-ahead for developers to build hundreds of new homes at Highfield Park in Maltby on land that has always been greenfield.
What he might not be aware of is that the developer has given thousands of pounds to the local Labour party, which none of the councillors voting on the issue declared.
What can he do to ensure that such greenfield sites are not wantonly given over to developers?
I am sorry to hear about the challenges that my hon.
Friend has seen in Rother Valley.
It is one reason that more Conservative councillors need to be elected on to Rotherham Metropolitan Borough Council for the future.
We are absolutely aware that there are challenges.
We need to build more houses and in the right place, and the best way to do that is by getting a local plan in place, and by the councils that are responsible for that engaging properly with their communities about it.
My local authority is bending over backwards to try to build social housing and is committed to building 2,000 new homes, yet the Government are still standing in the way by placing restrictions on reinvesting right-to-buy money in building social housing.
Why will the Government not assist local authorities to build those houses?
We have had 14,000 fewer homes a year since 2010.
Does the Minister accept that that is a disgraceful record for the Government?
We always stand ready to work with local authorities of whatever stripe or colour to ensure the delivery of new homes.
As the hon.
Member knows, London is the region of the United Kingdom that has performed worst against its housing targets.
Principally, that is down to the Mayor, not to individual local authorities, so I look forward to talking to him about what more we can do together.
There is a powerful community campaign to stop an asphalt plant being built in countryside in my constituency.
The application has dragged on for years.
Will the Minister look at how applicants and councils can be compelled to provide and process information in a more timely manner, so that such applications do not blight the lives of local people for so long?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that we need decisions at the earliest possible opportunity.
Sometimes that is not possible, but it is important that things are done as quickly as possible.
That is one reason that we announced a few weeks ago that we were monitoring local authorities’ planning application performance, so that can see where they are, and are not, doing the right thing.