We have invested more than £4.8 billion of levelling-up funding directly into communities the length and breadth of the country, and we will continue to do that.
The Minister says “look at the evidence” and I am looking at the evidence—14 years of a Conservative Government, elected on a promise to level up the country, which has left working people worse off.
In Manchester, the average household is over £8,000 a year out of pocket.
Down the road in Burnley, the loss amounts to £28,000.
Will they now listen to our proposals to reform planning, reinstate housing targets and get Britain building again, or will the country have to suffer another final year of failure?
The Labour party has bankrupted Birmingham, and it would bankrupt Britain.
We have made huge progress towards levelling up, including by rolling out gigabit broadband, introducing educational investment in areas, opening new freeports, increasing the national living wage, recruiting more police officers, funding regeneration and community ownership, and devolving more power to local Mayors.
We will continue to level up.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
The European Union has provided greater funding support to economically deprived communities in Scotland than the UK Government have with their mismanaged levelling-up fund.
If Scotland were still part of the EU, we would have been entitled to a multibillion-pound share of the €750 billion NextGenerationEU fund.
Why should Scots be happy with the tiny sliver of Westminster levelling-up funding that we have been given, when Westminster has denied Scotland a share of the far greater opportunity of EU development funding?
I completely reject the hon.
Lady’s assertion.
We have invested £212 million in Scotland through the UK shared prosperity fund so far, £465 million through the levelling-up fund and £18.3 million through the community renewal fund—I could go on, Mr Speaker.
If the hon.
Lady wants to support constituencies in Scotland, she should back our Bill later today.
What steps he is taking to increase the provision of social rented housing.
Our £11.5 billion affordable homes programme will deliver thousands of affordable homes for rent and to buy right across the country.
The levelling-up White Paper also committed us to increasing the supply of social rented homes, and a large number of the new homes delivered through our affordable homes programme will be for social rent.
Local authorities have been stripped of resources for the past 14 years, and even Conservative Members agree with that.
Does the Secretary of State recognise that local authorities and housing associations need certainty and stability over time, so that they have the confidence and security to invest in affordable social and council housing stock, rather than the Conservatives’ last-minute, unplanned changes that wreak chaos and instability?
I certainly agree that housing associations do fantastic work in providing homes for social rent as well as shared ownership homes, and we work in partnership with them.
We are aware of the many pressures they are under.
The hon.
Lady says that they need certainty and stability, but that is why it would be so damaging if there were a Labour Government with their £28 billion black hole, which would mean either more borrowing or tax increases, and higher interest rates for those aspiring to get on the housing ladder.
That is why we should stick with the plan rather than going back to square one.
In my constituency of Suffolk Coastal, Flagship is selling houses to second-home owners.
That is a scandal.
It tries to suggest that it is because it cannot repair them economically, but it is not offering them, first of all, to the local council.
There are restrictions and covenants that could be put in place if these were council houses, but they are not; they are housing association homes.
I would love to meet my right hon.
Friend to discuss this  matter further to make sure that the housing that was originally given to the housing associations stays for local people.