More generally, I understand that the political temperature will rise as we get closer to an election.
I urge all hon.
Members to continue to treat each other with courtesy and respect in the remaining months of this Parliament.
The election seems to have started a little too early.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Education if she will make a statement on her Department’s plans to roll out 15 hours of funded childcare to 2-year-olds in working families from April 2024.
The Government are rolling out the single largest expansion in childcare in English history.
By September 2025, we will provide working parents with 30 hours of free childcare a week from when their child is nine months old, all the way until they start school.
By 2027-28, this Government expect to spend in excess of £8 billion every year on free hours in early education—double the amount we are currently spending.
We are introducing that in phases.
From April, eligible working parents will be able to access the first 15 hours of free childcare each week for their two-year-olds.
In September, they will be able to access the first 15 hours each week for nine-month-olds.
A year later in September 2025, they will be able to access the full 30 hours for all eligible children aged nine months upwards.
We want parents to be able to access the new offer as soon as they can.
Delivering that ambition includes increasing childcare funding rates, with an additional £204 million in this financial year and an additional £400 million in the coming financial year.
We are providing grants to help new childminders enter the sector and, to make it easier for the sector, making changes to the early years foundation stage that it has asked us to make.
We hear every day from families how significant this policy will be for their finances.
Once the roll-out is completed, eligible families will save up to £6,500 per year.
It will help parents to return to work or increase their hours, and tens of thousands of parents have already successfully applied for their codes, ready to take up their places in April.
Parents should visit childcarechoices.gov.uk to see the full range of support they are entitled to.
Regarding tax-free childcare, we will be issuing letters with temporary codes to any parents whose tax-free childcare reconfirmation date falls on or after  15 February  and before  1 April .
That will ensure that any eligible parent who needs a code to confirm their funded childcare place with their provider will have one, and that no parent should worry that they will lose out.
I welcome this opportunity to correct some misleading stories about the childcare roll-out, and to hear from  the hon.
Member for Houghton and Sunderland South (Bridget Phillipson)  about whether she supports our childcare policies, and, if not, what her childcare policies would be.
I am sure Members on the Labour Benches would like to know as much as we would.
In which case, it would have been good to have come forward with a statement, rather than me granting an urgent question.
So, please bear that in mind before you make a comment.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, and thank you for granting the urgent question.
Crumbling school buildings, botched school budgets and now the hat trick: a childcare pledge in tatters because of Conservative bungling.
It is not Ministers, but families across the country paying the price for Tory incompetence.
How did we get here?
A litany of failures: a pledge without a plan and a Department without a grip, led by Ministers without a clue; families without the certainty of a childcare place they were promised by the Chancellor last March; and meanwhile the Department is facing a further £120 million shortfall because of yet another miscalculation.
How are they going to make up that shortfall?