We have introduced national permitted development rights to allow a wide range of existing residential and commercial buildings to extend upwards by up to two additional storeys.
We have also recently consulted on proposals to apply local design codes to those rights and further announcements will be made in due course.
May I urge the Minister to go further and faster on this?
The permitted development rights would create beautiful urban townscapes and unleash the biggest wave of housebuilding in half a century, which would in turn cut housing costs to rent or buy, be greener by allowing people to live within bicycling or walking distance from work and protecting rural landscapes from urban sprawl and, by increasing the development potential of almost any urban building, be the biggest single act of wealth creation in decades.
What’s to dislike?
There is absolutely nothing to dislike, as my hon.
Friend indicates, about speeding up the planning system to ensure we get the houses we so badly need.
As I know my hon.
Friend will appreciate, however, there is always a balance to be struck: we must ensure that we take local people with us, but we are committed to building more houses, and doing so in the right places.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Earlier this month we launched the consultation on Awaab’s law, which insists upon time limits for repairs in the social rented sector.
In the shaping of this law and many other initiatives and interventions to help people in social housing, the example of Tony Lloyd, the late Member for Rochdale, is in all our minds and hearts.
Awaab was one of his constituents, and Tony Lloyd could not have been kinder or more supportive of the efforts of my Department and others to see justice for Awaab’s family.
The household support fund has supported 330,000 households in Liverpool since its introduction.
The focus needs to shift from crisis support to prevention but in the short term the demand for local welfare is rising.
Like many other councils, Liverpool City Council says the household support fund will need to continue beyond March 2024 to keep residents well supported to stay in and enter work and prevent an escalating crisis, reducing pressure on public services including local authorities.
What representations has the Minister made to the Treasury and the Department for Work and Pensions to ensure the continuation of the fund after March?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right: the fund has helped many communities in need, particularly in Liverpool.
He and other Liverpool MPs have been assiduous in making the case for its continuation and I have passed that on to colleagues.
Leicester-shire MPs had plenty of time last week with two Ministers from the Department—the levelling-up Minister and the local government Minister—to discuss the funding and structure of our county council.
To follow up, will the Minister for local government commit to meet the county council leadership to ensure that the funding and the formula that goes with it are improved for the future?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his positive engagement, alongside that of my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Charnwood (Edward Argar)  and my hon.
Friends the Members for Loughborough (Jane Hunt) and for South Leicestershire (Alberto Costa), who came to see me to discuss this issue last week.
I would of course be delighted to meet the leadership of Leicestershire County Council with my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bosworth (Dr Evans)  and his colleagues.
Through the good offices of our hon.
Friend the Member for South Leicestershire, I met informally with Councillor Louise Richardson, the cabinet lead on health, last week.
I call the shadow spokesperson.
First, Mr Speaker, may I echo the comments made by the Secretary of State in relation to the late Tony Lloyd, who will be greatly missed in all parts of the House?