Friend is and continues to be the MP for Erewash.
She can call out all the disasters of the Labour Erewash Borough Council which, as a fellow Derbyshire MP, I see Derbyshire Labour doing regularly all across my county.
It has the wrong priorities and outcomes, and it makes the wrong decisions.
The Minister might know that we have wonderful public green spaces in our country—many of them are around London and in West Yorkshire—but is he aware that the decline of education departments in many local authorities owing to the policies of successive Conservative Governments means that today the ability to organise school trips to green spaces is minimal?
Could we have a policy that allows all our children, of whatever background, to go to and enjoy those beautiful green spaces?
I call the Minister.
Because if they cannot get there to visit them, they cannot love them.
Order.
Mr Sheerman, please do not take advantage of the Chair.
I am trying to bring the Minister in, and I have to get many others in.
You are important, but so are other people.
The hon.
Gentleman should look at the Conservative party’s record on education in over 40 years in government.
There have been substantial improvements in education and teaching, and our children are better readied for the challenges ahead as a result.
What assessment he has made of the potential merits of a four-day working week for local authority employees.
The Government have been crystal clear that we do not support any attempt from local authorities to implement part-time work for full-time pay.
Removing capacity to deliver services to residents is not acceptable.
The Government have taken steps to deter councils from operating such practices, and we will take further steps if necessary.
The Minister only earlier extolled the virtues of devolution.
In fact, page 29 of the 2019 Tory manifesto said that the
“ambition is for full devolution across England, building on the successful devolution of powers to city region mayors”
and others.
How does that laudable aim fit with the Government’s shocking attempts, through threats and bullying tactics, to strangle the ability of local councils such as South Cambridgeshire District Council to trial a four-day week and other money-saving initiatives?
If the hon.
Gentleman can construct an argument for hard-working families across the country —many of whom will be working two or three jobs to  keep a roof over their heads—that five days’ pay and benefits is commensurate with four days’ work a week, I would be interested in hearing it.
I invite him in all seriousness to consider the impact on the public’s perception of the public sector if it is given out that we can afford to work four days a week but still expect and receive five days’ pay.
What steps he is taking to help first-time buyers.
Getting on the property ladder is everything that is important about being a Conservative.
The Government have a range of schemes available to first-time buyers, including the first homes scheme, shared ownership and right to buy.
So far, nearly 900,000 people have been helped on to the property ladder by this Government.
Does the Minister agree that while Labour Members actively block the building of new homes for first-time buyers, the Conservative Government have increased the numbers to a 20-year high and helped almost 1 million households through Government-backed schemes?
I absolutely agree with my right hon.
Friend.
I hope he heard some of the chunters of “Come on!”
from the Opposition Benches when he raised the absolutely correct point that, when the opportunity was there for Labour Members, they flubbed it.
They have blocked 100,000 houses that could be used for first-time buyers, people who need help, and the most vulnerable.
It is all down to  the right hon.
Member for Ashton-under-Lyne (Angela Rayner) .
I thank the Minister for that answer.