It is all down to  the right hon.
Member for Ashton-under-Lyne (Angela Rayner) .
I thank the Minister for that answer.
What discussions has he had with large UK banks, such as Danske Bank in Northern Ireland, to ensure mortgages are made as accessible as possible for first-time buyers, encouraging them to buy, not rent, when they have a steady income?
Further, are there any plans to reintroduce the help to buy ISA?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for his important question.
Getting people on the housing ladder is absolutely vital: that is why we introduced the mortgage guarantee scheme, which extends the number of mortgages that are on the market for those people who need it, including first-time buyers.
I am happy to talk separately to the hon.
Gentleman about other ideas that he may have.
What steps he is taking to reform the leasehold system.
Right now, the Government are taking action with the progression of the Leasehold and Freehold Reform Bill through this place, which delivers on the Government’s manifesto commitments on leasehold reform.
Leaseholders in Leazes Park in Newcastle are having their lives ruined because their supposedly charitable freeholder, the St Mary Magdalene and Holy Jesus Trust, refuses to allow them to extend or buy their leaseholds.
Across the constituency, in a cost of living crisis, my constituents face exorbitant management fees, high costs for fire safety and ever-increasing ground rents.
Can the Minister tell my constituents why, when the Labour party is committed to comprehensive and fundamental reform of the leasehold system as set out by the Law Commission, he has brought forward a leasehold reform Bill that does not actually reform their leaseholds?
The Leasehold and Freehold Reform Bill, which is going through Parliament at the moment—going through in a very constructive way so far, with contributions from Members of all parties, presumably because they recognise the value of the clauses it contains—will make substantive changes for those who have leaseholds at the current time.
We look forward to its continued progress through the House.
I call the Father of the House.
There will be agreement on both sides of the House that reform is needed.
For my part, I welcome the introduction of the Leasehold and Freehold Reform Bill to get people on to modern leasehold and commonhold, and through the Minister, I invite those who are suffering— the hon.
Member for Newcastle upon Tyne Central (Chi Onwurah)  explained that her constituents are suffering—to put their points through MPs to the Department, so that when amendments to the Bill are tabled, as many as possible can be discussed and accepted.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend.
As I and the Secretary of State have said, we are keen to improve the Bill where we can, but it is a substantial Bill that will make substantial changes for people who have needed reform of leasehold for a long time.
What steps he is taking to promote transparency in local government.
Steps are always being taken to improve transparency.
The local government accountability framework and transparency code sets standards for transparency; it mandates the publication of certain information, such as spend.
The Office for Local Government will promote transparency further by providing authoritative local government performance data on the local authority data explorer.
Being a cabinet member in a local council should require the highest level of transparency.
However, I fear that is not always the case when relevant previous criminal and custodial convictions remain hidden.
What advice would my hon.
Friend give council leaders about how to ensure cabinet members are fully transparent about their previous convictions where relevant to their role as a cabinet member?
My hon.
Friend raises an important question.
At the time of appointment, all council leaders should be aware of existing disqualification criteria barring councillors who have been given a custodial sentence of three months or more, or who are registered sex offenders.