I reassure my hon.
Friend that DCMS’s stakeholder engagement includes mayoral strategic authorities, as they will be part of that process.
The better futures fund rightly targets the needs of vulnerable children, and one such group are those who are subject to adoption or kinship arrangements.
Last week the Department for Education announced that it would renew the adoption and special guardianship support fund for one year, but did not say that it would reverse the 40% cuts in per-child funding that were announced in the spring.
Does the Minister agree that reversing those cuts is vital for protecting families and keeping children in adoption arrangements, and will he meet adoptive families from Mid Sussex so that he can better understand the benefits to the Treasury that investing in adoptive families will bring?
The hon.
Member asks about an important matter.
As a constituency MP, I have met families who have an interest in the fund and who are in the process of adoption themselves, so I know on a personal level from my constituency work how important it is.
What the Department for Education was able to announce last week was important in confirming the extension of the fund, which will offer some certainty to the affected families.
I will continue to work with colleagues in the DFE to ensure that we are doing all we can to support those families, who are playing such an important role for their children and for society.
I thank the Minister for a very positive answer and for that commitment.
What steps are being taken and what discussions have taken place to ensure that vulnerable young people in Northern Ireland can benefit fully from the better futures fund, particularly in the areas most affected by educational disadvantage?
We want to ensure that the better futures fund is targeted where it is most needed and that the investment is spent in a way that really improves life  chances, in particular for young people and children who face some of the biggest challenges ahead.
I note what the hon.
Gentleman says about the area he represents and the part of the UK he comes from; it is something we will consider as we develop the details of the fund.
If she will make an assessment of the potential merits of undertaking a zero-based review of all tax reliefs before the autumn Budget 2025.
Tax reliefs are an important feature of the UK tax system, and His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs has invested significant resources in improving understanding of their cost and effectiveness.
Since 2019, it has produced costings for 350 reliefs, including detailed analysis of the 38 largest non-structural reliefs, which cost more than £500 million a year.
The Minister detailed that about 350 reliefs have been assessed, but my understanding is that more than 1,200 tax reliefs are on the books, amounting to hundreds of billions of foregone revenue for the Treasury.
Given that the Treasury examined the spending of all Departments in detail over the summer, I wondered whether it was considering applying the same level of scrutiny to itself.
It is worth noting that some 800 of the 1,200 reliefs the hon.
Member mentions ensure that the tax system operates as intended by defining the scope of tax correctly and that it operates fairly and simply.
I am sorry to disappoint the hon.
Member, but I will not be able to comment specifically on any changes that we may or may not make to tax reliefs—any decisions will, of course, be announced at the Budget, which is not today.
What steps she is taking to reform the financial services sector.
Our financial services growth and competitiveness strategy sets out the Government’s 10-year plan for the sector, making clear our ambition that, by 2035, the UK will be the global location of choice for financial services firms to invest, grow and sell their services throughout the UK and to the world.