I call the Minister—congratulations.
Thank you very much, Mr Speaker.
Through the spending review and the 10-year infrastructure strategy, the Government are funding at least £725 billion of infrastructure over the next decade.
That includes investment in critical assets, such as £24 billion over the next four years to maintain and improve motorways and local roads and £7.9 billion over 10 years to maintain existing flood defences and invest in new ones.
We have also committed to long-term maintenance budgets for public service infrastructure, with £10 billion of funding per year by 2034-35 to maintain and repair our hospitals, prisons, courts, schools and colleges so that providers can deliver cost savings by planning ahead.
The weight limit imposed on the M48 Severn bridge due to the deterioration of its supporting cables is having a big impact on local businesses and farmers who work on both sides of the Severn.
National Highways estimates that it would cost up to £600 million to repair the bridge, with restrictions only postponing the inevitable.
Will the Chancellor meet me to discuss the impacts and commit to providing the funding to get the bridge repaired and reopened for everyone as soon as possible?
As was set out in the 10-year infrastructure strategy, £24 billion of capital funding between 2026-27 and 2029-30 has been allocated to National Highways, which is the organisation responsible for maintaining the M48 Severn bridge.
The funding includes £1 billion to enhance local road networks and create a new structures fund, which will be used to repair a range of key local structures, such as bridges, flyovers and tunnels.
Constituents in Marylebone want to see improvements to the railway engines that go into Marylebone station.
Does the Treasury agree that more work can be done to ensure that the overall investment in those trains is supported by the benefits that accrue across the whole line, all the way down to Aylesbury, as investment in those trains will make a big difference to growth along the whole track?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to highlight the critical importance of investment in our railway infrastructure.
We know that under the previous Government, we had chronic under-investment in the infrastructure across our country, and the railways bore the brunt of much of that neglect.
We are determined to turn that around to ensure that we are investing in railway infrastructure to improve the quality of life for people and drive economic growth right across this country.
What steps she has taken to increase economic growth through the 10-year infrastructure strategy.
What steps she has taken to increase economic growth through the 10-year infrastructure strategy.
What steps she has taken to increase economic growth through the 10-year infrastructure strategy.
Before I start, I quickly welcome my hon.
and learned Friend  the Member for Northampton North (Lucy Rigby)  and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Chipping Barnet (Dan Tomlinson)  to the team.
I also congratulate my hon.
Friend  the Member for Ealing North (James Murray)  on his new position as Chief Secretary to the Treasury.
In response to the questions, I want to be clear that the 10-year national infrastructure strategy is core to delivering this Government’s growth mission to boost living standards.
The strategy will fund at least £725 billion of infrastructure over the next decade and transform how projects are planned and delivered, so that we do not have the cost and time overruns that we became so used to under the Conservatives.
Working with colleagues in Greater Manchester, I have been proud to campaign for greater investment in our public transport infrastructure.
The Government listened and delivered £2.5 billion of funding  for the Bee Network, which will allow us to create the first fully integrated zero-emission public transport system.
Will my right hon.
Friend explain what that will mean for my constituents in terms of jobs, growth and connectivity?
My hon.