On national insurance, we did that in a way that protects the smallest businesses by increasing the employment allowance from £5,000 to £10,500.
That means that 865,000 employers will pay no national insurance contributions at all, and more than half will either gain or see no change.
The national insurance increases in last year’s Budget not only increased national insurance, but impacted on part-time workers, many of whom the hospitality industry relies on.
Hospitality companies in North East Fife have written to me directly, but they have also started to share with their customers the real impact of the cost increases they are seeing.
Does the Minister agree that there has been an impact on hospitality, and will he commit to ensuring that the Chancellor delivers a hospitality-friendly Budget come the autumn?
I thank the hon.
Member for being the first parliamentarian today who has not asked me, “Who will you be backing in the Labour deputy leadership contest?”
I appreciate that very much.
When it comes to small businesses, in particular those in hospitality, overall employment has increased by 380,000 since the Government came to power.
This week, I will be having discussions with members of UKHospitality to think about how we can support the sector more through the changes to business rates announced last year.
We will come forward with more details on that in the Budget later this year.
I am not particularly interested in who the Minister is backing in the deputy leadership contest, but I welcome him to his place.
Lebanese Please is a fantastic restaurant in Weybridge, but like many hospitality companies, it is struggling with the impact of national insurance increases.
If the partly new Treasury Front-Bench team are considering going for a team lunch, I recommend the warm hospitality of Runnymede and Weybridge, where they can see for themselves the impact that this horrid, harmful tax is having on local businesses across the country.
I would not presume to know where the next Treasury ministerial awayday will happen, but perhaps we will have to consider the restaurant in the hon.
Member’s constituency.
He is a strong advocate for the businesses in his constituency.
I hope he knows that I advocated from the Back Benches—and will continue to do so in government—for policies that we can implement to boost economic growth and living standards, so that more people have more money to spend in businesses such as the one he mentions in his constituency.
I have had many meetings with business owners across Wokingham, whether that is world leaders in the defence industry, GP surgeries, medical manufacturers, farmers, hospitality companies or exporters.
It is clear that Labour’s hike to national insurance contributions has created immense financial burdens for those companies.
This policy has prevented many from hiring more staff and devastated their profits, and it is stifling growth.
What steps is the Minister taking to give businesses like those in Wokingham hope that this Government do have their back?
The big picture on all three of those questions is that at last year’s Budget, the Government made the decision to increase national insurance in order to raise £20 billion.
We have put that money into our public services, making sure that waiting lists have fallen pretty much every single month since the election.
That means that we have delivered 4 million more appointments, many more people have been seen, and waiting lists are falling in my constituency and across the country.
That is the difference that this Government are making: we are repairing the foundations, and making sure that we can look after people now and in the future.
This month, we see an expansion of childcare that will benefit families in my constituency to the tune of £7 million, which will go back into their pockets.
What assessment has the Minister made of how that spending power will benefit growth across the economy and productivity?