The Government have made significant commitments on the expansion of international rail services, and we are working closely with the German and Swiss Governments on direct links between our countries.
Work is under way to understand the prospects for expansion of the number of services on the channel tunnel rail link.
I absolutely agree that new opportunities at Ashford and Ebbsfleet have huge potential to help grow the economy, giving more opportunities for people in those communities to access good jobs and other leisure opportunities.
The 52 pubs in my constituency provide vital community spaces, yet they tell me that this Government have hit them disproportionately hard with their increases in employer national insurance contributions, on top of soaring energy prices and as yet unfulfilled promises on business rates.
Ahead of the autumn Budget, will the Chancellor say what measures she will take to protect our local independent pubs and small businesses?
I absolutely recognise that businesses face challenges, but they also have lower borrowing costs because of the five cuts in interest rates, which the Bank of England was able to make because of the stability that we have returned to the economy.
It would be good to have a bit more honesty from political parties.
If they oppose the national insurance increase, then they oppose the extra money for the national health service.
If they stood up and said that, they might get a little more respect and credibility.
In  Macclesfield we are lucky to have a thriving life sciences sector.
At AstraZeneca, we have 5,000 people employed in well-paid jobs across the pharmaceutical value chain.
What are the Treasury and the Government doing to ensure that we take advantage of the innovation we produce here in the UK for the benefit of our local life sciences economies?
My hon.
Friend is a proud advocate for his constituents in Macclesfield and is doing great work to bring more investment into the local area.
Life sciences is one of the eight sectors that this Government, as part of our modern industrial strategy, are championing.
That is why we put record investment into research and development in the spending review earlier this year, and why we are supporting our universities to help create more spinouts to ensure that we can have more  home-grown British businesses, as well as backing the big businesses, such as AstraZeneca, that operate in his constituency.
Given that the Government are considering a dramatic increase in the landfill tax, how does the Chancellor think that this country will build the 1.5 million homes we need by the end of the Parliament if we add £24,000, on average, to the average house price?
How will that help my constituents to get a home?
There is a consultation going on and I welcome the hon.
Gentleman and others feeding into that.
However, if he is serious about backing the builders and not the blockers, why do the Liberal Democrats fail to support the Planning and Infrastructure Bill, both here and in the other House?
As the sixth richest economy in the world, we should not have 4.5 million children living in poverty.
The former Prime Minister Gordon Brown has proposed raising £3 billion by looking at reforming gambling taxation.
Will the Chancellor consider undertaking those reforms so that we can end the epidemic of child poverty?
The issue of child poverty is incredibly important to this Government, and the child poverty taskforce will report later this year.
I would like to add that this is an important personal issue for me: I grew up in family with very little money and I received free school meals as a child.