Having carpet-bombed the private sector with extra taxes, will the Chancellor rein back the splurge of unproductive public spending that she let rip last year?
The only person that carpet bombed our economy was Liz Truss and the Conservative party.
The hon.
Gentleman supported Liz Truss in leadership contest and throughout her time—
indicated dissent.
He says he did not, but he served in her Cabinet, so I will take no lectures from Conservative Members.
The country will have heard what the Leader of the Opposition said today: she was talking down our economy in a desperate attempt to get attention.
The truth is, as Members on the Opposition Benches know, that that is not serious and it is irresponsible.
The only thing in Britain that needs a bail-out is the Tory party—from its failed leadership.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help increase economic growth through reforms to the planning system.
In the spending review, we put significant money into building more houses as part of our commitment to build 1.5 million homes during the course of this Parliament.
The Planning and Infrastructure Bill is currently making its way through the House of Lords, but more than 600 amendments have been tabled to it, mainly by peers from Opposition parties.
The Labour party and this Government back the builders, whereas the Opposition parties back the blockers.
They are stopping young people getting on the housing ladder, stopping renewable energy being built and stopping the transport infrastructure that we desperately need to be built.
Instead of opposing and tabling amendments, the Opposition parties should back that Bill so that we can get Britain building.
I have been banging the drum for some time now that Ilford is the best place to live, and with four Elizabeth line stations, that has never been more true than now.
Barking and Dagenham council and Redbridge council are both capitalising on ambitious regeneration plans, like the developments at Billet Road and Padnall Lake.
What are the Government doing to encourage businesses to seize on this investment by making investments of their own, backing Ilford, its community and its economy?
I thank my hon.
Friend for everything that he is doing to champion Ilford South and to bring more investment into his local community.
It is great to have Labour councils working with a Labour Government to bring investment to local communities through housing and, crucially, through infrastructure—the schools and the doctors’ surgeries—that go alongside that new housing, so that we build not just homes but communities.
As the Chancellor tries to cut through the bureaucratic red tape around planning outlines, can she undertake that, if successful over the course of the next six to 12 months, she will share that success with the other regions and nations in the United Kingdom, so that we can all benefit from simplified planning procedures, which will bring benefits for all our constituents?
Over the summer, I had the opportunity to spend some time in Belfast, where I visited Thales, the defence manufacturer, and Studio Ulster, where I saw some of the fantastic work in the creative industries.
I also had the opportunity to talk about some of the  blockers to growth.
We need to better reform our planning system, not just in England but in Northern Ireland and Scotland as well, so that we can get things built in Britain again.
People are crying out for hope.
Growth offers hope and investment offers hope, and that is what this Government offer too.
I call the Chair of the Treasury Committee.
I welcome my right hon.
Friend’s commitment to the hope of decent homes.
In my constituency, children and families are leaving in droves and schools are closing because of a lack of properly affordable housing.
She knows, as I do, that whatever we do in planning, without the skills that we need to build those homes, there will be a block there.