I am also pleased that the treaty continues to include that unfettered access.
I hope that the Minister, when he comes to reply, can explain what discussions he has had with all the elements of the Chagossian community.
The last thing we want to see is division in a community that has suffered so much, and deserves so much decency and recognition.
If the Chagos islands in their entirety are not passed over to Mauritius and Mauritian sovereignty, there are two consequences.
First, there will be even greater dishonesty than we thought there was in 1975, and secondly, Britain will be in breach of an ICJ judgment.
If that is what people want—if that is what Conservative and Reform Members want—so be it, but they would be acting illegally by hanging on to the islands.
BIOT will go, and there will be Mauritian sovereignty over the whole area.
I supported the principles behind the marine protection zone, although I did not support the no-take element that was included at the beginning.
I wanted Chagos islanders to be able to return to the archipelago, and to undertake sustainable fishing and so on.
I am assured that the Mauritian Government support and recognise the need to preserve the pristine beauty of the ocean around there.
I am less convinced that the military and the United States forces are equally committed to the preservation of the natural world and the environment.
The record is not good—not perfect.
I hope that the Minister, when he comes to reply, can assure us that there will be proper inspection, not just of the outer islands, but of the seas and the land of Diego Garcia.
It is wrong that the islanders were removed.
It is right that they have an opportunity to return, which is what they have always campaigned for.
I find it unfortunate beyond belief that they will only be allowed to visit Diego Garcia.
Imagine if we could only visit the home where our parents lived, or the graves where many of our relatives had been buried.
There is an emotional relationship there that will be broken by the refusal of the right of abode in future.
I understood from previous discussions with the Minister and others that there could be a possibility of the return of a right of abode.
I am not sure; maybe he can reply to that.
Am I happy about there being a huge military base on Diego Garcia?
No.
Am I happy about the rhetoric that has been used in this debate, which seems to be cranking up the idea of yet another cold war, when we should be looking for a world of peace, rather than one of war?
I find that depressing, and not really fit for this debate.
There is a right of people who live under colonisation to achieve their independence.
That was achieved by Mauritius, but it was thwarted in 1965.
By agreeing now to return all the islands and the archipelago to Mauritius, we are completing a process that should have taken place in 1965, prior to Mauritius’s independence in 1968.
Had that happened, and had there been no separation and creation of BIOT in 1965, we would not be having this debate today, because the issue would simply not have arisen.
Ordered,
That Chris Elmore, Samantha Dixon and Jeff Smith be discharged from the Committee of Selection and Lilian Greenwood, Nesil Caliskan and Gen Kitchen be added.—(Sir Mark Tami, on behalf of the Committee of Selection.)
The Chancellor of the Exchequer was asked—
How much capital funding she plans to allocate for the maintenance and repair of critical infrastructure in the next five years.
I call the Minister—congratulations.
Thank you very much, Mr Speaker.
Through the spending review and the 10-year infrastructure strategy, the Government are funding at least £725 billion of infrastructure over the next decade.