Heathrow execs have been clear that they are not going to fully fund it themselves.
This Government back a third runway at Heathrow.
We are a country that is open to global trade and investment—we have done three trade deals with countries around the world and have secured £120 billion of inward investment.
Heathrow Airport Ltd and others have now put forward a bid to build the third runway, and have been very clear that they will be investing in the infrastructure to make that possible.
I welcome investment into Britain, and I hope that parties all across the House will do the same.
If the Chancellor is looking for some quick-win infrastructure projects that will unlock economic growth, I recommend taking a look at a passing loop on the South Fylde line, which would better connect trains to employment and education sites through more reliable services.
It would also act as a boost for the tourism industry on the Fylde coast; people across Lancashire—maybe from other great towns such as Chorley—like to visit Lytham St Annes and the Fylde coast, and would be able to do so on half-hourly rail services.
Will the Chancellor take a look at that fantastic opportunity to boost economic growth in Lancashire and the Fylde?
I have huge respect for the hon.
Gentleman, and no one in this House would want to do anything to upset Mr Speaker.
I am very happy to look at investment opportunities in the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency and right across Lancashire, including just up the coast in Blackpool, where we put in significant investment at the spending review earlier this year to build the housing and infrastructure our country desperately needs.
I call the shadow Minister.
The Chancellor once claimed that she had a plan for fixing the foundations with infrastructure at the very heart.
Now, through a consultation that the Government hoped nobody would notice, she has found a way to tax the foundations.
By looking to impose a new levy on quarries, Labour could add billions of pounds more to the costs  of infrastructure projects across the country.
That cannot be right.
Can the Chancellor please provide the construction industry—the very people who will grow our economy—with an assurance that this proposed builders tax will not go ahead?
The Government are currently consulting on a landfill tax.
It is a consultation, and it is open for comments from right across industry, but this Government are investing in infrastructure.
Compared with the plans that we inherited, which would have seen capital investment fall as a share of GDP, we are instead putting an additional £120 billion in, as well as £70 billion through the National Wealth Fund.
Crucially, that is leveraging in private sector investment in transport infrastructure, including roads, railways and airports, and digital infrastructure.
We are growing the economy—a far cry from what the Conservatives did in their 14 wasted years.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of changes to employer national insurance contributions on economic growth.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of increases in employer national insurance contributions on businesses.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of changes to employer national insurance contributions on economic growth.
Minister, welcome.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
The immediate task facing the Labour Government was to take action to stabilise the public finances and invest in our public services.
On national insurance, we did that in a way that protects the smallest businesses by increasing the employment allowance from £5,000 to £10,500.
That means that 865,000 employers will pay no national insurance contributions at all, and more than half will either gain or see no change.
The national insurance increases in last year’s Budget not only increased national insurance, but impacted on part-time workers, many of whom the hospitality industry relies on.