The markets will be closed soon.
I call the Minister.
I am grateful for the lecture, but I note that it was the Conservatives who introduced the bank levy.
The Government are committed to responsibly promoting the growth and competitiveness of the sector, and of course we keep the bank tax regime under review.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Sorry, Mr Speaker, bear with me. [
Laughter.]
This Government are committed to growing the economy, and we were the fastest-growing economy in the G7 in the first half of this year.
We have done three trade deals and cut interest rates five times—and I did not even need my notes to remember all that.
New polling by the Trades Union Congress shows that the public overwhelmingly support packages of taxes on wealth, on banks and on gambling companies.
It also found that 74% of 2024 Labour voters who are now leaning towards Reform back those measures.
Will the Chancellor commit to protecting working people from higher taxes on their income by ensuring that wealth pays its fair share, rather than imposing cuts and regressive measures?
In the Budget last year, we got rid of the non-dom tax status, we put up capital gains tax, we started treating carried interest as income—not as capital gains—we introduced new taxes on private jets, we put VAT and business rates on private school fees and, of course, we changed the rules around agricultural property relief so that people who have farms worth more than £3 million will pay inheritance tax, although at half the rate that everybody else does.
We took a number of measures last year to ensure that the wealthy pay their fair share.
Some countries around the world do have a wealth tax, but countries like Switzerland, for example, do not have inheritance tax.
I think it would be a mistake to get rid of inheritance tax and replace it with an unproven tax without knowing what revenue it would bring in.
I call the shadow Minister.
May I welcome the new members of the Treasury team, with their courage in joining it?
I also do so for the shadow Chancellor of the Exchequer, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Central Devon (Sir Mel Stride) , who cannot be with us today.
May I particularly welcome the new Chief Secretary, who replaces the old Chief Secretary,  the right hon.
Member for Bristol North West (Darren Jones) , who is now another new Chief Secretary?
Earlier this year, Labour made a mess of its welfare reform proposals because they were rushed out to help plug a £5 billion gap in public finances.
The result was chaos and a humiliating reversal for the Chancellor.
Welfare spending is too high—it does need reform—and today the Leader of the Opposition has pledged Conservative support to help the Government to develop a thoughtful plan on welfare reform.
Will the Chancellor take up this offer of support?
Order.
I remind the shadow Minister that it is topicals for everybody.
While the Leader of the Opposition is talking down the British economy, we are setting our sights on growing the economy and making working  people better off.
No, we will not be taking any advice from the Leader of the Opposition, who was part of a Government who crashed the economy, sending mortgage rates spiralling and putting pensions in peril.
I fear that the Chancellor’s dismissive response fails to acknowledge either the serious state of public finances or the serious difficulties of her own position.
Having extended economic uncertainty until just before Christmas, will the Chancellor at least confirm that the November Budget will include savings from welfare reform?
In the Universal Credit Act 2025, which passed before the summer recess, we reformed the universal credit system to reduce the gap between what people on the health element and those on the standard element got.