Friend was saying about investment incentives, and I hope he might come up with some clever idea that we could put into practice once he has produced his report.
On the main point about whether we have learned all the lessons from M&S, I certainly think we have.
I have read Archie Norman’s evidence to the Committee, and I hope that M&S has also learned the lessons that he laid bare.
I hesitate in trying to make too immediate a connection between one case and another, because as my right hon.
Friend will know, I do not want to prejudge what has happened in this particular set of circumstances.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I welcome the Minister to his new role.
There has been a spate of cyber-attacks on important UK companies such as Jaguar Land Rover, on supermarkets and on the Legal Aid Agency.
What are the Government doing to restore public and, just as importantly, international trust in the UK’s cyber-security networks?
Do the Government think that the attacks have come from overseas?
That is the second time I have been asked whether this attack has come from overseas, although I suppose that is a slightly different question from one about state actors.
Again, I am not going to prejudge the investigation—I can tell that the hon.
Gentleman knows that, because he is smiling.
He referred to UK companies, but were I speak to any of my counterparts in Europe, or in most countries in the world, I would find that they are going through exactly the same issue.
Qantas, Pandora, Adidas, Chanel, Tiffany & Co., Cisco—all those companies have had major attacks over the past months, and unfortunately that is simply a part of modern business.
It is a despicable practice and a set of criminal actions.
We must prosecute those who are responsible and ensure that they go to jail for a very long time, so that we can protect our industry in the UK, and co-operate with other international agencies to ensure that we do the same around the world.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend and neighbour  the Member for Widnes and Halewood (Derek Twigg)  on securing this urgent question.
I used to represent the Halewood plant until boundary changes, and hundreds of my constituents work at that plant, with many more working in supplier companies.
They are at home and being paid at the moment, but The Sunday Times reported that prospects of a quick end to the saga are limited, and that the worldwide shutdown is costing £72 million a day in lost sales.
Despite requests, local MPs have had no meaningful information from the company, although we have a 30-minute Zoom call on Friday, which is a start.
What can the Government do to ensure that this disaster is brought to a close as soon as possible?
These attacks threaten our economy and our national security, so what help can the Minister offer the company and my constituents at this worrying time?
Things do not seem to be getting any better.
I pay tribute to my right hon.
Friend for all the work that she and I did together, particularly on space, in my old job and in hers.
She was an excellent Minister to do business with, and I slightly fear having her on the Back Benches as she is a very redoubtable person.
Many suppliers, including Evtec, WHS Plastics, Sertec, OPmobility and a series of others, are in an even more complex situation than Jaguar Land Rover, and I will try to co-ordinate the activity that we are doing in our Department to ensure that we provide every possible support to them.
I note the tone in which my right hon.
Friend said that MPs were getting a half-hour Zoom call on Friday.
I will try to ensure that all MPs get the support they need, so that they can do the job of reassuring their constituents.