That is the difference that this Government are making: we are repairing the foundations, and making sure that we can look after people now and in the future.
This month, we see an expansion of childcare that will benefit families in my constituency to the tune of £7 million, which will go back into their pockets.
What assessment has the Minister made of how that spending power will benefit growth across the economy and productivity?
The investment that this Government are making in childcare, which will increase the number of hours available to families with children aged nine  months or older, is the right investment in the future.
It is an investment in those children and an investment in making sure that parents can return to work, so that we can improve productivity in our country and have more people who are able to get back to work and enjoy the benefits that that can bring.
UK business confidence has hit a 12-month high, according to the latest figures from Lloyds Banking Group.
Does the Minister agrees that this is due to the work of this Labour Government, not least the five consecutive interest rate cuts and the three new trade deals?
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight the fact that we have had five interest rate cuts since the election.
That has reduced the cost of mortgages for families up and down the country, and reduced the cost of borrowing for businesses that are thinking about investing.
It is good to see that there is more investment coming both domestically and internationally, particularly as a result of our investment summit that I was pleased to attend last year.
When I was elected for the first time last year, my constituents told me that they wanted this Labour Government to rebuild our public services, which is what our tax changes are delivering.
Does the Minister agree that Opposition parties, of whatever colour, want the benefits of our investment in public services but are not willing to take the tough decisions to deliver them?
Yes, I agree strongly with my hon.
Friend that Opposition Members continue to will the ends—they want the spending on public services—but are not willing to come forward with a plan for the means and the money to invest in our public services so that we can change things for people up and down this country.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
The jobs tax has hit small businesses the hardest, with statistics from the Office for National Statistics showing that vacancies among small businesses alone have dropped by 18%.
This proves that the jobs tax is not only crushing growth but crushing opportunity, especially in hospitality.
Have Treasury Ministers commissioned their officials to look at any of the fairer revenue raisers that we Liberal Democrats have put forward—such as taxes on the banks, the tech companies or the gambling companies—in order that the Treasury could scrap the jobs tax at the next Budget?
When the Liberal Democrats were last in government, they made the decision to whack up VAT on businesses, whereas this Government are doing all we can to reform business rates so that retail, hospitality and leisure industries can get the support that they need from the business rates system.
The national insurance changes that were made last year protect the smallest businesses, with many seeing lower business rates or not seeing increases.
If she will meet farming representatives to discuss the potential impact of changes to agricultural property relief and business property relief on farmers.
If she will meet with representatives of the farming industry to discuss the potential impact of changes to agricultural property relief and business property relief on that sector.
If she will meet with representatives of the farming industry to discuss the potential impact of changes to agricultural property relief and business property relief on that sector.