In fact, the report validates the Government’s position.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
We Liberal Democrats oppose the family farm tax, but in the spirit of constructive opposition, last November I recommended and requested that Ministers look at the idea of a family farm test, such as the ones used in France and Ireland.
Such a test would ensure that they could close the loophole on big equity companies exploiting land, but it would not cover family farms in the process.
Since I raised that suggestion last November, have Treasury Ministers asked officials to look at it?
As is the normal process in developing any policy, we consider a range of options, but we have decided that this gets the balance right: raising revenue in a fair way while offering generous reliefs within the agricultural property relief and business property relief system.
Let me just say that, when I heard the hon.
Lady stand up and begin a sentence with, “We Liberal Democrats oppose”, I was hardly surprised.
What recent assessment she has made of the potential impact of levels of Government debt interest payments on public finances.
What recent assessment she has made of the potential impact of levels of Government debt interest payments on public finances.
We are investing in Britain’s future and putting in place the plans needed to get Britain building again after 14 years of Tory failure.
Since the election, we have had five interest rate cuts, wages have risen more in the first 10 months of this Labour Government than they did in the first 10 years of the previous Conservative Government, and we are the fastest growing economy in the G7 in the first half of this year.
I thank the Chancellor for that response.
This year, interest on debt is expected to total £111 billion, which is 8.3% of total public spending.
What are the Chancellor’s plans to rebuild confidence in the gilt market, and how confident is she that we will not be reliving the worst bits of the 1970s?
The best way to make sure that we continue to have confidence in the gilt markets is to keep the Tories and Liz Truss as far away from running the economy as possible.
We have brought stability back to the economy, and there have been five cuts in interest rates.
This is in sharp contrast to the disaster of Liz Truss and the clown show that we witnessed at the Reform conference at the weekend.
Those two parties would lose control of spending, and push up mortgage costs and inflation.
They have done it before, and they would do it all over again.
So why does the Chancellor think that the United Kingdom is being charged more in interest even than Greece?
The spread on our gilts over the central bank rate is lower in the UK than it is in Greece, so maybe the right hon.
Gentleman should look again at his evidence.
The truth is that we have had five cuts in interest rates since this Government came to office.
We are paying high levels of interest on the debt, but the debt was accrued by the Conservative party, which destroyed our economy and public services all at once.
We are fixing the mess that the Conservatives left.
The trust of financial markets depends not just on the policy of the Government today, but on whether we keep that trust tomorrow.
The Opposition squandered that trust when they were in government by trying to push through tax cuts that they could not afford—that the UK could not afford.
Does the Chancellor agree that Labour, too, has to resist the temptation to duck the tough choices on spending, which would not only risk economic stability but hold back growth?
I very much agree with my hon.
Friend.
That is why we published the spending review earlier this year.