Can the Minister reassure us that the Department has learned those lessons?
Can he reassure us that Jaguar Land Rover is having that two-way dialogue, and that someone is in the cab with it at the moment?
We want to make sure that is the case.
As I have said, I have spoken to Jaguar Land Rover, and I intend to have a further meeting with the chief executive later this week, though he is departing in November.
Two new Ministers from the Department for Business and Trade are here.
Our job and our absolute determination is to ensure that business can flourish in this country, because in the end, business largely pays the bills, keeps the lights on, keeps the NHS functioning, and keeps everything going.
That is why we are determined to have a strong working relationship with businesses, in this and many other areas.
We have heard from my hon.
Friends and the Minister how wide the impact of the cyber-attack has been, across the economy.
Hon.
Members have mentioned the national security threat.
The Minister gave evidence to the Joint Committee on the National Security Strategy in his previous role, and spoke about his confidence in the “robust” contingency plans in place for critical national infrastructure, to quote a phrase he used.
To what extent does he have the same confidence when it comes to cyber-attacks?
The evidence that my hon.
Friend mentions related to subsea cables, for which I think the situation is robust.
In fact, we had another cut to one of the subsea cables during the summer months; it was,  I think, repaired within eight days.
We are one of the best countries in the world at repairing subsea cables, but we are also one of the more vulnerable countries, because we are an island nation.
I assure him that we three Ministers—the Under-Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Vale of Glamorgan (Kanishka Narayan) , the Minister for Security and me—will apply exactly the same diligence and lack of complacency to this issue as to the issue of subsea cables.
I thank  the hon.
Member for Widnes and Halewood (Derek Twigg)  for seeking and securing this urgent question.
It is good to see the Minister in his place, with his perennially cheerful, Tiggerish demeanour, following the reshuffle.
In the royal town of Sutton Coldfield, we are extremely concerned about this incident.
The Minister mentioned WHS Plastics, which is based in Minworth in my constituency.
I spoke to the chief executive yesterday in some detail; he has 2,000 employees and eight plants, and the vast majority of his business goes to Jaguar Land Rover.
The Minister will know that throughout the west midlands, there are probably more than 200,000 people in the supply chain who are directly affected, and I understand that all the factories globally have been shut down.
May I ask two questions to the Minister and support what was said by the Chair of the Business and Trade Committee,  the right hon.
Member for Birmingham Hodge Hill and Solihull North (Liam Byrne) ?
First, can we have an absolute assurance that we will have full help from all the relevant agencies of the state, and that they are seriously and 100% engaged in all this?
Secondly, will the Minister press for maximum transparency, so that the staff who are being sent home in very large numbers, and who are naturally very anxious and worried about this issue, can be reassured to the greatest extent possible?
Yes, all the agencies will be engaged to the fullest possible extent.
As the Chair of the Business and Trade Committee said, we will bend over backwards and do everything we possibly can to ensure that this issue gets resolved as soon as humanly possible; I do not want to say when that will be, because I simply do not know.
If  the right hon.