artificial intelligence in political advertisements by requiring such advertisements to include a statement within the contents of the advertisements if generative AI was used to generate any image, audio, or video footage in the advertisements, and S. 3897, to require the Election Assistance Commission to develop voluntary guidelines for the administration of elections that address the use and risks of artificial intelligence technologies. SR-301 10:30 a.m. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Business meeting to consider S. 4066, to improve Federal technology procurement, S. 3015, to amend title 5, United States Code, to address telework for Federal employees, S. 4043, to amend title 5, United States Code, to make executive agency telework policies transparent, to track executive agency use of telework, S. 3810, to prohibit conflict of interests among consulting firms that simultaneously contract with the Government of the People's Republic of China and the United States Government, S. 2492, to amend title II of the Social Security Act to improve coordination between the Do Not Pay working system and Federal and State agencies authorized to use the system, S. 4181, to require the development of a workforce plan for the Federal Emergency Management Agency, S. 4035, to require the Director of the Office of Personnel Management to take certain actions with respect to the health insurance program carried out under chapter 89 of title 5, United States Code, H.R. 6249, to provide for a review and report on the assistance and resources that the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency provides to individuals with disabilities and the families of such individuals that are impacted by major disasters, H.R. 5528, to require the Director of the Office of Management and Budget conduct a review to determine the impact of the lowest price technically acceptable source selection process on national security, an original bill entitled, ``DHS Better Ballistic Body Armor Act'', and an original bill entitled, ``Cross Border Aerial Law Enforcement Operations Act''. SD-342 2 p.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs To hold hearings to examine strengthening American competitiveness, focusing on the roles of the U.S. International Development Finance Corporation, Export- Import Bank, and Millennium Challenge Corporation. SD-138 2:30 p.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2025 for the Department