Malheur County, Oregon, S. 2020, to amend the Oregon Resource Conservation Act of 1996 to reauthorize the Deschutes River Conservancy Working Group, S. 2042, to amend the Sloan Canyon National Conservation Area Act to adjust the boundary of the Sloan Canyon National Conservation Area, S. 2136, to require the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture to convey certain Federal land to the State of Utah for inclusion in certain State parks, S. 2149, to sustain economic development and recreational use of National Forest System land in the State of Montana, to add certain land to the National Wilderness Preservation System, to designate new areas for recreation, and an original bill to release from wilderness study area designation certain land in the State of Montana, to improve the management of that land. SD-366 Committee on Indian Affairs To hold hearings to examine S. 616, to amend the Leech Lake Band of Ojibwe Reservation Restoration Act to provide for the transfer of additional Federal land to the Leech Lake Band of Ojibwe, S. 1898, to amend the Northwestern New Mexico Rural Water Projects Act to make improvements to that Act, and S. 1987, to provide for the settlement of the water rights claims of the Fort Belknap Indian Community. SD-628 Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship Business meeting to consider S. 38, to amend the Small Business Act to codify the Boots to Business Program, S. 77, to reauthorize the State Trade Expansion Program of the Small Business Administration, S. 609, to establish a pilot program awarding competitive grants to organizations administering entrepreneurial development programming to formerly incarcerated individuals, and other purposes, S. 673, to allow nonprofit child care providers to participate in certain loan programs of the Small Business Administration, S. 936, to amend the Small Business Act to include requirements relating to graduates of career and technical education programs or programs of study for small business development centers and women's business centers, S. 943, to increase the minimum disaster loan amount for which the Small Business Administration may require collateral, S. 1156, to establish an Office of Native American Affairs within the Small Business Administration, S. 1345, to amend the Small Business Act to enhance the Office of Credit Risk Management, to require the Administrator of the Small Business Administration to issue rules relating to environmental obligations of certified development companies, S. 1352, to amend the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 to improve the loan guaranty program, enhance the ability of small manufacturers to access affordable capital, S. 1370, to reauthorize and limit the pre-disaster mitigation program of the Small Business Administration, S. 1396, to improve commercialization activities in the SBIR and STTR programs, S. 1402, to require the Administrator of the Small Business Administration, in consultation with the Under Secretary of Commerce for Minority Business Development, to establish a grant program to create or expand programs at minority-serving institutions and historically Black colleges and universities that promote minority business ownership and entrepreneurship, S. 1458, to require the Administrator