MEETINGS SCHEDULED JULY 12 Time to be announced Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Business meeting to consider the nominations of Gwynne A. Wilcox, of New York, to be a Member of the National Labor Relations Board, Loren E. Sweatt, of Virginia, to be a Member of the National Mediation Board, and other pending calendar business. S-216 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the nomination of General Randy A. George, USA, for reappointment to the grade of general and to be Chief of Staff of the Army. SD-G50 10 a.m. Committee on the Budget To hold hearings to examine protecting Social Security for all, focusing on making the wealthy pay their fair share. SD-608 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Business meeting to consider the nominations of Anna M. Gomez, of Virginia, Geoffrey Adam Starks, of Kansas, and Brendan Carr, of Virginia, each to be a Member, and Fara Damelin, of Virginia, to be Inspector General, all of the Federal Communications Commission, Alvin Brown, of Florida, to be a Member of the National Transportation Safety Board, and routine lists in the Coast Guard. SR-253 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine certain pending nominations. SD-226 2 p.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Business meeting to consider the nominations of Philip Nathan Jefferson, of North Carolina, to be Vice Chairman, and Lisa DeNell Cook, of Michigan, and Adriana Debora Kugler, of Maryland, both to be a Member, each of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. S-216 Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe To hold hearings to examine supporting a democratic and secure Moldova. CHOB-210 2:30 p.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Subcommittee on Economic Policy To hold hearings to examine bank mergers and the economic impacts of consolidation. SD-538 Committee on Energy and Natural Resources Subcommittee on Public Lands, Forests, and Mining To hold hearings to examine S. 636, to establish the Dolores River National Conservation Area and the Dolores River Special Management Area in the State of Colorado, to protect private water rights in the State, S. 912, to require the Secretary of Energy to provide technology grants to strengthen domestic mining education, S. 1015, to require the Secretary of Agriculture to convey the Pleasant Valley Ranger District Administrative Site to Gila County, Arizona, S. 1088, to authorize the relinquishment and in lieu selection of land and minerals in the State of North Dakota, to restore land and minerals to Indian Tribes within the State of North Dakota, S. 1254, to designate and expand wilderness areas in Olympic National Forest in the State of Washington, and to designate certain rivers in Olympic National Forest and Olympic National Park as wild and scenic rivers, S. 1405, to provide for the exchange of certain Federal land and State land in the State of Utah, S. 1622, to discourage speculative oil and gas leasing and to promote enhanced multiple use management of public land and National Forest System land, S. 1634, to provide for the designation of certain wilderness areas, recreation management areas, and conservation areas in the State of Colorado, S. 1657, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain land to La Paz County, Arizona, S. 1760, to amend the Apex Project, Nevada Land Transfer and Authorization Act of 1989 to include the city of North Las Vegas, Nevada, and the Apex Industrial Park Owners Association, S. 1776, to provide for the protection of and investment in certain Federal land in the State of California, S. 1890, to provide for the establishment