In the course of the work I have done, I have not only spoken to groups in Scotland, but engaged with the Scottish Government’s Health Minister on this matter.
On the pace of the payments, IBCA has taken a test-and-learn approach, which allows it to deal with a sample of the cases and then subsequently to scale up.
IBCA is operationally independent, but I stand ready to provide all the support I can to speed up the payments.
My constituent Hazel, from Street, was infected with hepatitis C in the 1970s after receiving blood products following the birth of her child.
She suffered years of ill health and related problems, and is still waiting for the infected blood compensation scheme.
Her case is truly heart- breaking, so what assurance can the Minister provide to people like Hazel that they will soon be supported?
First, I express my sympathy and, I am sure, that of the whole House to Hazel in respect of what she has been through.
The assurance I give is that this Government will act at pace.
That is what we did in putting the first set of regulations in place by  24 August  last year and by putting the second set of regulations in place by  31 March  this year.
I continue to stand ready to help and support IBCA, which is operationally independent, in any way that I can to speed up the payments.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to reform public services.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to reform public services.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to reform public services.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to reform public services.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to reform public services.
This Government believe in the power of good public services to provide security and opportunity, but we are clear that the way in which the state works has to change.
That is why we are reforming the planning system to get more houses built, why we have introduced free breakfast clubs to give children the best start to their day, why we have launched the AI action plan to drive the adoption of new tech in public services, and why a combination of investment and reform has helped us to cut NHS waiting lists for months in a row.
Labour was elected to get the NHS back on its feet, and that is exactly what we have been doing.
At Sandwell and West Birmingham hospitals NHS trust in my area, the waiting list has fallen by 10% since the election, which means that patients are finally getting the treatment they need.
One of the key things we have been doing is to look at things such as ambient AI to automate doctors’ notes and ensure that we have modern technology in the NHS.
Will the Minister set out what we are doing to ensure that the NHS adopts all technology and reform to ensure that patients are being seen as quickly as possible?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
There is huge potential to increase NHS productivity through the adoption of new technology and AI.
As I have said, the combination of investment and reform has helped us meet our election pledge to deliver 2 million extra NHS appointments in England in the first year seven months early, but we want to go further.
We want to adopt the technology to which my hon.
Friend has referred to get maximum productivity and better outcomes for patients.
I thank the Minister for his response.
I have been contacted by a constituent who is concerned for his poorly elderly father, who requires cryotherapy.
That service used to be offered at his local GP, avoiding a difficult trip to our local hospital, which would have a deleterious impact on his father’s already poor health.