I am pleased to inform the House that I will shortly be opening the UK Resilience Academy, which will be an important resource in training public servants for a range of potential emergencies.
I am sure the Minister will agree that the diversity of those in positions of responsibility across all areas of UK Government and public institutions is key to maintaining confidence among the British public that the Government are working for all of us.
Diversity is important across all the various equality  strands as well as the various geographical areas of the UK’s nations and regions.
Will he detail what work has been done to review the diversity of public appointments in the UK and to maintain and improve that diversity, particularly in view of the changes proposed to public bodies?
Merit will always be the primary consideration in any appointment, but diversity is important, and we are not giving up on it.
We want to see a public service that looks like the country and speaks with all the accents that make this country a great place.
The Parliamentary Secretary, Cabinet Office, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Queen’s Park and Maida Vale (Georgia Gould)  recently spoke at the civil service social mobility conference to bring home that message, which will reflect what we do on public appointments.
I call the shadow Minister.
Will the Paymaster General give us an update on his negotiations with the European Union?
He has not updated the House since the beginning of February, and there has been much speculation in the press.
Will he take this opportunity to rule out dropping the right to annual quota negotiations on fishing?
We will negotiate in the interests of our fishers and understand and implement our marine protection rights.
As I am sure the hon.
Gentleman will understand, I will not give a running commentary on the negotiations, but we are clear that we will negotiate in the national interest and in line with the manifesto that the Government, with 411 Members of Parliament, were elected on.
The whole House will have heard the Minister fail to rule that out.
It was good to hear the Prime Minister recently praise the Brexit freedom to regulate as we wish on artificial intelligence; will the Minister assure the House that EU AI rules will not be applied to Northern Ireland?
Again the hon.
Gentleman comes with his questions on the reset.
We have had an atmosphere of collegiality, and I want to join in by agreeing with the Leader of the Opposition that the previous Conservative Government left the EU without any plan for growth.
That is absolutely true.
The hon.
Gentleman should follow the public debate on this issue.
Major retailers including M&S, Sainsbury’s, Morrisons and Lidl all support this Government’s approach in the reset to get a sanitary and phytosanitary agreement.
The hon.
Gentleman should back that approach; otherwise, people will rightly conclude that he and his party have learned nothing.
rose—
Order.
I say to those on the Front Bench that we only got to Question 8 earlier because we were slow.
Now we are in topicals, and I really want to get in all the Members who did not get in earlier.
Will the Minister join me in congratulating the seven schools in my constituency that launched breakfast clubs this week?
Does she agree that breakfast clubs are a fantastic example of this Government’s plan for change and reform of public services in action?
I am pleased to hear about the seven new free breakfast clubs in Carlisle, and I am delighted that Brent Knoll school in my constituency also has a new free breakfast club.
With our plan for change, we will give children the best start in life, breaking down barriers to opportunity and putting money back in parents’ pockets by saving them up to £450 with the roll-out of free breakfast clubs.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.