I will find out exactly where we are with this matter and then write to the right hon.
Member.
Under the Windsor framework, the Government, through the Cabinet Office, regularly supply data to the European Union about the number and type of checks conducted at the Irish sea border, but they refuse to provide that data to Members of this House.
When I was a Member of the Northern Ireland Assembly and the oversight of those checks lay with the local Department, I was able to acquire that, but now that it is under the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, Members who ask those questions get a refusal of an answer.
Why is that?
I am perfectly happy to look into the matter that the hon.
and learned Gentleman raises.
On the UK-EU reset, I very much hope that if the Government are able to secure a sanitary and phytosanitary agreement that they will reduce the number of checks on the Irish sea.
The 36th anniversary of the Hillsborough disaster came and went over the recess, when we also saw in the media rumours that the Government are considering watering down their proposed Hillsborough law.
Can the Minister explain the Government’s thinking?
I pay tribute to the Hillsborough families and those who have campaigned over so many years.
The Government are committed to bringing in a   Hillsborough law, but it is also important that we work closely with the families to ensure that we get it right, and that is precisely what we will do.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Foreign Secretary if he will make a statement on the talks held yesterday in London on the war in Ukraine.
I thank the right hon.
Lady for her question and for the Opposition’s continued support for the united position that we take in our iron-clad support for Ukraine.
We remain fully committed to working with Ukraine and our international partners to secure a just and lasting peace.
Our support for Ukraine is iron-clad.
Representatives of the United Kingdom, France, Germany and the United States convened in London yesterday, with Ukraine, for another round of intensive talks, following up on the meeting in Paris last week.
All parties reiterated their strong support for President Trump’s commitment to stopping the killing and achieving a just and lasting peace.
The talks were productive and successful, and significant progress was made on reaching a common position on next steps.
All agreed to continue their close co-ordination and look forward to further talks soon.
There was an E3 statement on this just last night.
The Foreign Secretary had bilateral discussions with Foreign Minister Sybiha, and he remains in close contact with his ministerial counterparts.
To give further details of the discussions would only benefit Putin, as I hope the right hon.
Lady understands.
We condemn Russia’s brutal missile and drone attacks on civilians, including overnight.
Our thoughts are with the victims and their loved ones at this tragic time.
They were absolutely horrific scenes, and they came on the back of shocking scenes not only in Kyiv but in Kryvyi Rih, Sumy, Marhanets and many other locations across Ukraine in recent days.
I remind the House that, while Ukraine has been in peace talks, Russia has continued these severe attacks, including last night.
That is a stark reminder of the continued bloodshed and aggression perpetrated by Putin.
I witnessed myself the terrible situation in Kyiv when I visited just weeks ago; there were attacks on Bucha of all places just hours before I arrived.
Indeed, this is about not just the killings but the continued shocking abductions of children and attempts to wipe out Ukrainian culture.
Putin’s demands remain undiminished.
We are very clear about that.
President Zelensky has shown his commitment to peace.
President Putin must now agree to a full and immediate ceasefire without conditions, as Ukraine has done.