This House is always at its most united and its most passionate when we are talking about the need for a just peace in Ukraine, so can I ask the Minister very delicately whether he is convinced that all our international allies understand that for a peace to be lasting, it has to be just?
I think that is well understood, and it is a point that we continue to underline in all of our conversations, whether across the Atlantic, across Europe or with other parties internationally.
It is why we have supported the important work on the special tribunal on the crime of aggression; it is why we are supporting action on justice for crimes that have potentially been committed in Ukraine; and it is why we are continuing to support key institutions within Ukraine on these issues and have worked within the Council of Europe on these issues, too.
We have been very clear that justice must come alongside sustainability and Ukraine’s ability to deter future aggression and of course to defend itself and its people right now.
The assistance that we have provided to our friends in Ukraine has included firefighting equipment, along with training on the use of that equipment.
The devastation that took place overnight demonstrates that that assistance is still inadequate, so will the Minister undertake to review with the fire service Minister,  the hon.
Member for Nottingham North and Kimberley (Alex Norris) , what extra provision we can provide?
If we cannot provide anything, will he reach out to our international partners to encourage them to supply equipment, so that the fires can be brought under control and people’s lives saved?
The hon.
Member raises an important issue, and I know the huge support that has gone in.
Indeed, I worked with colleagues on some of that in the previous Parliament.
One of my friends in Ukraine was called up as a military firefighter in responding to some of those attacks on the cities.
The need is huge, and we have been giving a huge amount of support on reconstruction, energy infrastructure and other issues.
I am happy to look at the issues he raises and to see whether there is more we can do in that regard.
Pope Francis described pride as the most devious of sins, but I wonder if we can be granted a little bit of indulgence and the Minister can take some pride in colleagues from across the House joining the fine group of those who have been sanctioned by Russia.
However, those who are doing the hard yards are in Ukraine.
Can the Minister assure us that he believes that the United States still believes in Ukraine’s territorial integrity, for which those brave Ukrainians are fighting?
I have been clear that we are working closely with President Trump and the United States, our European partners and others.
I refer the hon.
Member to the comments I made just a short while ago in response to the shadow Foreign Secretary.
We are clear that Ukraine must be at the heart of these negotiations.
That is why we are working closely with the United States, with our European partners and, crucially, with Ukraine.
That was exactly what was happening in the technical talks yesterday here in London.
On Tuesday, I asked the Defence Secretary what our red lines would be at yesterday’s peace talks regarding any peace proposal from the US that required Ukraine to cede any of its sovereign territory to Russia.
I did not receive an answer.
Yesterday, US Vice-President J.D. Vance told reporters:
“Now, of course, that means the Ukrainians and the Russians are both going to have to give up some of the territory they currently own.”
Can the Minister now state that the Government will not support any US proposal that sees Russia make territorial gains at the expense of Ukraine upon any permanent cessation of hostilities?
The hon.