Most importantly, citizens are having to tell their story to and share data with multiple services, which causes confusion.
We are working very closely with the new digital centre of government on this, and we have an action plan to address it.
However, I always welcome new ideas, because this could be really transformative for citizens.
Too often, when I am trying to get to the bottom of problems for my constituents in Ribble Valley, I get responses to written questions saying that Ministers just do not have the data available.
I applaud the Government for putting data at the heart of their plans, but I worry that we could get too carried away with looking at AI solutions before we get to solutions for actually collecting data in the first place.
Could the Minister reassure me on how we are working with local government to make sure we are collecting data from all possible sources in one place to start with, before we get to how we can make that more efficient?
The two issues are completely linked.
To use the opportunities of AI, which are enormous, to personalise services and target prevention, we need to have a clear data picture.
We need to be able to bring data together across different levels of Government.
There is a huge amount of data in Government, but some of it is stuck in legacy systems and not shared properly.
This is the absolute bedrock of the opportunity around AI, so it is something we are very committed to, especially working with local government.
I call the shadow Minister.
I hope to continue the positive cross-party approach to this question.
I particularly like the Minister’s commitment  to a clear data picture.
The Sullivan review into Government data was published in March this year, and Professor Sullivan made 59 recommendations to ensure that across Government accuracy and consistency are maintained.
I do not expect the Minister to have a full formal response to that review today.
However, can she reassure me that the Government will issue a full formal response to the review and its recommendations to provide that clear data across Government within, say, a year of the report’s publication?
I appreciate this collegiate style of discussion.
There is a huge amount to do here.
When we came into power, we set out, as I said, a review of the picture that showed just how hard it is for citizens to negotiate.
When moving home, one has to announce it to 10 different organisations using different public services, sometimes 40 different services, so we need to change.
We have not waited for the review.
We have already set out our own plans, but we will of course respond to external reviews that come forward.
What steps he is taking to reform the civil service.
Let me thank the thousands of diligent and hard-working civil servants who are dedicated to making people’s lives better.
We want to get the best for civil servants and out of civil servants, so we are reforming the structure and the focus so that it is better placed to fulfil that purpose.
That includes a number of important steps in recent weeks: robust performance management; better use of digital tools; faster recruitment; cuts to some wasteful spending; and a review of the arms-length body landscape, including the changes announced on NHS England, to return both power and responsibility to elected representatives.
I thank the Minister for his response and I am perfectly happy to accept the diligence of the civil service.
Regardless, every two years a third of the civil service change their Department and countless more change to unrelated policy roles within each Department.
Under the previous Government, policy expertise was completely hollowed out from the civil service.