We are very clear about that.
President Zelensky has shown his commitment to peace.
President Putin must now agree to a full and immediate ceasefire without conditions, as Ukraine has done.
We will not stop in our efforts to work with all parties to that end.
For all the talks taking place, it is concerning that a clear and unified front in support of Ukraine, to support a peace on its terms, has yet to emerge.
The Minister mentioned the E3 statement on yesterday’s talks, but it consisted of three sentences stating that the talks were productive and successful, and that significant progress was made in reaching a common position on the next steps.
Will he tell us exactly what was productive and successful about the talks, what those next steps are, and whether Ukraine is in agreement?
Were security guarantees for Ukraine discussed, and was progress made  on agreeing what they will be?
Was the UK’s long-standing position of supporting Ukraine’s accession to NATO discussed?
Following the abhorrent missile strike in Kyiv last night, which killed more innocent civilians, does the Minister believe that Putin is committed to a just and fair end to this conflict?
Can the Minister confirm whether the status of Crimea and other Ukrainian territories invaded and occupied unlawfully by Russia was discussed and what the UK Government’s position is?
The UK was the strongest advocate for Ukraine regaining all the territory taken by force by Putin and for Putin to lose this war.
Is that still the case?
There is much debate about the initiatives to end the war by negotiations, but we cannot forget that this war was started by Putin—a murderous, vile autocrat who is being propped up by an axis of authoritarian states trying to extinguish democracy on our continent, and by those who are opposed to our values, including China, North Korea and Iran.
We need the Government to leverage British influence in every way possible for Ukraine.
Our Ukrainian friends are on the frontline, battling an attempt to reshape the whole international order by force.
I condemn the sanctioning of 15 Members yesterday by Russia.
To those colleagues, I say this: it shows that you are on the right side of history and that we must always stand up to tyranny.
UK sanctions on Russia must stay in place.
What is the Government’s position on applying secondary sanctions, and when will the billions of pounds of proceeds from the sale of Chelsea FC be made available for Ukraine?
Can the Minister explain why the Government’s £2.26 billion loan to Ukraine, backed by the profits of sanctioned assets, is being paid over three years rather than in full now?
Finally, what more can the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office do to mobilise British technology, which could be cheaply and quickly applied to adapt Ukraine’s military efforts?
I thank the right hon.
Lady for her questions and for her continued support and unity on these issues.
It is crucial that we send a signal not only to our friends in Ukraine but to Putin—that this House will not be divided on these issues.
We are united in our support for Ukraine, and I can reassure her of our absolute commitment to Ukraine.
Indeed, there has been extensive ministerial contact over recent weeks.
I met Minister Sybiha in Turkey a week or so ago, and the Foreign Secretary was with him yesterday.
Contact remains at every level.
The right hon.
Lady asked a number of specific questions.
I am afraid that I cannot go into the detail of yesterday’s discussions, for reasons that she will understand.
I know she has a job to do in holding us to account on that, but it is really important that we allow those technical talks to go on at that level between the principals, and she will understand why that is necessary.
I agree completely with the right hon.