Yesterday, US Vice-President J.D. Vance told reporters:
“Now, of course, that means the Ukrainians and the Russians are both going to have to give up some of the territory they currently own.”
Can the Minister now state that the Government will not support any US proposal that sees Russia make territorial gains at the expense of Ukraine upon any permanent cessation of hostilities?
The hon.
Member will understand that, like the Defence Secretary, I will not be drawn on the detail of the discussions yesterday.
The only person that that would benefit is Vladimir Putin.
We have been clear that we share the United States’ desire to bring this barbaric war to an end.
Ultimately, though, it is for Ukraine to decide its future.
Our position on that has not changed, and that is why we are working closely with Ukraine, our international partners and others to end the bloodshed and suffering caused by Russia.
We are clear on who the aggressor is in this situation.
We will continue to stand iron-clad with Ukraine.
I have nothing new to say about this, but since I was one of those included yesterday in the list of those who were no longer welcome in the Kremlin—not that I had thought I ever would be—I feel compelled to place on record that my determination to oppose and expose the brutality and illegality of Vladimir Putin and his Government is greater today than it was yesterday.
Can the Minister do what he can to make sure that our resolve in this House is heard in the Kremlin and also, if necessary, in the White House?
I am absolutely sure that the voices in this House are heard across the world.
I have no doubt that the Kremlin is watching what is being said.
Again, I condemn the sanction against the right hon.
Member and other Members across the House.
This terrible aggression by Russia and by Putin has often had the exact opposite effect of what he intended; it has strengthened NATO unity, and we have new members of NATO, increased defence spending, increased resolve, increased unity, and increased willingness to stand with Ukraine not just now but 100 years into the future.
That is the message that we continue to send from this House and that we continue to send from our allies.
It is the message that we must continue to send.
At the London talks, did the Government have the opportunity to discuss with allies the deployment of 155 members of the Chinese People’s Liberation Army in support of Russia against Ukraine?
I am not going to get into the detail of the talks yesterday, but I will make it clear to the hon.
Member that we are acting robustly against third-country support for Russia’s illegal war, including through our sanctions.
We did so in relation to a series of matters, including the support of military industrial companies and others.
The Foreign Secretary raised concerns with his Chinese counterpart on China’s supply of equipment to Russia and the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea’s relationship with Russia.
We engage very closely on third-country support, in whatever form that takes, and we are not afraid to take action where that is necessary.
I welcome the UK Government’s recent commitment to strengthening their energy partnership with Ukraine, which is crucial for Europe’s energy independence.
I recently visited Urenco’s Capenhurst site, where an advanced nuclear fuels facility is being developed—a market that is currently dominated by Russia.
Could the Minister outline how the UK Government are advancing this technology and what it means for the UK’s energy partnership with Ukraine?
Diolch yn fawr; I appreciate the hon.
Lady’s interest in these issues and her support.
We have been doing a huge amount with Ukraine to support its energy sector against the terrible attacks that have been taking place, but we have also been working on how we might co-operate together on energy in the future.