I thank the Minister for her reply and for the excellent work she has done in putting together the procurement strategy.
It has been a passion of mine for many years that we do not use procurement just to get extra social value but extra economic value, which will help local firms and local growth.
That is what this statement does, and I hugely welcome it.
May I ask the Minister whether she intends to issue guidance to local authorities so that they know how best they can achieve economic value?
For example, they could proactively tell small firms what contracts are coming up or train them in how to tender, which is very difficult for them.
They could also encourage small firms to break procurement into lots, so that they have a better chance of bidding.
Finally, they could stop requiring an unreasonable number of years of accounts to be shown before small firms are permitted to bid.
The Minister for the Cabinet Office was asked—
What recent progress he has made on the infected blood compensation scheme.
What recent progress he has made on establishing an infected blood compensation scheme.
The infected blood scandal is the worst medical scandal in the history of our NHS, and the infected blood compensation scheme was set up to provide some small measure of justice to victims and their families.
We have set aside £11.8 billion for victims, and since the scheme became law on  31 March , the Infected Blood Compensation Authority has the powers it needs to press ahead and make payments to those eligible for compensation.
The compensation payments began last December, and 69 people have accepted their offers, totalling more than £71 million.
My constituent, who is 77 years old, is a victim of the infected blood scandal.
He is worried that haemophilia patients infected with hepatitis are being sidelined by the compensation scheme.
He tells me that he was told those on the special category mechanism with hepatitis C would be upgraded to the same level as those with cirrhosis, but that position has now been reversed.
Will the Minister look into my constituent’s concerns about disparities for haemophiliacs infected with hepatitis?
I will certainly write to my hon.
Friend on the issue of the special category mechanism.
I reassure her that the Government’s objective is for all victims of the infected blood scandal to be able to achieve the compensation that they deserve.
My constituent, Mr Alan Kirkham, has been badly affected by the infected blood scandal.
He was infected with hepatitis C from a blood transfusion  in 1983.
I met Alan recently, and he has been campaigning for justice for years.
Will the Minister welcome and pay tribute to the work of campaigners like Alan?
Can he provide assurances that we are working at pace to deliver compensation?
Will he consider fast-tracking older and more vulnerable people?
I will certainly pay tribute to Alan and to the work of all campaigners over decades.
I am restless for progress, and I will support the Infected Blood Compensation Authority to deliver compensation as quickly as possible.
On fast-tracking for specific claimants, last week IBCA set out details of how it is prioritising claims from infected people nearing the end of their life.
What direct discussions has the Minister had with people in Scotland who have been impacted by the infected blood scandal about the slow pace of compensation payments?
In the course of the work I have done, I have not only spoken to groups in Scotland, but engaged with the Scottish Government’s Health Minister on this matter.
On the pace of the payments, IBCA has taken a test-and-learn approach, which allows it to deal with a sample of the cases and then subsequently to scale up.
IBCA is operationally independent, but I stand ready to provide all the support I can to speed up the payments.