I am pleased to hear about the seven new free breakfast clubs in Carlisle, and I am delighted that Brent Knoll school in my constituency also has a new free breakfast club.
With our plan for change, we will give children the best start in life, breaking down barriers to opportunity and putting money back in parents’ pockets by saving them up to £450 with the roll-out of free breakfast clubs.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Warm words about a reset in UK-EU relations are no longer enough.
The summit that will take place in London on  19 May  is an opportunity for real action.
Will the Minister take the opportunity that the summit presents to commit to bringing in a UK-EU youth mobility scheme that will boost economic growth and enhance chances for young people in our country and across the EU?
A youth mobility scheme is not part of our plans.
We have always said that we will listen to sensible EU proposals, but we will not go back to freedom of movement.
Where I do agree with the hon.
Lady is on concrete proposals and concrete progress on  19 May .
We are looking to secure a new partnership with the EU that will make our country safer, more secure and more prosperous.
Teesside has enormous potential for AI investment.
What progress are the Government making on AI growth zones, AI adoption and investment for Teesside?
AI is a huge opportunity for the UK.
The AI opportunities action plan was a statement of our ambition to make the UK a world leader in AI.
We launched an expression of interest on AI growth zones and have received more than 200 responses.
The first such zone has already been announced at Culham, home to the UK Atomic Energy Authority.
We have recently found out that portraits and paintings of Elizabeth I, Sir Walter Raleigh and William Shakespeare are among 69 pieces of artwork that have been removed from No.
10, No.
11 and across the Government estate.
Does this not make a mockery of the Government’s St George’s day celebrations this week?
They are more interested in chasing the latest woke trends than celebrating the history and heritage of this great country.
I have already said that we want a public service that reflects all the great accents that make this country such a great place.
We celebrate our history, and I warmly wish the hon.
Member—a day late, I admit—a very happy St George’s day.
As we approach the eighth anniversary of Grenfell, there is still no justice for the bereaved and survivors, but we do now have a Government response to the national inquiry.
Grenfell campaigners have been clear with me that they want to see the promised changes implemented, but they are sceptical, given previous failures of the state to learn the lessons from past disasters.
Does the Minister agree that as part of, or alongside, the very welcome commitment to a Hillsborough law, there should be a national oversight mechanism to ensure that when inquiries are set up, they lead to meaningful change?
My hon.
Friend is a powerful advocate on this issue.
It is incredibly important that the Government are held to account for the implementation of inquiry recommendations.
It is why the Government have already committed to establishing a publicly accessible record of recommendations made by public inquiries since 2024.
We will ensure that becomes standard practice in the future.
We are also considering wider reform of the inquiries landscape.
Press reports earlier this week indicated that negotiations with the EU around security and defence were to be linked to the review of the trade and co-operation agreement, in particular in relation to access to fisheries.
May I invite the Paymaster General to confirm to the House that those reports are not true and that there will be no linkage between those two important negotiations?