We are also considering wider reform of the inquiries landscape.
Press reports earlier this week indicated that negotiations with the EU around security and defence were to be linked to the review of the trade and co-operation agreement, in particular in relation to access to fisheries.
May I invite the Paymaster General to confirm to the House that those reports are not true and that there will be no linkage between those two important negotiations?
There is no such link, and the right hon.
Gentleman knows that the current arrangements will come to an end in 2026.
We will negotiate in the interests of our fishers and are looking at our responsibilities to the marine environment.
It is right that the Government have ensured that funding is in place to compensate victims of the infected blood scandal, but many of them, particularly those in my constituency, are still concerned that the process is taking too long.
Will my right hon.
Friend say a little more about what we are doing to speed up getting compensation to those victims?
My hon.
Friend is a powerful advocate for her constituents.
The Infected Blood Compensation Authority is of course operationally independent, but I stand ready to take all the steps I can to ensure that compensation is made as soon as possible.
Payments to the infected started at the end of last year; payments to the affected will start by the end of this year.
It is every British citizen’s right to vote, and voter turnout is one demonstration of public engagement with politics.
Will the Minister consider scrapping photo voter ID, so that the 777,000 people who said that was the reason they did not vote at the last general election will be able to exercise their right to vote at the next general election?
As we set out in our manifesto, the Government are committed to encouraging participation in our democracy and believe that it is unacceptable when legitimate voters are prevented or discouraged from voting.
Although we have no plans to remove the voter ID rules, at the elections in May the veteran card will be accepted for the first time, and we are conducting a thorough review of the voter ID rules, evaluating how they impacted citizens at the general election.
Too many Government Departments and public bodies have foreign-made tableware purchased with British taxpayers’ money.
May I invite the ministerial team to make a commitment to ensure that every Department replaces its foreign-made table set with a British-made one—preferably from Stoke-on-Trent?
We know of the brilliant craftsmanship of the Stoke-on-Trent industry.
We are committed to supporting British businesses and ensuring that they have the best chance of winning public contracts.
Our new national policy statement asks contracting authorities to maximise spend with small and medium-sized enterprises and to support our industrial strategy.
During the last Parliament, I made a submission, on behalf of the National Association of Retired Police Officers, for a medal to be issued in recognition of the service given by those injured on duty and invalided out of the service.
That had the backing of the then Policing Minister, and I understand it also has the backing of the current Policing Minister, but it has now disappeared into a black hole in the Cabinet Office.
Will the Minister please dig it out, dust it off and give it a fair wind?
I will find out exactly where we are with this matter and then write to the right hon.
Member.
Under the Windsor framework, the Government, through the Cabinet Office, regularly supply data to the European Union about the number and type of checks conducted at the Irish sea border, but they refuse to provide that data to Members of this House.