One of the most powerful reminders of that is a picture that I have in my office painted by one of the children, who was thankfully  returned, but sadly there are still far too many children who have been taken by Russia.
I look forward to working with my hon.
Friend on this important issue, and I am very happy to discuss the event that she suggested.
If the Government could persuade the Nobel peace prize committee to give the award to Donald Trump on condition that he stops siding with the aggressor against the victim, does the Minister think that American policy might revert to one of NATO deterrence, which prevented world war three for half a century after the end of world war two?
The right hon.
Gentleman, who I know well, will know that that is a matter for the Nobel committee, and not for me.
I do not recognise his characterisation.
We are working closely with the United States, Ukraine and all of our European partners to secure a just and lasting peace for Ukraine.
We are very clear about who is on the side of peace—us—and who is on the side of war: Vladimir Putin.
Members across this House who have been sanctioned by Putin and his flunkies should wear that as a badge of honour.
It indicates just how Putin and his flunkies feel about the prospect of Russian assets being seized.
Will the Minister update the House on the progress made in moving from freezing to seizing Russian assets to strengthen the hand of our brave Ukrainian allies?
I condemn the sanction against the hon.
Lady, and against other colleagues in the House.
We have been very clear that Russia must pay for the damage it is causing in Ukraine and the destruction that it has wrought on the Ukrainian people and industries.
I saw some terrible examples of that when I visited just a few weeks ago.
I have spoken about the importance of the extraordinary revenue acceleration scheme and the moneys that are now available to Ukraine.
The Government continue to work closely with allies on the issue that the hon.
Lady references.
I had extensive discussions with my G7 counterparts and others about considering all possible lawful avenues for making Russia pay for the damage it is causing, and we will update the House in due course.
I thank the Minister for his statement.
I also thank  the right hon.
Member for Witham (Priti Patel)  for her statement, because it is important that this House speaks with one voice on this really important issue.
On Tuesday, I asked a question to the Secretary of State for Defence about the changing nature of warfare.
The Minister raised the terrible image of controllers for computer game systems being used as weapons.
Has he had conversations with NATO partners and allies about the changing nature of warfare, and will that be fed into the strategic defence review?
We certainly have had those conversations, and we have them regularly.
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that point.
The Minister for the Armed Forces is here with me; we regularly discuss these issues.
I am sure all that will be considered as part of the strategic defence review.
My hon.
Friend rightly points out the efforts we are making to deny Russia any  of the nefarious means it uses to prosecute its horrendous war in Ukraine.
We have taken very specific action on some of those matters today, and we will continue to consider further measures.
I welcome the words of the Minister, and the UK Government’s steadfast support for Ukraine, and for further promoting European security.
Will he say a little more about how he is working across Government Departments to support the efforts of civil society and businesses in the UK to ensure that, at every level, we offer the greatest support possible to Ukrainians?
I point my hon.