I thank the Minister very much for his answers to those questions.
The reform of public services is important, and I welcome the ideas he has put forward.
I know he has a deep interest in Northern Ireland.
Is it possible on his journeys to Northern Ireland—I understand that he goes regularly —for him to discuss the reform of public services with the Northern Ireland Assembly and the relevant Minister to ensure that we can have the same benefits that come from what he is putting forward today, thereby improving services and saving money at the same time?
It is important that we have good dialogue between all the devolved Governments and the UK Government.
I believe that we do have that good dialogue in place at the moment.
There are always different political parties represented around the table, and people will come at things from a particular angle, but when it comes to this kind of agenda, the questions are: how do we get the best value for money for people, how do we get waiting lists down, and how do we make sure that the taxes that people pay get the best possible public sector productivity?
There is a common agenda there, and I see no reason why we cannot keep working productively together on that.
What steps he is taking to strengthen emergency preparedness.
What steps he is taking to strengthen emergency preparedness.
The Government are introducing a range of measures to strengthen our emergency preparedness.
We hold regular cross-Government planning exercises for a range of scenarios.
Later this year, we will undertake a pandemic response exercise, and we will also undertake a national test of our emergency alert system.
Next week, my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster will open the new UK Resilience Academy, which will train over 4,000 people a year.
I thank the Minister for her response, and I particularly welcome the proposed test of the emergency alert system.
The demise of landlines and the switch off of the public switched telephone network means that residents—particularly those in areas that suffer prolonged power outages, such as parts of my Carlisle constituency—now rely on their mobile phones more than ever in emergency events.
Does the Minister share my desire to see Ofcom expedite its work on the radio access network resilience project so that we can move towards a position where the networks put in place emergency generators to switch the masts back on in the event of a prolonged power outage?
This is an issue that I recognise, and I reassure my hon.
Friend that my colleagues in the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology are working very closely with telecoms companies and Ofcom to ensure that consumers are protected throughout  the public switched telephone network migration.
As she mentioned, that will include provisions to protect access to emergency services during power outages.
Local resilience forums such as Northumbria LRF and Durham and Darlington LRF, which cover my constituency, play a very important role in identifying potential risks and supporting our local communities.
Can the Minister tell the House how the Government are working with these local forums, and how they will ensure that their insights feed into the Government’s planning and preparation for risks such as pandemics?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her important question.
The Government recognise the importance of local resilience forums and the role they play in boosting resilience in places and communities.
I hope she feels reassured that I have met all local resilience forums across England to discuss their concerns, and I have also met businesses to talk about the importance of local resilience.
We will continue to work closely with local resilience forums, including Northumbria LRF in her local area, to plan and prepare for a broad range of risks, including pandemics.