NHS waiting lists are down six months in a row, and there is funding for 13,000 neighbourhood police and community support officers.
That was the change we promised, and that is the change we are delivering.
I thank the Minister for her answer.
It is a really impressive catalogue of achievement in the early months of the Government.
Can the Minister set out more specific detail for my constituents and the House on big infrastructure projects such as the lower Thames crossing?
I am delighted that the Government have now given consent to it, and Dartford residents are delighted too.
How can these big infrastructure projects not only kick-start economic growth but provide jobs, skills and opportunities for residents in Dartford and across the Thames estuary?
My hon.
Friend is a great champion for the people of Dartford.
Fixing Britain’s creaking infrastructure is vital for our growth mission and plan for change.
We are reforming our planning rules to cut through blockages to delivering infrastructure and to help meet our target of 150 planning decisions by the end of this Parliament.
The Government are committed  to working with the private sector to deliver the lower Thames crossing.
As well as creating jobs, it will reduce congestion and drive economic growth by improving connectivity between Kent and Essex.
As the Minister is undoubtedly aware, part of the plan for change is kick-starting economic growth.
Prior to the recess, the Secretary of State for Transport advised me in relation to her statement about electric vehicle charging that the Cabinet Office is responsible for EU reset negotiations.
What assessment has the Cabinet Office made of the cost of the UK not being in a customs union with the EU?
The Minister for the Cabinet Office has been negotiating with the EU in the country’s national interest.
We have been clear that there will be no return to the customs union or single market, but the reset in our relations with the EU is an important one.
I call the shadow Minister.
Key to much of that plan is the Government’s target to make the UK the fastest growing economy in the G7.
But with the International Monetary Fund joining the Office for Budget Responsibility and the OECD in massively slashing projections for UK growth and the IMF not expecting the UK to be the fastest growing economy in the G7 in any year between now and 2030, how confident is the Minister that the Government will meet that target?
The prediction is that we are set to be the largest growing European economy in the G7.
Since coming into government in July, we have prioritised growth: for example, Universal Studios building Europe’s biggest theme park in Bedfordshire, and unblocking planning decisions on projects like the lower Thames crossing.
We are getting on with delivering the growth that the country needs after 14 years of decline under the Conservatives.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Since the last oral questions, we have been working to create a more focused Cabinet Office that will drive the work of reform and help to deliver on our plan for change.
We have taken decisive action, including by cutting wasteful spending so that resources can be targeted on the frontline.
I am pleased to inform the House that I will shortly be opening the UK Resilience Academy, which will be an important resource in training public servants for a range of potential emergencies.
I am sure the Minister will agree that the diversity of those in positions of responsibility across all areas of UK Government and public institutions is key to maintaining confidence among the British public that the Government are working for all of us.
Diversity is important across all the various equality  strands as well as the various geographical areas of the UK’s nations and regions.