I am really proud of what British communities have done across the country to support Ukrainians, and the strong ties that have been built.
It is fantastic that we have signed a 100-year partnership, so that for 100 years into the future, we have that relationship and give  that iron-clad support on every level—economically, diplomatically, militarily, and of course through crucial people-to-people links.
Our international relationships the world over are dependent on partner countries’ confidence that we will stick by our word, and that our allies will do likewise.
Will the Secretary of State,  the right hon.
Member for Tottenham (Mr Lammy) , convey that message to the United States of America?
The world—friends and foes alike—is looking at our willingness to stick by the commitments that we have made to Ukraine.
If we renege on those commitments, every single relationship around the world will be undermined.
Well, I am not my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Tottenham (Mr Lammy) —I represent Cardiff South and Penarth—but I thank the former Foreign Secretary for his comments, his continued support, and his engagement with me on these important issues when I was in opposition.
The Government and I have been absolutely clear: our support is iron-clad, not only now, but for 100 years into the future.
I was able to convey our support and our unity on this issue to a bipartisan delegation from the US House Foreign Affairs Committee yesterday.
It was an excellent and productive discussion.
There is strong unity on these issues.
We need to continue to work together, across Europe and in our transatlantic and global alliances, to deter and defend against the threat from Russia, as well as other threats that we face together.
I was also one of the Members on the list of people sanctioned by the Kremlin yesterday.
I want to make it clear in this House that if Vladimir Putin thinks that sanctioning me will silence me, he is very, very wrong.
It is no coincidence that the sanction came on the day when I launched a report that I co-authored with UK Friends of Ukraine on the issue of the stolen children.
The report outlines in detail the systemic capture, re-education and conscription of Ukrainian children by Russia.
Will my hon.
Friend outline whether the issue of the stolen children was discussed yesterday?
Does he support the campaign to return the stolen children?
Will he join me in calling for a UK national day of action to recognise the issue of the stolen children of Ukraine on  17 July , the Day of International Criminal Justice?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her powerful points, and I condemn the sanction against her.
She is right to raise the issue of the stolen children.
I discussed the matter a short while ago with the Ukrainian Deputy Foreign Minister and representatives of the different campaigns on the issue.
This is a personal priority for the Foreign Secretary and me.
It is one of the most heinous and horrific aspects of the conflict, not only for those children and their families, but because it speaks to a wider attempt by Putin to subjugate the people, identity, culture, language and future of Ukraine.
That should be clear for all to see.
One of the most powerful reminders of that is a picture that I have in my office painted by one of the children, who was thankfully  returned, but sadly there are still far too many children who have been taken by Russia.
I look forward to working with my hon.
Friend on this important issue, and I am very happy to discuss the event that she suggested.