I thank the Minister for his response.
I have been contacted by a constituent who is concerned for his poorly elderly father, who requires cryotherapy.
That service used to be offered at his local GP, avoiding a difficult trip to our local hospital, which would have a deleterious impact on his father’s already poor health.
Given the Government’s focus on moving more health services into the community and people’s homes as part of our public service reform agenda, does my right hon.
Friend agree that cryotherapy services should be considered as part of that welcome shift?
The Health Secretary has talked about three big shifts that are part of the 10-year NHS plan.
One of those shifts is from hospital to the community, which will require more services to be available locally.
We have agreed a new GP contract, which will see a large boost to general practitioner funding, alongside reforms to improve digital access.
If we are going to make this shift, it is important that services are available in the local community.
The Government’s laudable mission-led approach has seen NHS waiting lists fall for five months in a row.
Like many public services, our NHS has been plagued by over-specified guidance and unnecessary targets for many years, so will the Minister assure the House that the mission-led approach will mean a focus on core non-negotiables to deliver for the British people?
The missions set out the Government’s long-term targets, and the plan for change sets out the key targets for the next few years.
I do believe that targets can play a key role in driving behaviour, and that the focus on getting waiting lists and waiting times down set out in our plan for change can make a real difference over the coming few years.
I thank the Minister for that answer.
I know from my time as a councillor outside this place that under the last Government, policy was made in Westminster, with very little thought given to how it could hit frontline services more locally.
However, examples such as test and trace during the pandemic show that local services can deliver national priorities effectively, so what can the Minister do to ensure that civil servants down here work better with frontline workers up there to make sure that this Government’s priorities are being delivered?
The hon.
Member makes a very good point.
It is really important that we change the way in which policy is made—that we listen more to the frontline and work with the test-and-learn approach that was referred to by the Minister for the Cabinet Office in answer to the previous question.
That can help drive better outcomes for the public.
It is clear to me that under the last Government, our state failed the public.
We had an agenda that was not rooted in the lives of everyday people, meaning that despite the number of civil servants being the highest in a generation, outcomes for my constituents in Wirral West and people across the country were worse.
Will the Minister please set out how a smaller, more modern and more focused state can once again deliver world-class public services?
Over recent years, the public have seen the state get bigger and taxes go up, but they have not always felt that they are getting the right outcome from those changes.
To deliver our plan for change, we need to reform the state to make it more efficient and more effective.
We have started to deliver those reforms through stronger performance management, accelerating AI adoption, a focus on the frontline, and reforming rules around recruitment and secondments.
Those plans will help empower our excellent civil services to work better, reduce bureaucracy and focus on what really matters, which is better outcomes for the public.
I commend the ministerial team, both on the innovation fund and—more importantly—the test-and-learn culture that has been referred to, which embraces a willingness to take risks and iterate.