I welcome the words of the Minister, and the UK Government’s steadfast support for Ukraine, and for further promoting European security.
Will he say a little more about how he is working across Government Departments to support the efforts of civil society and businesses in the UK to ensure that, at every level, we offer the greatest support possible to Ukrainians?
I point my hon.
Friend to the important 100-year partnership that we signed.
Engagement at every level between civil society and people in every community is crucial.
I know that there are very important twinning arrangements between cities and communities across the UK, and we look forward to strengthening those, and working with those communities.
I met Ukrainian civil society organisations in Kyiv just a few weeks ago, and I regularly meet organisations here in the UK.
If all of us across this House can create more links, that will give true strength for the future to the foundation on which that partnership is built.
The Minister’s confirmation that the coalition of the willing will not permit the concession of any Ukrainian sovereign territory to Russia is most welcome, but I am not sure that I understand how that squares with Mr Trump’s current negotiating position, which seems to be based entirely on that.
Some 20,000 Ukrainian children have been stolen by the neo-Soviet Union and sovietised.
That is a war crime.
Did the meeting yesterday make it absolutely plain that no recognition of any concession based on war crimes will be admitted at any time?
The right hon.
Gentleman asks important questions.
He has heard what I had to say about the abducted children, and I completely share his passion, and his horror at what has happened.
I will not go into the details of what was discussed yesterday, but as I said, I spoke about this issue very recently with our Ukrainian counterparts, and I know that the Foreign Secretary takes a very keen interest in it.
The right hon.
Gentleman also asked about territory.
I will repeat what I said: we do not recognise Russian sovereignty over any territory illegally seized from Ukraine, including Crimea.
I was also one of the Members sanctioned by Putin yesterday for calling for this House to do everything we can to stop him.
The lesson of a century ago is that dictators like Putin cannot and will not stop unless we stop them, and the only way to stop him is through strength—through strong armed forces, a strong NATO and a strong nation.
How will we invest in our strength to stop Putin and keep ourselves safe?
Again, I condemn the sanction against my hon.
Friend.
He asks what we are doing to keep our citizens and all our allies safe, and to keep our shared security in place.
Again, I am pleased to be joined by the Minister for the Armed Forces.
This Government have stepped up resources for defence and security and  UK support to Ukraine.
We are increasing defence spending to 2.5% of GDP by 2027, and have an ambition to reach 3%, and the UK is committed to providing Ukraine with £3 billion in military assistance this year and every year for as long as it takes.
I mentioned the ERA loan, and we also have export finance support, £1.6 billion of which is going on supplying Ukraine with more than 5,000 air defence missiles.
That is utterly crucial and makes a tangible difference, not least in the face of the barbaric attacks that we saw overnight.
I welcome fresh members to the list of those of us who have been sanctioned.
Why is President Trump treating Ukraine as the aggressor?
Will the Minister remind US negotiators that—together with the United Kingdom—the USA signed the Budapest memorandum, assuring Ukraine of its territorial integrity and independence, when that country sacrificed unilaterally its position as the world’s third largest nuclear-armed power?
I welcome the right hon.