Will the Minister set out for the House why they have declined to use them?
I thank the hon.
Member for his question, and I am sure he would like to join me in praising the Deputy Prime Minister and her team for their hard work on this.
A lot of the rubbish has been cleared, and I want to take this opportunity to thank all the staff in Birmingham and across Departments who have played a key role in responding quickly to and dealing tirelessly with this matter.
I am afraid I am not going to congratulate the Deputy Prime Minister, in much the same way that the people of Birmingham are not thanking her either.
I very much hope that the Deputy Prime Minister will take the Prime Minister and maybe the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster to Birmingham to see that, in fact, much of the rubbish has not been cleared.
I also hope that the Labour party will undertake not to take any donations from Unite the union while this crisis is ongoing.
The Government have commissioners in Birmingham at the moment, but we know from answers to parliamentary questions that the commissioners are not involved in the negotiations to end this ongoing problem with the local union.
The Government have powers to do so.
Why are they not using those powers, and when will they bring an end to these strikes and set the people of Birmingham free?
I thank the hon.
Member for the question, but I am slightly disappointed by the approach he has taken.
It is important that we work collaboratively together.
As he rightly pointed out, Birmingham is the focus here, and let us move the politics out of it.
It is important that the dispute is resolved as swiftly as possible, and that is what the Deputy Prime Minister and her team are doing at the moment.
What assessment he has made of the effectiveness of the use of data by Government Departments.
When we came into power, the Government commissioned a comprehensive state of digital government review, which demonstrated just how far we have to go.
It set out a picture of fragmentation, silos and a failure to maximise the opportunity of data to personalise and target services.
The average UK adult citizen spends a week and a half dealing with government bureaucracy every year.
The Government have set out a plan to change this, and we are taking wide-ranging action: from creating the national data library to increasing the number of services that use gov.uk One Login.
I am glad the Minister mentioned the Government’s state of digital government review and its fairly excoriating conclusions.
It is clear that the public sector is not using data well enough.
It detailed the challenges, barriers and reluctance in getting the best out of the data available to Departments—some cannot even get their own arm’s length bodies to share data with them—and if we use data better, we can deliver government better.
Would the Minister meet me to discuss further how the Cabinet Office can lead in acting on the lessons of the review and ensuring that the citizen experience is put at the heart of the changes it makes?
I would be delighted to meet the hon.
Member.
I am very passionate about this.
In local government, I saw how difficult it was for frontline staff who were not able to get data from different services.
Most importantly, citizens are having to tell their story to and share data with multiple services, which causes confusion.
We are working very closely with the new digital centre of government on this, and we have an action plan to address it.
However, I always welcome new ideas, because this could be really transformative for citizens.