What steps he is taking to strengthen co-operation with the devolved Governments.
What steps he is taking to strengthen co-operation with the devolved Governments.
What steps he is taking to strengthen co-operation with the devolved Governments.
What steps he is taking to strengthen co-operation with the devolved Governments.
My right hon.
Friend the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster spoke a few moments ago of a good dialogue.
We are committed to working with the devolved Governments across the UK, and there is frequent, proactive engagement between Ministers and their devolved counterparts to achieve that.
For example, we have worked with the Scottish Government on the joint investment plan for Grangemouth, with the Welsh Government through the Tata Steel/Port Talbot transition board and alongside the Northern Ireland Executive on the city deals.
The Minister will be aware of last week’s historic UK Supreme Court ruling on the definition of a woman being based on biological sex, which provided important legal clarity.
It is critical now that the UK and Scottish Governments work in a co-ordinated manner to ensure that the practical impacts are understood.
How does the Minister plan to ensure that this co-ordinated approach delivers for women in Scotland and across the United Kingdom, and does he agree that the ruling must be a lesson for the SNP Government to stop wasting Scottish taxpayers’ money on flawed legislation and court cases?
The ruling upholds the protection of single-sex spaces based on biological sex and brings welcome clarity and confidence for women and, indeed, service providers.
The Equality and Human Rights Commission, as Britain’s equality regulator, has already committed to supporting service providers with updated guidance.
On the specific point raised by my hon.
Friend, we will meet Scottish counterparts to discuss the implications of this significant judgment.
I thank the Minister for his answer to the earlier question.
Events such as Tartan Day provide a vital opportunity for companies such as RSE in Cumbernauld to promote their products to international markets.
RSE has repeatedly told me that it wants to be a part of Brand Scotland.
Will the Minister outline how he will work with the Scotland Office and the Scottish Government to ensure that Tartan Day is an even bigger success next year to secure investment in the Scottish economy and create Scottish jobs?
Let me first pay tribute to RSE and all its brilliant work on water tech.
Earlier this month, I had the pleasure of representing Scotland in the United States along with my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Scotland at Tartan Week, where we met a range of businesses and investors to bang the drum for Scotland as a great place to invest and to work.
It was, frankly, a powerful opportunity to show that Scotland has two Governments committed to its prosperity and wellbeing.
As the UK Government committed to growth, we are more interested in new markets than old arguments, and my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State actively reached out to the First Minister seeking to co-operate by co-ordinating our presence.
I welcome the steps that the Government are taking to strengthen co-operation with the Scottish Government, to cut waste and inefficiency and to ensure that Ministers take responsibility for public services.
This is an important area for potential co-operation  and dialogue, because, in Scotland, we currently have more quangos than there are MSPs in Holyrood, which wastes millions of pounds a year.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that the SNP Scottish Government should stop hiding behind these quangos, end the culture of waste and take responsibility for plummeting standards in Scottish public services?
I echo the sentiments of my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster.
The powerful point he made about the ultimate ministerial responsibility resting rightly and reasonably with elected representatives applies north of the Tweed as surely as it does south of the Tweed.