Gentleman that the impact of those sanctions has been substantial in constraining and taking down Russia’s ability to wage this war.
Collectively, the sanctions by the previous Government and this Government have prevented $450 billion-worth of support to fuel Russia’s war.
That could have paid for another three or four years of military aggression against Ukraine.
We will not hesitate to consider further actions in this area; indeed, we have announced some of the biggest packages in recent weeks.
I thank the Minister very much for his answers.
I was one of those to be sanctioned, but what does that sanction mean?
It means that my superyacht—I do not have one—cannot be taken to Vladivostok for the summer or for the winter, so I will have to take it to Ballywalter, the village where I was born and brought up, and put it alongside the rented rowing boat that I use now and again.
The sanction will not stop me speaking up to tell it straight on Russia’s crimes, and let us remember what those are.
There are the stolen children, whom  the hon.
Member for Paisley and Renfrewshire South (Johanna Baxter)  talked about.
There are the thousands of men, women and children who have been murdered, and the church pastors who have disappeared.
There was the massacre in Bucha.
All those crimes anger us.
This is about  accountability: it is about making sure that the Russians who carried out those crimes will be held to account some day.
By the way, I hope they are watching, because a sanction does not stop me, and it will not stop anyone else in this Chamber speaking up either.
I apologise for that introduction, but as I said earlier this week, peace is the goal, but not at any price.
What discussions has the Minister had with the Ukrainians to ensure they understand that our support is there until the right deal is in place?
What discussions have taken place with our American allies to ensure that we are still on the same page when it comes to making sure that Russian aggression is not rewarded and that Ukraine’s sacrifice is always remembered?
I think the hon.
Gentleman’s comments, like those of my hon.
Friends, accurately capture the sentiments of this House.
I condemn the sanction against him, but the reaction of him and other Members of this House should show everybody in the world—including Vladimir Putin, but also our allies and, most importantly, Ukraine—that our support remains ironclad and undiminished: it will strengthen rather than diminish.