Will the Minister reassure the House that those currently receiving help from the volunteer scheme, such as collecting prescriptions or fetching shopping, will not be left high and dry after next Saturday?
Has the Department conducted an impact assessment?
If so, will it publish it?
As with so many major decisions, such as dropping cross-party talks on social care or cutting funding for integrated care boards by 50%, it is concerning that the Government did not come to the House first to answer questions from hon.
Members.
Will the Minister reassure the House that these decisions will improve patient care and that they are not just a cost-cutting exercise dictated by the Treasury?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her work volunteering and supporting the scheme during covid.
The announcement is about NHS England.
The organisation will continue to work with the NHS and voluntary organisations to ensure that where people are volunteering, that will continue, and that volunteers continue to be recruited, ahead of a fuller launch of the recruitment portal later this year.
On her wider point, this Government are not dropping talks with other parties about social care, which is being taken forward by the independent commission under Louise Casey.
I pay tribute to all the volunteers across Calder Valley and the rest of the country who helped with the fantastic vaccine roll-out.
Will the Minister confirm that despite scaremongering from the Conservatives, people will of course still be able to volunteer for the NHS and support others?
This is a good opportunity, which I very much welcome, to highlight again how important volunteering is to the NHS and the care system.
It will remain an important part of our plans going forward that.
People may have had an email and thought that something is stopping and that there is not more to do, but they should ensure that they press that button and  register for upcoming opportunities and are in contact with their local NHS systems.
As I said, volunteering is done locally, and it is important that we support those local systems and encourage more and more people to come forward to undertake this important work.
I pay tribute to some of the volunteers across my constituency, who make such a difference to people’s lives.
The Minister will have noticed that polling by More in Common today found that more and more people feel disconnected from society.
That is compounded by the fact that so many of our community spaces are struggling to make ends meet as a result of a combination of business rate changes, national insurance rises and energy price rises.
Those health and care volunteers make such a difference by chatting with those who are lonely and vulnerable in my constituency.
Has the Minister considered the impact of this decision, particularly in the interim period, on communities such as mine?
What cost will not having this voluntary service to support people in their times of need drive into our health services?
I agree with the hon.
Lady about the roles that people play, particularly by having conversations and connecting with people who feel disconnected.
To be very clear, this decision is about particular arrangements: it does not mean that things are stopping across our country or with local health systems ensuring that volunteers are still available.
We want to ensure that we use that knowledge in building systems for the future.
I was very pleased to host a roundtable with organisations as part of our 10-year plan process.
There are some fantastic ideas and opportunities out there to use the knowledge we have learned, particularly during covid, to use technology to link with people and to recognise where people are not linked by technology and ensure that they remain connected.
All of that will form part of our future plans.