Volunteering is more generally handled by local situations, and this is about the best way we can get the national system to spread into a local system.
We need the local infrastructure, and we need to keep encouraging people to come forward.
I hope that, as a result of this urgent question this afternoon, we are highlighting the role of volunteers and that more people will come forward.
I echo the comments made today about the huge contribution that volunteers make up and down the country, helping and supporting NHS staff, day in, day out.
I declare a bit of an interest, as someone who similarly started their volunteer journey with the responders programme and continues now as a community first responder with my local ambulance service.
Can the Minister reassure me that those who wish to continue to  play their part and to carry on volunteering in other ways with the NHS can do so?
Will she join me in taking the opportunity to encourage those who are interested in volunteering to check for opportunities with their local trusts?
We are learning so much about each other this afternoon, are we not?
I am pleased to hear that that is how my hon.
Friend started her journey, and I am so impressed that she is continuing to do that.
I was out with the ambulance service last week talking to staff, who highly praised those community first responders.
The work that she and others are doing is valuable, and I know she will continue to use that knowledge to feed into the work we want to do in the future.
I thank the Minister for answering the urgent question.
May I pay tribute to the many volunteers in Harlow, both those who supported people during the pandemic and, in particular, the Butterfly Volunteers who support people receiving end of life care at Princess Alexandra hospital?
I feel emotional just thinking about that they do.
We found that it was best to seek volunteers locally in Harlow, both through Rainbow Services and through the volunteer co-ordinator Della Nash, who is wonderful but who, sadly, was made redundant by the last Government.
How can local charities and other organisations feed into the Government portal once it is up and running?
I thank my hon.
Friend for what he has said, and I thank the Butterfly Volunteers.
Supporting people at that really important end of life stage is hard and critical work, and I commend them for it.
The local link is also critical: we need to ensure that people can be directed from the national system to local systems, through NHS England and perhaps—if it is appropriate, Mr Speaker—through the House.
It is in the interests of local Members of Parliament for us to ensure that what we have learnt from the national scheme is continued into the local scheme, and, as my hon.
Friend says, we need the local co-ordination and infrastructure about which we have heard this afternoon.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
Notwithstanding the response to the urgent question that you were kind enough to grant, we still have no idea how long the gap in the service will last, or what will happen to the most vulnerable people who are using it.
What other parliamentary mechanisms could I use to secure the answers to these questions?
I think that, in fairness, I cannot allow the debate to continue, which is what I think the hon.
Lady is trying to tempt me towards.
What I would say, however, is that I am sure that the good offices around her will give some very strong advice.
I am sure that the Table Office and others will be able to advise her on how she can pursue this matter, and I am sure that those on the Front Bench have heard her point of order.