I was very pleased to host a roundtable with organisations as part of our 10-year plan process.
There are some fantastic ideas and opportunities out there to use the knowledge we have learned, particularly during covid, to use technology to link with people and to recognise where people are not linked by technology and ensure that they remain connected.
All of that will form part of our future plans.
Before I ask my question, I draw attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests: I am an unpaid trustee of Helpforce, a charity that supports volunteering in health and care and works with more than 100 NHS partners to embed volunteering in trusts.
As we have heard, volunteers make a huge contribution every day across the country, giving their time and skills to free up doctors and nurses to focus on their clinical tasks.
Helpforce runs a scheme called Volunteer to Career, which enables people to try out through volunteering before making the transition into a frontline healthcare career.
Does the Minister agree that schemes such as Helpforce’s Volunteer to Career programme could play a huge role in filling some of the vacancies in NHS roles and that volunteers will play a central role in delivering the 10-year NHS plan?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her work, expertise and knowledge.
She is absolutely right—she almost pre-empted my answer—that embedding knowledge where it is needed in the frontline in our communities is exactly what we need to look to do, and we need to recognise where we can use volunteers well.
We have micro-volunteering these days, which can help people to link in where it suits them, so that we can take advantage of people—I do not mean “take advantage”; that sounds bad.
We can utilise people’s opportunities—perhaps  they are working different or irregular shifts—so that they can give more, because we know that there is a great appetite out there to support the system more.
This appears to be another rather muddled decision from the Government.
The Minister has acknowledged that these volunteers provide a vital service, but if they want to continue they now have the inconvenience of going to the new portal, registering and so on.
Would it not have been better at least to maintain the current arrangements until a new alternative was in place?
By the time we have provided extra support to medical professionals and so on during the interim, will it have saved any money at all?
I am afraid that I have to disagree with the hon.
Gentleman—it is not muddled.
The analysis undertaken by NHS England indicates that the current system is not providing good value for money, and we are making sure that we produce something better for the future.
This Government will continue to act in the best interests of volunteers, patients and taxpayers in setting up the NHS of the future.
I congratulate all the volunteers in my constituency, who do a great job.
Does the Minister agree that the huge increase in volunteers over the past few years is because the Conservatives ran down the NHS?
Now they are in opposition, they can no longer run down the NHS, so they talk it down instead.
Well, we could—[Interruption.]
Sorry,  the hon.
Member for Farnham and Bordon (Gregory Stafford)  is chuntering from a sedentary position.
I partly agree with my hon.
Friend.
Yes, the Conservatives did run down the NHS and we inherited a broken system, but volunteering has always been a really important part of the NHS and the care system, so I pay tribute to those people who come forward.
It is both good for the system and the people they help, and for many individuals.
We talked earlier about people feeling disconnected, perhaps as receivers of volunteering, but we know how valuable it is for individuals themselves to be giving and volunteering, and we want to see more of that.