Friend, and I will ensure that it takes place.
I take it that the meeting will not be on Everest.
The Secretary of State knows as well as I do that one of the most distressing experiences for our veterans today is the fear of being dragged into court in the face of politically motivated prosecutions after the Clonoe and Coagh inquiries, which opened a month ago.
Some action will obviously have to be taken to protect them.
Is the MOD currently researching the legal, judicial and legislative requirements that are necessary to protect our veterans from this appalling treatment?
The right hon.
Gentleman is right.
We owe the Operation Banner veterans a huge debt of gratitude.
Their professionalism and, in many cases, sacrifices of their lives saved civilian lives and helped to bring about the peace that Northern Ireland now enjoys.
In respect of Clonoe, the right hon.
Gentleman knows that the MOD is seeking a judicial review of the coroner’s findings, and he will also know that I am working closely with the Northern Ireland Secretary to ensure that the welfare and legal support that we have provided for veterans who are caught up in any investigations is reinforced further so that we can protect this special group of veterans from the impact of such investigations.
I call the shadow Minister.
A group of Army veterans who feel totally let down by this Government have started a parliamentary petition entitled “Protect Northern Ireland Veterans from Prosecutions”, which has so far amassed nearly 87,000 signatures in just over a week.
Assuming that they successfully obtain the further 13,000 that are required, may I ask whether we can then debate, in Parliament, the question of why Labour wants, via its proposed remedial order, to make it easier for Gerry Adams to sue the British Government, while legally abandoning our brave veterans and throwing them to the wolves?
I hesitate to turn this into a party political debate, but the right hon.
Gentleman has just done that.
He must accept that the previous Government’s woeful legacy Act did nothing to help veterans.
It was found unlawful over and over again, and any incoming Government last summer would have had to deal with that legacy, which is what we are doing.
I am working with the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland.
I am looking to ensure that we minimise the impact of any investigations on this special and unique group of veterans, who served—with great distinction in most cases—to keep the peace, secure long-term peace and protect civilians.
Labour could have appealed those judgments to the Supreme Court but chose not to.
Labour MPs and peers have already voted for this barmy process in the Joint Committee on Human Rights on  26 February .
Labour will now be expecting all its MPs to vote for it again this autumn.
Given that many of the young soldiers who served on Operation Banner in Northern Ireland were recruited from “red wall” seats—from Barnsley to Blackpool, and from Bolton to Burnley—how on earth do this Government expect any Labour MP to do Gerry Adams a favour at the expense of the veterans who opposed him, and then to go back to their own seats and look their constituents, including veterans and their families, in the eye?
The previous Government’s legacy Act has been found to be unlawful time and again.
We have to deal with that problem, and any Government would.
My concern is for the UK service personnel who served in Northern Ireland over a period of 38 years, who were there to protect the peace, protect civilian lives and prevent civil war.
We support anyone who is now caught up in investigations or litigation with welfare and legal support, and I am determined that we will protect them further.