The LGBT financial recognition scheme has a budget of £75 million, which is 50% higher than that set by the previous Government.
The Ministry of Defence has made £90,000 available for grants to charities, including Royal British Legion and Fighting With Pride, to support LGBT veterans in completing their applications.
One of my constituents was outed and then dismissed from the RAF when he was just 21, an experience that affected his whole life, so I was very pleased to hear that last week his application for compensation under the LGBT financial recognition scheme was accepted and that he is due to receive his payment shortly.
It is great to hear that the Labour Government are getting on with the job for these veterans who were so badly dealt with by the state, but can the Minister give an update on the progress of the scheme?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising the issue and that case.
It is vital that no matter who you fall in love with, there is a place for you in our armed forces.
I am pleased to announce that since the LGBT financial recognition scheme was launched on  12 December 2024 , we have now made a total of £1 million in payments to the dismissed or discharged, to people who are terminally ill, or the over-80s who were dismissed or discharged due to their sexuality.
Some 964 applications for non-financial restorative measures have been received and are being processed.
The recruitment of the independent panel and appeals board is complete, so payment for the LGBT FRS impact payments can begin shortly.
What recent discussions he has had with NATO allies on European security.
What recent discussions he has had with NATO allies on European security.
The Secretary of State and I are in regular and close contact with our NATO allies on strengthening Euro-Atlantic security.
Last week, the Secretary of State and I were both in Germany discussing closer co-operation and how to further enhance bilateral defence co-operation.
The Secretary of State attended a meeting of the E5 Defence Ministers driving European leadership in Ukraine, and next month will meet allies in preparation for the Hague summit in June.
NATO has never been more vital for Britain’s defence and security than in this era of global instability and volatility.
I was therefore alarmed that certain Green party politicians have suggested that the UK leave NATO, abandoning our commitment to our allies, including other European nations, and the defence of Ukraine and of our shared democratic values.
Will the Minister reassure this House that this Labour Government will recommit to working even more closely with our allies for our collective defence, and will he confirm that unlike certain other parties, Labour will always put the security of our citizens first?
Let me be absolutely clear with the House: NATO is the cornerstone of our security, and this Government’s commitment to the alliance is unshakeable.
The Greens, if that is the case, would be out of step with the British people, who recognise the importance of NATO membership.
We should also be clear that the only person who would benefit from taking apart the NATO alliance sits in the Kremlin: President Putin.
That is a victory we will not give him.
The Ukrainian military’s response to Putin’s invasion has been formidable.
One of the ways it has been so impressive is through its innovation in drone technology, with Ukraine now a world leader in strategic and tactical drones.
Does the Minister agree that it is important that the UK, along with our NATO allies, continues to invest in the Ukrainian military, so that it can continue its fight for freedom and so that we can benefit from the advances in technology that the Ukrainian military has brought forward?
I absolutely agree.