Nevertheless, I am grateful to him for noticing the £400 million investment in its Telford factory that Rheinmetall is announcing today.
That is a direct response to the UK-German defence agreement that I signed in October, and it is confirmation that this is a Government who are delivering for defence.
Somerset’s defence-related SMEs help to make the south-west the biggest region for defence after the south-east.
Will the Secretary of State take a particular look at how SMEs are supporting Somerset Armed Forces Day?
They are a backbone of that operation.
Will he also look at the fact that Armed Forces Day is run by veterans and volunteers who sometimes do not receive funding until six months after they have held the event, and will he agree to support the biggest Armed Forces Day in the country, which is Somerset Armed Forces Day?
There may be a competition for the title of the biggest Armed Forces Day event in the country—I refer the hon.
Gentleman to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Great Grimsby and Cleethorpes (Melanie Onn) .
I am not sure whether his question was about SMEs or Armed Forces Day events, but I welcome the support that his small firms are giving to Armed Forces Day.
From the centre, we are making sure that we can support local Armed Forces Day events where councils and local charities are willing to organise them.
We are doing so right around the country, and I know the whole House will back those events, locally and nationally.
Somerset is home to many growing defence sector SMEs, such as Needles and Pins Aerospace in Somerton, which will shortly be opening a new factory in the town.
It has been a supplier of bespoke support equipment to Leonardo helicopters for many years.
What support is the Minister providing to SMEs such as Needles and Pins to ensure that they can compete for defence procurement contracts?
If the hon.
Lady alerts her local small firms to the commitment I have made that next month we will set a target for direct defence investment in SMEs, she will then get confirmation of our commitment to boosting this important area of our economy.
She will also recognise that every 1% more of defence spending we put into SMEs is worth £250 million more for those small firms.
Given that at the moment only 4% of defence procurement goes to the SME sector, I very much welcome what the Secretary of State is saying about opening up that scope.
Does he recognise, though, that part of the problem with SMEs getting defence contracts is not just the amount of money—although that is vital—but that the procurement portals and processes need to be accessible for smaller businesses with less of a back-room operation than the huge corporations?
What can he say about that, particularly given that I represent a constituency in which the entire economy is SMEs?
First, the new SME support centre, which we have announced and will set up shortly, will help with exactly those sorts of challenges.
Secondly, the hon.
Member is right to point to that low 4% level of direct defence spending into SMEs.
That was the level under the last Government, and it went down for every one of the three years before the last election.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
On behalf of the official Opposition, we send our best wishes to the Minister for Veterans and People,  the hon.
Member for Birmingham Selly Oak (Al Carns) , on his ascent of Everest.
On defence procurement, we will all have enjoyed the Red Arrows fly-past as part of our VE Day celebrations, but the fact is that the Hawk jet needs replacing.