On the highly topical subject of fishing rights, the Secretary of State will no doubt share my profound concern at reports that last week Mauritius and Russia agreed to deepen their co-operation on fisheries and other maritime issues.
Does that not show that Labour’s policy of spending billions renting back a military base that we already own is not only a waste of taxpayers’ money but a major risk to our national security?
No.
It shows that when we were elected last summer we inherited a situation of increasing questions and jeopardy over the continuing sovereignty—our operational sovereignty—of the Diego Garcia base.
That is why we have been taking action since then.
The Chagos chaos continues, as multiple reports now suggest that No.
10 has put the whole £18 billion Chagos nonsense on hold.
It has done that for fear that Labour MPs, who are being whipped to withdraw winter fuel payments from up to 10 million pensioners, will not vote for it.
Can the Secretary of State confirm whether it is still the Government’s policy to stand by their crazy Chagos deal, or has he finally decided to give it all up?
The Diego Garcia base is essential to our security and to our security relationship with the US.
It was increasingly under threat under the previous Government.
We have had to act, as the previous Government started to do, to deal with that jeopardy.
We are completing those arrangements and will report to the House when we can.
With the defence review coming, alongside the welcome extra investment in defence, how will things change so that more school leavers in Bristol can learn about the opportunities in the military and across Bristol’s wider defence sector?
A career in the armed forces or a defence industry is a good career for any school leaver in Bristol, in Plymouth or anywhere across our country.
I commend my hon.
Friend on the work that he and people in Bristol are doing to promote a career in our armed forces and the defence industries.
There are good, well paid careers available in every part of our country—indeed in every single constituency—in defence.
Last week’s “Panorama” documentary brought fresh allegations of war crimes by Special Air Service and Special Boat Service forces, raising grave new questions about the conduct of the special forces during Operation Herrick in Afghanistan.
It also highlighted the vital importance of promoting transparency and accountability across our armed forces.
In the light of these developments and the ongoing public inquiry, will the Secretary of State consider looking at how Parliament could scrutinise the work of the special forces?
The previous Government, with our support, set up the Haddon-Cave inquiry, whose job it is to get to the bottom of any allegations and investigate them fully.
That is the job it is doing, and it has our full  support—and, I hope, the continued support of the House —in doing it.
The hon.
Lady mentioned the “Panorama” programme.
Anybody who is willing to talk to the media about the information they have and what they allege must be willing to do the same to the Haddon-Cave inquiry.
I met Major Eales and the Derby and Derbyshire Ex-Services Association, who do so much with fellow veterans at events all year round.
Following the launch of Operation Valour, will the Minister join me in paying tribute to the work that it and other associations do and tell us what is being done to encourage and recognise volunteers who support our veterans?
I am delighted to pay tribute to Major Eales and so many other volunteers who are working to support our veterans.
Valour marks a departure from the PR-focused postcode lottery diet of short-term funding for headlines that we were fed by the last Tory Government.
No more sticking plasters for veterans; long-term, sustainable funding on a nationwide basis is what Operation Valour is delivering.