I congratulate and thank my hon.
Friend, as well as my hon.
Friend  the Member for Aldershot (Alex Baker) , for the work that they are doing on innovative finance, which will help SMEs in future.
I look forward to the publication of their Royal United Services Institute report shortly.
I can confirm that SME involvement in the defence supply chain will be boosted by new spending targets that I will set in June to produce exactly the sort of result that my hon.
Friend  the Member for York Outer (Mr Charters)  is looking for.
When I spoke at the Make UK Defence summit in Derby, I met with lots of small and medium-sized businesses in the sector.
The issues that they raised with me were echoed during my visit last week to a local composites manufacturer, Pentaxia, including accessing finance to grow and complicated defence procurement processes.
What is the Defence Secretary doing to engage with small and medium-sized companies to ensure that they can get a fair crack at Government defence contracts?
My hon.
Friend knows better than most the challenge for small firms entering into the supply chain in defence, and she does more than most to champion their case.
We want defence to do business differently, and making it easier for small firms and newer entrants to start doing their business with defence a big part of that.
That is why we have announced a new SME support centre—a new front door for small firms that can then become part of the defence supply chain, unlocking new jobs and putting more money in the pockets of workers.
Earlier this year, I had the pleasure of hosting a roundtable and listening to businesses in Derby—small and medium-sized businesses in engineering and manufacturing, including the vital defence sector.
With nearly 70% of Government defence spending directed towards businesses outside of London and the south-east, we know how every pound spent with UK defence businesses has the power to create jobs and employment for local people.
Will the Secretary of State therefore outline how the Department will ensure that as many SMEs as possible are aware of Government procurement opportunities, so that they can deliver jobs in areas such as Derby?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
The access of SMEs to defence is very often through primes and subcontracting, rather than directly with the Ministry of Defence itself.
It is the certainty of long-term relationships and long-term contracts for the primes that allow them to pass those benefits on to smaller firms.
That is why it is significant that when my hon.
Friend joined me at the Derby Rolls-Royce factory when I announced the eight-year £9 billion Unity contract for Rolls-Royce, 240 small firms were part of that submarine supply chain.
I do not wish to end the Defence Secretary’s glittering career here on the Floor of the House, but may I praise him as my new favourite Minister—alongside the Defence Procurement Minister—for today announcing the new £400 million investment in my Shropshire constituency for Rheinmetall to build a new gun barrel factory?
I thank him and his Defence Procurement Minister for working with me, across parties and in the national interest, to ensure that the UK has the very latest and most technologically advanced Challenger 3 tank—the best in NATO.
I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman for that question.
We will always work across parties in the national interest and in the interests of defence— I hope he is wrong that doing so may ruin my career.
Nevertheless, I am grateful to him for noticing the £400 million investment in its Telford factory that Rheinmetall is announcing today.
That is a direct response to the UK-German defence agreement that I signed in October, and it is confirmation that this is a Government who are delivering for defence.
Somerset’s defence-related SMEs help to make the south-west the biggest region for defence after the south-east.