My hon.
Friend is right about the joint expeditionary force, and he is right to emphasise the importance of the step today.
While NATO is the cornerstone of our European security—and recognised as such by the European Union in its White Paper—the  step today will mean that we will be able to upgrade our co-operation with the European Union on the mobility of military matériel and personnel, on maritime and space security, on irregular migration and on protecting our critical infrastructure.
It opens the door to closer defence industrial collaboration, including potential participation in the EU’s €150 billion SAFE arrangements.
Will the Minister join me in congratulating the crew of HMS Dragon, which succeeded in obliterating a supersonic missile with a Sea Viper missile off the coast of the Hebrides?
The Royal Navy hit their target thanks to the work of the MOD Hebrides range.
Will he also congratulate them on their continued work?
I will indeed.
We congratulate the crew of HMS Dragon on their professionalism and skill, and they will welcome my hon.
Friend’s championing of that skill in the House this afternoon.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
I have previously raised, during Defence questions, my deep concern about the possibility that the Government would give away our fishing rights in order to gain access to the European Union rearmament fund, but in fact it is far worse than that.
Is not the truth that we have surrendered our fishing grounds for at least 12 years and will become a passive rule taker, and that all we have in exchange is a glorified talking shop with not a penny of guaranteed defence funding?
The hon.
Gentleman is quite right. [
Interruption.]
He is quite right, in that during the last Defence Question Time he talked about our not being excluded from the Security Action for Europe defence fund that would include EU states.
I would have thought that he would welcome this afternoon’s agreement, because this is the open door to those arrangements.
Let me ask him this: does he therefore agree with his party leader, who declared before even seeing the agreements that will be signed today—including the security and defence partnership agreement—that she would tear them up?
What steps he is taking to improve support for veterans.
Earlier this month the nation celebrated 80 years since Victory in Europe Day, and the Government announced the Operation Valour programme, a new UK-wide veteran support system to ensure that veterans have improved access to essential care and support.
It is backed by a new £50 million investment, starting this year.
The rights of the charity PTSD Resolution—which provided vital healthcare services in our stretched NHS—to deliver services that imprisoned veterans desperately need have been taken away in England.
Will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss how the MOD and other signatories to the armed forces covenant can support the case of veteran prisoners, and to explain why precious support from a charity has been taken away?
We made an election commitment to put the armed forces covenant fully into law, and we will do that.
The Minister for Veterans and People is working across Government to ensure that veterans receive the support they need from all services, including Op Nova, which provides for ex-forces people who become caught up in the criminal justice system.
I know that I can speak for my hon.
Friend the Minister while he is on Everest in saying that he would welcome a meeting with my hon.
Friend, and I will ensure that it takes place.
I take it that the meeting will not be on Everest.
The Secretary of State knows as well as I do that one of the most distressing experiences for our veterans today is the fear of being dragged into court in the face of politically motivated prosecutions after the Clonoe and Coagh inquiries, which opened a month ago.