The hon.
and learned Gentleman knows that the Government and the Ministry of Defence are seeking judicial review of the coroner’s work on the Clonoe inquiry.
If there are other factors to be taken into account and lessons to be learned, the Government will do that.
Yesterday, a Conservative councillor in my constituency said that the Government were “dancing to the tune of warmongers” because of their support for British defence manufacturing, despite one of those manufacturers being in his ward.
Do the Government believe, as I do, that we need to do more, not less, to support British defence manufacturing?
I agree with my hon.
Friend: we need to do more to support British defence manufacturing, and we are doing more by reforming procurement and prioritising UK-based businesses for the work that we can give them.
Land at Eastriggs in my constituency, formerly part of MOD Eastriggs, was declared surplus, and 18 acres were successfully leased to a rail business that provided important jobs in the constituency.
However, the plans for the remainder of the site seem to have got bogged down.
I hope that Ministers can expedite a decision, so that more valuable jobs can be created in my constituency.
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for that point.
I will look into it and get back to him.
Salute Her, a veterans’ charity in the north-east, does incredible work to support women veterans with specific needs in accessing support.
Will the Secretary of State reassure me that women’s voices and needs will be heard and catered for in the upcoming veterans’ strategy?
We are developing the veterans’ strategy in close consultation with veterans and the organisations that represent them.
They are at the heart of the process; I can give my hon.
Friend that reassurance.
I am glad that she is looking forward to the strategy’s publication.
UNCLOS––the United Nations convention on the law of the sea—is an incredible international anti-piracy and anti-drug-running tool, but as the House of Lords discussed in 2022, it needs upgrading to include measures on modern slavery and human trafficking.
What work are the Government doing on that in the international sphere?
The UK promotes UNCLOS, freedom of navigation and the UNCLOS rules.
I would be very happy to have a meeting with the hon.
Lady, but a conversation with the Department for Transport, which owns that relationship, may also be beneficial.
The Minister may know that I have spent months convincing British scale-up Aeralis to choose Prestwick as the location at  which it will build a proposed Hawk replacement—the first British jet built in 50 years.
That would create 4,000 jobs.
Will she do all she can to bring Aeralis to Prestwick, and make the Red Arrows British and Scottish?
I have met representatives of Aeralis on a number of occasions, as have my senior officials.
The MOD has provided the company with considerable support as it develops its concept of a modular aircraft with digital design.
The Department remains engaged with Aeralis, and with the sector as a whole, to seek a solution that will generate the combat air pilots of the future.
We have begun considering what aircraft will replace the Hawk fast jet trainer, which is currently in operation in the Royal Air Force.
I welcome last week’s written statement confirming that the cases of many of the Triples—the Afghan commandos who served shoulder to shoulder with UK special forces—will be reviewed.
What guarantees can the Minister offer that those individuals will be protected, wherever they are, and that their evidence will be heard by the public inquiry relating to Afghanistan?
We concluded phase one of the Triples review last week, in which there was an overturn rate of approximately 30%.
The second phase will consider where we hold records relating to top-up pay.
On the second part of the hon.