We also continue to offer tailored employment support via the career transition partnership.
National insurance relief for employing veterans comes at really quite a low cost to the Treasury, but it is effective, not just in its financial incentive but because it opens up conversations within employers.
In written answers of late, the Government have been slightly equivocal about the future of the programme.
Can the Minister confirm that this programme of relief will continue to support veterans’ employment beyond the next year?
It is vital that we support our veterans.
We have extended the national insurance relief for a further year.
I am very happy to arrange a conversation with the right hon.
Gentleman and my Treasury colleagues if he would like to make a further case, and I am sure he would join a chorus of voices in doing so.
In January 1945 in Darlington, William McMullen, a Canadian air pilot, was flying a plane across the densely populated town when it set fire.
He steered it away from the populated area and evacuated his six crew mates, unfortunately losing his life in the process.
This act of heroism has not been recognised by the Canadian Government because it was a training exercise, so I urge the Secretary of State to join my campaign, with local veterans in Darlington, for a posthumous recognition.
I thank my hon.
Friend for the way in which she raises that case; it is certainly something that the whole House can get behind.
Telling the stories of the bravery and courage of those who served in that golden generation is vital to ensuring that we learn lessons from it and understand their sacrifice.
I would be happy to arrange a meeting between her and the Veterans Minister to see what we can do with our Canadian friends.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Last year, we pledged to the British public that if we were elected we would seek a new security pact with the European Union.
Today we have made good on that promise.
The UK-EU security and defence partnership is an ambitious agreement.
It will strengthen NATO, and it will grow the economy.
In a further demonstration that defence is a powerful engine for growth, I can confirm that Rheinmetall will be opening its new gun barrel factory in Telford, bringing 400 new jobs to the area and boosting investment in the UK economy by nearly half a billion pounds.
This is what resetting Britain’s relationship with Europe and stepping up on European security looks like, and this is what delivering for defence looks like, to make Britain secure at home and strong abroad.
Abbey Group in Knowsley partners with Sweden’s Saab to produce the world-class Saab Barracuda camouflage system used by the British Army.
It is a prime example of British manufacturing at its best: backed by international collaboration and providing good jobs.
However, small and medium-sized enterprises such as Abbey need stability and support.
What is my right hon.
Friend doing to ensure that they get it?
We have committed to set new SME spending targets and establish a new SME support centre.
In the last week, we have launched a new tech scaler, and we will strengthen the SME voice on the new defence industrial joint council.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
On the highly topical subject of fishing rights, the Secretary of State will no doubt share my profound concern at reports that last week Mauritius and Russia agreed to deepen their co-operation on fisheries and other maritime issues.
Does that not show that Labour’s policy of spending billions renting back a military base that we already own is not only a waste of taxpayers’ money but a major risk to our national security?
No.