One of the ways it has been so impressive is through its innovation in drone technology, with Ukraine now a world leader in strategic and tactical drones.
Does the Minister agree that it is important that the UK, along with our NATO allies, continues to invest in the Ukrainian military, so that it can continue its fight for freedom and so that we can benefit from the advances in technology that the Ukrainian military has brought forward?
I absolutely agree.
The UK is co-leading the drone capability coalition with Latvia, and we are improving and learning from the experiences of our friends in Ukraine.
Drone technology in Ukraine iterates every two to three weeks, so it is absolutely vital not only that we create the environment for new investments in drone technology, but that the UK military looks at those lessons learned.
I would expect a large part of the strategic defence review to be looking at the lessons that we can learn from Ukraine and applying them to our own military.
Unlike certain other institutions, NATO is an alliance of separate sovereign countries.
I thank the Minister for his strong support of NATO, but does he agree that we should follow the example of the frontline NATO states like Estonia and Poland, which recognise that the difference between deterring a hostile Russia and actually having to fight a war is the difference between spending 4% or 5% of GDP on defence, as we did in the 1980s, and 40% or 50% if, God forbid, we ever have to engage in open hostilities?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for that question.
This Government are delivering for defence with increased defence spending.
By April 2027, we will be spending 2.5% of our GDP on defence, which includes an extra £5 billion for defence in this financial year; that will rise to 3% in the next Parliament, when economic conditions allow.
What we spend that money on is just as important, and that is what the strategic defence review, when it is published, will set out.
At the end of March, the US Secretary of State told the Foreign Ministers of the Baltic states that the US wanted to continue participating in EU defence procurement initiatives.
What has the UK discussed with the EU about any exclusion of US companies linked to the security and defence pact?
It is certainly true that right across Europe, there are European and American firms providing the capabilities we need to keep our people safe.
It is right that we continue those discussions with our European  friends to look at how UK firms can participate, because UK firms are already present around Europe, providing resources, as indeed are our American friends.
We all need to spend more on defence and we all need to renew our capabilities.
We are working together to ensure that we have the frameworks and structures to enable that renewal of our forces to take place.
What steps he is taking to improve armed forces housing for military families.
We are delivering for defence by putting people at the heart of our defence plans.
We have secured a deal to buy back 36,000 military homes to improve housing for forces families and save taxpayers £600,000 a day in rent.
Our new consumer charter means that families will have a named housing officer, improved repairs and a clearer, shorter complaints process.
Our forthcoming defence housing strategy will set out plans to undertake a generational review of our properties.
In December, the Defence Committee found that two thirds of service family homes
“need extensive refurbishment or rebuilding”
to meet modern standards.
We know that poor-quality housing impacts children’s ability to learn and to attend school, as well as their physical health.
What steps are the Government taking to ensure that the 3,500 children from service families who attend school in North Yorkshire live in adequate accommodation?
I agree with my hon.