We have to deal with that problem, and any Government would.
My concern is for the UK service personnel who served in Northern Ireland over a period of 38 years, who were there to protect the peace, protect civilian lives and prevent civil war.
We support anyone who is now caught up in investigations or litigation with welfare and legal support, and I am determined that we will protect them further.
I am working with the Northern Ireland Secretary as part of the plans for replacing the legacy Act arrangements, and we will ensure that we discharge our duty to the veterans who have served our country so well.
What steps he is taking with his international counterparts to improve troop mobility across Europe.
As we speak, Exercise Hedgehog is currently demonstrating the rapid deployment of the 4th Brigade by road, rail, sea and air to Estonia as part of NATO’s forward land force, with nearly 2,000 British service personnel in addition to those already permanently deployed to Estonia.
To keep Britain secure at home and strong abroad, we are working with our EU, NATO and JEF partners to enhance military mobility.
I thank the Minister for his answer.
The new Rail Baltica, under construction from Warsaw to Estonia, is a potentially useful project to assist troop movement, if needed in the future.
Does the Minister agree that we and our allies need to be agile to respond to the threats emanating from Russia, particularly in support of Baltic states such as Estonia?
I met the Estonian ambassador and, indeed, all ambassadors from JEF nations on board HMS Sutherland last week, and my hon.
Friend is absolutely right: fast, deployable forces are vital deterrents against Russian aggression.
They underline our key commitment to NATO’s eastern flank, and particularly our strong commitment to our friends in Estonia.
We will continue to have their backs and to ensure that we have forces deployed there, securing that nation’s freedom.
What steps he is taking to support jobs in the defence sector.
What steps he is taking to support jobs in the defence sector.
What steps he is taking to support jobs in the defence sector.
This Government are making defence an engine for growth across the UK.
Our forthcoming defence industrial strategy will grow a faster, more integrated, more innovative and resilient defence sector.
Prioritising UK-based firms for Government investment will drive economic growth, boost British jobs and strengthen national security.
We are sending a signal to the market and our adversaries: with a strong UK defence sector, we will make Britain secure at home and strong abroad.
Increasing our investment in defence not only bolsters our national security, but is an opportunity to support vital, skilled defence sector jobs and boost economic growth.
Will the forthcoming defence industrial strategy spread prosperity across the regions and nations of the UK, and will the Minister use defence procurement and investment to generate wealth and create high-quality jobs in the west of Scotland and make defence an engine for growth across Scotland?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that question.
We are delivering for defence across all the nations and regions.
The Clyde infrastructure programme—a £1.8 billion programme—will create skilled jobs in the west of Scotland over the next 40 years, while delivering our triple lock commitment on keeping the continuous at-sea deterrent.
I recently opened the Rolls-Royce submarines office in Glasgow, which aims to access skilled talent pools in his area to support Dreadnought and AUKUS-class boats.
As he said, this all goes to show that defence is an engine for growth.
General Dynamics already provides good jobs in south Wales.
As a former member of the Public Accounts Committee, I welcome plans to cut delivery times for the new communications and weapons systems of the future.
Does the Minister agree, however, that we need to overcome public scepticism about defence kits taking too long to get to the frontline?