I am delighted to pay tribute to Major Eales and so many other volunteers who are working to support our veterans.
Valour marks a departure from the PR-focused postcode lottery diet of short-term funding for headlines that we were fed by the last Tory Government.
No more sticking plasters for veterans; long-term, sustainable funding on a nationwide basis is what Operation Valour is delivering.
Will the Minister tell the House how much of the European Union’s €150 billion rearmament fund he anticipates will be available to our defence companies, who provide high quality jobs, and to our armed forces?
It is simply too early to say that about any of the nations, including all 27 EU nations.
What I can say is that today’s agreement is the necessary key that opens the door to that potential for our Government and our defence industry.
Over the weekend, a drone attack was launched targeting a number of regions, including Kyiv.
It was arguably the biggest drone strike since the full-scale invasion began.
While I am pleased that significant headway has been made between Russia and Ukraine regarding a possible prisoner swap, does the Minister agree that the Government must continue to urge for a wholesale ceasefire to ensure that no more civilian lives are lost?
A sustained, unconditional ceasefire is the quickest way to stop the killing while creating the space for serious talks to achieve a lasting peace.
President Zelensky has consistently shown his commitment to peace.
Putin has refused to meet Zelensky in person while continuing barbaric attacks on the Ukrainian people, as we saw once again over the weekend.
We will stand with Ukraine for as long as it takes.
If the Government end up paying a fee for British companies bidding for European defence contracts, will they charge the EU a fee when its companies want to bid for British defence contracts?
Any arrangements that we make will be in the best national interests of this country and the interests of our industry.
They will be fair, and they will ensure that our UK industry can participate fully in any programmes and make the biggest possible contribution alongside the European Union, within the context of NATO, to making European security stronger.
The recent E5 meeting marked a significant step towards greater strategic autonomy in Europe, with the security of Ukraine being central to that.
Does the Minister agree that, given the changing nature of the threats we face, working ever more closely with our NATO allies is crucial to keeping the UK secure and safe abroad?
I do indeed.
Our commitment to NATO is unshakeable, as is our commitment to our European friends, especially those along NATO’s eastern flank that are being threatened by Russian aggression.
We will continue to work with our friends, including: with Germany via the new Trinity House agreement; through the refreshed Lancaster House agreement; and with our EU friends via the security and defence agreement signed today.
That is a really important part of keeping Britain safe at home and secure abroad.
Will the Secretary of State delay putting before the House the remedial order until he is certain that the Government have a way of delivering the Prime Minister’s commitment to preventing Gerry Adams from claiming compensation?
The right hon.
Gentleman is a regular attender in this House, and I suggest that he be here on Wednesday for Northern Ireland questions to put that question directly to the Northern Ireland Secretary.
Only if there is the opportunity, I might add.
Does the Minister agree that shipyards—such as Methil in my constituency, which has been saved by this Government—have fantastic opportunities to benefit from increased defence spending in the UK, and from initiatives such as Programme Euston?
Will she continue to do all she can to identify opportunities for Scottish yards, including Methil?
I will certainly do that.