On behalf of the official Opposition, we send our best wishes to the Minister for Veterans and People,  the hon.
Member for Birmingham Selly Oak (Al Carns) , on his ascent of Everest.
On defence procurement, we will all have enjoyed the Red Arrows fly-past as part of our VE Day celebrations, but the fact is that the Hawk jet needs replacing.
Given that one of the publicly stated roles of the Red Arrows is “supporting British industry”, will the Secretary of State guarantee that the next jet for the Red Arrows will be designed and manufactured in the United Kingdom?
As a former procurement Minister, the shadow Secretary of State will know that the replacement of our jet trainer is long overdue.
He will have heard me say earlier that, for the first time, this is a Government who will look to direct British taxpayers’ defence investment to British-based firms, British-based jobs, British-based technology and British-based innovation.
If he will make it his policy to negotiate a defence and security agreement with the EU.
If he will make it his policy to negotiate a defence and security agreement with the EU.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of a security and defence partnership with the EU on NATO.
This is a Government delivering for defence.
Today we have agreed a new bespoke and ambitious security and defence partnership between the United Kingdom and the European Union.
The SDP will strengthen NATO, the cornerstone of the UK’s defence, and it will grow the economy.
It allows us to step up more effectively together on European security against growing Russian aggression and the increasing threats that we face.
The ill-advised decision to leave the EU in 2016 saw us leave the European Defence Agency at the same time.
With defence expenditure rising at record rates across Europe in response to the invasion of Ukraine, the EDA has a vital role to play in our national security.
What plans do the Government have to secure a more effective working relationship with Europe’s defence procurement strategy and to form stronger links with the EDA?
Quite simply, the answer to both the hon.
Gentleman’s first question and his second question is exactly the partnership deal that we have signed this afternoon.
I welcome the news that the UK is deepening defence ties with the European Union, including participation in the €150 billion Security Action for Europe, or SAFE, defence fund.
However, given that France has previously said that it wants the UK’s access to be limited to 15%, will the Secretary of State confirm what level of access has been agreed?
This is a big step today—a broad and bespoke agreement between the European Union and the UK on security and defence—but it is a first step.
Settling the details and the terms of access for European programmes, including the SAFE funding programme, is exactly the task beyond today.
Before being elected, I was proud to serve alongside our European allies, including French, Dutch and Estonian forces, in Afghanistan and elsewhere.
In the face of Russian aggression in Ukraine, it is more important than ever that we build on those alliances to strengthen European security.
Can the Secretary of State tell us how we can do more to strengthen European mechanisms for security, such as the joint expeditionary force, to build our collective security?
My hon.
Friend is right about the joint expeditionary force, and he is right to emphasise the importance of the step today.
While NATO is the cornerstone of our European security—and recognised as such by the European Union in its White Paper—the  step today will mean that we will be able to upgrade our co-operation with the European Union on the mobility of military matériel and personnel, on maritime and space security, on irregular migration and on protecting our critical infrastructure.