Gentleman makes an excellent point on behalf of his community, as well as rural communities more widely, about the role of volunteer drivers.
We need volunteer drivers across a range of areas—in fact, my husband is out volunteering as I speak, driving for another charity.
We need more of these people.
There are plenty of opportunities for people who have time, and NHS England will continue to work with ICBs to make sure we take forward the best of what we already have into the rest of the NHS.
I thank the Minister for her answers so far.
Prior to my election, I spent 23 years running a volunteer programme in the NHS, including during covid and the covid response.
We should thank not only all the volunteers who have been involved, but those who run the volunteer programmes locally.
Local infrastructure is important.
It is all well and good having a national system, but where the infrastructure works well, the system works well.
Where the system does not work well, it is due to lack of local infrastructure.
What steps is the Minister putting in place to ensure that local infrastructure can support volunteering and make things better for all those who contribute?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that contribution and her service in that role.
She is absolutely right to highlight not just the people who come forward, but the people who run that local infrastructure.
As I said in my opening remarks, much of this work is done at a local level.
The learning we must take from what the national scheme did is how we bring that together in a crisis.
We want to make sure that the learning is spread across the country and that we can use digital technology and a portal, where that suits the many people coming forward.
She is absolutely right about local infrastructure and people to make sure things happen.
They are best placed to know where the service gaps are and where the people are who can support them.
They provide an important link.
We will make sure that that is part of our 10-year plan.
I thank the Minister for her answers.
The importance of the work of the voluntary sector in the NHS cannot ever be overstated, whether it is those who volunteer to help people find their way around the hospital maze, those who provide vital phone support and work within communities or the volunteers in hospital radio.
It is a huge loss, and the question is clear: who will replace these volunteers and the support they have given, which has made such a difference to so many at a time of vulnerability when they need it most?
The hon.
Member is absolutely right.
We should be clear that the NHS and the care system need people.
He is right about many hospitals being a maze and the importance of that friendly face to greet someone when they go into hospital.
They are knowledgeable and know that most people go into hospital not for a good reason, so they recognise the anxiety people have when they enter those places.
We know the cheer that is brought by hospital radio and so on.
I just gently correct the hon.
Member: we are not losing the volunteers.
This is a change to a contractual arrangement, so the volunteers are still there.
We still want to make sure that they come forward, as we have discussed.
Volunteering is more generally handled by local situations, and this is about the best way we can get the national system to spread into a local system.
We need the local infrastructure, and we need to keep encouraging people to come forward.
I hope that, as a result of this urgent question this afternoon, we are highlighting the role of volunteers and that more people will come forward.