Why leave a gap?
The telephone helpline is open only until  31 May , so what happens if people need support after that?
Will the Minister explain why the decision was taken so suddenly and which Minister signed it off?
The volunteer website says that the decision was taken due to financial pressures, so can the Minister tell us how much the scheme costs?
What is that cost as a proportion of the total NHS budget?
The Public Accounts Committee report published last week on the reorganisation of NHS England was damning.
The Secretary of State said he would
“devolve more resources and responsibility to the frontline, to deliver…a better service for patients.
”—[Official Report,  13 May 2025 ; Vol.
763, c. 1286.]
However, cancelling the volunteer programme takes services away from the frontline.
This seems to be yet another example of Labour rushing into decisions without thinking them through properly, and yet another promise broken by this Government at the expense of the most vulnerable people.
The hon.
Lady is right to highlight the tremendous effort that went into establishing the programme very quickly at a time of great crisis, and to thank the hundreds of thousands of volunteers across the country who took part and stepped up.
It was a huge effort to get the scheme running and we were all very grateful for it.
Everyone learned a great deal from that; as I outlined in my initial response, we will be taking forward those lessons as we look at the role of volunteering in the future.
The hon.
Lady says that the changes have come out of nowhere; they have not.
We are looking critically across the piece as we fix the foundations of our NHS and ensure that it is fit for the future.
We are looking at the most cost-effective means of delivering the same outcome, which is why we will be moving to a centralised portal for part of this work.
We have emailed people about that; some people may not have scrolled to the bottom of that email, where there is an option to push a button to register their details, so that they will be updated as new systems come online and we can make sure that we do not lose that great volunteering spirit.
That is about digital techniques for the future, using the most cost-effective means and developing clear outcomes.
Does the Minister agree with me that as we rebuild our NHS, volunteers at NHS trusts will not be used to plug gaps in service and staff will be allowed to focus on clinical matters?
I am happy to give my hon.
Friend an absolute assurance.
Volunteers support and complement the existing workforce; they do not replace it.
Including volunteers signals a recognition of the important role they play in supporting staff, services and patients.
Many hon.
Members are volunteers and we have all seen how those volunteers can support the wider system.
However, it is important that we keep our staff and respect their important roles.
I call the spokesperson for the Liberal Democrats.
I was a volunteer vaccination steward during the pandemic, and the Liberal Democrats are hugely grateful to the thousands of volunteers who have made a difference to the lives of patients and vulnerable people in their communities since the pandemic ended.
Their compassion and commitment have been inspiring.
We are concerned that the end of the programme has been announced at extremely short notice; there will be no further shifts in just 12 days’ time.
Will the Minister reassure the House that those currently receiving help from the volunteer scheme, such as collecting prescriptions or fetching shopping, will not be left high and dry after next Saturday?
Has the Department conducted an impact assessment?
If so, will it publish it?