Does the Minister agree that shipyards—such as Methil in my constituency, which has been saved by this Government—have fantastic opportunities to benefit from increased defence spending in the UK, and from initiatives such as Programme Euston?
Will she continue to do all she can to identify opportunities for Scottish yards, including Methil?
I will certainly do that.
Programme Euston is a £2 billion investment aiming to deliver resilient out-of-water engineering capability at His Majesty’s naval base Clyde by the early 2030s.
Market engagement is under way, but it is too early for me to let my hon.
Friend know of any kind of outcome.
However, I recognise the skills and experience at Methil, and I welcome the certainty that Navantia UK’s purchase of Harland and Wolff has brought to that facility.
I look forward to seeing any bids that come in.
The number of nuclear safety incidents at Faslane and Coulport is on the rise.
They include six incidents in the last 12 months in which there was actual or high potential for radioactive release into the Scottish environment.
The Ministry of Defence has ceased providing information to either the Scottish Government or the Scottish people about the nature of these incidents.
Furthermore, the Ministry of Defence has stopped providing information to the Infrastructure and Projects Authority so that it can grade nuclear projects on value for money and success likelihood.
What does the Secretary of State think about this veil of secrecy over the nuclear enterprise?
I reject any accusation of a veil of secrecy.
I will look into the allegations that the hon.
Gentleman makes, and I will write to him, or can meet him, if that is helpful.
Joining a cadet force offers young people a fantastic opportunity to develop key skills, including enhanced communication skills, and to improve their self-confidence and physical and mental wellbeing.
What steps are the Government taking to support the cadets, and to encourage more young people to join and obtain life-changing skills?
I agree with my hon.
Friend: joining the cadets is a great opportunity for any young person, and provides a lifetime’s-worth of skills.
The Government are looking to make further announcements in support of our cadets, because the work that they do nationwide is exceptional, and the cadets are a superb platform for young people to build a career on.
The British defence company Babcock employs over 2,000 people from my constituency.
The long-awaited strategic defence review is due any day now, so will the Secretary of State set out how the Government will do more to prioritise British defence jobs, and British firms that will not only provide training and employment opportunities in the UK, but help to develop the vital sovereign capability that has never been more critical for our national security?
We will indeed.
We will set out in our defence industrial strategy the detail that the hon.
Lady wants.
She mentions Babcock, which has welcomed today’s UK-EU agreement as a step forward, describing it as strengthening the critical defence partnership between the EU and the UK in uncertain times.
I am sure that she will welcome that as well.
I welcome the recent investment of £117 million in Rock barracks in my constituency, which will deliver new living accommodation, technical facilities and a much-needed upgrade to assets by spring 2030.
What plans does the Department have to bring unused military homes back into use for families in Suffolk Coastal?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her welcome for that investment in her constituency.
We have to do more to improve housing for military families, including in Suffolk Coastal.
The defence housing strategy work includes an extensive review of our entire service family accommodation portfolio to determine how we will use our properties.
It will report later this year; she will then know more.