In dodging last week’s peace talks in Turkey, President Putin proved once again that he has no interest in stopping the fighting; his goal remains the subjugation of Ukraine.
Moreover, this afternoon’s reported phone call between Putin and President Trump once again presents the alarming possibility that, between them, the Kremlin and the White House will agree a carve-up of Ukraine, which would be utterly intolerable.
What more are the Government doing to invest directly in Kyiv’s weapon production to ensure we strengthen Ukraine’s ability to resist Putin’s war machine, resist attempts at a carve-up by Putin and Trump, and secure maximum leverage for any peace negotiations?
Mr Speaker, I was waiting to hear whether the hon.
Lady had got the wrong question, but she fitted it in and it was in order, so I congratulate her on that.
We are co-operating across different European arrangements, and our own, to ensure we can supply Ukraine.
We in the UK have stepped up, spending £4.5 billion this year.
We co-ordinate a lot of the UK and European-wide efforts to ensure that Ukraine can stand up to the aggression it still faces from Russia, no matter what President Putin or anybody else has to say about it.
Whether he has had recent discussions with his EU counterparts on UK access to the European rearmament fund.
The landmark agreement secured today will complement our bilateral partnerships with European countries.
It will pave the way for UK defence industries to participate in EU defence programmes, supporting thousands of British jobs, boosting growth and making our continent safer.
I am pleased that today the United Kingdom is hosting a summit in London to reset our relationship with Europe—yet another sign that this Labour Government are restoring our reputation as a global power after it was trashed by a decade of Tory incompetence.
Will my right hon.
Friend outline what steps are being taken to ensure that our world-leading defence industry can access the European rearmament fund, to drive economic prosperity at home, benefit my constituents, and strengthen security across Europe?
The UK and the EU will use this opportunity to explore closer collaboration across defence industrial initiatives in a way that will support economic growth and jobs on both sides, and help to prevent fragmentation across our shared industrial base.
We can now go on to discuss a bilateral agreement to facilitate participation in EU schemes such as ReArm and SAFE—Security Action for Europe.
What financial commitment will the UK have to make to participate in the fund?
Any financial commitment that has to be made will be subject to the further discussions that I have just set out.
Today’s agreement enables us to discuss bilaterally what arrangements we can make to have access to those programmes.
What steps he is taking to improve support for LGBT veterans.
I am sure the whole House will join me, on the death of Lord Etherton, in passing on our condolences and sympathy to his friends and family.
His legacy will  continue to shape an inclusive and fair future for our armed forces community.
The LGBT financial recognition scheme has a budget of £75 million, which is 50% higher than that set by the previous Government.
The Ministry of Defence has made £90,000 available for grants to charities, including Royal British Legion and Fighting With Pride, to support LGBT veterans in completing their applications.
One of my constituents was outed and then dismissed from the RAF when he was just 21, an experience that affected his whole life, so I was very pleased to hear that last week his application for compensation under the LGBT financial recognition scheme was accepted and that he is due to receive his payment shortly.