In fairness, if I am wrong about that and she has raised it, I invite her to say so now, and I will happily withdraw the remark that she has not raised it in the House in the eight years she has been here, until today.
The Prime Minister is being very specific.
I have raised this issue: I have raised it in speeches, and I have raised it publicly.
The Prime Minister knows that as a Minister I would not have been speaking on this specific issue, because I was not a Home Office Minister, but let me remind him about other victims who came to me whom I did help.
The victims of the Tavistock scandal came to me, as a Minister, and I did not send them away, like his Safeguarding Minister.
I made sure, as his Labour party was calling me transphobic, that we launched the Cass review, which even his Health Secretary has accepted.
We do right by victims.
The reason why a national inquiry is important is that this issue is systemic.
It involves local and national officials, the police, prosecutors and politicians.
The Prime Minister talks about some of the local inquiries, but these interlinked issues cannot be covered by local inquiries alone.
In fact, the leaders of the Manchester inquiry resigned because they could not get evidence, they could not summon witnesses, and not a single person in a position of authority has been held to account.
The Prime Minister called for nine inquiries during the last Parliament.
Does he not see that resisting this one means that people will start to worry about a cover-up?
This is an important issue, and we have to focus on the victims and survivors.
The lies, misinformation and slinging of mud do not help them one bit.
The right hon.
Lady raised a victim’s question, and quite rightly too.
I accept that victims and survivors are in different places on this.
Those I have spoken to are worried about the delay of a further inquiry.
The last inquiry took seven years, which would take us to 2031.
Among the issues that have been raised with me—the right hon.
Lady has been speaking to victims, and they will have raised this with her—is that it is very hard for victims and survivors to come forward to explain what has happened to them.
They do not want to be rushed through this process, which is why the last one took seven years.
It is not sensible to suggest that it can be done in a hurry, on the cheap and comprehensively.
That would take us to, let us say, 2030 or 2031.
The victims I have spoken to want action today.
I agree with them on that, but what I genuinely do not understand is why anybody would vote against the children’s wellbeing Bill, which will protect children who are vulnerable today.
It will kill the Bill.
It will stop the provisions for children at risk today.
I implore the Opposition to vote for the Bill.
Do not wreck it in this misguided way.
It is very possible to have shorter inquiries, especially if they cover areas that have not been looked at yet.
We do not need to repeat the work that has already been done; let us look at new areas.
Former Labour MP Ann Cryer said that there were councillors and MPs all over the country who knew what was going on but were terrified of being labelled racist.
A national inquiry would ask if there was a racial or cultural motivation behind some of these crimes, where white girls were seen, as Jack Straw said, as “easy meat”.
The hon.
Member for Rotherham (Sarah Champion)  was sacked from Labour’s Front Bench for speaking out about rape gangs.
Does the Prime Minister now recognise that sacking people for telling the truth creates a chilling effect that means victims are not listened to?