Setting aside the matter of grooming gangs, the Opposition amendment on today’s Order Paper sets out very clearly why the Bill that we will be debating is so deeply flawed.
If it is to become an Act of Parliament, it will have to be completely rewritten in Committee.
The Prime Minister has made much from the Dispatch Box of his service as the public prosecutor, so could he tell the House why, during his time in that capacity, he declined to instigate a prosecution, for rape and sexual abuse, against Mohamed Fayed?
That case never crossed my desk.
That completes Prime Minister’s questions.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
During an answer about police numbers, the Prime Minister said that someone on the Conservative Benches shouted “Boring!”
May I correct the record following a request from Hansard?
I actually  said “Bingo!”,
because of the repetitive and overused clichés that the Prime Minister was using.
You have corrected the record.
I would not have owned up in the way you did, but there we are.
Motion for leave to bring in a Bill ( Standing Order No.
23 )
I beg to move,
That leave be given to bring in a Bill to prohibit quantitative easing; to prohibit the Government from indemnifying any losses that may result from quantitative easing; and for connected purposes.
The purpose of this draft legislation is to ensure that the state is as economically accountable to the people as the people are to the state.
That means terminating the state’s ability to debase the value of money through practices such as quantitative easing, which is not an option for the individual.
Clipping, sweating, plugging and cutting are forms of coin debasement either by Government or individuals.
The most famous modern UK example was the great debasement between 1544 and 1551, when Henry VIII reduced the gold and silver content of coinage by the use of base metals such as copper in order to fund his bacchanalian overspending and wars with France.
It has been a common feature of Government behaviour over the 5,000 years of gold trading history, and it continues today in the form of quantitative easing.
With no gold standard to constrain unproductive investment and direct capital to sound and profitable investment ventures, policymakers today have become obsessed with short-term stimuli centred on the performance of stock and bond markets.
Central banks have become uncontrolled, unconstrained and reckless in their pursuit of delivering non-stop, unsustainable global growth driven by credit.
QE is what third-world dictators used to indulge in shortly before their currencies descended into chaos, but it has now become a mainstream tool to avoid the Darwinian reality of capitalism.
History is littered with examples of Governments, dictators and kings abusing their hard-working citizens.
Coinage during Rome’s ascendant years was bolder, larger and widely accepted, but it reduced in size, weight and content as her empire waned.
There was John Law’s Mississippi scheme in France in 1716 to 1720, when he and the Duke of Orléans, who was regent for Louis XV, presided over an establishment-backed scheme on the premise that paper money was preferrable to gold or a metal-backed currency, and that shares were a superior form of money as they paid dividends.
It was, in essence, the first national central bank.
It ended in chaotic collapse, and it badly damaged France and her economy.
National debt was supported by printed money in the same way as today through QE via central banks globally.
I fear that the ending will be the same in due course.
In Weimar Germany, after the first world war, the Reichsbank had become accustomed to printing money to fund the wartime economy, increasing marks in circulation from two billion to 45 billion between 1914 and 1919.
State debt rose by 30 times, from 5 billion marks to 153 billion marks.