We want AI developers to have the legal certainty that they need to develop their products in the UK as UK producers, and for creative industries to know when their works are being used, so that if they want to say no they can say no, and if they want to say yes they will be properly remunerated for it.
What progress his Department has made on supporting technological innovation to accelerate NHS diagnostic processes.
My Department is working incredibly closely with the Department of Health and Social Care, and the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care and I are joined at the hip on these issues.
That includes unprecedented investment in research and development to understand how better to diagnose disease.
There is co-investment in initiatives such as health innovation networks, which have enabled 1.2 million patients to access proven innovations, and the digital centre of Government, which we have created, is partnering closely with the NHS to improve the deployment and innovation of technology.
I thank the Secretary of State for his response.
My constituency of Cannock Chase has wide health inequalities, and particularly high levels of respiratory illness and bladder and brain cancer.
In some parts of the country, NHS trusts are rapidly speeding up diagnostic waiting times by using highly accurate AI models, with the results checked by human clinicians.
Will the Secretary of State confirm that the Government are supporting such safe tech innovations to help fulfil our mission to build an NHS fit for the future?
I can indeed commit to that.
The Government see the embrace of proven technologies and innovation as fundamental to the future survival of the NHS.
I was incredibly happy to see that last autumn, the Royal Wolverhampton NHS trust began enrolling patients in a global-first trial of completely personalised cancer vaccines, as part of a £1 billion investment negotiated by my Department.
That shows the way forward and how co-operation between Departments will deliver for patients and public service users across the country.
Early diagnosis saves lives.
Randox in my constituency runs a number of NHS health checks from the Isle of Wight through to Lanarkshire.
Will the Secretary of State encourage greater use of those checks, and will he visit Randox with me to see how we can further advance that technology?
I confirm that I have been working with the Health Secretary—indeed, we recently visited St Tommy’s across the road from here to see how new technology is being used in diagnostics.
It is increasing the number of scans and improving the quality of those scans to diagnose disease early and prevent it from having the worst outcome.
That is being rolled out across the country, and I am working closely with the Health Secretary to ensure that such innovations are put to good use for the country.
I call the Chair of the Science, Innovation and Technology Committee.
Last month, the Select Committee brought festive cheer by hearing how British science is advancing the eradication of diseases such as cervical cancer, HIV/AIDS and malaria, through innovative and exciting new treatments and diagnostics.
We also heard about the challenges of driving innovation through the NHS.
Newcastle company AMLo Biosciences said that adoption is much quicker in the US, and others criticised bureaucratic procurement processes and a culture of inertia.
Successive Governments have struggled with this challenge, so  what specific steps is the Secretary of State taking with the Health Secretary to ensure that British patients benefit from innovation?
I am grateful for that question and for the work that my hon.
Friend’s Committee is doing to highlight the incredibly important challenge that we face as a Government and a country.
For the first time, the Health Secretary has adopted the spreading of innovation through the NHS as a personal mission as part of the role of the Secretary of State, and we co-chair the Office for Life Sciences.