We will also reform the right to buy, to deliver a fairer, better value and more sustainable scheme where long-standing tenants can buy their own home.
Over the past 10 years, more than £500 million has been handed to holiday home owners in Cornwall through various tax loopholes, while local families are being evicted from their homes to make way for yet more holiday homes.
As the housing crisis worsens, the six Cornwall MPs are determined to reverse this situation and address the issues before the end of this Parliament.
Will the Prime Minister agree to meet us, so that we get the full backing of Government and deliver first, rather than second, homes for the good of Cornwall and the Isles of Scilly?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for raising this matter.
We are committed to building those 1.5 million homes, which includes 4,500 new homes every year in Cornwall.
I do recognise the point that the hon.
Member makes, which is that excessive concentrations of short-term lets and second homes in places such as Cornwall can impact the availability and affordability of homes.
That is why we will enable councils to charge a premium on the council tax bills of second homes, abolish the furnished home lettings regime and introduce a registration scheme for short-term lets.
I am happy to make sure that he and his Cornish colleagues get the meeting that they want with the Housing Minister to discuss that further.
This Government are committed to using the criminal justice system to tackle violence against women and girls, but when an abuser can use a child custody battle to continue their abuse, as has happened in the case of  one of my constituents, it is clear that we need to raise the issue in the civil courts too.
Will the Prime Minister please look at ending the absurd assumption that a domestic abuser’s involvement in a child’s live is advantageous to their welfare?
Yes, absolutely.
My hon.
Friend is right; family courts must never be a tool that domestic abusers can use to continue their appalling abuse.
That is why we are expanding the number of new pathfinder courts to provide dedicated support to survivors and protect the welfare of children.
We are reviewing the presumption of parental involvement and will set out our position in due course.
I will make sure that he meets the relevant Minister to discuss this further.
May I associate myself with the remarks of the Liberal Democrat leader and others today?
I wish a happy new year to everyone, but 2025 is already proving a challenge for many of my constituents—pensioners, families, small businesses, the hospitality industry, GPs and social care providers, as others have said.
They know that the SNP has failed to deliver for Scotland.
They hear the Prime Minister when he says that the Conservatives left the economy in a mess, and they know that Governments have to make difficult decisions.
But what they are asking me is: when will this Government do something positive for them to overcome the negative impacts that they are facing from the Budget?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her question.
May I express to her something that I should have expressed to the Leader of the Liberal Democrats, which is our condolences about Jenny Randerson?
I apologise; I overlooked that earlier.
The hon.
Lady raises the failure of the SNP and the legacy of the Tories.
I am proud that this Labour Government delivered the largest budget settlement for Scotland since devolution.
That means, in answer to her question, that 100,000 workers in Scotland benefit from the increases to the national minimum and living wages each year.
An estimated 3.2 million people in Scotland will benefit from the extension of the 5p cut in fuel duty, which of course comes on top of the £125 million to set up Great British Energy in Aberdeen.