Community pharmacists like Dipak play a vital role in our health service.
As she knows, the Department of Health and Social Care sets drug tariff prices and regularly assesses what pharmacies are reimbursed to ensure that overall they are paid fairly.
If the hon.
Lady is prepared to share the details further with me, I will have a review carried out by the team of the case she has raised.
Last year, I was honoured to accept an invitation from the European Jewish Association to go to Krakow and discuss the role of Holocaust education in tackling the rising tide of antisemitism across Europe.
We also visited Auschwitz and Auschwitz-Birkenau, where we laid wreaths and paid tribute to the many victims of the Holocaust.
Given that this month marks the 80th anniversary of the liberation of those evil places, will the Prime Minister set out what this Government are doing on Holocaust education to ensure that never again means never again?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that.
Antisemitism is completely abhorrent and has no place whatsoever in our society.
I recently met Jewish community leaders in Downing Street to discuss what further we can do to combat antisemitism, and that includes allocating £54 million for the Community Security Trust to continue its vital work, committing to building a new Holocaust memorial and learning centre and providing at least £2.2 million to continue the funding for Lessons from Auschwitz.
I look forward to working with others on those important proposals.
Businesses such as Hicks in Harpenden, charities such as the Hospice of St Francis in Berkhamsted, and health and social care providers such as the Elms medical practice in Harpenden, are among those up and down this country that are warning the Government about the negative impact of the proposed changes to national insurance contributions.
When will the Prime Minister heed those  warnings and, at the very least, look at exemptions for health and social care providers, as has been done for the NHS?
We had to deliver a Budget to wipe the slate clean, to deliver a stable basis for our economy and, at the same time, to repair our public services.
That is why we invested £25.6 billion over two years in the NHS, including additional funding for GPs and hospices.
We are taking measures to ensure that funding is there to support our vital services.
Every week, I visit constituents living in the most appalling, overcrowded social housing, some with triple bunk beds in the bedroom and the parents on a sofa bed in the living room.
The nearest available property to buy would be £500,000, and that is out of reach for these hard-working families.
I really welcome our Government’s commitment to 1.5 million new homes.
Will the Prime Minister agree that we need clear targets for the number of social housing units, so that families in Hackney can live in dignity?
My hon.
Friend describes an appalling housing situation, and one that will be familiar to a number of MPs on both sides of the House.
That is why we will deliver the 1.5 million homes that we desperately need across the country.
The Budget announced £500 million for the affordable homes programme—that is hugely important—£100 million of which will go the Greater London Authority.
We will also reform the right to buy, to deliver a fairer, better value and more sustainable scheme where long-standing tenants can buy their own home.
Over the past 10 years, more than £500 million has been handed to holiday home owners in Cornwall through various tax loopholes, while local families are being evicted from their homes to make way for yet more holiday homes.
As the housing crisis worsens, the six Cornwall MPs are determined to reverse this situation and address the issues before the end of this Parliament.