Will she be doing some evaluation of the cost and benefits of investing in kinship care, so that we can reduce not just the cost to the child, but the cost to the taxpayer of expensive child social care?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
In my time with her on the Public Accounts Committee, I learned all too well the importance of those principles.
The previous Government had work under way on understanding not just the benefits for children of staying close to those who can care for them best, but the spiralling costs and the need to take action.
However, what we did not see from that Government was action, and that is why we are today making sure that we deliver better for our children.
This Bill gives the Government, through the Secretary of State, the power to introduce a profit cap.
Providers should take note: we will not hesitate to use this power to protect our most vulnerable children.
Children must always have somewhere to live if private providers unexpectedly collapse.
That is why this Bill introduces a new financial oversight scheme to increase transparency and strengthen forward planning.
Children need support when they leave care, too, so the Bill will require all local authorities to offer care leavers emotional and practical support through the Staying Close programme—support in finding a great place to live, support in accessing the right services at the right time, and support in going on to live a healthy, happy life.
The Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill provides the safe and secure foundation that all children need, and it builds on that foundation with urgent reform to all our schools, so that every child can achieve and thrive.
That means schools being at the beating heart of their communities.
That is why this Bill legislates for free breakfast clubs in every state-funded primary school, so that children get a welcoming, softer start to the day.
It means schools where children come together to eat, learn and grow.
It is good for attendance, good for attainment and good for behaviour.
Before my election, I spent nearly 20 years as a secondary school teacher, seeing at first hand the devastating effects of food poverty on children’s health, concentration and academic performance.
I welcome the introduction of free breakfast clubs in primary schools, which will improve child health and learning outcomes in England, as seen in Wales.
However, I urge further action to ensure that all children can thrive.
Will the Government consider extending free breakfasts to secondary school students, and will consideration be given to access to free school lunches as well?
We will of course always keep further action under review.
Through the child poverty taskforce, which I co-chair the Work and Pensions Secretary, we are considering what further action is required to make sure that families have more money in their pockets and can increase their income, and will take action.
The growing number of children we have seen in poverty in our country is a source of national shame, and Conservative Members are responsible for that record.
School uniform is important for building a sense of community, but too many families tell us that the cost remains a heavy burden, so our Bill limits the number of branded items that schools can require pupils to have, putting money back in parents’ pockets.
I want children in school and ready to learn, and that is why the Government’s plan for change sets a milestone for record numbers of five-year-olds reaching a good level of development.
That is vital for giving every child the best start in life, but that is just the beginning, because I want high and rising standards for every child in every school.
That is one of the surest ways that we can break the link between background and success for millions of children.
That matters for every child, not just a lucky few.