The wrecking amendment that the Leader of the Opposition has tabled would block the very important, very serious measures that the Conservatives have been telling us for days they want to see put in place.
If they want those measures, they need to support them.
The right hon.
Member for Beverley and Holderness (Graham Stuart)  mentioned uniformity, but the only uniform measures I can see in the Bill are about saving parents money on uniform bills, which I think we can all welcome.
Does the Secretary of State agree that the fragmentation of the school system created by the last Government led to many young people falling through the gaps, which is a huge issue?
I will come on to the wider point of collaboration later in my speech.
Collaboration across the school system is crucial, but my hon.
Friend is right to draw attention to the really important measures in the Bill that will put more money back in parents’ pockets by cutting the cost of school uniforms and bringing in breakfast clubs in primary schools across our country.
This is child-centred legislation through and through—legislation that backs parents to do the best for their children.
This Government are on a mission to break down the barriers to opportunity, driven forward by the plan for change unveiled by the Prime Minister in December.
The Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill is a huge step forward in that journey of reform, starting with child safety and building from there.
It is an agenda for excellence—for safe and secure childhoods, because healthy and happy futures are built on nothing less.
It is an agenda for excellence—for high and rising standards, because we will accept nothing less.
It is an agenda for excellence—for a top-quality core offer in all of our schools, because parents demand nothing less.
It is an agenda for excellence, because every child in this country deserves nothing less.
That is what mission-led government is all about: child-centred action across Departments, between professions and through partnership.
What matters about families is not the shape that they have, but the love they give.
That is why, back in October, we announced the expansion of our work on fostering and on the trialling of a new kinship care allowance.
It is why, in November, I came to this House to set out the biggest reform of children’s social care in  a generation.
It is why this Government then backed those changes with almost £300 million of investment, including the biggest ever investment in kinship care.
It is why today I return to this House to cement our reforms in legislation, and to build a children’s social care system that is forward-looking, excellence-driven and child-centred.
Our first priority is to keep children with their family wherever it is safe to do so, so the Bill mandates all local authorities to offer family group decision making.
With the guidance of skilled professionals, families with children at risk of falling into care will be supported to build a plan that works for them.
We are strengthening support for kinship care, so that vulnerable children can live with the people they know and trust, wherever that is possible.
However, despite the best efforts of all involved, some children will inevitably need to enter care, so we must reform the system so that it works for them.
I know that Members right across this House share my outrage at the excessive and exploitative profit making that we have seen from some private providers.
It is shameful, it is unacceptable, and it will end.
I know that my right hon.
Friend has a good head for numbers.
Will she be doing some evaluation of the cost and benefits of investing in kinship care, so that we can reduce not just the cost to the child, but the cost to the taxpayer of expensive child social care?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.