There is, of course, still work to do, but this is a major step forward.
I call the leader of the Liberal Democrats.
Happy new year, Mr Speaker.
I join others in offering my personal condolences to the Prime Minister on the loss of his brother.
May I take this opportunity to express my sadness at the passing of a much-loved member of the Liberal Democrat family, Baroness Jenny Randerson?
Fixing the care crisis is urgent for the millions of elderly and disabled people who are not getting the care they need, for the millions of family carers who are making huge sacrifices to fill the gap, and for the NHS, when over 12,000 people are stuck in hospital beds and cannot get out of hospital because the care is not there for them.
The Prime Minister is right to say that we need a cross-party approach, but as Sir Andrew Dilnot has said today, that need not take three years.
Will the Prime Minister please speed up that work so that 2025 is the year we finally rise to the challenge of fixing care?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for raising this important issue and thank him for his condolences.
Yes, we do need to get this right.
I want a cross-party consensus on the issue and I invite him to work with us, as I know he will.
It is important and he is right to say that we need some action now.
We have taken immediate action by providing £3.7 billion of additional funding in the Budget for social care and another £86 million to allow 7,800 more disabled and elderly people to live more independent lives, and we have increased the carer’s allowance.
We have set this up in stages, so we can act and improve as we go along, while making sure we have consensus for the bigger changes that may be proposed in the review.
I invite him and Members from across the House to work with us, so we can get this right and ensure what we put in place endures beyond just a few years.
If the Government do not bring in long-term social care reforms this year, their NHS reforms in this Parliament will fail, so I hope the Prime Minister will revisit the timetable.
Moving on, while  the hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage)  may miss out on his big allowance from Elon Musk, the spectre of the richest man in the world trying to buy a British political party should give us all pause for thought.
After years of the Conservatives taking millions of pounds of Russian money, will the Prime Minister now work with us to bring in long overdue reforms to party funding, so that power in this country lies with the voters, not wealthy overseas oligarchs?
I think we all had a smile on Sunday when  the hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage)  said how cool it was to have the support of Musk, only for Musk to say he should be removed just a few hours later—that is the rough and tough of politics.
Of course, we are looking at the question of funding more generally.
I welcome the efforts this Labour Government have made to reset our relationship with the European Union and to seek  to remove unnecessary trade barriers.
The trading links between the UK and mainland Europe are of particular importance to my constituency, so will the Prime Minister support my efforts, and those of other Kent colleagues, to restore an international train service to Ashford International station to help economic growth in my constituency, Kent and the wider south-east?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this question.
Businesses in his constituency have been badly let down by the deal made by the last Government.
We are resetting and strengthening that relationship, on the economy, energy and security, to deliver the growth we need.