While the Conservative party did make some progress over the past 14 years, it must reckon with its many failures.
For example, one in four children leaves primary school without meeting the expected standard in reading, writing and maths.
Tens of thousands of children do not secure good maths or English GCSEs.
One in five children is regularly absent from school; they are unable to learn if they are not there, and hold back their classmates when they return.
There are also hundreds of thousands of children in schools that perform poorly year after year.
Protecting the foundations should not mean that we do not build on them.
After a decade of stagnation—I say a decade because Conservative Members will remember a time when they had an Education Secretary who was determined to deliver reform—now is the time to press on and, once again, deliver for our children.
Members will see in the Bill a respect for the fundamentals, twinned with the drive to go further and deliver high and rising standards for each and every child.
We inherited a system that was too fragmented, and that too often incentivised harmful competition over helpful collaboration.
The Secretary of State gives a lot of important statistics about how our children are developing, but their mental  health and wellbeing is also important.
Will she consider a national wellbeing measurement, so we can look at improving the wellbeing of our children?
I welcome the hon.
Lady’s interest in this area, because I share her concern about the growing number of children in our country who are deeply unhappy, and the growing challenge of mental ill health and ensuring wellbeing.
Far too many children do not receive access to timely support, and we are looking carefully at the issue that she identifies.
On children’s welfare and making sure that children start the school day in the best position to learn, I thank my right hon.
Friend for bringing forward plans for breakfast clubs, so that children are ready to learn, not only because they have had a good meal, but because they are eased into the school day.
Does she agree that that will help young children, and particularly kids with special educational needs, to learn?
I agree with my hon.
Friend.
We have been led by the evidence on this, which is clear: this measure provides real support to parents at the start of the school day, but also delivers benefits for children’s learning, development, academic outcomes and behaviour.
I am delighted that in April we will start rolling out the first pilot across schools, including schools serving children with special educational needs and disabilities, demonstrating the difference that this Labour Government will make to children’s life chances.
I am sure that all Members of the House share the right hon.
Lady’s objective of ensuring that children get the best education and have the best educational outcomes possible, but why is she dismantling the infrastructure that has delivered improvements?
We have specialist schools, schools able to attract the best teachers, and schools able to tailor their curriculum to their pupils.
Why does she want to dismantle that, if she wants to improve educational standards?
That is just not the case.
I invite him to read the Bill, and I will come on to further measures that we are proposing.
If we believe that every child deserves the best, that every classroom deserves a top teacher, and that every state school must be a great school, we cannot have excellence for some children and “just fine” or “okay” for the rest.
We need all schools, working together, to deliver a national, high-quality core offer for all children, and to have the flexibility to innovate beyond that, so that parents know that wherever they live and whatever their local school, this Government are their child’s greatest champion.
The best schools and trusts do incredible work, day in, day out, and I pay tribute to them.