I am proud that this Labour Government delivered the largest budget settlement for Scotland since devolution.
That means, in answer to her question, that 100,000 workers in Scotland benefit from the increases to the national minimum and living wages each year.
An estimated 3.2 million people in Scotland will benefit from the extension of the 5p cut in fuel duty, which of course comes on top of the £125 million to set up Great British Energy in Aberdeen.
It reinforces the point that the SNP has the powers but has a terrible record, and the Tories left a terrible legacy.
We are getting on with delivering for Scotland.
Last year, this Labour Government delivered justice for members of the mineworkers’ pension scheme, and 45,000 members of the similar British coal staff superannuation scheme are keen to see their £2.3 billion investment reserve returned to them, which could boost coalfield communities such as mine in Cannock Chase.
Will the Prime Minister meet retired miners, trustees and coalfield MPs to discuss what can be done for BCSSS members up and down the country?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this issue.
I was pleased that the first increased payments to mineworkers’ pension scheme members were made at the end of November.
I understand the strong feelings on the British coal staff superannuation  scheme, which is why the Minister for industry met the trustees last year.
We will work with the coal staff trustees to consider their proposals once the new mineworkers’ pension scheme arrangements have been agreed.
First, we had a Chancellor who embellished her CV, then we had a Transport Secretary with a fraud conviction, and now we have an anti-corruption Minister who is being investigated for corruption.
I know that the Prime Minister likes living in free accommodation, but does he really think that it is appropriate that his Minister is being given free housing by the political allies of some very dubious foreign regimes?
The City Minister has acted appropriately by referring herself to the independent adviser.
We brought in our new ministerial code to allow Ministers to ask to establish the facts, and I am not going to give a running commentary on that important exercise.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, for the help that you have given me over the last couple of days.
I wrote to the England and Wales Cricket Board regarding the upcoming game against Afghanistan on  26 February , and the championship trophy.
I have met with the ECB, and we are calling for the game to be boycotted.
I thank everybody for the support that I have had across this House and in the other place.
I also thank the Prime Minister very much for his intervention with the International Cricket Council yesterday, but will he please agree to meet his counterparts in South Africa and Australia, and ask them to boycott the games as well?
There has been an appalling erosion of the rights of women and girls in Afghanistan.
We should all condemn that suppression of freedoms in the strongest terms.
That is why we have provided additional aid, at least 50% of which will go to women and girls.
The Department for Culture, Media and Sport is in touch with our international counterparts on this issue.
I welcome the England and Wales Cricket Board making strong representations to the International Cricket Council on Afghanistan’s women’s cricket team.
Setting aside the matter of grooming gangs, the Opposition amendment on today’s Order Paper sets out very clearly why the Bill that we will be debating is so deeply flawed.
If it is to become an Act of Parliament, it will have to be completely rewritten in Committee.
The Prime Minister has made much from the Dispatch Box of his service as the public prosecutor, so could he tell the House why, during his time in that capacity, he declined to instigate a prosecution, for rape and sexual abuse, against Mohamed Fayed?