I would not be here but for the teachers of my childhood.
I thank Alan Garner and Christine Moore—it feels really weird to name them in full.
I thank Mr Garner and Mrs Moore, who did so much to enable me to get here.
They stayed late in the classroom so that I could have a safe, warm place to do my homework.
They inspired me to do better when circumstances told me that I could not, so thank you to them.
The reality is that for many children, opportunity is too often limited, and their background can have a decisive impact on the life that they can build.
I welcome the Bill because it will help every child to achieve and thrive at a school with excellent teaching and high standards.
It will focus on disadvantaged children and those with special educational needs and disabilities.
In Bournemouth, we have a particularly significant SEND crisis.
The Bill will get children ready for the school day by providing free breakfast clubs in primary schools.
I want to give a shout-out to Pokesdown community primary school.
Chef Russ and Ali Bayliss are two fantastic leaders providing nutritious breakfasts for young children.
The Bill will ease the financial burden on parents by limiting the number of branded uniform items.
I am particularly pleased about that, because only this week, I was contacted by a constituent, Richard Merghani, based in Southbourne, who raised concerns about the cost of school uniforms.
I welcome the Government’s proposal; estimates show that it could save parents over £50 per child on the back-to-school shop.
I want to bring the voice of constituents and local educational experts into this debate.
I am thinking of David Nayler, who has been the headteacher at Stourfield junior school for 11 years; Lyn Gaudreau, who has been a senior principal adviser to Dorset local authority education authority; Simon Adorian, a former headteacher; Patrick Connolly, a former educational professional; and Caroline Ellis, a nursery manager.
They have informed everything that I would have said, if I had longer than four minutes, and everything that I will contribute as  the Bill develops and passes through the Commons.
I thank them for their expertise, and for what they contribute.
We should really be listening to them, not Conservative Members, who have disgraced themselves in this debate and in recent days.
I thank the Government Front Benchers for bringing forward the Bill and prioritising children so early in the life of this Labour Government.
It feels like unfinished business.
The last Labour Government did so much to improve the lot of children and young people; we are just picking up where they left off.
I look forward to seeing the Bill progress, and to the future of all our children being so much brighter.
The Secretary of State was asked—
If he will make it his policy to establish an academy for mathematical sciences.
The Government are committed to increasing the research and development allocation to a record £20.4 billion in 2024-25.
Lord Vallance continues to meet mathematical science representatives to determine how best to support the sector.
The Government are supporting the mathematical science sector in ways that best deliver for the taxpayer, without the time and expense required to set up a new organisation.
In the last financial year, the Department underspent by nearly £600 million.
The proposed national maths academy was due to cost just £6 million—1% of that total.
People are disappointed by this cancellation.
Can the Secretary of State explain whether he cancelled the academy because he does not value the role of our national academies, or because he does not think mathematical sciences are important?
I have just explained all of the ways we are helping, assisting, supporting and driving mathematical science.
The hon.