Can the Secretary of State explain whether he cancelled the academy because he does not value the role of our national academies, or because he does not think mathematical sciences are important?
I have just explained all of the ways we are helping, assisting, supporting and driving mathematical science.
The hon.
Member has just listed all of the ways his party has failed that sector by underspending in many parts of Government and failing to commit the spending to the project that he is now calling on this Government to support.
Does the Secretary of State agree that the recent announcement of new funding for research and development in the Budget gives the sector really good clarity about investment across the coming years and about the way forward that this Government wish to take?
I am grateful for my hon.
Friend’s question.
He is quite right to highlight that, finally, science and technology in this country has a Government on its side and putting their money where their mouth is.
What steps his Department is taking to protect the copyright of people working in the creative industries in the context of artificial intelligence.
We are absolutely determined to make sure that copyright and intellectual property are protected, as they always have been in this country.
Our consultation is designed to do two specific things: to make sure there is legal certainty for AI developers and creative industries alike, and to make sure there is more licensing of copyright material by AI developers.
I thank my hon.
Friend for that answer.
However, visual artists earn far below the minimum wage, and rely on copyright royalties to finance their work and continue to contribute to our world-leading creative industries—in Thanet and across the country.
What reassurances can the Minister give that the plans for a copyright exception for AI learning will not further contribute to that financial instability and weaken the lifeblood of our creative economy?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
She could big up her own constituency a little more, because Margate is probably one of the greatest centres of artists in this country.
It is where Turner was trained and went to school, and where we have Turner Contemporary.
It is also where Tracey Emin is doing so much work and many other artists as well.
It is a brilliant hub.
We want to make sure—as we did in the last Labour Government, when we introduced the artist’s resale right—that artists can earn a living from their art.
That is what we are determined to do.
Just as last year New Zealand and Australia entered into the same agreement for an artist’s resale right, we want to make sure that there is a future revenue stream for every single artist in this country.
Does the Minister agree that transparency is crucial if creators are to understand where their works are being used by AI developers?
Can he therefore assure me that the Government will legislate on transparency whatever the outcome of the consultation on copyright reform?
The right hon.
Gentleman makes a good point about transparency, which is a key element of our consultation.
We have presented a package because we want to ensure there is a win-win here.
We want AI developers to have the legal certainty that they need to develop their products in the UK as UK producers, and for creative industries to know when their works are being used, so that if they want to say no they can say no, and if they want to say yes they will be properly remunerated for it.
What progress his Department has made on supporting technological innovation to accelerate NHS diagnostic processes.
My Department is working incredibly closely with the Department of Health and Social Care, and the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care and I are joined at the hip on these issues.