The hon.
Member for Rotherham (Sarah Champion)  was sacked from Labour’s Front Bench for speaking out about rape gangs.
Does the Prime Minister now recognise that sacking people for telling the truth creates a chilling effect that means victims are not listened to?
I am very happy to call out anybody who has not acted properly in these cases.
I have done it many, many times before, and it does not matter to me which political party they are in.
I will call them out, and I will condemn them.
When I was chief prosecutor, I took measures to confront this issue head-on.
The first of the mass prosecutions for an Asian gang was in Rochdale.
My team came to see me, and they put a number of Asian men in the dock.
They wanted the green light for the first of these cases to take place.
I gave that green light, but on one condition, because it came to my attention that one of the men who was going into the dock had previously been arrested but not charged.
I said, “You can bring the first of these mass prosecutions, but only if you look back at the file”—where we did not charge—“and tell me what went wrong in a report so that I can start to put it right.”
That is what started the reforms I brought about.
That is the approach I took in practice, while others were tweeting and talking.
It is the approach I would take now in any case where there is wrongdoing here, but what we have got to do now—Professor Jay has said this.
We have had a number of strong findings.
There are 20 on the table from Professor Jay.
We have got to get on with action; do not block it this afternoon.
We need to focus on what this is really about.
This is not about the Prime Minister’s work in the CPS, and I would say very respectfully to the Prime Minister that it is not about you; it is about the victims.
Be a leader, not a lawyer.
We know that people were scared to tell the truth because they thought they would be called racist.
If we want to stop this from ever happening again, we cannot be afraid.
The Labour party has adopted the APPG definition of “Islamophobia”.
The same APPG report said that talking about sex groomers was an example of Islamophobia.
This is exactly why people are scared to tell the truth, and the lack of clarity means that innocent British Muslims are smeared by association.
That is not fair, and only a national inquiry can solve this.
Will the Prime Minister look again at the Labour party’s adoption of the definition of “Islamophobia” and its chilling effect, and rule out introducing it in government?
I will call out any aspect that has prevented anybody from coming forward, or any case from going forward, when it comes to violence against women and girls, child abuse or child sexual exploitation, as I have been doing for the best part of 15 years.
Yes, some people will say there should be a further inquiry—I accept that—but that means all the victims and survivors who give evidence need to be in a position to do so, and not all of them are.
I have been speaking to them.
Some think they are, but it will take time.
All of the institutions will have to give evidence; that will take time.
This will delay things until 2031.
We already know what the major flaws are.
My argument is that we should get on with that action.
That is why we are bringing forward the Bill this afternoon.
The Prime Minister has effectively told us that he is not able to do two things at the same time—[Interruption.]
This issue of a delay is a weak excuse.