The hon.
Gentleman raises a very important point, one that the Government are committed to.
That is why we increased research and development spending to the highest of any Government in this country.
It will have a direct impact on the issues he raises.
Before we begin PMQs, I am delighted to welcome to the Gallery the Speaker of the Lok Sabha of India.
The Prime Minister was asked—
If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 8 January.
I wish all Members of this House a happy new year.
Our thoughts are with those affected by the recent flooding.
We thank the responders who are working hard to keep communities safe.
This week, we published our elective reform plan to rebuild our NHS and end the Tory backlog.
We will deliver where the previous Government failed, empowering patients, boosting productivity, more care in the community and incentivising reform.
This morning I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
On behalf of everyone in Southwark and, I hope, the whole House, I offer the Prime Minister condolences on the loss of his brother over Christmas, and I wish everyone a happy new year.
Last July, the public overwhelmingly backed Labour’s manifesto commitment to halving violence against women and girls.
Can the Prime Minister set out how today’s vote on the children’s wellbeing Bill is a crucial step to delivering that promise and protecting children without the delay of an unnecessary further lengthy inquiry?
I thank my hon.
Friend and other colleagues for their remarks about my brother.
My hon.
Friend raises a very important issue.
Violence against women and girls, abuse and child sexual exploitation are sickening, and many victims have been let down for a very long time by warped ideas about community relations and the protection of institutions.
He raises the question of inquiries.
There have been a number of inquiries, both national and local, including one covering Oldham.
Reasonable people can agree or disagree on whether a further inquiry is necessary.
This morning, I met some of the victims and survivors of this scandal.
They were clear with me that they want action now, not the delay of a further inquiry.
The Jay inquiry, the last national inquiry, was seven years.
A further inquiry would take us to 2031.
Action is what is required.
But whatever anyone’s view on whether a further inquiry is needed, what I find shocking is that anyone in this House would vote down the children’s wellbeing Bill this afternoon, with vital protections for the most vulnerable in our society.
I urge the Leader of the Opposition to withdraw her wrecking amendment.
I call the Leader of the Opposition.
The whole House has heard that the Prime Minister lost his brother during the Christmas period, so can I offer him, on behalf of my party, our sincerest condolences?
The new year has started with a focus on the decades-long rape gang scandal.
Across the country, thousands of girls were tortured and sexually abused at the hands of men who treated them as things to be used and disposed of, destroying many lives forever.
The Prime Minister mentioned previous inquiries.
He is right: there has been an inquiry into child sexual abuse, but it was not about the rape gang scandal.
In its 468 pages, it mentioned Rotherham just once.
Is the Prime Minister confident that we know the full extent of rape gang activity?
First, I thank the right hon.
Lady for her condolences, and I thank her for reaching out over the Christmas period when I lost my brother.
I really did appreciate that, and I appreciate it today.
On the question of a further inquiry, there have been a number of inquiries, some of them localised, including the Mayor of Manchester’s recent inquiry.
The national inquiry Professor Jay carried out took seven years.