Money is the foundation of all human exchange of enterprise and replaced barter in the earliest communities.
It allows for the transfer of skills through a transferable medium such as a coin, a note or indeed a transfer.
By a continuous process of inflation, no matter how it is  perpetrated, Governments can confiscate—secretly and unobserved—an important part of the wealth of their citizens.
As they do so, the size of the state inevitably grows, and it becomes a self-serving, greedy master of the people it should be serving.
Common-sense logic and human relationships among working people are inevitably undermined, and there is a general moral decline in society.
Taxes should be transparent, justifiable and simple.
The cost of government should be covered by taxes alone, limiting the growth of excessive statism.
Gold has historically been the standard store of value and protection against currency debasement for over 5,000 years.
It is interesting that profligate Governments always denigrate gold-holding, and holding it is often banned by Governments in crisis who have deceived their electorate.
The words of President Woodrow Wilson after he signed the Federal Reserve Act should serve as a warning to all of us: “I am a most unhappy man.
I have unwittingly ruined my country.
A great industrial nation is controlled by its system of credit.
Our system of credit is concentrated.
The growth of the nation, therefore, and all our activities are in the hands of a few men.
We have come to be one of the worst ruled, one of the most completely controlled and dominated Governments in the civilised world—no longer a Government by free option, no longer a Government by conviction and the vote of the majority, but a Government by the opinion and duress of a small group of dominant men.”
Friedrich von Hayek, an eminent Austrian-school economist, said:
“I do not think it is an exaggeration to say history is largely a history of inflation, usually inflations engineered by governments for the gain of governments.”
Given the historical track record of states abusing their citizens by various forms of currency debasement, including QE, the default position should be to make it illegal, unless this democratically elected House has an informed vote supporting debasement.
This Bill seeks to achieve that position, and I commend it to the House.
Question put and agreed to.
Order.
One of us has to sit down, Rupert—I have got to do my bit.
You come back in a minute.
Who will prepare and bring in the Bill?
Richard Tice, Jim Allister, myself and others, Mr Speaker.
You have got to name them.
You cannot not name them.
James McMurdock—[Interruption.]
Maybe Rachel Reeves, I don’t know. [
Laughter.]
Can you just read the names for clarity, so that Hansard has them?
Richard Tice, Jim Allister, James McMurdock, Lee Anderson and myself, Mr Speaker.
Ordered,
That Rupert Lowe, Richard Tice, Jim Allister, James McMurdock and Lee Anderson present the Bill.
Rupert Lowe accordingly presented the Bill.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 24 January , and to be printed (Bill 155).
Second Reading
[Relevant documents: Seventh Report of the Education Committee of Session 2022-23, Persistent absence and support for disadvantaged pupils, HC 970, and the Government response, Session 2023-24, HC 368; Oral evidence taken before the Education Committee on  17 December 2024 , on Children’s Social Care, HC 430]
The reasoned amendment in the name of the Leader of the Opposition has been selected.
I beg to move, That the Bill be now read a Second time.
In the week in which we return to this House and our children return to school, I am proud to be the Secretary of State for Education in a truly child-centred Government.
The actions I take and the decisions I make are always in pursuit of what is best for the children of this country, and that starts with keeping them safe.