That is why we are bringing forward the Bill this afternoon.
The Prime Minister has effectively told us that he is not able to do two things at the same time—[Interruption.]
This issue of a delay is a weak excuse.
I would say to him that, by refusing this inquiry, he is enabling those people who wish to smear all British Muslims based on the actions of a small minority.
He is talking about distraction tactics.
Let us have the truth.
The Prime Minister cannot tell the House the full scale of the scandal.
He does not want questions asked of Labour politicians who may be complicit.
He will not listen—[Interruption.]
He will not listen to the victims who are calling for a national inquiry.
He is making this all about this afternoon’s Bill.
Later today, he will tell Labour MPs, including those representing Telford, Rochdale, Bristol, Derby, Aylesbury, Oldham, Bradford, Peterborough, Coventry, Middlesbrough, Newcastle and Ramsgate, to vote against a national inquiry into the gangs that have systematically gang-raped children in their constituencies.
This is one of the worst scandals in British history—[Interruption.]
Order.
This is a very, very important issue that matters to the country.
It matters to all of our constituents, and I want to make sure they can hear what is being said by the Leader of the Opposition and the Prime Minister.
This is one of the worst scandals in recent British history.
How will Labour Members explain to their constituents that obeying the Prime Minister’s Whip is more important than doing the right thing?
The right hon.
Lady is right to say it is one of the worst scandals; it is terrible.
That is why I acted on it.
Her recently acquired view is that it is a scandal, having spent a lot of time on social media over Christmas.
Not once in eight years did she stand here and say what she has just said—not once in eight years.
The previous Government did not act on the recommendations.
They want a national inquiry.
We had a national inquiry: the Jay inquiry.
The report made 20 recommendations—not a single one implemented.
She talked about doing two things at once.
The Conservatives cannot kill the Bill this afternoon—wreck the Bill—and protect children.
Everyone will remember the dreadful case of Sara Sharif.
This is the girl who was taken out of school and abused by an abuser.
This afternoon’s Bill fixes that gap.
I am looking across the House, and I know there are hon.
Members on the Opposition Benches who know very well that what is in this Bill is necessary, that it is the right thing to do, and would want to vote for the Bill.
I urge them to think twice about following the short-sighted, misguided, bandwagon-jumping, non-leadership approach of the Leader of the Opposition.
My constituent Annemarie, like countless other armed forces families across Aldershot and Farnborough, is living in shabby military accommodation which, after 14 years of Conservative neglect, is simply not good enough.
I therefore welcome the Ministry of Defence plan to buy back thousands of homes in my constituency.
Will the Prime Minister set out how sorting out the bad deal left by the Tory Government will make life better for Annemarie and others like her living at the home of the British Army?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question.
We all owe an extraordinary debt of thanks to those who serve.
By reacquiring over 36,000 service family homes, including 1,700 in her constituency, we can rapidly transform substandard accommodation.
The deal we have done also saves the taxpayer around  £230 million per year in rent and follows the largest pay rise for the armed forces in over 20 years.
There is, of course, still work to do, but this is a major step forward.
I call the leader of the Liberal Democrats.
Happy new year, Mr Speaker.