I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend as Sara’s MP for raising the horror that has taken place.
Of course, I agree that data sharing between public authorities is vital to ensure that such a case does not happen again.
But it is not enough, and, alone, it will not prevent the catastrophic and systematic negligence of Surrey county council.
This is the same department that had the highest number of statutory breaches relating to children reported to the Local Government and Social Care Ombudsman for over two years.
The department covered information up from its own county council and scrutiny committee for more than 14 months, and only disclosed it when my five Liberal Democrat Surrey MP colleagues and I publicly called it out.
Surrey county council objectively contributed to the deaths of Jennifer Chalkley, Oscar Nash and Sara Sharif by ignoring existing legislation.
Childhood is a precious thing.
It can shape us or break us.
Too many childhoods have been stolen—by poverty, abusers and the inaction of the previous Government.
In Britain today, 3.5 million children are growing up in absolute poverty.
More are being placed in unregistered children’s homes, and it is estimated by the Education Policy Institute that 300,000 children are missing from the education system.
Although Government Members seem to have woken up to the evils of child abuse and exploitation, they cannot deny that their lack of care and urgency on these issues has made our children more vulnerable.
Their failure to act has created an environment in which it is estimated that almost half a million children experience some sort of sexual abuse in this country every year, and their failure to implement a single recommendation from the Jay report has made it easier for groomers in every corner of our country to continue to rob our children of their childhood, their future and their dignity.
That is the cost of the previous Government’s do-nothing approach to child abuse, and they should be ashamed.
The previous Government’s failure has also seen councils struggle to cover the spiralling cost of placements.
In Croydon, where I am privileged to be an MP, the council has had to cough up almost £87 million to cover the cost of child services.
With 31% of children there growing up in the shadow of poverty, Croydon’s young people have been failed by the inaction of the previous  Government.
It is time to end the previous Government’s addiction to failing our children, and support the Bill.
The Bill cuts the cost of sending children to school by introducing free breakfast clubs and tackling the cost of school uniforms.
It also prevents vulnerable children from falling through the cracks by bringing in a register of children who are educated from home, and introducing a unique identifier, so that children are visible across the system.
The Bill is the single biggest piece of child protection legislation in a generation.
A vote against it is a vote against children’s safety, their childhoods and their future.
It is shameful that, even in opposition, Conservative Members continue to drag their feet on child protection, continue to fail our children, and continue to put the interests of their party before the best interests of our country.
Unlike the Opposition, we will not turn our back on our children, we will not accept failure, and we will finally put the wellbeing of our children first.
Children growing up in Bournemouth deserve the best start in life—nothing less.
Whoever you are, and wherever you come from, you should be able to go as far as your talents take you, and those talents should be rigorously, systematically and compassionately nourished for everyone.
I would not be here but for the teachers of my childhood.
I thank Alan Garner and Christine Moore—it feels really weird to name them in full.
I thank Mr Garner and Mrs Moore, who did so much to enable me to get here.