That is vital for giving every child the best start in life, but that is just the beginning, because I want high and rising standards for every child in every school.
That is one of the surest ways that we can break the link between background and success for millions of children.
That matters for every child, not just a lucky few.
Life should not come down to luck.
When Governments forget that, it is not the children of Conservative Members who lose out; it is working-class kids across our country.
I know that better than most, and I will take no lectures from the Conservative party on what it takes to deliver better life chances for working-class kids.
Reported figures for 2022 and 2023 show an increase in the proportion of children living in low-income families, and no change in the proportion of children living in absolute low-income families.
Does the Secretary of State agree that the Bill will improve the household finances of families and the life chances of children in my constituency of Wolverhampton West?
Absolutely.
The Bill will put hundreds of pounds back into family finances and back into parents’ pockets by cutting the cost of school uniform, and by introducing breakfast clubs in every state-funded primary school.
However, we recognise that there is so much more we need to do, because child poverty scars the life chances of far too many in our country.
Could the Secretary of State comment on the falling rolls in some parts of this country, particularly London?
Most local authorities unfortunately take the option of closing schools, which is very damaging to children and to local communities.
Clause 50 appears to give her some powers  of intervention, so we could perhaps instead downsize such schools, which would mean we kept the sense of them being community schools.
That is so important, particularly in the poorest parts of many London boroughs.
Can she give us some hope that there will be intervention, so that we keep community schools?
A number of provisions in the Bill deal precisely with that challenge.
We recognise that in London—but shortly this will be the case right across our country—there are challenges that come with falling rolls and making sure that we manage that properly.
That will require schools to work with local councils, and to collaborate on managing admissions and place planning.
It will also require decisions on how we make best use of the schools estate.
That is why we have started encouraging primary schools to bid to open primary-based nurseries.
The recent pilot programme for that has closed, and we were delighted to see so many applications.
There is also an opportunity to think about using the space that will open up as a result of falling rolls to create additional provision for children with special educational needs and disabilities, so that they can go to a school much closer to home, and can go to school with their friends, in their local community.
There has been welcome consensus that a high-quality state education should be the right of all children.
That consensus has helped to ensure that innovations—from Ofsted to the national curriculum and academies—have stood the test of time, as Governments of all parties have driven reform.
Academies, introduced by the last Labour Government and expanded by the Conservative party, have been instrumental in raising standards in our school system.
They have delivered brilliant results, particularly for the most disadvantaged children, and they will continue their record of excellence under this Labour Government.
However, this consensus must not stifle progress.
While the Conservative party did make some progress over the past 14 years, it must reckon with its many failures.
For example, one in four children leaves primary school without meeting the expected standard in reading, writing and maths.
Tens of thousands of children do not secure good maths or English GCSEs.