Friend  the Member for Perth and Kinross-shire (Pete Wishart) .
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for giving way.
I know that most Labour Members are new to the procedures and workings of this House, but the Secretary of State is not, so he will know from experience that private Members’ Bills are practically rewritten in Committee.
My hon.
Friend is asking that we be allowed to take the Bill through to Committee, where this can be worked out.
Surely even the Secretary of State, who I believe has been in this House since 2010, understands how these things work.
Order.
I remind the hon.
Gentleman, before I call  the hon.
Member for Arbroath and Broughty Ferry (Stephen Gethins)  to continue, that interventions should be on the Member who is speaking.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
Now that we have clarified that point of reference, I look forward to the vote today that the Secretary of State is committed to, and I look forward to meeting him so that we can work together, because that is the right thing to do, and we will have to make concessions.
Of course we want to see the devolution of immigration—we want to see independence.
We differ from other Members in this Chamber; we accept that we have differences and that we were voted in on different manifestos.
But it is not beyond the wit of man—to be fair, this is something that the hon.
Member for Na h-Eileanan an Iar has already referenced—to try and find a bit of common ground.
Now let me talk about some of the think-tanks and other organisations and what they have said, because I am keen to let other Members have the opportunity to speak.
Hear, hear.
That is the most effective heckle I have heard all day, though that was not where I expected it to come from.
The Law Society of Scotland said:
“Bespoke visa schemes for Scotland, combined with expanding international outreach activities in relation to immigration to advertise these new arrangements, would be an effective way of ensuring that immigration policy meets Scotland’s needs.”
Prosper, formerly the SCDI, says:
“SCDI supports greater flexibilities on immigration for Scotland to respond to its distinct demographic and employment needs... Other countries”—
this is something my hon.
Friend the Member for Perth and Kinross-shire has worked on very hard—
“successfully operate regional migration schemes which target the specific needs of their economies and SCDI believes that there are workable options for more differentiation in the UK’s system.”
I agree with that.
Will the hon.
Gentleman give way?
No, I want to continue with this.
Alison Evison, a former Labour councillor and former president of COSLA, says:
“There is a strong unified voice across all sectors in Scotland in favour of a flexible immigration system that can meet our particular economic, workforce and population needs.
For many years,  COSLA has been calling for an immigration system that can be responsive to local as well as national needs and that recognises and addresses the challenges that we face.”
Finally, Reform Scotland has done a huge amount of work on this—I commend its paper to all Members of the House as we seek to inform ourselves when we go through to Committee, and however we work together to populate that.
It has said:
“There is no reason why Westminster cannot create an immigration system which takes Scotland’s different situation into account.
It is important to remember that this has been done before, through the Fresh Talent Initiative”,
which, in fairness, Lord McConnell on the Labour Scottish Executive worked with the UK Government to do.
It would not be unique—there are other decentralised approaches elsewhere in the world.
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend the Member for Perth and Kinross-shire, whose work on the Scottish Affairs Committee, along with other hon.
Members, was very effective.