It is not in their cultural or political DNA.
We are in a difficult situation.
The simple fact is that Scotland needs more working-age people to refresh our population.
If we do not get that, we will be in serious trouble.
The same thing is happening all around the world, but what the Government are doing with Brexit is getting in the way and making our issues worse.
Do you know what else they are doing?
Although our birth rate is falling, they are trying to suppress it further through social engineering; they are using the benefits system to deny benefits to working-class people seeking to have large families.
This is at a time when we should be doing everything we can to encourage more children.
I want to hear the Minister defend that policy when we have a crisis in Scotland.
How would the hon.
Gentleman defend the SNP Government in Holyrood, who have failed on all the issues he has mentioned?
There is a broader point here about nationalism: the SNP Government have to keep the circus on the road, and have to keep telling people a line.
This is the latest in a string of subjects that keep people from talking about SNP failure.
I have no idea what the hon.
Gentleman is saying.
We are trying to offer solutions.
We have identified a range of difficulties that we have as a nation.
It is right and proper that they be examined, analysed and addressed.
Then we get down to the business of fixing them, and that is what we are doing today.
This Government are making our situation 10 times worse through their inept, callous and heinous attempt to socially engineer the benefit system to suppress our birth rate, at the very time when we need more children.
We need larger families.
All around Europe, countries face the same range of issues.
What are they doing?
They are not having a two-child benefit cap.
They are incentivising young people to have children by giving tax breaks and positive benefits to make sure that the birth rate increases.
What are the Labour Government doing in the UK?
They are, shamefully, trying to suppress our birth rate.
I challenge any of them to get to their feet and tell me how a two-child benefit cap helps to increase our birth rate in Scotland.
Go on!
Order.
I remind the hon.
Gentleman that this debate is about devolving immigration to Scotland.
Okay.
Right, let us look at Scotland’s population then.
Scotland’s population is probably in the region of 5.5 million.
Some estimates are 5.43 million and some are 5.7 million.
We have been in population decline since the latter part of the 20th century.
This is an issue that particularly interests and excites me.
I think the Scottish Affairs Committee has done three reports on it, and I think Secretary of State served on the Committee during one of the inquiries on Scotland’s migration issues.
Those were helpful reports, and hopefully they add to the debate.
I am glad that a few people have referenced them.
We got down to the serious business of trying to address the issue.
I congratulate the Blair Government, which was visionary when it came to immigration; it was imaginative.
Tony Blair opened up eastern Europe through accession, which helped our issues in Scotland.
For a while, that reversed our long-term population decline.
The Tony Blair Government also gave us fresh talent.
It gave people an opportunity to come to study at one of our world-class universities and stay and contribute to the Scottish economy for a period of their early lives.
It was fantastic.
It was backed by the UK Government and the Scottish Government, with overwhelming support from hon.
Members in this House.
The policy was then subsumed by a general UK policy, which meant that we lost our advantage.