I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend the Member for Perth and Kinross-shire, whose work on the Scottish Affairs Committee, along with other hon.
Members, was very effective.
The Committee looked into the matter, and I know he will want to talk about that.
A decentralised approach has been taken in Canada, Australia, Belgium and elsewhere, so it is not unique.
This is the Government of devolution—they talk about devolution.
As Donald Dewar told us, devolution was “a process” not a final destination.
This strikes me as being the next process, and it has happened elsewhere.
Finally, I want to go into the different conversations about migration.
rose—
I see a number of Members want to intervene.
I am glad to give way to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Aberdeen North (Kirsty Blackman)  because she wanted to come in earlier and I did not take her intervention then.
My hon.
Friend is making an important case about Scotland’s unique needs and the way that our democracy differs.
To go back to the economic point, the founding mission of this Labour Government is about growing the economy, so will my hon.
Friend explain the impact of increasing migration?
What is the impact on the economy of bringing more people in to do more jobs in the economy?
I am not an economist, but any economist would say that the impact of that is growth—it is positive.
In the aftermath of leaving the EU, we saw a surge in migration under Boris Johnson’s Government.
Members have talked about that and criticised the Conservative Government, as I have done.
However, what struck me about that migration to date was that at the same time as we saw a surge in migration to grow the economy—I am not saying anything against that—we saw a reduction in the rights that we ourselves enjoyed as UK citizens and a devaluation of the British passport.
I may no longer wish to hold a British passport—that might not be something that I want—but its devaluation has impacted each and every one of us because of the loss of those rights.
Before I finish, I will take one more point from  the hon.
Member for Sittingbourne and Sheppey (Kevin McKenna) , who I know has been trying to intervene.
I am very grateful to the hon.
Member for giving way.
I was interested to hear what he said about the various experts talking about regional migration policies.
Unfortunately, my constituency suffered from a regional migration policy in living memory as the Isle of Sheppey was separated from mainland migration during both wars in the previous century.
That has left a lasting impact of deep, profound socioeconomic damage to Sheppey because people could not get on or off the island, and we could not get the workers we needed.
That has left a deep legacy of distrust between the island and the rest of Great Britain.
We do not want to replicate that across the whole of the United Kingdom and that is why I oppose the Bill.
I know the Isle of Sheppey.
I know Kent very well: the kingdom of Kent is a fine county—the garden of England.
I know some of the challenges that the hon.
Gentleman rightly raises.
He is representing his constituents very effectively in doing so and I am grateful to him not just for raising the issue, but the way in which he raises it.
Kent is a fine place.
On that point, will the hon.
Gentleman give way?
I am trying to answer the point raised by the hon.
Member for Sittingbourne and Sheppey.
Kent is not Scotland and Scotland is not an island.
We have some fine islands, as my hon.
Friend  the Member for Argyll, Bute and South Lochaber (Brendan O’Hara)  is keen to reminds us on a regular basis, but they are not the same.
To compare the Isle of Sheppey with Scotland is a false comparison.