I have been listening with great interest to the hon.
Gentleman.
We see from other countries that there are ways of dealing with the issue without having full devolution, for many of the reasons that my hon.
Friend  the Member for Isle of Wight West (Mr Quigley)  laid out.
As was highlighted earlier, the Home Secretary made the Scottish Government an offer to work with the Migration Advisory Committee on solutions.
Full devolution would be expensive and time consuming, and it would not deliver.
This is helpful, and I think my hon.
Friend the Member for Arbroath and Broughty Ferry was hoping for such positive contributions.
I am very much aware of the work that the Migration Advisory Committee does, and I commend it for that, but its list of occupations required in Scotland is not nearly enough—it does not even touch the sides of our difficulties.
If the hon.
Lady has some thoughts on how that could be beefed up and made more effective and useful, we are all ears—come and serve on the Committee and help us.
We need positive solutions to identified problems.
That is the territory we want to get into.
We have long-term population decline in Scotland.
When I started to engage in this debate in the early 2000s, there was a real fear that, for the first time since the 19th century, Scotland’s population would drop below the iconic 5 million mark.
That was only reversed because of the imagination of the previous Labour Government and their generosity when it came to immigration policy—something that the current Government would never even think about.
The vision of Tony Blair about how Europe would work and how the single market would develop helped Scotland to address some of the issues.
Around the turn of the millennium, I remember hearing Lord Jack McConnell, the First Minister of Scotland at the time, talking about that iconic 5 million mark.
I was only 13 or 14, but I remember it being so important, and it was so important to Labour that immigration happened in order to keep that population.
Why does he think Labour has changed its position so drastically in a relatively short space of time?
Why is immigration now apparently bad?
That is such a profound question.
I do not know how Labour has got itself into this situation.
I suspect it is some sort of fear of Reform, whose Members are not here today, and Labour is probably right to be frightened.
I think I saw an opinion poll showing that Labour is now behind Reform across the United Kingdom.
Labour Members think—and this will only exacerbate the problem—that if they somehow pander to Reform’s agenda, that will help them beat it.
Nothing could delight Reform more than going on to its agenda.
That is why we in Scotland take Reform on and tackle it.
I was so pleased and impressed that the First Minister of Scotland this week got together a summit to take on these very challenges, and I was delighted that the Scottish Labour leader attended that summit and took it seriously, because this is the sort of thing we have to do when there is a challenge from the right.
We do not go on to their agenda—that is what they want.
We take on their assumptions, we take them on politically, and we beat them.
That is why the SNP has not been so impacted by the rise of Reform in the United Kingdom: because we take it on.
Labour is starting to experience difficulties at the hands of Reform because it is looking to pander to Reform’s agenda and move on to some of the uncomfortable territory.
We take Reform on; we do not pander to it.
That is the lesson of history.