I say to Labour Members that it is time to listen.
This Bill is imperfect; I can see that.
It will not be for everybody, but let us approve it in principle, let us get it through, and then let us work together on a commitment that has been made by our party and the Scottish Labour party.
I am deeply grateful for the time you have given me, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I thank  the hon.
Member for Arbroath and Broughty Ferry (Stephen Gethins)  for his speech, although, as my children say, that is 50 minutes we will never get back.
Even though I rise today representing a constituency that lies some 488 miles from Scotland, much of what I hear from Scottish colleagues on both sides of the House resonates deeply with me as a Member from an island constituency.
Although this Bill may focus on matters far from Isle of Wight West, it has given me a chance to reflect on some fond memories of Scotland, whether that is searching for dolphins around Nairn, regularly visiting Edinburgh, or my trip to Faslane to learn about nuclear submarines.
I have a very fond memory of my visit to Largs to work with the Scottish office of the Ellen MacArthur Cancer Trust, an organisation that does fantastic and vital work with children to rebuild their confidence after their battle with cancer.
Its dedication is a powerful reminder that no matter the distance between our communities, we share common challenges and, often, shared solutions.
During these visits to Scotland, I have always been struck by the warmth, generosity and hospitality of the people I have met, whether that is in Inverness, Edinburgh, or in smaller towns in between.
This hospitality reflects something deeper than just kindness.
It speaks to a strong sense of community, openness and pride in welcoming others, and it is precisely that spirit that  should be at the part of any conversation about immigration.
Immigration, when done right, should strengthen communities, not divide them.
It should reflect the same values that I have seen across Scotland and in my community on the Isle of Wight: a desire to offer opportunity, build belonging and contribute to something greater than ourselves.
When I speak to my hon.
Friends the Members for Na h-Eileanan an Iar (Torcuil Crichton) and for North Ayrshire and Arran (Irene Campbell), I hear echoes of my community on the Isle of Wight, despite the geographical separation.
Like them, we are bound by the challenges of geography, dependent on ferry services —Members would expect me to mention that—to get to work or school, receive vital goods and supplies, and access healthcare and essential public services.
Like them, we too have been let down time and again by broken promises, under-investment and poor planning by the previous Government—I would not want to leave Conservative Members out.
As hon.
Members will know, I have had more than a few choice words about the current ferry situation on the Isle of Wight, but even I must admit that when compared with the so-called Scottish ferry fiasco, our situation feels slightly less dire.
For those who are unfamiliar with that, back in 2015, the Scottish Government awarded a contract worth £97 million to Ferguson Marine to build two new ferries for CalMac.
Those ferries were meant to modernise the fleet, improve reliability and serve island routes such as Arran and the Western Isles.
Is what my hon.
Friend just mentioned not another example of the incompetence and failings of the SNP?
Frankly, motions and Bills like this are simply a disguise and designed to pull the wool over the eyes of people in Scotland.
My hon.
Friend might not be surprised to hear that I am coming to that point.
The ferries were supposed to be operational by 2018, but here we are in 2025 and neither ferry has set sail.
If the ferries are such a catastrophe, would the hon.