I will quote the leader of the Scottish Labour Party, Anas Sarwar.
I do not always do this, and I know that the Secretary of State does not like talking about him—he frequently disregards him—but let me at least give Anas Sarwar his place.
He said:
“I’ve had a number of conversations with Yvette Cooper and UK colleagues in the run-up to the election and since the election.
They already want to reform the Migration Advisory Committee to make sure there is proper Scottish representation.
They recognise there are different migration needs in different parts of the country”.
As for reaching out a bit more to other colleagues, not everything in the Bill is for everybody in this House, but the Bill gives us an opportunity to meet commitments made.
We could do that on Third Reading.
We could introduce amendments and have a Bill team.
I would love to have really good, strong Scottish Labour representation on that. [
Interruption.]
I would also like to have Conservative representation on it; let the team be reflective of who is in the House.
I would be generous to the party of  the hon.
Member for West Aberdeenshire and Kincardine (Andrew Bowie) —almost as generous as the Labour party regularly is to his party.
Let me quote Scottish Labour’s deputy leader.
Jackie Baillie said:
“I would expect governments to work together, to talk to each other, to respond to each other’s needs…At the moment there are no plans for one”—
this was said pre-election—
“but I think if you have governments taking common-sense approaches that an incoming Labour government would do, then dialogue will continue.”
The Secretary of State will have the opportunity to talk about this today, and I very much look forward to an update on where he is on the talks.
The Bill gives precious time to him, and to the offices of other Secretary of States, and gives the rest of us time to meet the needs of the Scottish sector.
I am glad to see  the hon.
Member for Na h-Eileanan an Iar (Torcuil Crichton)  in his place; I welcome him.
As he has rightly said, when it comes to immigration policy, one size does not fit all.
It should not be beyond us to devise ways to attract more people to work and settle here.
He has talked effectively about the challenges for the rural and island communities that he represents,   and I was glad to hear his productive intervention on that.
I hope that he is able to have conversations with his hon.
Friends about that.
Let me quote from the Scottish Labour manifesto:
“we will work with the Scottish Government when designing workforce plans for different sectors.
This will ensure our migration and skills policies work for every part of the UK.”
I am struck by the hon.
Gentleman’s interest in making sure that young people get the opportunities that they deserve, because in East Thanet—far away from Scotland—we are deeply concerned that one in 10 young people is out of education, employment or training.
I wonder what he has to say about the SNP’s record on this issue, given that one in six young people is out of education, employment or training in Scotland.
The hon.
Lady makes a good point—how can we provide opportunities for young people?
She will also know that right now, we are providing fewer opportunities for young people.
Scotland is working very effectively on having positive destinations, including through the great work of Skills Development Scotland.
That speaks to the migration debate we have had in recent years.
Migration has driven our policies and our economic growth for centuries, yet Labour is leaning into the Reform agenda—it is very disappointing that Reform Members are not in their place—which is so poisonous to our political rhetoric.
Migration and refugees are two entirely separate issues.
The hon.