Does the hon.
Gentleman think that the lack of housing in Scotland has anything to do with the inability to attract migrants to do the jobs in the places where they are needed to do them?
I think that we are going to have quite a few debates like this in the next few years, so I say this ever so candidly: that is a matter for the Scottish Parliament to resolve.
The Secretary of State’s party is trying to become the party in government in Scotland next year, but his party does not have any imaginative solutions, so over the next year we will be testing his proposals and policies against what we are doing.
If people in Scotland are attracted to the Secretary of State’s policies and proposals, they will vote Labour in, but I do not think that will happen, and I think, in his heart of hearts, he also believes that now.
We only need to look at the last by-election result.
So when we are elected to this House, let us deal with the things that matter to us, and nothing is more important than this issue.
If we do not get this fixed, we will have serious issues and structural problems in our public services and our economy.
I appeal to the House: let the Bill go through and then let us all work together to resolve the situation.
It is an honour to follow  the hon.
Member for Perth and Kinross-shire (Pete Wishart) , my vice-chair of the all-party parliamentary beer group, which is a very important group.
I agree with him about how beautiful Scotland is and I am interested to hear some practical ideas on how we can increase the Scottish population.
I am sure that the birth rate could be incentivised by the Scottish Government, perhaps with tax relief for more babies—that is just an idea.
The hon.
Gentleman talks about pandering to the Reform agenda, but I do not think any hon.
Members in this House, from any party, are immune to the dangers of Reform’s rhetoric.
He is misguided in saying that Labour Members are the ones pallying up to Reform.
I agree with many of the interventions from Labour Members today, and I will make a few further points.
Although I hate to burst the SNP’s bubble, since July, Scottish Labour has won two thirds of by-elections—many, many congratulations to my friends in Scotland.
Also, as a former French teacher, I am very familiar with Québec, which is a wonderful place.
It has had two referendums and people have voted remain twice.
Independence happens to be off the agenda, so perhaps the SNP needs to study that a bit more.
I would like to echo the words of my hon.
Friends, and I wonder, when James V of Scotland became James I, did he ever think that after 400 years—
James VI!
The SNP Members are right—I am really rubbish at Roman numerals.
I have suffered with that since I was a child, so I put that down to my lack of intelligence around Roman numerals.
My notes do actually say “VI”—I just cannot do them, but at least I can admit to my failings.
When James VI of Scotland became James I, did he ever think that after 400 years and multiple Acts of Parliament and referendums, we would still be having these conversations?
Either way, he had a more successful career in the monarchy than Llywelyn ap Gruffudd, the last prince of Wales.
As a Welsh MP who is the Chair of the Select Committee on Northern Ireland Affairs, perhaps I was destined to be involved in a debate on Scottish devolution.
I believe, of course, that devolving powers is right, and I appreciate that 14 years of a Tory Government here has left a very sour taste in the devolved nations’ mouths, including in Wales.