Friend might not be surprised to hear that I am coming to that point.
The ferries were supposed to be operational by 2018, but here we are in 2025 and neither ferry has set sail.
If the ferries are such a catastrophe, would the hon.
Gentleman care to explain why, in a constituency with probably more ferries than any other in the UK, I was re-elected in 2017, 2019 and 2024 with the largest SNP majority in Scotland?
If the ferries are that bad, why do the people who use them vote SNP?
I think I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his intervention.
I am sure that his constituents will be able to explain why.
The project has been plagued by delay after delay, the costs have soared to more than £360 million, and islanders have been left without the reliable transport they were promised.
One vessel is now years behind schedule, while the other may not set sail until 2026—not 20:26 by the 24-hour clock, but the year 2026.
It is not just a failure of infrastructure, but a failure of leadership, a failure of accountability and, most importantly, a failure to respect the island communities who rely on these lifeline services.
Now the SNP is asking us to entrust it with even greater powers over immigration.
Never once, while scanning the horizon for dolphins off the coast of  Nairn, did I think that Scotland should have its own separate immigration laws or that that would solve everything.
How the hon.
Member has managed to bring ferries into a debate about a Scottish visa is beyond me.
Instead of focusing on the issues that he sees with capital projects in Scotland, why does he not talk about some of the capital project failures in England?
Order.
May I remind hon.
Members that this is a debate about why Scotland should have devolved powers over immigration?
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
You are quite right to keep us on track.
The Bill fails to account for its impact on the broader UK internal market.
If Scotland is granted the power to admit migrants under its own criteria, we will be left with a host of unanswered questions.
What is the mechanism for managing the flow of people across borders?
How will we prevent an influx of people from moving to other parts of the UK without proper oversight?
The hon.
Member, who until about two minutes ago was one of the few people on the Government Benches I had any time for, talks about what a catastrophe it would be if Scotland could unilaterally control who comes to work on our shores and who comes to invest in our economy.
Ironically, he forgets that that is exactly the encumbrance under which Scotland exists now: we get what England says we can get.
It is a disgrace, and he is trying to defend it.
Defend it now!
I thank my hon.
Friend—I will call him that—for his calm and measured intervention, as usual, but I do believe that there was a referendum, and we are all fully aware of the result.
I am sure I will still enjoy chatting to him in future.
I am sorry to interrupt my hon.
Friend’s excellent speech.
He spoke about the flow of people.
What this two-clause Bill does not set out is any controls or mechanisms by which that could be measured.
There was mention of Ireland earlier; I have a slight fear that this will turn into a debate about a soft and hard border, and what that means for the UK.
I find this very divisive.
Does he agree?
Indeed I do.
For example, will there be immigration checks at the border?
What happens when someone granted immigration status in Scotland seeks work in Newcastle, Manchester or London?
Will employers in those cities suddenly be tasked with verifying whether an individual is subject to Scottish immigration rules?