This Government cannot look further than the nose on their face; all they are seeing just now is Reform, and all they are thinking about is, “How do we take them on; how do we beat them?”
There is no strategic thinking or long-term vision about what we will do towards the end of the century when all of this starts to take hold.
Nothing, no imagination, no inquiry, but this is where we are going.
It might blow some Members’ minds, but towards the end of the century migrants might be at a premium and there will be a competition to try to get people into nations around the world.
I know that is too much for them to start to contemplate just now, but that is where we are going.
And yet for them the issue is about curbing migration.
They see migration as a problem that has to be managed, with no concession or ground given to anything that might get in the way of the net migration figures.
We are lumbered with that in Scotland.
Where we want to move on and deal with our issues, we cannot do so but we should be able to do that.
We heard from my hon.
Friend the Member for Arbroath and Broughty Ferry about the support that the measures in the Bill have in Scotland.
That is no surprise because business organisations and think tanks have seen what is going on.
They just need to look at some of our sectors to find that there is a crisis in practically every one and in our public services, so of course they support the measures.
There is even political consensus in the Scottish Parliament that something needs to be done.
The only thing is we need the UK Government to get on board, and the Bill before us today will help to achieve those goals.
As my hon.
Friend the Member for Arbroath and Broughty Ferry conceded from the outset, the Bill is not perfect—it is a one-line Bill—but invitation is there to get it to Committee—[Interruption.]
I say to Members on the Labour Benches, including  the hon.
Member for Isle of Wight West (Mr Quigley) , colleagues from the Conservative party and the Liberal Democrats, who are not here: we have identified the issue.
If somebody thinks that we have got all of this wrong, I want to hear from them.
I do not want to hear about what the Scottish Government are doing with ferries or whatever it is they want to talk about—[Interruption.]
This is the thing, Madam Deputy Speaker—Government Members do not want to talk about the issues that are important to us in this House.
They want to talk about stuff that is devolved to the Scottish Parliament.
Is that because they think their Members of the Scottish Parliament are not up to the job, so Labour Members in this House have to constantly go on about those things?
The Secretary of State can confirm, but I think Labour has about 50 MSPs up in Scotland.
Why not let them get on with their jobs while we deal with the things that we need to fix down here?
Immigration is wrapped up in a lot of policy areas that are devolved to the Scottish Parliament.
The Scottish Government themselves, in Parliament, declared a housing emergency.
Does the hon.
Gentleman think that the lack of housing in Scotland has anything to do with the inability to attract migrants to do the jobs in the places where they are needed to do them?
I think that we are going to have quite a few debates like this in the next few years, so I say this ever so candidly: that is a matter for the Scottish Parliament to resolve.