His legacy will be one of costs and damage economically, as well as in terms of opportunities for our young people.
But in that moment of self-reflection, Mr Gove did say that Scotland needed a particular solution.
I also thought that I would quote him because I was going to appeal to Scottish Labour today, and they appear to have embraced Michael Gove.
They are now getting prepared to stick him in the House of Lords to make him an unelected bureaucrat for life—something he railed against.
The Secretary of State is making faces; I am not sure if he has signed off on that yet, or how keen he is on it, but the Government, having heard what Mr Gove said about unelected bureaucrats, are about to stick him in the Lords.
I understand from the Press and Journal—I believe everything that I read there—that he is about to become Lord Gove of Torry.
I am not sure what the good people of Torry think of that, or what they have done to deserve it—my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Aberdeen South (Stephen Flynn)  will have a better idea than I do—but I am not sure they will think an awful lot of that.
Having embraced a hard Tory Brexit, Scottish Labour is now—
Will the hon.
Member give way?
Oh, here we go!
If you can tell me why on earth Labour is putting Michael Gove in the House of Lords, I will gladly give way.
Order.
Can I remind the hon.
Gentleman to do less you-ing, please?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for indulging me a second time.
He references Brexit.
Can he clarify for the House why his party spent less on campaigning against Brexit than on a local by-election campaign in Scotland?
The newfound conversion to opposing Brexit might be welcome, but that clarification would be helpful.
I am glad to respond to that.
I was deputy director of our Remain campaign, and I was delighted when not only did every part of Scotland vote overwhelmingly to remain in the EU, but every local authority area voted to remain in the EU—even those that had voted against joining the EU.
On a point of order, Madam Deputy Speaker.
Could you give guidance on whether re-running the Brexit debate from 10 years ago is in any way linked to a single clause of this Bill from the Scottish National party?
That is not a point of order.
The Bill has a broad scope, so it does allow for some broadness in the debate.
I am not that surprised that the Labour party wants to close down a debate on Brexit.
The hon.
Member is seeking to spare his party its  blushes—in particular Scottish Labour—and I respect him for that.
We know why we need to open up that debate.
The Treasury will tell us why: it is because of how much money Brexit is costing our public services.
Our young people know why: it is because of the opportunities Brexit is costing them.
I listened to  the hon.
Member for Welwyn Hatfield (Andrew Lewin)  yesterday in Westminster Hall.
He made a good speech in which he tried to talk about opportunities for young people through a youth mobility scheme that he endorsed, but he also spoke of capping the number of young people who could participate, so that fewer young people had the freedom of movement that both he and I enjoyed.
What a paucity of ambition from the Labour party for our young people, who have been left with fewer rights.
I expected that from the Conservative party, but not in my wildest dreams would I have expected it from the Labour party, which now wants to crow about the situation and the cap on young people.
The Westminster Hall debate was interesting, and was largely conducted in good spirit, though I think his speech slightly misjudged the tone of Westminster Hall.