Labour is starting to experience difficulties at the hands of Reform because it is looking to pander to Reform’s agenda and move on to some of the uncomfortable territory.
We take Reform on; we do not pander to it.
That is the lesson of history.
Many Labour Members are actively in the business of taking on the Reform party, whose Members are absent once again from the Chamber today—I am not sure whether that is to our detriment or not.
Many Labour parliamentarians, including me, are proud of the contribution of immigration to our country.
We are still going to have net immigration under a Labour Government.
I am proud of the University of Hertfordshire—based in my constituency—where more than 50% of students are international students.
I am pleased that the hon.
Member praised the Scottish Labour leader, but please do not mischaracterise the position of Labour Members.
I have no doubt that the hon.
Member is utterly sincere.
I have listened to several remarks from his Labour colleagues, and some of them greatly impressed me.
It encouraged me to think that there is a little bit of a fight-back.
I sat on the Committee considering the Border Security, Asylum and Immigration Bill, and I did not enjoy that for one minute.
What I saw was a range of initiatives and policies that could basically have come from the Conservatives.
It was very much the same sort of theme and trend: immigration was bad, it had to be curbed, it had to be taken on and dealt with.
It was never seen as a positive.
I encourage the hon.
Gentleman to speak up, do more of this, and encourage his colleagues to speak out clearly on these issues.
That is what we need.
We are in a political crisis—at a juncture in our political culture and history—and we need brave gentlemen like him to stand up there and take it on, rather than listening to his Front Benchers.
The Home Secretary in particular has a track record on this.
He needs to challenge her and the Home Office.
The hon.
Member has spoken at great length about the benefits of immigration.
I am married to an eastern European immigrant, so I am well aware of the massive benefits of immigration to this country.
What I am bit confused about, though, is how adding an extra layer of red tape and a potential border between England and Scotland would improve or make a difference to what he has just talked about.
I was going to leave that point until later in my speech, but the hon.
Gentleman tempts me to get on to that territory now—he is obviously looking for some sort of solution.
I will try to explain our plans and intentions to him as best I can, as well as where I think this matter should eventually go.
When I chaired the Scottish Affairs Committee, we were lucky enough to go to Quebec to look at its state-wide immigration system, which is fantastic.
Members should go to Montreal and have a look the construction there—it is a boom city.
It is able to do that because the Quebecois state Parliament was able to gain control over immigration from the state Government.
As a result, Quebec can appeal to Francophone Europe to think about settling there, thereby attracting the specific skills that are lacking.
That has led to such incredible growth in Quebec, which is in charge of its immigration system.
That works in Canada.
Are we trying to suggest that what people call “the most powerful devolved Parliament in the world” could not come up with a similar or even more effective system than what we saw in Canada?
That is what we can do if we have the imagination.
The hon.
Member for Banbury (Sean Woodcock)  asks how this would work.
I think I heard somebody talk about border guards and passport controls between Scotland and England.