We do way beyond our national share when it comes to inward migration, so please let us have no more of this.
Let us just agree that people come to Scotland and we want more to do so.
Regardless of how successful we have been in attracting people, we are still in a situation of long-term population decline in Scotland.
That is the population, but the demography of Scotland is a bigger horror story, and it is one thing that we really need to look at.
Some 22% of Scotland’s population is over 65, which is one of the highest ratios in the whole of the western world—I think the figure for England is 17%.
We have a birth rate of one child for every three women—again, one of the worst rates in the whole of the industrialised world.
I do  not need to lecture hon.
Members about what the birth rate means.
We need two children for every woman just to sustain the population at its current levels; a birth rate of one child for every three women cannot be sustainable.
That is what makes the two-child benefit cap all the more absurd, heinous and callous.
This Government are working contrary to what we need in Scotland to address some of these issues.
Therefore, given our falling birth rate, we are entirely dependent on immigration to keep our population at current levels, and maybe to increase it modestly for the prospects of economic growth.
One of the few ambitions and commitments that this Government are sticking to is to cut net migration—that is their absolute and utter mission.
They will not even bring forward a youth mobility scheme in all its glory because of their concern about the impact on net migration.
Scotland is burdened with an immigration system and a set of Government policies that make our situation so much worse.
Why do you think that we consistently call for this power to be devolved?
No Scottish Labour MP has stood up and opposed that commitment.
If they are not going to do it, they should give the power to us and allow us to do so.
All over the world, the populations of Western industrial countries are facing these difficulties.
They have got the powers to address them—we have seen examples in Italy and Spain, which have particularly bad birth rates, almost on a par with what Scotland has.
They have ministries devoted to trying to increase the birth rate and do something about the impending crisis that is coming their way.
Even in China, population stagnation is beginning to take hold.
The world population will stop growing in about 2055, and at that point there will be stagnation before rapid population fall.
It is at the point where that curve starts to bend that we get stagnation, which is why nations are addressing the issues that they have.
Have a look at Japan: historically resistant to immigration, Japan is going through a structural economic crisis because of its demography and population issues.
Its population is due to fall by 20% in the next 10 years because of the falling birth rate.
It is going to fall from third in the GDP rankings to 10th.
That is what awaits the United Kingdom over the course of the next 20 or 30 years.
This Government cannot look further than the nose on their face; all they are seeing just now is Reform, and all they are thinking about is, “How do we take them on; how do we beat them?”
There is no strategic thinking or long-term vision about what we will do towards the end of the century when all of this starts to take hold.
Nothing, no imagination, no inquiry, but this is where we are going.