The hon.
Member for Banbury (Sean Woodcock)  asks how this would work.
I think I heard somebody talk about border guards and passport controls between Scotland and England.
In the past 10 years, Scotland has acquired significant new powers over taxation—we can have a debate about that at some other point—which has allowed us to set up Revenue Scotland, so all of us in Scotland have a different tax code from everybody else throughout the United Kingdom.
That individual Scottish tax code allows us to know where people are living and working.
If they have such a tax code, they are paying taxes in Scotland.
If we had a Scottish visa, one of the conditions for people coming to Scotland from outwith the United Kingdom would be for them to have a Scottish tax code  that would allow us to monitor where they are living and working.
One of the conditions for their coming in would be to be resident and working in Scotland.
If they broke the conditions for their entry to Scotland, they would no longer be entitled to a Scottish visa and would be made illegal.
Who on earth would do that?
Why would somebody not want the opportunity to live in Scotland.
There are practical solutions that other nations use.
Surely nobody is suggesting that Scotland could not introduce such a scheme.
It has been done before.
We have already talked about fresh talent.
Labour has given Scotland an advantage in immigration before and could do it again.
It is not beyond the wit of the Scottish nation to ensure that we have an immigration system and a specific tax code, but we need the means to do it.
There is another issue that I wish to take on, which I addressed in response to an intervention, and that is the idea that Scotland does not get any migrants from the rest of the UK—that they do not want to come to Scotland.
That is just utter bunkum and rubbish.
I hope that, after this debate, that suggestion will never be made again, because it is just rubbish.
I will give the House a few statistics.
According to the National Records of Scotland, in the year leading up to mid-2022, net migration from the rest of the UK to Scotland increased to 12,500, up from 8,900 the previous year.
The trend continued, with net internal migration rising to 13,900 in the year to June 2023—the last figures. [
Interruption.]
That is a 21-year high, and 39% higher than pre-pandemic levels.
Will the hon.
Gentleman give way?
Just a minute—be patient.
People come to Scotland from the rest of the United Kingdom because of our more affordable living costs, things such as free university tuition and free personal care, our progressive social contract, and the fact that it is a beautiful and great country to stay in.
Of course people come to Scotland—let us knock this on the head.
I do not know whether the hon.
Lady has got a point about this; I am keen to hear what it is.
The hon.
Gentleman is mischaracterising what I said—we are not talking about absolute figures.
Yes, the figures have risen, but they are disproportionately lower than for the rest of the UK.
Once I find it, if the hon.
Gentleman will let me, I will quote directly from the National Records of Scotland.
I am sorry—I thought I was going to get the figures.
We do way beyond our national share when it comes to inward migration, so please let us have no more of this.
Let us just agree that people come to Scotland and we want more to do so.
Regardless of how successful we have been in attracting people, we are still in a situation of long-term population decline in Scotland.