They will find that hospitality and tourism businesses are cutting back hours or closing because they do not have the staff to keep themselves properly functioning and organised.
I am somewhat confused by the hon.
Gentleman’s speech.
He started off by accusing Labour Members of talking Scotland down, but then told us that Scotland was in crisis—one wonders who was in government at the time—and continued his peroration by saying that there is an aging society.
I wonder if he will take some sort of responsibility, or reflect on the fact that he seems to be talking down the independent Scotland of which he dreams.
I am almost grateful for the intervention, confused and clumsy as it was, because I have a solution for the hon.
Gentleman.
What we need when we face a crisis, as we do now, are solutions.
What my hon.
Friend the Member for Arbroath and Broughty Ferry has offered by starting this conversation is a way to deal with the issues we face in Scotland.
Scotland is not unique; the same thing is happening throughout the whole western industrialised world.
We face issues because birth rates across the world are falling calamitously.
Every nation needs to do something about the conditions that they find themselves in.
Today we are asking for a Scottish response to the distinct circumstances we are dealing with, because we have got it really bad.
Our issues with the falling birth rate have been exacerbated, not by anything that the Scottish Government are doing, as Labour Members suggest, but because of what my hon.
Friend the Member for Arbroath and Broughty Ferry said about Brexit.
Brexit has killed our population sustainability and population growth.
The hon.
Member talked about the consequences of Brexit.
One consequence is that we have seen record soaring net migration rates across the UK, but the proportion of people coming to Scotland is low.
Has he looked at how the SNP can attract immigrants and migrants to Scotland without blaming Westminster?
I wondered how long it would take to get to this point.
That is utter bunkum and rubbish.
The suggestion started by the Conservatives—but it seems to have been readily picked up by the Labour party—that we are not able to attract to Scotland people from the rest of the United Kingdom is utter rubbish.
The figure is at a record high.
Why does the hon.
Lady not look at the National Records of Scotland report, which will tell her that?
We have the highest net migration to Scotland from the rest of the United Kingdom that we have ever had.
indicated dissent.
The hon.
Lady shakes her head.
She has obviously not read the report.
I extoll her to do so, because this nonsense has been allowed to take hold for too long and it cannot continue any longer.
We have record net migration from the rest of the United Kingdom.
Believe me, Madam Deputy Speaker, we do not get depressed about that.
We do not think that is a bad thing.
We think it is a positive.
We encourage people to come to Scotland, unlike Labour Members, who discourage people from coming to the United Kingdom, and who do everything possible to put up barriers and make life difficult and miserable for people trying to come to the shores of the United Kingdom.
We are the exact opposite in Scotland.
Scotland is not full up, and we need people to come to our country.
I welcome anybody from the rest of the United Kingdom who wants to come to a beautiful place and a fantastic country to live in.
Come to Scotland!
I challenge any Labour Member to say to the rest of the world, “Come to the United Kingdom.”
It is not in their cultural or political DNA.
We are in a difficult situation.
The simple fact is that Scotland needs more working-age people to refresh our population.