Whether we are talking about those in the Outer Hebrides, the Isle of Wight, or any of the countless communities that feel overlooked and underserved, the people across Scotland deserve far better than what they have received so far.
They deserve competent leadership, not constant excuses.
They deserve joined-up policies that work, not duplications and distractions.
They deserve public services that are strong and reliable, not stretched to the brink.
Above all, they deserve Governments at every level that are honest about what they can deliver and accountable when they do not.
This Bill may be wrapped in the language of empowerment, but in reality it risks becoming just another example of symbolism over substance.
On the point about symbolism over substance, does the hon.
Member agree that we should have a vote on the Bill today and dig into it in Committee, as one would with any other Bill?
I could not agree with him more.
I do not agree with the hon.
Gentleman —not on the vote, but we have not finished the debate, so let us see how today plays out.
Let us focus on what truly matters: fix the systems we already have, strengthen the powers that are already devolved, and deliver on the promises already made.
People are not asking for grand gestures; they are asking for real change.
May I wholeheartedly congratulate my hon.
Friend  the Member for Arbroath and Broughty Ferry (Stephen Gethins)  on introducing this vital and critical Bill this morning?
I also commend him for the diplomatic and charming way that he always introduces these debates to the House.
He was very generous in taking so many points of view this morning.
Before I make my substantial points, I want to say a little bit about the tone of this House today.
When it was the Conservatives sat on the Government Benches, we collected what they said about Scotland and all the issues to do with devolved government.
We stowed them away and we used it against them.
Now they are gone—utterly and totally gone.
When Scottish Labour Members speak Scotland down, as they have this morning, we collect, collate and keep those comments to use back against them.
I ever so gently suggest to my Scottish friends on the Labour Benches that they look at the  by-election result last night.
It was absolutely damning for the Labour party.
Whatever Labour is doing through this new attack of line against the Scottish Government, it is singularly failing.
It will fail Labour in the way that it failed the Conservatives.
I caution Labour Members not to try to pit this House against the Scottish Parliament.
It did not work for the Conservatives and it will not work for them.
Today is about the Bill.
We are in real trouble in Scotland, and that is why the Bill is critical.
There can be no doubt whatsoever that Scotland is in the early stages of a population and demographic crisis that will get a lot worse unless we do something.
We cannot leave things in the condition that they are in.
With our falling birth rate, we have too few working-age people available to look after an ever-older population.
We are in the early stages of population stagnation, and we already see the impact.
We need only look at our health service, which has difficulties recruiting staff.
In our social care sector, we are approaching something like a workforce crisis.
I appeal to people to go and look not at the nuclear subs in Clydebank, but at rural areas of Scotland like mine.
They will find that hospitality and tourism businesses are cutting back hours or closing because they do not have the staff to keep themselves properly functioning and organised.
I am somewhat confused by the hon.
Gentleman’s speech.