It was backed by the UK Government and the Scottish Government, with overwhelming support from hon.
Members in this House.
The policy was then subsumed by a general UK policy, which meant that we lost our advantage.
rose—
I know that fresh talent is exciting and of interest to the Secretary of State, so I give way to him.
I sat on the Scottish Affairs Committee when it was chaired by the hon.
Gentleman and produced one of those reports on migration and depopulation in Scotland—I think it was during the 2015 to 2017 Parliament —and I remember that one of the conclusions of the report was that the biggest type of migration out of Scotland was 19 to 26-year-olds migrating to the rest of the UK.
We never answered why.
Absolutely.
I was going to come to that, but it is good to look at that now.
There are reasons for that, although I am not entirely clear about them; the Committee did not get to the heart of that in its analysis.
We live in a United Kingdom and have a massive mega-city, London, so there is always the allure for young Scots to come down to London.
I did it myself, and I am pretty certain that the Secretary of State spent a good part of his young life in London.
Most Scots at some point find themselves living in  London.
But it is worse than that for Scotland, because we have a centuries-old historical culture and tradition of emigration.
Immigration has not really been that big an issue for us.
We obviously benefit from it, but the key feature in the history of Scotland and this debate is emigration.
As everybody knows, there are Scots communities all around the world, from Canada and New Zealand to the United States, and they have always acted as a draw for our young people.
Not so much now, but previously, young Scots settled abroad, so we got into this cultural trend of people leaving Scotland.
We have to address that.
One other thing that the Scottish Affairs Committee looked at but did not come to any great conclusion about was deindustrialisation and its impact on encouraging people to emigrate.
We obviously have deindustrialisation in Scotland, and we need only look at some of our major cities, and at the difficulties and features of life in those cities, to see why people would leave.
We are wrestling with problems that successive UK Governments have bequeathed Scotland, whether through Brexit policy or the two-child benefit cap, mixed with the historical attitude to emigration and deindustrialisation.
Those are the things that my hon.
Friend the Member for Arbroath and Broughty Ferry and his modest Bill invite us to address.
My hon.
Friend has not got the solution in the Bill; he said that, and that it is an open Bill.
I am quite surprised that the Secretary of State does not understand how Committee works for private Members’ Bills.
My hon.
Friend is giving an invitation to the House.
I am laying out the difficulties and issues that we have identified—I will get on to demography in Scotland in a minute; hon.
Members should wait till they hear about that—and my hon.
Friend is saying, “Help us.”
Let us work together.
We have a real problem in Scotland.
There are some fantastic contributions to be made, with real in-depth analysis by people who understand how to look at critical questions and come up with solutions.
Help us deal with this, so that we can address the range of issues that we have.
Believe me, if we do not start to address them, we will be in really serious trouble.
I have been listening with great interest to the hon.
Gentleman.
We see from other countries that there are ways of dealing with the issue without having full devolution, for many of the reasons that my hon.