Member is asking us some valuable questions on things that need to be probed a little bit deeper, such as cost and complexity.
Those are all matters we are having to consider under Brexit, which is costing £40 billion a year. [
Interruption.]
I can hear the chuntering, but I am addressing the Member on whom I am intervening. [
Hon.
Members: “Ooh!”]
Are you surprised?
That is how a proper adult debate happens.
I ask the hon.
Member this important question: given that he is asking some legitimate questions that he and we would like to explore, why not bring the Bill to a vote, so that we can take it forward to Committee to explore those questions further?
Order.
Before I call Richard Quigley, may I just remind Members that good temper and moderation are the hallmark of this Parliament?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his intervention.
I wish I had all the answers to his questions, because I am sure it would have saved us time.
It is now six minutes to 11, and I could have had a longer breakfast.
Duplicating things for one part of the country does not solve a problem; it creates one.
If the SNP cannot manage a shipbuilding contract without going £260 million over budget, what makes us think it would manage immigration efficiently or affordably?
Will the hon.
Member give way?
I will make slightly more progress and then give way.
The Bill proposes the devolution of immigration powers to the Scottish Government, under the argument that economic migration could support rural and island communities.
Let me be absolutely clear: I agree that migration, when done properly, can be a lifeline.
It can bring new energy to struggling areas, provide vital workers and enrich our communities.
But this Bill, with all the good will in the world, fails to offer the security, clarity or accountability needed to deliver those outcomes.
When I came into this debate, I did not expect the main thrust of the Labour party’s argument to be a concession that it will not win the next Holyrood election.
Labour Members have consistently said that this is about handing powers to the SNP.
Do they understand how democracy works?
Or are they looking at the polls and saying, “Oh my goodness, we are totally in trouble before 2026, so it’s got to be an SNP Government next year”?
That is a bit of a reach.
How will the Scottish Government manage border security between England and Scotland?
How will they ensure consistency with UK immigration policy?
How will they safeguard against misuse or confusion about legal status?
These questions remain unanswered, and regrettably this Bill would create far more uncertainty than solutions.
Is my hon.
Friend aware that the Scottish National party’s own Minister for independence has let the cat out of the bag and said that border  checks were expected to be a “hard reality” in the future?
Does my hon.
Friend agree that this Bill, in its one sentence, is the Trojan horse that will bring forward that hard reality?
I was not aware of that, but I think that this one-sentence Bill is probably the SNP’s hard border to getting any further.
Above all, the most pressing question is this.
Before those in the SNP ask for more powers, why not first demonstrate that they can effectively use the powers they already have?
Before reaching for immigration levers—hon.
Members can all finish this line for me—fix the ferries.
Before seeking new authority, show that they can deliver on their current responsibilities.
Whether we are talking about those in the Outer Hebrides, the Isle of Wight, or any of the countless communities that feel overlooked and underserved, the people across Scotland deserve far better than what they have received so far.
They deserve competent leadership, not constant excuses.
They deserve joined-up policies that work, not duplications and distractions.