They talk about the Scottish Government an awful lot but not the areas for which they have responsibility.
This Bill speaks to a specific Scottish solution that could be brought in to meet particular Scottish needs, and it is one that, to be fair, Scottish Labour has talked about.
Let me move on to talk about think-tanks and other organisations.
The Law Society of Scotland—
Will the hon.
Gentleman give way?
I will give way to the Secretary of State one more time, and then I will move on to these other organisations.
The hon.
Gentleman has been very generous in giving way when it suited him to do so.
All the things he is talking about are not included in the Bill.
It is a simple, one-line Bill that would devolve the entire immigration system to Scotland.
For Members who might not know how the Scotland Act 1998 operates, let me explain that if a matter is contained in schedule 5 to that Act, it is reserved, and if it is not, it is deemed to be devolved.
This Bill is just devolving the entire immigration system, so the individual issues relating to visas that he is talking about are irrelevant to this debate.
I thank the Secretary of State, because that was a valuable intervention and he raises a good point—[Interruption.]
I am glad that he is paying attention now.
I raised that point at the start of the debate, when I said that this is not ideal.
It is a short Bill that was proposed some time ago and, as I have said, I am very open to it being amended.
I hope we will vote on this today and I ask the Secretary of State to meet me so that he and I can sit down with his officials, and Home Office officials if they will listen to him, and bring them in.
I am looking to the Secretary of State and hope that he will today give that commitment to meet me so that we get something that works for his party, can work for others and can hopefully work for the sector as well. [
Interruption.]
I will take that as a yes, so I am very glad and thank him for being so constructive.
The hon.
Gentleman has to be clear with the House about the purpose of the Bill, because we will have to vote on it today if the Division bells ring.
If the Bill passes, it will merely remove immigration from schedule 5 of the Scotland Act 1998, which would devolve immigration to the Scottish Government—yes or no?
rose—
Will my hon.
Friend give way?
I will answer the Secretary of State’s point first and then give way.
The Secretary of State has been here for longer than me.
I have been here longer than the Secretary of State.
My hon.
Friend says he has been here longer than the Secretary of State.
The Secretary of State knows that this is a Second Reading debate.
I have been keen to say that from the start.
I have been saying it to the media this morning, and I said it in my letter to Anas Sarwar, which I copied to the Secretary of State.
I wanted to do that and to make sure that my letter went to Scottish leaders—I am not sure how often they talk, but I wanted to ensure that the Secretary of State had seen the letter as well.
The letter talked about us coming together and talking to each other.
On that point, I will give way to a very experienced Member, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Perth and Kinross-shire (Pete Wishart) .
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for giving way.