I am glad that that was the final point, because it talks to me of the paucity of ambition we have seen from the Labour party, which I find disappointing and which will drive more children into poverty through cuts to the disabled.
If it simply replicated what we did in Scotland with the Scottish child payment, there could be benefits throughout the United Kingdom.
I look at the countries around us that have taken a more positive approach to European integration and to working with other countries—look at Ireland and the benefits that it has had from independence and European integration.
Where under previous Governments we saw unfairness, we now see that gap being reduced, because of their wide range of powers—a country that previously suffered from emigration is now benefiting from immigration.
That is ambition.
Those are the benefits that these things can bring, and they are right on our doorstep.
That point talks to me about the conversation around this issue.
Can we please pull the poison out of the migration debate?
Nobody is talking about uncontrolled migration, and we obviously need to distinguish between migration and refugees.
Maybe, on the eve of his funeral, we can reflect on Pope Francis’s compassion for the most vulnerable in society.
We would all do well to reflect on that, especially on the heartbreaking conversations I have had around those people desperate enough to get into small boats and try to cross the channel.
I will talk about the Scottish Trades Union Congress; Members might do well to listen to it.
The First Minister is right to highlight both the negative effect of pandering to anti-immigrant sentiment and the need for a separate Scottish approach.
The STUC supports additional powers on migration for the Scottish Parliament.
If Government Members will not listen to us, to Reform Scotland, the care sector or the higher education sector, maybe they will listen to the Trades Union Congress instead.
The First Minister was right to push back on the hard right and on how we conduct ourselves in office.
We must challenge Reform, and I am deeply disappointed that its Members are not here today, because I have been reasonably generous in taking interventions from Members of different parties.
I wish they were here so that we could push back on the rhetoric that, I am sorry to say, too many in this House too often lean into.
This idea was initially proposed by Michael Gove to offset Brexit.
That is the idea we got from him.
Brexit left us poorer, with fewer rights and more isolated, and it left young people with fewer opportunities.
It hit public finances and our rights, and it left the UK isolated and vulnerable—more isolated than at any other time since the second world war.
I am an internationalist; I want to see countries pooling and sharing sovereignty.
I want to see a European Union that provides a model in the modern age, a European Union that—[Interruption.]
This is the thing that Labour—like the Tories and Reform—leans into: this sense of British exceptionalism.
They lean into the sense that this is the only Union out there, but that exceptionalism is so small in its outlook.
That is how I would describe it: small, isolated and lonely.
I want to see us rejoin the European Union.
Ireland and England have never had a better relationship in their history than they do now.
Our relationship is one of partnership, of equals, and of previously being within the Union that built that.
Labour was elected on a small minority.
I say to Labour Members that it is time to listen.
This Bill is imperfect; I can see that.
It will not be for everybody, but let us approve it in principle, let us get it through, and then let us work together on a commitment that has been made by our party and the Scottish Labour party.