We have some fine islands, as my hon.
Friend  the Member for Argyll, Bute and South Lochaber (Brendan O’Hara)  is keen to reminds us on a regular basis, but they are not the same.
To compare the Isle of Sheppey with Scotland is a false comparison.
I take the hon.
Gentleman’s point and he is right to raise it—the value of these kinds of debates is that we can have such exchanges.
The reason that I went through what has been said by all the think-tanks, the experts and the sectors—I could have gone on for longer, but I suspect you, Madam Deputy Speaker, would have hauled me up for that—is because there is such a body of evidence in Scotland around the issue.
That is why the idea has had such a serious reading from every single party in Scotland.
On that point, does my hon.
Friend agree that it is that strength of cross-sector agreement in Scotland that leaves so many people disappointed?
Their expectations and hopes were raised that a change of Government in this place would lead to a change in migration policy, so does that not make it essential that Scotland’s interests in relation to this issue are served by powers resting in Holyrood, rather than the Government here?
My right hon.
Friend is right.
I want to see these powers rest in Holyrood—that will surprise nobody—and he and I absolutely agree on that.
I have also opened up this matter by saying, “You can amend.
You can change.”
I do not want my hon.
Friend the Member for Perth and Kinross-shire to have to school the Secretary of State again on process, but that is something that we can do.
I say in the spirit of collegiality that I look forward to working with the Secretary of State on this issue, because I think we can find common ground.
Will the hon.
Gentleman give way?
I will finish with a conversation on migration, but I will take one more intervention, because I want to hear the perspective of another Member from elsewhere in the UK.
The hon.
Member makes the point that there is a body of evidence in favour of his Bill.
I point him to another body of evidence: the fact that there are 100,000 children in Scotland who do not have a home to call their own.
At the same time, we have children in schools in Scotland with the widest poverty-related attainment gap ever.
That is the body of evidence that we need to look to.
Does he agree that his party would be better off looking at addressing those issues to attract workers to Scotland, rather than creating more red tape for businesses?
I have to say I am a bit struck by that, when the Government are bringing in their cuts to the disabled, which will push more children in Scotland into poverty.
That is a Westminster policy driving Scottish child poverty, at the same time that we have UN reports talking about the benefits of the Scottish child payment.
If that policy was brought in across the UK, it would take tens of thousands of children, including those in the hon.
Lady’s constituency, out of poverty.
We know that that would happen.
I am glad that that was the final point, because it talks to me of the paucity of ambition we have seen from the Labour party, which I find disappointing and which will drive more children into poverty through cuts to the disabled.
If it simply replicated what we did in Scotland with the Scottish child payment, there could be benefits throughout the United Kingdom.
I look at the countries around us that have taken a more positive approach to European integration and to working with other countries—look at Ireland and the benefits that it has had from independence and European integration.