HONORING THE MEMORY OF JOHN MORROW DERBY, PRESIDENT OF MID-VALLEY PUBLICATIONS Mr. DUARTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of John Morrow Derby, a legend of Central Valley journalism who spent 60 years in the newspaper business. Mr. Derby was the publisher of five local weekly newspapers, including the Merced County Times, the Atwater-Winton Times, the Hilmar Times, the Hughson Chronicle, and the Waterford News. He also served as president of the parent company Mid-Valley Publications. Mr. Derby was known for coining the local slogan and business mantra, ``The Power of Positive Press.'' He was an avid sailor, a member of the Lake Yosemite Sailing Association, and a longtime member of the Merced Sunrise Rotary Club. John Derby first came to the Central Valley in the 1950s, studying at Fresno State and serving in the military toward the end of the Korean conflict. In Korea, he picked up the journalism bug when he pursued an assignment to write about the operations of nine battalions from Seoul to Panmunjom where the peace talks were held. Mr. Derby would eventually end up in Merced in 1961 after landing a reporting job at the Sun-Star. Over the course of six decades, he started multiple newspapers across the Central Valley. Mr. Derby once wrote, ``Life without being a newspaper man is about the most boring thing in the world. The ink really is in my blood . . . I am here to stay and do what I have loved to do all my life--and that is to cover the lives of people in our community in a positive way.'' Last Christmas, he wrote a deeply personal message to some of his top staffers: ``You are full grown, and capable newspaper people. You have learned all the lessons it took me 60 years to learn and more. Now it is your duty to teach others the art of good honest journalism . . . May your ship of life sail true. May the ocean be wide and the currents be strong. May the winds blow hard. May you sail on, through the fury of those winds, and come out whole.'' Throughout his six-decade career in journalism, John Morrow Derby exemplified ``The Power of Positive Press'' with his devotion to his community and his steadfast dedication to fairness, decency, and truth. It was an honor to have known him, and upon his passing, I would like to extend my sincere condolences to his family and express my deepest sympathies to his beloved Mid-Valley Publications team.