RECOGNIZING TIMOTHY ARNADE Mr. LARSEN of Washington. Mr. Speaker, today I would like to recognize Timothy Arnade for his distinguished career and significant contributions and accomplishments at the Federal Highway Administration (FHWA). After 41 years of federal service, including 29 years with FHWA, Mr. Arnade retired from FHWA on December 31, 2023. A dedicated public servant, Mr. Arnade began his career serving in the Peace Corps. Throughout his time with FHWA, Mr. Arnade served with distinction and operated at a consistently exceptional level. From July 7, 2008, through his retirement, Mr. Arnade served as Team Leader for Congressional Affairs in FHWA's Office of Policy and Governmental Affairs. In this capacity, Mr. Arnade led a team that responded to all Congressional requests that came to FHWA. This included thousands of requests for technical assistance on individual pieces of legislation, spanning numerous committees and both authorization and appropriations law. Mr. Arnade also played a pivotal role in numerous Federal-aid Highway Program reauthorizations, including the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century (MAP-21); the Fixing America's Surface Transportation Act (FAST Act); and most recently, the transformational Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act (known as the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law). Mr. Arnade is a national expert in the areas of transportation safety, infrastructure, innovation, and accountability. All those who interacted with Mr. Arnade--Congressional and Committee staff, state and local governmental officials, FHWA and U.S. Department of Transportation leadership, and his peers in other modal administrations--readily acknowledge his dedication to the safety and improvement of our nation's infrastructure and the American people who use it. He brought a remarkable ability to communicate in a clear, effective, and timely manner with Member offices and Congressional Committees on complex transportation issues. This ability served him particularly well in times of infrastructure emergencies when responsiveness and communication are most critical.