There is a pattern here: they banned onshore wind and raised bills, they slashed energy efficiency and raised bills, and now they have trashed offshore wind, raising bills.
That is why we are so exposed.
I know that the right hon.
Lady did not make those decisions, but now that she is the Secretary of State, she needs to tell us, after 13 years of failure, what is she going to do differently?
Let me tell the right hon.
Gentleman about the last 13 years.
We have decarbonised faster than any G7 country, while also growing the economy.
We have grown renewable energy from 7% of our electricity when Labour left power to 50% now.
I am proud of what we have achieved over the last 13 years.
We have a proud record when it comes to climate change and a proud record when it comes to renewable energy, and I am proud to defend it.
We now come to the SNP spokesperson.
I welcome the Secretary of State to her new role.
I wish I could have welcomed her to her new role on  5 September , when we had the remaining stages of the Energy Bill, but she was not here.
I wish I could have welcomed her on  7 September  for the urgent question on the auction round 5 strike  price, but she was not here for that either, so what has the new Secretary of State been doing in the midst of the chronic energy crisis facing our constituents and allowing her Department to see shovel-ready offshore wind go into abeyance?
What has she been doing?
I struggle to see how that was directly related to the question, but let me tell the hon.
Gentleman what I have been doing.
I was here for the Third Reading of the Energy Bill; perhaps he was not.
During this time, I have been moving forward with all the Government’s priorities on energy security and ensuring that we can move to a just, clean transition.
Forgive me if that rendition is not immediately recognisable in offshore wind projects from auction round 5.
I hope the Department has learnt some salutary lessons from this mess, but it will be consumers who pick up the bill.
Can I ask the Secretary of State for her personal intervention in pumped storage to introduce a cap and floor mechanism, which industry has been clear is absolutely necessary to get this vital baseload energy source into position?
Will she intervene personally and get that moving, because it is blowing in the breeze just now?
I am absolutely focused on getting investment into offshore wind.
One of the first things I did after AR5 was speak to investors from across the board, to make sure I was listening to their concerns, and there are multiple things they care about.
One is having certainty; there was lots of welcoming of the move to annual auctions.
The other is connections to the grid.
I will be looking at all those things and making sure we can get the investment the sector needs.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of carbon capture, usage and storage technology on economic growth.
We have committed £20 billion to the early deployment of carbon, capture, utilisation and storage, which will deliver economic growth and decarbonisation of our industrial heartlands.
Our analysis has shown that it could support up to 50,000 jobs in 2030 and add up to £5 billion to the economy by 2050.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for her reply.
Following the commitment in “Powering Up Britain” to provide up to £20 billion of funding for early deployment of CCUS, how does she intend to finance that support?