I had the particular pleasure of working with her on the Committees on Arms Export Controls.
Arms exports were obviously a significant issue that she reflected on in many different capacities in her career.
I remember working with her on the Committees—I will not go into too many details, because we are not supposed to reveal certain proceedings— and dealing with a lot of shenanigans, with things making it out into the media and so on.
Ann’s expertise and length of time in this place, having seen so much of it in the past, was a great instructor to me on how to handle such situations.
Even amid all that, she never lost track of her clear purpose, which was to stand up for civilians affected by conflict, for children, for human rights, and for basic standards and decency, even in war and conflict.
Ann spoke passionately about that issue on the very last day that she spoke in this place in the valedictory debate, which I will quote in a moment.
She taught me an incredible amount about sticking to principles, driving forward and fighting through difficult political situations.
Ann served as an MEP before coming into this place.
I spent a lot of time with her here during the Brexit debates, which as we all know were tumultuous, tiring and trying at times.
Ann never lost sense of her principles and what she stood for.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Caerphilly (Wayne David)  talked about how Ann stuck to her principles and was very tough, but she was truly an internationalist.
She was never afraid to tell it as it was in this place when she thought others were getting it right rather than us.
In that valedictory debate, she said:
“There are other reasons why I was pleased that I went there first”—
referring to the European Parliament.
“I have to say that it was a cultural shock for me to come here, because I had not realised how delusional people here were.
I will tell you why.
It was because we gave the impression that we did everything better than everybody else, when in fact there were many examples of other countries doing things better than we did, and I was pleased to have had the opportunity of experiencing that.
”—[Official Report,  5 November 2019 ; Vol.
667, c. 699.]
Ann was deeply and passionately Welsh and British.
She was proud of our country and what we did in the world when we were at our best, but she was also not  afraid to tell it as it was and to question and criticise, whether on domestic or international issues or on so many of the other causes that she went for.
How she spoke in that last debate really sums her up.
Ann was a tireless advocate for, and regularly spoke to me about, human rights in a whole series of countries, from Türkiye to East Timor, as  the right hon.
Member for Islington North (Jeremy Corbyn)  mentioned.
She fought for children in the terrible conflict in Syria in recent decades.
She proudly spoke up alongside other dear departed colleagues such as Jo Cox and others in those crucial debates about the situation for children in Syria.
Despite all that international work, she never lost sight at all of the centrality of her constituency.
I sat down with her couple of years ago after she had retired, and she talked with encyclopaedic knowledge about the Phurnacite plant and everything that went on with her campaign on that in the constituency.
She told me that at one point it was the most polluting plant in western Europe.
She was resolute in her desire to fight for better air quality and standards for her constituents.
She was not satisfied when the plant had closed, but fought for the clean-up and the return of greenery and wildlife to that site.
That sums her up.