In January this year, we asked the permanent secretary about his Department’s failure to respond.
He said:
“We need to make sure that it is an important responsibility of the Department that we respond on time.”
We have seen little evidence that the Department has taken this responsibility more seriously.
Indeed, in the case of our report on reform in the private rented sector, published in February, the lack of response has been deeply disappointing.
The two-month deadline passed on  9 April .
On  3 May , the Secretary of State wrote to the Committee to explain that the delayed response will be published
“alongside the introduction of the Renters Reform Bill”.
The Bill was introduced on  2 May , but we have still not received a response to the report.
Instead, we have heard that a response will be published “as soon as possible”.
We have made seven separate formal requests for the response, as well as many informal requests, but we are still waiting for the Government’s response.
It is now more than five months overdue.
The Committee broadly supports the legislation on private rental reform and has made suggestions for  its improvement.
We now need to hear whether the Government plan to accept these recommendations, and if not, why not.
We expected a response in April; we were promised one in May; we are now in September and still waiting.
We are also waiting for the Second Reading of the Bill.
We hope to receive the response before Second Reading, although that appears to have been somewhat delayed as well.
It is imperative that the Government fully consider the Committee’s conclusions and recommendations in the report, and publish a full response imminently.
Our special report calls for a Government response on the private rented sector in the next two weeks, along with  an explanation as to what has caused the delay.
We have requested an assessment from the Cabinet Secretary about these matters.
Finally, we have asked the Liaison Committee to consider a formal review of Government response times, including our experiences with this Department.
In reality, a Select Committee’s powers and effectiveness are significantly undermined when the Government do not fulfil their responsibilities towards it.
Ministers must be accountable to this House.
We, as a Committee, treat our responsibility to scrutinise the Department and its Ministers with the utmost seriousness.
It is time that the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities took its responsibilities to our Committee and the House equally seriously.
The first step in doing so must be to respond to our principal output—our reports—in a professional and timely manner.
I normally take great pleasure in coming to the House to report on the Committee’s inquiries and findings.
It gives me no pleasure at all to have to make this statement today.
I hope I do not have to make a similar statement in the future.
Motion made, and Question proposed, That this House do now adjourn.—(Gagan Mohindra.)
Having sat for many years next to Ann on this very spot on the Back Benches, and on the other side of the House as well, I want to echo my hon.
Friend’s remarks about Ann’s incredible passion, pride and sense of justice, but I also want to mention her sense of mischief and the twinkle in her eye.
She brought both passion and humour to this Chamber.
She is sadly missed, and we are all greatly diminished by the lack of her presence in this House.
Certainly in Cardiff West, where in her latter years she was a very active constituent and correspondent with me as her local MP, I certainly miss her letters, even though they created a great deal of work for me here in this place.
I thank my hon.
Friend for that intervention.
Ann understood the need to keep jobs in local communities.