She was resolute in her desire to fight for better air quality and standards for her constituents.
She was not satisfied when the plant had closed, but fought for the clean-up and the return of greenery and wildlife to that site.
That sums her up.
Ann helped, stood up for and advocated for so many people, particularly individuals detained abroad or who had their human rights violated.
That may have been speaking up for Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe or others detained in a whole series of situations, though I would not want to breach any confidence.
Ann was always on the phone to me about my own constituents who she worked bravely and tenaciously to support.
I am sure that Ann’s advocacy and campaigning touched hundreds and possibly thousands of people, and possibly changed their lives.
They may not ever know that, but she did.
I want to reflect on what a wonderful woman Ann was to spend time with privately.
After she retired from this place I had the pleasure of spending a number of evenings, lunches and chats with Ann at her home.
She would invite me over, and we would talk and gossip about politics and what was going on in here.
We would get into some serious conversations about different issues and campaigns.
She talked from her vast experience, but we also talked about her cats—she had stories about every one of them.
I am a cat lover and, as  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon)  pointed out, Ann had a deep love of animals and had serious compassion for them.
She told stories about their personalities and how they acted.
She was incredibly proud of them.
That showed that human and compassionate side of her character.
I remember stumbling into Ann’s house one evening.
I do not know what had been going on but I had been running from one event to another.
I had not eaten and I was looking a bit pasty.
I walked in and Ann, who was not in the best of health at that stage, got up and said, “Stephen, I’ll make you a chop, I’ll put some vegetables on and make you dinner.”
She cooked dinner for me and made sure I was fed and watered.
That is a testament to the kind of person she was.
Ann was a remarkable woman.
She will be missed  by many, not just for her incredible campaigning internationally, nationally and for her constituents, but for her friendship, companionship, mentorship and inspiration to many of us in this place from different  decades, different political persuasions and different parts of our own Labour movement.
We have heard today some of the stories that show why she meant so much to so many of us.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Cynon Valley (Beth Winter)  on securing the debate.
It is a privilege to celebrate the contributions of her predecessor, the right hon.
Ann Clwyd, the former Member of Parliament for Cynon Valley, who sadly passed away in July, aged 86.
Ann was not just a public servant; she was also a great ambassador, whose dedication to her constituents and commitment to the values of justice and compassion have left a significant positive impact on many people’s lives.
She was born in Flintshire on  21 March 1937  to parents Gwilym and Elizabeth.
Ann was educated at Halkyn Primary School, Holywell Grammar School, the Queen’s School, Chester, and University College Bangor before becoming a student teacher at Hope School in Flintshire.
She moved on to become a BBC studio manager, freelance reporter and producer, and then a journalist for The Guardian and The Observer.
As we have heard, she was a major advocate for the Welsh language.
She campaigned to secure important funding to support it.
In fact, I believe she could only speak Welsh until the age of five.
She always made sure she took the parliamentary oath yn Cymraeg.