It was difficult, because the Indonesian army was supposedly protecting the integrity of the referendum, which was a strange to-do.
Ann, I and the late Alice Mahon were on a delegation, and we visited all the polling stations on behalf of the UN and met many people there.
For some reason that I never really understood, Ann brought an amazing amount of luggage, which filled up the very small plane we went in to get there.
The rest of us all became porters for Ann Clwyd’s luggage—there was a lot of it, and it was very heavy.
When we asked her to explain this, she said, “I don’t think it’s any of your business how many cases I choose to bring, but it’s very much your business that you’ve got to carry them.”
So I said, “Thanks, Ann—that’s great.”
But we played our part in ensuring that the people of East Timor, who had been through hell for decades, actually saw their independence and some hope for the future.
I want to say a huge thank you to Ann for the friendship, for the humour, and for the steel and determination on the human rights cause and all the other causes that colleagues have mentioned.
She was always a good friend to me.
We often did not totally agree on everything, but we totally agreed to respect each other in our disagreement, so we always got along very well indeed.
That is a good example of how politics can work.
I say to all her family: my condolences, and thank you for the life of Ann.
It is a real pleasure to follow the many tributes to Ann, and particularly those from my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cynon Valley (Beth Winter) , who succeeded her in her seat.
It is also a real pleasure to have Ann’s family with us in the Gallery.
I want to give a few personal thoughts about Ann.
I was lucky enough to know her for decades.
I first met her when I was 15 years old as an intern in the Welsh Labour party headquarters, and I remember being bowled  over by her speaking at an event with great power, great passion and that strong sense of radicalism exemplified in so many of the comments we have heard.
As often happens in politics, we can meet people when we are younger and think, “Wow—what an incredible figure”, but do they turn out to be that way when years later we meet them in Parliament or have the privilege of working alongside them in Parliament, as I did with Ann?
When I was able to join Ann in this place, she lived up to every aspect of what I had seen in her when I was a young teenager.
I was Ann’s Whip for a while.
She had obviously had a tumultuous relationship with Whips, and indeed with party leadership over many years, but all I can say is that she was always utterly courteous and pleasant, even when there were difficult issues to be discussed.
It was a real pleasure to work with her.
We have heard about so many different campaigns that Ann was involved in, including Tower, the NHS, Iraq and miners’ compensation, and she really did apply that campaigning zeal, expertise, tenacity, complete dedication and commitment to everything she turned her hand to.
I had the particular pleasure of working with her on the Committees on Arms Export Controls.
Arms exports were obviously a significant issue that she reflected on in many different capacities in her career.
I remember working with her on the Committees—I will not go into too many details, because we are not supposed to reveal certain proceedings— and dealing with a lot of shenanigans, with things making it out into the media and so on.