Her work in that area paved the way for   greater gender representation in politics, and has inspired many young women to pursue careers in public service.
Her legacy in this regard is a testament to her desire for creating a more inclusive and equitable society.
She was made a Privy Counsellor in 2004.
Throughout her career, Ann Clwyd’s ability to connect with people from all walks of life, listen to their concerns and take action on their behalf earned her the respect and admiration of her constituents and colleagues alike —and we have certainly heard plenty of examples of that this evening.
I served in the House alongside Ann between 2015 and 2017, and enjoyed my occasional conversations with her about the NHS and our shared connections in north Wales.
She was personable, passionate and forthright.
I understand that a public service to remember Ann’s life and work will be held at 2 pm on  13 October  at St Elvan’s Church in Aberdare.
I have no doubt that her legacy will continue to inspire many for generations to come.
May I remind the House that this is the final performance of the Clerk of the House?
This is the last time we will see him at the Table, but we wish you well, John, and do enjoy your new role.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What recent assessment she has made of the effectiveness of the contracts for difference scheme in supporting low-carbon electricity generation.
What assessment she has made of the potential implications of the outcome of the contracts for difference allocation round 5 on the future development of floating offshore wind.
I welcome the Secretary of State.
Our contracts for difference scheme is a UK success story, having contracted more than 30 GW of capacity, including 20 GW of offshore wind, since 2014.
AR5 delivered a record number of clean energy projects, enough to power the equivalent of 2 million homes, and the Government’s commitment to offshore wind remains unchanged, which is 50 GW by 2030.
I welcome my right hon.
Friend to her place.
The great advantage of the CfD scheme is that with forward planning it has the flexibility to adapt to changing economic conditions.
Can she therefore confirm that the Government will be working collaboratively and straightaway with industry to ensure a successful round 6 so that offshore wind can get back on track, and UK consumers and the UK economy can benefit from low-cost, low-carbon energy?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his long-standing support in this area and I can confirm that we are wasting no time in engaging the sector in advance of AR6.
I personally spoke to offshore wind stakeholders following AR5 and confirmed our commitment.
The Minister for Energy Security and Net  Zero held a roundtable with the sector on  12 September .
We are listening to the sector and annual auctions mean we can respond quickly.
Question 2 please.
I know that as chair of the all-party group on the Celtic sea my hon.
Friend is a long-standing supporter of offshore wind.
We have announced that AR6 will open in March 2024 and we have published an indicative timetable.
We are supporting research and development in floating wind technology via the floating offshore wind demonstration programme, announcing up to £160 million in capital grant funding.
Can we work to the order, as it is a grouped question?
The question should not be answered in that way.
Selaine Saxby should be asking a direct question.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
I am keen to understand better what more can be done to assist floating offshore wind in AR6 following what happened in AR5.
I know my hon.
Friend is a long-standing supporter of offshore wind.
We have announced that AR6 will open in March 2024 and we have published that timetable.
We are supporting floating wind technology through different programmes and manufacturing investment schemes too.