How will the Minister ensure that they get compensation and get credited by the new company with the amount of money they have lost?
I can assure the hon.
Lady that we are in constant conversations with Ofgem on such matters.
Although this is a matter for Ofgem, I have a regular meeting to make sure that we are on top of this.
Energy from waste requires burning waste and it is therefore not conducive to net zero.
The expansion of the Beddington incinerator in my constituency is not needed to meet local demand, so can my right hon.
Friend assure me that the Environment Agency will take that into account before making a decision on whether or not to license?
The Environment Agency’s recent consultation on varying the environmental permit for the Beddington  energy recovery plant closed on  1 September .
The Environment Agency will carefully consider all relevant responses and issue a final decision in due course.
In the Select Committee inquiry into preparations for this winter, one of the repeated calls that we have heard from expert witnesses is to support the vulnerable and fuel poor with a social tariff.
Will the Minister do that?
Of course we are aware of the challenges that are facing consumers this coming winter, which is why we are keeping the price cap as a safety net.
To give the hon.
Gentleman reassurance, we will be monitoring the situation in case we need to look at this further.
Recent investment in electric vehicle charging and the EV supply chain shows the benefit of the Government setting clear targets so that the private sector has the confidence to invest.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that if we had similar policy consistency across the whole of the economy, we would see greater investment in green growth and in meeting decarbonisation by 2050?
The zero-emission vehicles mandate supports our commitment to end the sale of new petrol and diesel cars and vans.
By setting it many years in advance and giving clear notice to the market, it provides appropriate stimulus to industry in a way that the ultra low emission zone singularly fails to do, as my hon.
Friend will have noted.
The Energy Minister got his facts wrong in his earlier response to  the hon.
Member for Brighton, Pavilion (Caroline Lucas) , so he might want to correct the record.
The Liberal Democrat amendment to the Energy Bill to tackle flaring, venting and leaking of methane was selected for a separate vote.
It would have reduced methane emissions by 72 %.
Why did his Government vote it down?
I stand corrected.
On that issue, we have infrastructure, some of which dates from the 1970s, and we are moving at the maximum possible speed.
It is technologically and economically challenging to make this change, and yet, as I set out earlier, we are already showing significant efforts, and of course we are champions of the methane pledge, which we plan to exceed.
When I am at COP28, I will be urging other countries to follow us in agreeing and supporting that World Bank methane pledge.
The hydrogen industry will, I am sure, welcome the introduction of the hydrogen production business model for green hydrogen, with a further business model planned for next year, but the storage and transportation business model for hydrogen is not due to be finalised until 2025.
For customers of companies such as Luxfer Gas Cylinders of Colwick in my Gedling constituency, this is a potential barrier to some projects moving forward.
Can my right hon.
Friend give come clarity on the sequencing and whether there is scope to bring forward the storage and transportation business model so that the timing is joined up?
My hon.
Friend is right to talk about the challenge of bringing all the pieces together to unlock opportunity.
The Government will promote the whole hydrogen economy—production, demand, networks and storage—and stimulate private sector investment.