I thank my right hon.
Friend for her reply.
Following the commitment in “Powering Up Britain” to provide up to £20 billion of funding for early deployment of CCUS, how does she intend to finance that support?
Does she recognise that CCUS funding needs to be matched by creating a competitive environment for private sector investment, including a carbon border adjustment mechanism to smooth the path to deployment, as recommended by the Commission for Carbon Competitiveness, of which I am a member?
I welcome my hon.
Friend’s work as a member of the Commission for Carbon Competitiveness, and she makes an excellent point.
The £20 billion will be funded through a variety of sources and will be allocated in due course, and early this year the Government  consulted on a range on measures to support decarbonisation, including a carbon border adjustment mechanism.
The Government will provide a response to that consultation in due course.
If the Secretary of State is looking for innovation that will make a real difference to economic growth, will she look at not only carbon capture and storage, but hydrogen?
Many of the same universities and research establishments are looking at hydrogen as the new energiser for transport and so much else in our lives.
Will she put some serious money into both hydrogen and CCS?
I am interested in innovation in all of those areas, because that is what will get us to the ambitious targets we have set out.
I will be looking at hydrogen, carbon capture, and every single other area to see what more we can do.
What plans she has to help tackle methane leaks from oil and gas production.
The Government have ambitious plans to tackle methane emissions from oil and gas production.
With support from Government and key regulators, industry is on track to end routine flaring and venting prior to 2030, in line with the World Bank’s initiative.
While I welcome the Government’s introduction of new oil and gas licences in the North sea as part of a just and graduated transition to more reliance on renewables, the Minister will be aware that methane is a far more warming gas than carbon dioxide.
Given that much more can be done, will the Government look at how they can ensure that flaring, venting and leaks are fixed by the new licence holders as and when they occur and, in the context of the North sea transition plan, ensure that the new Affleck oil field is not allowed to flare until 2037, as set out in the permission granted to it?
This is all part of how we can reach net zero without it costing my constituents the earth.
The North Sea Transition Authority already expects methane emissions to be as low as possible and all new developments to be developed on the basis of zero routine flaring and venting, and that they should be electrified or electrification-ready.
Of course, what is required and will help facilitate that is new investment in the North sea facilitated by licences, without which we are unlikely to see the reduction in emissions that we have so successfully driven so far.
The Minister has not really given any reassurance to  the hon.
Member for Blackpool North and Cleveleys (Paul Maynard) .
As we know, methane is a whopping 80 times more powerful than carbon dioxide over a 20-year period, so if the Minister is serious about tackling this issue, will he explain why the Government failed to use the Energy Bill to ban flaring and venting?
Why did they whip their own MPs to vote against an amendment that would have outlawed it, and given that the practice has been  illegal in Norway since the 1970s, will he finally recognise that this makes a mockery of Ministers’ claims about UK oil and gas being greener?
Unusually, the hon.