Not only does it put at risk thousands of jobs but it makes the industry vulnerable to changes in steel prices, as the UK will have to import it.
The Minister spoke about carbon capture, but can she explain why the Government have not gone for a combination of technologies such as carbon capture, or the retrofitting required for hydrogen-based steel production?
That way, we would not only decarbonise the industry but protect those vital jobs and the industry in the UK for generations to come.
As the Business and Trade Secretary set out, the Government’s deal has provided long-term security for at least 5,000 steel jobs.
The investment will grow UK domestic green steel production.
I gently urge the hon.
Lady to look at her party’s plans for industry, which have been described as impossible and decimating the working classes.
Energy-intensive industries come in many forms.
Can my right hon.
Friend provide any reassurance that the Government will review the classifications of what constitutes an energy-intensive industry?
SB Joinery in my constituency contains a large sawmill and planing facility, but has been deemed ineligible for high levels of the energy bills discount scheme.
Would my right hon.
Friend be prepared to look at that case personally?
I would be delighted to meet my right hon.
Friend and discuss that particular case.
We keep looking at everything we can do to support business, as we have done this entire time.
I call the shadow Minister.
For years people have been calling on the Government to have a proper plan to help our steel industry decarbonise.
Instead, the industry has lurched from crisis to crisis, and now the Government are spending £500 million in a deal that will make thousands of Port Talbot steelworkers redundant.
Is it not the simple truth that jobs and wealth will be lost because there is no comprehensive plan for steel, automotive or any industry that needs to decarbonise?
I refer the hon.
Lady to my previous comments.
The investment will provide long-term security for at least 5,000 steel jobs.
We have had record investment of £4 billion in the auto industry this year.
Again, I urge her to look at her own party’s plans.
Its industry decarbonisation plans are disastrous, and will push jobs and investment out of this country.
If she will take steps to ensure that consumers do not pay for heat network remediation.
What steps she is taking to support heat network customers with energy bills.
What assessment she has made with Cabinet colleagues of the potential merits of introducing a mandatory price cap on heat networks.
The Government are providing millions in support for remedial work through the heat networks efficiency scheme.
We are supporting customers with their bills via the energy bills discount scheme.
Through the Energy Bill we will appoint Ofgem as a heat network regulator, so that customers benefit from fairer prices.
I must declare that I live in a block with a heat network.
Many heat networks will be quite expensive to change under the technical rules proposed by the Government for 2024.
Given many blocks have also had cladding and other pressures on leaseholders, are the Government looking carefully to ensure that customers are not being overlayered with many more charges to remediate networks?
Through the heat network efficiency scheme, the Government are providing £32 million to upgrade existing heat networks and reduce energy costs.
The scheme will upgrade old equipment and help consumers in more than 10,000 houses to reduce their energy use.
We will shortly announce the first awards from the fund.
Residents living in New Mill Quarter in Hackbridge in my constituency have been plagued by a litany of problems since they were connected to the Sutton decentralised energy network, including an inability to change tariffs.
Does my hon.