I agree with the hon.
Lady; I am an enthusiast for more onshore wind where it goes with the grain of communities, and we will continue to pursue that to make sure that we can realise the benefits that come from it.
I call the shadow Minister.
The Minister will know, although he unaccountably did not tell us, that there was precisely no new onshore wind in England in the recent AR5.
The Minister claims that the latest compromised wording, which he alluded to, will lift the ban on onshore wind, but he knows really that that is not so and he knows what the industry has been saying about it and why it will not invest for the future.
The result is no new onshore wind getting built in the medium-term, higher bills for families and less energy security for the country.
Why will his Department not just face down his luddite Back Benchers, introduce fair planning regulations for onshore wind and get the industry restarted across England?
As I have just said, we announced changes as recently as  5 September .
Like the hon.
Gentleman, I look forward to a positive future for onshore wind in England, as well as in the rest of the United Kingdom.
What assessment she has made of the implications for her policies of the report by Sheffield Hallam University entitled “Over-exposed: Uyghur Region Exposure Assessment for Solar Industry Sourcing”, published in August 2023.
The Government are determined to ensure that our energy system is not dependent on forced labour at home or abroad.
The supply chain and innovation sub-group of the solar taskforce is therefore considering this issue as a top priority.
I start by welcoming my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State to her place.
What conversations has my hon.
Friend the Minister had with the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office and the Department for Business and Trade on eradicating forced labour from our supply chains?
Does he agree that we must ban the worst offending companies from our shores?
Will he therefore lead a cross-Government effort to take action on tackling slave labour in our supply chains, just as Germany, America and the EU already have done?
My hon.
Friend knows that this issue is a top priority for the Government and for me.
A range of tools can be used to tackle forced labour in global supply chains.
The Government continue to keep our policy responses under close review, and we are working closely with our partners, including at the United Nations, to hold China to account for its egregious human rights violations in Xinjiang.
We have already taken robust action, introduced new guidance on the risks of doing business in Xinjiang, enhanced export controls and introduced financial penalties under the Modern Slavery Act 2015.
I thank the Minister for that answer.
As chair of the all-party parliamentary group for international freedom of religion or belief, I commend  the hon.
Member for Rutland and Melton (Alicia Kearns)  on raising this matter.
For me, freedom of religious belief in China is paramount and should be a priority for the Government—I think it is.
To make it happen, we need clear legislation in this place and real power from this Government, and we need to be assured that no company that uses forced labour in China can have its products sold in this country.
Again, I seek confirmation from the Minister that that serious strong will is there.
I concur very much with the hon.
Gentleman’s view on this matter.
The Government are determined to ensure that our energy system is not dependent on forced labour.