My hon.
Friend is right to talk about the challenge of bringing all the pieces together to unlock opportunity.
The Government will promote the whole hydrogen economy—production, demand, networks and storage—and stimulate private sector investment.
In August, the Government published the low-carbon hydrogen agreement, setting out the hydrogen production business model’s terms.
We will award contracts for that in quarter 4 of 2023.
My colleagues and I are happy to meet my hon.
Friend to talk about making sure we get this absolutely right so that we maximise its benefits.
Biodiesel producers in my constituency are being undercut by cheap Chinese imports because of the Government’s decision to award them inward processing relief.
This is making it difficult for us to support UK industry, so can we have an explanation for why that decision was made?
I will write to the hon.
Gentleman.
Writing for The Daily Telegraph last year, our now Prime Minister said:
“On my watch, we will not lose swathes of our best farmland to solar farms.”
Yet the industry has not heard that, and vast swathes of farmland in my constituency, totalling 16 square miles, are open to planning, engulfing whole villages and using the best and most versatile land.
Will my right hon.
Friend meet me to discuss how he and the Department can ensure that the Prime Minister keeps his very important promise?
I can assure my hon.
Friend that planning policy and the associated guidance encourage large-scale solar projects to be located on previously developed or lower-value land.
Where greenfield sites or high-grade land are used, developers are required to justify using such land and to design their projects to avoid, mitigate and, where necessary, compensate for any impacts.
I hear my hon.
Friend’s personal testimony, and I will be happy to meet her to discuss this further.
Almost 20% of the housing stock in my constituency dates from before 1919 and is therefore classified as historical.
What plan does the Department have to improve skill levels in retrofitting historical residential buildings?
As I previously mentioned, retrofitting is one of our most important projects.
Of course, skills are a real issue, which is why we are delighted that this will enable us to enhance our skill bases.
I welcome my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State to her new role.
Given the vital role that oil and gas play in managing our energy security as demand continues, albeit declining, and the vital jobs, skills, technologies and expertise in that industry, 90% of which are thought to be immediately transferrable to the renewables sector, does my right hon.
Friend share my disappointment at today’s reports of Humza Yousaf’s vow to end Scotland’s place as the oil and gas capital of Europe?
My hon.
Friend is right.
Last year we were dependent on fossil fuels for 77% of our energy.
If we import more gas from abroad, it will be in the form of liquefied natural gas, which, according to a report from the North Sea Transition Authority two weeks ago, has four times the production emissions of domestic gas.
The Scottish National party, ably supported by the Labour party, wants to threaten 200,000 jobs, £50 billion of tax revenue over the next five years, and the very subsea engineering and technological capability—not to mention the balance sheets—that we need to develop hydrogen, carbon capture, usage and storage, and the rest of the transition.
It is madness, and it is the policy of the SNP.
Yes, we need increased electric arc capacity to reprocess more scrap steel in the UK, but Trostre tinplate packaging works in my constituency needs a grade of steel that can be produced only by the blast furnace process, until green production technologies are developed.
With 23 such projects elsewhere in Europe, will the Secretary of State commit to investing in developing these technologies at Port Talbot, thus reducing emissions and keeping jobs in Port Talbot and Llanelli?