Friend is a long-standing supporter of offshore wind.
We have announced that AR6 will open in March 2024 and we have published that timetable.
We are supporting floating wind technology through different programmes and manufacturing investment schemes too.
I call the Chair of the Energy Security and Net Zero Committee.
We also welcome the Secretary of State to the Dispatch Box.
With many renewable projects built on the strength of contracts for difference, but with reports of many not invoking these contracts and instead benefiting from the higher energy prices, can the contracts in principle be invoked later, when prices fall, or could the Government enforce the invoking of the CfD contracts now, at the start of the generation of these projects, rather than their taking the high prices while they can?
The CfD programme has driven prices down over time to enormous effect, by 70% since they started, which is much more than people expected.
I would be happy to take the hon.
Gentleman’s particular point away but overall this is a successful programme, and our annual auction changes will also make a difference.
Given the unreliable and intermittent nature of both solar and wind-generated energy, we already have more of these projects than the grid can efficiently manage.
Does the Secretary of State agree that what we really need is more reliable baseload capacity and that that can only be delivered via fossil fuels or nuclear?
We have a strong focus on energy security, and that means having a just transition to clean energy but also investing in nuclear.
The hon.
Gentleman may have seen that we have started the capital raise for Sizewell C, and we support the oil and gas industry as a just transition fuel.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
I wish the Clerk of the House well in the future, and I warmly welcome the Secretary of State to her new role and congratulate her on her appointment to the Cabinet.
I look forward to working together.
Let us start with the truth.
The offshore wind auction that she inherited was a totally avoidable disaster.
It means another lost year for our country and another year of higher bills, and it is because Ministers obstinately refused to listen to warning after warning from industry.
RenewableUK estimates that the auction failure will add £2 billion to bills.
What is the Secretary of State’s estimate of the cost to families of this fiasco?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for welcoming me to my place.
I am delighted to serve opposite him and face him at the Dispatch Box.
There are a couple of things I will point out.
If we had tried to do what the right hon.
Gentleman suggested, we would have delayed the 3.7 GW of clean energy that we secured, which is able to power 2 million homes.
If we want to look at what is going to hurt people and their bills, I would point to his disastrous policies, whether it is the ultra low emission zone, which is hitting people who can least afford it, or his borrowing spree, which will raise inflation.
I am afraid the Secretary of State is quite wrong about that, because Ireland adjusted the price and had 3 GW of offshore wind.
Let us talk about the way that this Government are jeopardising our energy security.
They have delivered—[Interruption.]
Order.
Mr Stuart, I know this is the last day before the recess and you are excited to get some freedom, but let’s save it.
This Government have delivered the worst cost of living crisis in a generation.
There is a pattern here: they banned onshore wind and raised bills, they slashed energy efficiency and raised bills, and now they have trashed offshore wind, raising bills.
That is why we are so exposed.
I know that the right hon.