I thank my hon.
Friend for that intervention.
Ann understood the need to keep jobs in local communities.
Tyrone O’Sullivan, leader of the Tower Colliery buy-out, who sadly also passed away earlier this year, spoke at an event for Ann that was organised in March last year by our local Labour women’s branch in Cynon Valley.
Tyrone acknowledged and celebrated Ann’s contribution to the fight for Tower Colliery, and he reminded me, only weeks before his death, of the importance of the working-class struggle for today.
They showed the way to build local economies, building local wealth for local people, not encouraging local people to leave in order to get on in life.
I share that vision and I try to carry on in the same vein with my work on the local economy in Cynon Valley.
Ann fought battles on behalf of miners.
When she became MP, our constituency was in the throes of fighting to keep the mining industry alive.
Next year, we will remember 40 years since the 1984 miners’ strike—the year when Ann became MP for Cynon Valley.
I was, as a child, on the demonstration through the town of Aberdare with Ann.
In her maiden speech in Parliament, Ann said that the miners’ strike was
“a symbolic fight, a fight against the two Britains—the haves and the have nots.
It is a protest on behalf of a lost generation of young men and women who have never been able to find a job in the valleys of South Wales.”
That fight continues.
Public service workers, rail workers and health workers today are fighting against two Britains—the haves and the have nots.
Ann also fought tirelessly for compensation for miners suffering health problems as a result of their work.
As she said in the same speech:
“It is a heartbreaking experience—I wish that Conservative Members could share it—to see a miner gasping for breath even while using an oxygen mask.
Yet, because he has not been diagnosed as suffering from pneumoconiosis, he does not get a penny in compensation.
That is more than wrong, it is cruel and unjust.
”—[Official Report,  7 June 1984 ; Vol.
61, c. 476-77.]
I, like other Members in the Chamber, am currently involved in the ongoing battle for miners’ pension rights and compensation, so again the fight goes on; the thread of history continues.
My hon.
Friend’s intervention is very timely, because I was just coming on to the point that Ann was renowned for her internationalism, from Cambodia to South Africa, to East Timor and Turkey, and of course, her commitment to supporting the Kurdish people.
She was for over 20 years chair of the all-party parliamentary group on human rights, which continues to raise awareness of serious human rights violations throughout the world.
She was also a member of numerous parliamentary Committees, including those on International Development and Foreign Affairs, and she headed the IPU Committee on the Human Rights of Parliamentarians throughout the world.
As my hon.
Friend said, Ann was sacked not once but twice from the shadow Cabinet.
It is a great pleasure to be able to speak about my friend Ann Clwyd, whom I knew extremely well.
I thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cynon Valley (Beth Winter)  for the wonderful way she has put her memories on the record today.
I first knew Ann when she was elected to Parliament along with me in the early ’80s.
We shared an office in the Cloisters downstairs, along with about 25 other MPs.
It was an extremely noisy place, because Ann had a great deal to say.
Lord Campbell-Savours often came along to have an argument with Ann about something, or to tell her what to do, and she told him what to do and so it went on.
Tony Benn was next door, and there were a number of others there, so it was not a quiet place.