I concur very much with the hon.
Gentleman’s view on this matter.
The Government are determined to ensure that our energy system is not dependent on forced labour.
As I said, we are continuing to work with international partners to do what we can to hold China to account for its egregious human rights violations, and to work with the solar industry to see what we can do to weed out forced labour and ensure that it is not part of that supply chain moving forward.
What plans she has to provide funding for the National Grid in the south-west.
Electricity networks’ funding is regulated by Ofgem through the network price control.
In the current price control, National Grid Electricity Transmission will be investing approximately £700 million in the south-west.
Ofgem has allowed £5.7 billion for the distribution network company covering the south-west, £1.2 billion of which is for the south-west region specifically.
May I declare an interest, as one of my brilliant little sisters works in the renewable energy sector?
I want to see more renewable energy schemes get off the ground in the far south-west, but I am being told  that schemes greater than 1 MW have to wait until 2027 at the earliest for a grid connection.
This means that dozens of renewable energy schemes are gathering dust on paper, when they should be generating clean power.
It is wrong and is setting back our net zero ambitions.
What are Ministers doing to speed up grid connections for renewable energy schemes, allowing us to build the already approved clean energy schemes that we need, which will create green jobs, cut carbon and reduce soaring energy bills?
As the Minister for Energy Security and Net Zero, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Beverley and Holderness (Graham Stuart)  suggests from a sedentary position, we are doing lots and lots.
Specifically, the Government are using strategic planning to support investment ahead of the need in the networks, including the south-west.
The first example of that was last year’s holistic network design, which set out a blueprint for connecting new offshore wind projects to the grid by 2030.
An update to the holistic network design follow-up exercise, HND 2, will be published early next year and provide recommendations for the connection of floating offshore wind specifically in the Celtic sea.
For the first time, offshore wind developers participating in the Crown Estate’s leasing round 5 will receive clarity over their grid connection from the electricity system operator at the same time as a secure seabed lease.
I call Clive Lewis.
The Minister may be surprised—[Interruption.]
Indeed, Question 9, Mr Speaker.
What plans she has with Cabinet colleagues to help increase the capacity of local authorities to deliver area-based home retrofit schemes.
To support English local authorities, we fund an embedded technical assistance facility, providing access to experts, training and guidance to enhance their capability to deliver our domestic grant schemes.
Second time lucky.
The Minister may be surprised—[Laughter]—to hear the following words leave my lips, and I know I am: I agree with the former Prime Minister,  the right hon.
Member for South West Norfolk (Elizabeth Truss) , in her claim that low and middle-income households cannot afford to pay for the transition to net zero.
Where we differ is that I do not believe that we should let the planet burn, as she does.
Instead, the wealthy must pay for the green transition.
Will the Minister commit to income and wealth redistribution and finally give households and local authorities the ability to transition successfully?
The Government provide a wide range of funding to support local authorities in reaching net zero through the core settlement, grant funding schemes and UK growth funding.
The Government are enabling local authorities to tackle net zero goals.
One of the biggest challenges that we have in delivering home retrofit schemes in Cumbria is not with local authorities but with industry capacity and skills.