When I looked at the new case, I said that we needed to get technical evidence.
The second thing I said was that we needed to operationalise this.
I knew that this would be difficult.
I did not want to put schools in a position where, if I put out a notice via the media or directly, they would be left with the problem.
I wanted  to stand up caseworkers.
I wanted to stand up portacabins.
I wanted to speak to utility companies to make sure that everything would be in place so that we could minimise the length of time that it took to put up those portacabins.
I wanted to put more structural engineering companies in place, because I knew that we would do more surveys.
I also wanted to make sure that we had a nationwide propping company, so that we could put the largely horizontal structural solutions in place to fix everything.
When we have to make a major decision, there is no point creating more issues than we need to.
We need to operationalise that decision, which is what I decided to do.
The time from the last case to the announcement was one week.
That is probably one of the quickest decisions that most people have made in this House and we operationalised it, all while I was still working, as I always do.
I call the Chair of the Education Committee.
I am grateful to the Minister with responsibility for the schools system and the permanent secretary for spending two hours this morning with the Education Committee on this issue.
They were able to provide a number of useful answers, including on the provision of temporary classrooms.
I have to say that I was very disappointed last night to receive what was a non-answer on that question about temporary classrooms, which had already been asked at the Public Accounts Committee.
I am glad that Baroness Barran was able to go further with the Select Committee today.
The information that she provided us with was that there were seven cases from before the summer requiring temporary buildings.
The Department is now aware of 29 schools that will require some form of temporary accommodation.
Eleven have that temporary accommodation in place.
As of Friday, there is the potential for as many as 180 single classrooms and 68 double classrooms to be needed as temporary accommodation.
I urge the Secretary of State to ensure that those are provided as swiftly as possible and that schools and responsible bodies have certainty about when those will be in place, so that we absolutely do what she said—to minimise disruption of children’s education.
A key concern of the Select Committee is children not in school, and anything that can be done to minimise that disruption, to create greater certainty for the teachers and the leaders who have done such an amazing job of responding to this, will certainly be welcome.
I thank my hon.
Friend, the Chair of the Education Committee.
I apologise about the written answer the previous night; we had more recent information at the Education Committee.
The cases are always being assessed and the numbers are always being updated, which is why we choose a date to publish the latest information.
The numbers are moving very quickly.
He is absolutely right: 11 RAAC schools already have temporary buildings that are installed or in use.
There is a further 28 sites, I think, that have made inquiries and requested potential orders.
As he rightly said, there are 180 single classrooms, 68 double classrooms, plus a mixture of toilet provision.
On the portacabins, I would just like to say that I have been to a number of these schools and met the children.
At the first school I visited, the children were all petitioning me to stay in the portacabins, because they actually preferred them to the classroom.
The portacabins are very high quality—[Interruption.]
That is true.