However, no siting decisions have been made so far.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Since my appointment a fortnight ago, the Energy Bill—which will deliver cheaper, cleaner, more secure energy—was given a Third Reading in this House.
We have funded a record 95 renewable energy projects, and I have visited our pioneering Culham Centre for Fusion Energy.
I have also launched the £1 billion Great British insulation scheme.
We have bolstered our energy collaborations with Ireland and Japan, we have made our biggest ever climate finance pledge, and just yesterday we invited partners to invest in Sizewell C, a major component of our nuclear revival.
I welcome my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State to her new role.
She will be aware that the huge increase in offshore wind farms in the east of England has led to an unwelcome proposal from National Grid to put 100 miles of pylons across the area.
We do not want that.
We need an offshore solution.
Will my right hon.
Friend meet Members from the east of England to discuss this proposal?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for raising this issue today.
I understand that concerns have been raised by local communities about the National Grid electricity transmission plans for network reinforcement between Norwich and Tilbury.
The Minister for Nuclear and Networks, my hon.
Friend  the Member for West Aberdeenshire and Kincardine (Andrew Bowie) , has visited the area and will continue to engage with colleagues, but I am also happy to meet local MPs to discuss the matter further.
I call the shadow Minister.
According to analysis by the Resolution Foundation, more than a third of British households face higher bills from the end of this month because of higher standing charges and the demise of the energy bills support scheme, and the people who use the least energy, and those in the poorest households, are disproportionately worse off.
At the same time, the windfall tax has massive loopholes costing billions.
Would not closing those loopholes and extending more help to people during the cost of living crisis be the right thing to do?
The hon.
Gentleman will be aware that the Government are raising a 75% energy profits levy, and he will also be aware that standing charges are a matter for Ofgem.
Let me reiterate, however, that we are mindful of the cost of living crisis and have been providing support with the warm home discount, the £900 cost of living payment, and a raft of other measures to support people through this crisis.
The launch last week of the Great British insulation scheme was very welcome.
So as to build on this and to kickstart a mass retrofitting revolution, will my hon.
Friend liaise with the Treasury to obtain its support for the introduction of such fiscal measures as an energy-saving stamp duty and an employee benefits scheme similar to the cycle to work scheme?
The Government set the aspiration in the clean growth strategy of upgrading as many homes as possible to energy performance certificate band C by 2035, where practical, cost-effective and affordable.
We remain committed to that aspiration.
Although tax policy sits with the Treasury, we are considering how to improve energy efficiency for owner-occupied homes and plan to consult by the end of 2023.
Energy companies have accumulated hundreds of pounds, if not over £1,000, in consumer credit.
When those companies go into administration, the company taking over does not honour that credit and people often with very little means have lost hundreds or thousands of pounds.
How will the Minister ensure that they get compensation and get credited by the new company with the amount of money they have lost?
I can assure the hon.
Lady that we are in constant conversations with Ofgem on such matters.