Today, the Levelling Up, Housing and Communities Committee has published a special report on the response times of the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities to the Committee’s reports.
I thank the Backbench Business Committee for kindly granting time to our Committee for a statement on the special report, and I thank the Committee staff for their support to assist us in producing it.
The House has appointed our Committee to scrutinise the Department.
The issues that our Committee considers affect the day-to-day lives of constituents up and down the country.
During this Session, we have published reports on topics such as adult social care, housing supply and funding for levelling up.
We have also investigated damp and mould, and reforms to the private rented sector—two issues that are raised on a daily basis in correspondence to the Committee and in our mailbags as constituency MPs.
We have heard evidence from hundreds of witnesses, who have given up their time to share their experiences—in some cases, harrowing and deeply personal experiences—to inform the Committee’s work.
They do so in the expectation that our reports and recommendations will influence Government policy and improve people’s experience of public services.
For our scrutiny of Government policy to be fully effective, the Government must consider and respond to our conclusions and recommendations.
Sometimes the Government will accept our recommendations and sometimes they will not.
What is important is that we receive a response from the Government.
Their responses demonstrate that they have considered the views of the Committee and allow the public to see what the Government are doing in response to our inquiries.
It is a well-established convention that the Government should respond to all Select Committee reports within two months of publication.
We understand that that will not always be possible, perhaps during a parliamentary recess or where recommendations are directed to more than one Department.
However, delays should be the exception not the rule, and we expect open and proactive communication from Ministers and officials on the rare occasions when they expect a Government response to be delayed.
The experience of our Committee is that the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities has historically and consistently failed to respond to our Committee reports within a reasonable time.
During this Session, we have published seven reports and not one of the Government’s responses has been published within the two-month deadline.
On average, Government responses to our reports have been almost six months late.
The responses to our reports on funding for Levelling Up, on the Electoral Commission’s strategy and on exempt accommodation were all late.
The response to our report on adult social care was eight months late; The response to our report on social housing was 10 months late.
The response to our report on permitted development rights was one year and eight months late.
We are still waiting on overdue responses to our reports on reforms to national planning policy and on reforming the private rented sector.
Our Committee staff spend a disproportionate amount of their time, resources and energy attempting to engage with Ministers and officials, through formal and informal channels, to get responses.
Over the years, as Chair of the Committee, I have seen responses being late, but things have got progressively worse.
In March 2022, the Chair of the Liaison Committee wrote to the then Leader of the House to highlight cases of “egregiously overdue” Government responses.
The Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities was identified as a repeat offender when it came to late responses, and was responsible for five of the 13 examples in that letter.
In January this year, we asked the permanent secretary about his Department’s failure to respond.
He said:
“We need to make sure that it is an important responsibility of the Department that we respond on time.”
We have seen little evidence that the Department has taken this responsibility more seriously.