She campaigned to secure important funding to support it.
In fact, I believe she could only speak Welsh until the age of five.
She always made sure she took the parliamentary oath yn Cymraeg.
In 1963, Ann married Owen Roberts, a television director and producer.
Ann’s journey in politics spans several decades, during which she consistently demonstrated her resilience, integrity and genuine concern for the wellbeing of her constituents.
Having joined the Labour party in 1968, she first stood for Parliament in 1970 in my part of the world, the old constituency of Denbigh.
She then contested Gloucester in 1974 before being elected as a Member of the European Parliament for Mid and West Wales from 1979-84.
While putting together these words, I realised that she would have served alongside my relative Beata Brookes, the former MEP for North Wales.
Then, in a by-election in May 1984, she became the Member of Parliament for the Cynon Valley, becoming, as we have heard, the first female MP to a hold a seat in the south Wales valleys.
That was a seat she held until she stood down in 2019.
In total, she served 35 years in this place and is therefore Wales’s longest-serving female MP to date.
She was also, I believe, the oldest woman to have sat in the House of Commons.
Between 1987 and 1995, Ann was Opposition Front Bench spokesperson for women, education, overseas development and co-operation, Wales, national heritage, employment and foreign affairs.
During that period, she was, as we have heard, sacked on two occasions for choosing not to toe the party line, an indication that she was independently minded and not afraid to put her principles above all else.
Indeed, her autobiography was entitled, “Rebel With a Cause”.
One of the most commendable aspects of Ann Clwyd’s political career was her relentless pursuit of social justice.
She championed human rights, advocating for those who often have no voice.
Her work as the shadow Secretary of State for International Development and her role as the chair of the all-party parliamentary  human rights group demonstrate her dedication to improving the lives of people in both her constituency and around the world.
In 1994, she staged a 27-day sit-in at Tower colliery, near Hirwaun, in protest at British Coal’s decision to close the last deep pit in Wales.
The miners, of course, pooled their redundancy money to take it over and it went on to produce coal until 2008.
In 2003, the then Government moved to amend the existing law on female circumcision—the Prohibition of Female Circumcision Act 1985—after a private Member’s Bill was introduced by Ann.
The Female Genital Mutilation Act 2003 increased the maximum penalty from five to 14 years in jail.
Ann consistently campaigned for healthcare reform, and for better resourcing of the NHS.
She worked to improve patient care, fighting for better working conditions for NHS professionals and increased transparency in the healthcare system.
She was appointed by the then Prime Minister David Cameron to lead a review on complaint procedures in the NHS following the death of her own husband, Owen Roberts.
While leading that review, she raised some difficult but honest concerns about healthcare in Wales.
Her role as chair of the all-party parliamentary group on dementia helped to ensure that those affected by that devastating condition receive the support and care that they deserve.
Ann Clwyd was not just a leader in her own right; she was also a strong supporter of women’s rights and gender equality.
Her work in that area paved the way for   greater gender representation in politics, and has inspired many young women to pursue careers in public service.
Her legacy in this regard is a testament to her desire for creating a more inclusive and equitable society.
She was made a Privy Counsellor in 2004.