Thank you for granting this urgent question, Mr Speaker.
Before I go any further, let me emphasise that the safety of children should rightly be the priority of every Member of this House.
However, the question today is not simply about whether that should be our priority, but about the colossal shambles of a Secretary of State who, as we learned from the Education Committee this  morning, did not merely sit on new advice about the safety of school buildings, which she received on  21 August , but did nothing for four days.
And then she acted decisively—she went on holiday for the best part of a week.
Some 10 days passed from the day she received the crucial advice to the day the headteachers were told to close their schools, causing chaos for parents.
Just a fortnight ago, the Secretary of State’s response to questions about the management of the Department’s own building was simple and proud, the motto she has made her own:
“nothing to do with me”.
She had done a “good job”, while others had been sat on their backsides.
Does the Secretary of State still think that is good enough?
More simply, even under this Prime Minister, weak as he is, and this Government, how on earth did she think she could get away with going on holiday rather than taking any form of action at all?
Will she at last take responsibility for 13 years of failure, three weeks of chaos and the years stretching ahead of the children who are sitting under steel girders?
When will all our children be back in their own schools and classrooms?
Parents, families, staff and, above all, our children deserve answers, and they deserve better from this Government and better than this Secretary of State.
I thank the hon.
Lady for her questions.
As soon as we had information, we took a decision in every case.
When we first saw the incident in 2018, we took a decision and we put out new guidance and warnings.
We put out new guidance in 2021-22.
We started surveys directly in 2022, when the previous Secretary of State started to get more concerned about RAAC in our school estate.
We then sent in surveyors directly, because the responsible bodies were not moving quickly enough.
Let me turn now to the initial advice.
Three new cases emerged over the summer, and some were subject to advice, as the hon.
Lady says, which came on  21 August .
I instructed those involved to get more technical information.
The last case is really what tipped us into making a decision.
It was a very difficult decision—I am not sure the hon.
Lady would have made it because Labour do not tend to make these difficult decisions, and the Labour Government in Wales have still not done so—because of the impact on children and because of the impact on our school leaders and teachers.
The last case, which was in another school setting in England, took place on  24 August .
We went to investigate that to see what had happened.
On my own decision, I went abroad because that was the first time that I could go abroad.
I went abroad for my father’s birthday, knowing that I would still be chairing the meetings, which I did on Saturday, Sunday and Monday, and then I made the decision—as we had now made a decision— to come back from holiday immediately.
My return was delayed by one day because of the air traffic control incident, so I got back to announce the decision on Thursday.
When I looked at the new case, I said that we needed to get technical evidence.
The second thing I said was that we needed to operationalise this.
I knew that this would be difficult.