We are also rolling out more childcare, including new nurseries at primary schools, and my right hon.
Friend the Business and Trade Secretary will today make a statement announcing the launch of a review of parental leave, which could benefit all working parents, but particularly mums.
Does the Chancellor accept that cancer is a major driver of poverty?
That is not only because people who are ill cannot work during their treatment, but because sometimes people who are happily cured find that they have collateral damage that means they cannot work at a full level throughout the rest of their life.
Does she recognise that radiotherapy plays a huge part in making sure that people are cured and then able to be productive in society?
Given that the international average for people with cancer having radiotherapy is 53%, while in the UK it is only 36%, will she look at the economic advantages of investing in radiotherapy?
In the spending review, we invested an additional £29 billion every year for day-to-day spending in the national health service, as well as a record uplift in capital spending in the NHS so that there is more money for the equipment to do that vital work, including in cancer treatments, which the hon.
Gentleman mentioned.
In our first year in office we have delivered 4 million additional appointments in the NHS and reduced waiting lists by 250,000.
That is only possible because of the decisions we took in the Budget last year—those included increasing taxes on non-doms, as well as the increase in national insurance contributions—which have gone into funding our national health service.
St Helens is ranked as the 26th most deprived area nationally, and that poverty has an impact on health and sickness from pre-birth to old age.
As a country, we spend more on crisis intervention and less on early intervention after 14 years of the Tories.
Will the Chancellor please assure me and people in St Helens North that this Government will do all they can to properly fund councils and health services to help more people live longer, healthier lives?
That is a really important point.
Our Prime Minister is absolutely committed to early intervention to stop the costs of crisis emerging later on.
Later this week, on the anniversary of Labour’s creation of the health service, my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care will publish the 10-year health plan, which will focus on ensuring that young people especially, and particularly those in some of our most deprived communities, are not let down and have a healthy start in life.
Across the whole of Government, we are determined to achieve that.
Today’s disastrous welfare debacle was all down to the Chancellor’s obsessive pursuit to stick to the grotesque Tory fiscal rules.
Yet 150,000 people could still be saved from poverty if all the Scottish Labour MPs joined those prepared to vote down the Universal Credit and Personal  Independence Payment Bill.
Does she agree that if Scottish Labour MPs go through the lobby to support the Bill, they would be as well not bothering standing again?
This Government changed the fiscal rules at the Budget last year with a stability rule, so that for the first time we pay for day-to-day spending through tax receipts, and an investment rule, which enables us to invest in the things that will help grow the economy, such as energy infrastructure, defence spending and transport and digital infrastructure.
As a result, in the Budget and then in this year’s spring statement, we unlocked £300 billion more to spend during the course of this Parliament, including the record settlement for the Scottish Government.
It is now up to the Scottish Government to spend that money wisely and to try to reduce waiting lists in Scotland, as we have done in England and, indeed, in Wales.
I call the shadow Minister.