However, years later, millions of parents are still being denied the choice to spend more time at home, with around a quarter of fathers ineligible for paternity pay.
As we welcome this review into parental leave, I urge the Government to look more broadly into the prevalent inequality in caring responsibilities.
What steps are they taking to support the millions of family carers who are looking after disabled or elderly relatives and who have no paid leave at all?
Will they commit to a similar review into provision for unpaid carers and to make carer’s leave paid?
Will they commit to reviewing the needs of carers and those of the families who have taken on kinship caring responsibilities?
I welcome that commitment in the statement today, but do the Government plan to introduce statutory kinship care leave?
We call on the Government to use the review to finally deliver meaningful reforms that address the long-standing concerns of carers and their loved ones, as well as making changes to the circumstances of working families that can make parenting a joy rather than a burden, and end the dilemma of having to choose between work and family.
I welcome the Liberal Democrats’ support for this review.
The hon.
Lady is right to point out that it was the coalition Government who introduced shared parental leave, although that is the first time in a long time that we have heard anyone admit that they were part of the coalition Government.
She raised some very important points, a number of which will be covered by the carer’s leave review, which is also taking place.
Kinship caring will be a part of that.
I know that the Liberal Democrats have a long-standing policy on carer’s leave and pay, and the review will be cognisant of that.
As I welcome the Minister’s announcement, I think of the HGV driver who I met recently who said that he was not able to take time off to be with his partner and their  newborn baby.
Will the Minister assure me and all my constituents that the new rights will work for working-class people as well as people on higher incomes in professional jobs?
Does he agree that today’s announcement, along with our announcements on free school meals, childcare and housing, make it clear that the Labour party is the party of the family?
One of the real achievements of the last Labour Government was to recognise that giving children the best start in life is fundamental to rebuilding our society, and that is at the heart of what we have proposed today.
My hon.
Friend raises an important point that these entitlements have an element of income inequality to them, which we will bear in mind.
One message we heard very clearly is that many fathers would like to take more paternity leave but simply cannot afford to do so, and we will be looking at that as part of the review.
Having a child is a personal choice, and it is a blessing that I have enjoyed five times.
Becoming old, sick or disabled are not personal choices, yet we have had cuts to the winter fuel allowance and we are about to discuss a controversial Bill that would remove a large element of the support that we currently give to sick and disabled people.
What does that say about the Government’s priorities?
The right hon.
Member will know that the winter fuel allowance has been restored for many people in this country, and the Chancellor has given a clear commitment that any existing PIP claimants will not be affected by the measures in the Bill.
As part of the review by Sir Charlie Mayfield, we are looking in the round at how we ensure that people are able to be supported to stay in work, and I hope that the Conservatives would support that.
I warmly welcome the Minister’s statement.