Focusing on the latter, as a fellow south-west MP, what assessment has the Minister made of the Dorset clean energy super cluster’s potential for growth, jobs and bringing people’s bills down, not just in Bournemouth West but across the region?
I thank my hon.
Friend for championing the Dorset clean energy super cluster opportunity, which was announced by her council at the UK’s Real Estate Investment and Infrastructure Forum only recently.
Offshore wind, hydrogen, nuclear, and carbon capture and storage are frontier technologies and industries that are at the heart of our clean energy sector plan, and they will create opportunities in every part of the country, including in the south-west.
The infrastructure plan reiterated the Government’s support for a third runway at Heathrow, a project that the Chancellor has repeatedly stated will be privately funded.
However, given the vast amount of rail and road infrastructure that will be needed to support a bigger Heathrow, as well as the huge risk a private company would take on, which it would want underwritten by Government, could the Chief Secretary to the Treasury outline to the House how much taxpayer cash has been earmarked as needed to enable a bigger Heathrow?
The hon.
Lady will know that we are waiting to receive detailed proposals from Heathrow for the development of the third runway.
The Government will consider those proposals in due course and make further announcements when decisions have been taken.
What steps her Department is taking to help tackle tax evasion by high street businesses.
What steps she plans to take to close loopholes in the tax system.
The year before we came to power, the tax gap stood at £47 billion.
That is unacceptable, which is why we announced the most ambitious-ever package of tax gap measures in the Budget, and went even further in the spring statement.
We are now forecast to raise £7.5 billion from the tax gap in 2029-30, including by recruiting 5,500 more compliance officers, investing in better technology and closing loopholes.
We will bring forward further measures to close the tax gap in the autumn Budget.
As the Minister is no doubt aware, an increasingly common issue on our high streets is phoenixing.
That is where a shop unit continues to trade while cycling through multiple limited companies every few months, none of which pays corporation tax, VAT or business rates.
Can the Minister encourage officials at His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs to walk along Whitehall, just a few hundred metres from this Chamber, and take a look at whether the series of Harry Potter-themed gift shops across London—which have been accused by “London Centric” of doing exactly that—are playing by the rules?
Will they ensure that tax enforcement supports legitimate small businesses on our high streets?
My hon.
Friend is a powerful campaigner and advocate for tackling those who do not play by the rules.
While I am unable to comment on individual taxpayer affairs because of my position, I very much recognise the issue.
We are determined to tackle this problem, and HMRC is working across Government on enforcement action, including work with Companies House and the Insolvency Service to tackle phoenixism.
Does the Minister agree that instead of handing £500 million of taxpayers’ money to those who are entitled to small business rate relief, which is what has happened in Cornwall over the past 10 years, it would be far better to invest that money in desperately needed first homes for local families in desperate housing need, rather than give it to second home owners?
Would he be prepared to meet me, so that we can establish a better method of achieving housing justice through tax policy?
I am happy to hear from the hon.
Gentleman about how he will support our home-building plans in his constituency and across the country.