Would he be prepared to meet me, so that we can establish a better method of achieving housing justice through tax policy?
I am happy to hear from the hon.
Gentleman about how he will support our home-building plans in his constituency and across the country.
We know that the most important thing to tackle the housing crisis is to support the reforms that this Government are making to the planning system to make sure we can build 1.5 million new homes and invest £39 billion in our 10-year affordable homes programme—the biggest in a generation.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
The Government are delivering on the priorities of the British people.
Yesterday, the Office for National Statistics confirmed that the UK was the fastest-growing G7 nation in the first quarter of this year.
Since the election, this Labour Government have brought £120 billion of private investment into our economy.
There have been four interest rate cuts, lowering the cost of mortgages, and 384,000 new jobs—more than 1,000 jobs a day—since this Government were elected.
Real wages increased more in the first 10 months of this Labour Government than they did in the first 10 years of the last Conservative Government, and we have a £1,400 pay rise for a full-time worker on the national living wage.
That is the difference that this Government are making after 14 years of mismanagement by the Conservatives.
The award-winning bookshop and deli Mainstreet Trading Company in St Boswells has been forced to reduce its operating hours because
“increases to employer national insurance mean that our operating cost base has increased significantly.”
What advice does the Chancellor have for small businesses suffering because of this Labour Government’s reckless decisions?
This Government increased the employment allowance from £5,000 to £10,500, and that means 865,000 employers will pay no national insurance at all.
Indeed, half of employers will either gain or see no change.
It was also welcome that the Lloyds business barometer showed business confidence at a nine-year high, with a particular uptick in retail.
I cannot comment on an individual business, but that is the system nationwide.
This is topicals; we have got to get going.
Brian Leishman will set a good example.
I want to ask about the £200 million national wealth fund commitment for Project Willow.
How will it be accessed?
What is the minimum and maximum amount that can be accessed by an applicant?
If it is exclusively for businesses, will it be based on being positioned within the existing footprint of the Grangemouth site that is owned or operated by Petroineos or INEOS?
There is £200 million available, and the Government will look at all proposals for investing it.
I call the shadow Chancellor.
The winter fuel payment U-turn will cost £1.25 billion, and the welfare reform U-turn will cost £2.5 billion, all adding to Labour’s unfunded black hole.
This is from a Chancellor who said that she would never make a spending commitment without explaining where the money was  coming from—yet another U-turn.
The Chancellor has also said that her fiscal rules are iron-clad and non-negotiable.
Can she reconfirm that commitment now, or are we heading for yet another U-turn?
I would take that a bit more seriously if the Conservatives were not voting against the welfare reforms this evening, and if they had not committed to fully reversing the winter fuel changes, which would cost a further £400 million that they cannot explain.
I am always grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman for his questions, because he always offers a useful lesson in what not to do.
Even George Osborne now says that the shadow Chancellor has “no credible economic plan”.
I will give the shadow Chancellor this: he knows a thing or two about welfare spending, because under his watch, the UK became the only country in the G7 with an unemployment rate stuck below pre-pandemic levels.