Following the Pensions Minister’s response to me about pensioner living standards, what specific measures announced in the Government’s pensions reforms will support pre-1997 defined benefit pensioners, who currently receive a minimal or no annual uplift?
The hon.
Lady is right to highlight the question of pensioners’ living standards, and we are taking action right the way across the board to deal with that.
She will have seen the increases in the state pension in April.
We have seen nearly 60,000 extra awards for pension credit over the course of the year since last July, compared with the year previously.
On her question about pre-1997 indexation, this issue was recently discussed at the Work and Pensions Committee, and we have set out our response to that Committee’s report.
Backing Rolls-Royce, a brilliant Derby business, to deliver small modular reactors with £2.5 billion of investment shows what Labour’s new industrial strategy is about—backing British business, creating more skilled jobs and delivering clean, secure energy.
Does the Chancellor agree that, after years of chaos under the Conservatives, Britain is unashamedly open for business?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that question.
We are proud as a Government to back Rolls-Royce, and to have it as our preferred provider for the small modular reactor programme, resulting in lower bills and more good jobs, particularly in Derbyshire.
From responses to my written parliamentary questions, we know that the median earner can expect to pay £273 more in tax this year under Labour.
When the Chancellor sat on the Opposition Benches, she described freezing tax thresholds as “picking the pockets” of working people.
Does the Chancellor accept that she is now the one picking the pockets of working people?
In the Budget last year, we increased taxes by £40 billion, but without affecting the pay packets of ordinary working people.
We did not increase their national insurance, their income tax or their VAT, and we did not go ahead with the wrong-headed increase in fuel duty that was put in place by the Conservative party.
We are protecting working people; the Conservative party picked their pockets time and again.
Ports are engines for economic growth in sectors such as energy and critical minerals.
Falmouth port, in the constituency neighbouring mine, is surrounded by massive tin and lithium deposits, and it has ambitious plans to play its part.
In line with our manifesto commitment for a £1.5 billion ports fund, will the Chancellor outline what mechanisms the National Wealth Fund and GB Energy can deploy to invest in ports?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that question.
He will know that this Government have already invested through the National Wealth Fund in the tin mine in his constituency, bringing good-quality jobs paying decent wages to the people of Cornwall, as advocated by Cornish MPs.
However, there is more we can do through the National Wealth Fund, including investing in our ports, which is absolutely vital for clean, cheap energy and for creating good jobs in this country, including in Cornwall.
A recent freedom of information request has revealed that, for a number of schemes, HMRC has settled with large  corporations for just 15% of what was owed.
With the loan charge review ongoing, does the Chancellor agree with me that individuals should be treated no differently from the large corporations for which this precedent has been set?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question; he has engaged with me about the loan charge previously.
As he knows, there is an independent review of the loan charge at the moment, and I think it is important that I as a Minister do not comment on that.
Let the independent reviewer complete his work and report back to us as a Government.
The loan charge scandal was absolutely awful and has devastated the lives of tens of thousands of people.
It failed to be addressed under the last Government.