We expect it to run for a period of 18 months.
The Government will conclude the review with a set of findings and a road map, including next steps for taking any potential reforms forward to implementation.
This is an important step forward to ensure that our workplaces are fit for the 21st century, and I commend this statement to the House.
I call the shadow Minister.
I thank the Minister for advance sight of his statement.
From personal experience—as a father of three—I understand the importance of fathers being able to spend time at home with their newborns and supporting mothers in those early days.
Having experienced paternity leave both as a Member of Parliament in 2020 and 2021 as well as in very different circumstances in 2016 while self-employed, I am proud that the UK already offers some of the most generous maternity and paternity rights, but of course there is always room for improvement.
The Conservatives introduced shared parental leave, allowing new parents to spend precious time caring for their newborns.
It is therefore with interest that we digest the contents of this ministerial statement today, but I do have deep reservations about both its substance and its timing.
I understand that the Government pledged that this review would be done and dusted within a year—another broken promise—but it is curious that they have chosen today of all days to launch it.
I am in no doubt that today’s statement has been rushed into the Minister’s hands to deflect from what I suspect will be a difficult day of parliamentary business for the Government.
That much is clear, as the Secretary of State was entirely incapable of confirming the current rates of statutory paternity pay on LBC this morning.
I welcome the fact that he apologised to Nick Ferrari in admitting that he really should know—perhaps the Minister can set the record straight for his boss today.
I wish to take this opportunity to make it crystal clear that Conservatives are not opposed to increased parental leave, as long as it is proportionate, affordable and does not increase unemployment.
Therein lies the problem, because this Government have left themselves no breathing room.
Their political choices have imposed the most significant headwinds on business in a generation.
Those choices have driven unemployment up by 173,000 since July last year.
Businesses across the land are contending with taxes on jobs that Labour promised would never come, and now they are staring down the barrel of 300 pages of closely typed, union-led, red tape in the unemployment Bill, which will upset a carefully balanced and fair relationship between employees and employers that has spanned decades.
Even Tony Blair and Gordon Brown refused to open that box.
No real business supports that Bill.
The five biggest business groups have warned against it.
It will make hiring tougher, and force employers to take fewer risks on new starters, disproportionately pushing young mothers out of the workforce.
Flexible working will be almost entirely eviscerated from Britain’s job market.
The reasonable measures from which employers and employees have benefited for years have allowed businesses to take a chance on new hires.
We already know that businesses across the UK have had no choice but to cut jobs, reduce hours or put hiring on pause because of the Chancellor’s toxic treatment of enterprise.
If it is helpful, I can spell this out for the benefit of those on the Government Front Bench.
It really is quite straightforward: it is not possible to benefit from employment rights if people do not have a job in the first place.
With that in mind, it deeply concerns me that the Minister’s statement made only a passing mention of the impact on businesses.
That comes as no surprise as not one person around the Cabinet table has any real business experience.