The Barnett formula has stood the test of time because it is simple and efficient, and it provides a clear and certain outcome.
It is a key part of the arrangements for pooling and sharing risks and resources across the United Kingdom.
We know that if the Government today pass their disgraceful, discriminatory and, some say, illegal cuts to disability support, that will almost certainly lead to a reduction in the Scottish budget as a result of the Barnett formula.
That is a deliberate choice that Scottish Labour MPs will be making if they support these cuts, and for which they must answer to their constituents.
Will the Chancellor or the Minister tell them, this House and, indeed, the nation exactly how many millions of pounds they will voting to take out of the pockets of disabled and vulnerable people in Scotland, many of whom voted for Labour almost a year ago?
One thing I can tell the Scottish people, and indeed the House, is that it is this Labour Government who have given the largest real-terms increase in spending to the Scottish Government since devolution began—billions and billions of pounds of extra money is going to the Scottish National party Government in Holyrood.
On devolved matters, it is for the SNP Government to be accountable for the delivery of public services to people in Scotland, where they are failing on everything from the NHS to welfare and the economy.
In the recent spending review, the Chancellor outlined plans for a multimillion-pound investment in essential building works at Budmouth academy in Weymouth.
We welcome that new investment in local schools in our town, and it will enable Budmouth academy finally to upgrade its school buildings.
Looking ahead, will the Chancellor work with me to speedily deliver the new investment and ensure that Budmouth academy gets a richly deserved upgrade as soon as possible?
Unfortunately, I cannot see the relevance of the question.
I call Bobby Dean.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of the data her Department holds on high net worth individuals.
His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs uses a range of data sources to monitor the wealthy population.
International exchanges of information, including the common reporting standard and US Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act data, offer opportunities to develop deeper insight into the international financial affairs of some of the UK’s wealthiest taxpayers.
The Minister will no doubt be aware of reports of the so-called exodus of millionaires.
Those reports are from “high profile individuals” and city spokespeople, but there are rarely hard numbers behind them.
Are Treasury Ministers able to verify the Tax Justice Network’s research that says that just 0.3% of millionaires have exited the UK and that that number has remained low and stable over the past decade, and will they publish their own figures as well?
When considering fiscal measures or financial changes, the figures that matter are those provided by the Office for Budget Responsibility.
The OBR has certified that the non-dom reforms that the Government have implemented will raise £33.8 billion in total revenue, and that figure accounts for some non-doms who are ineligible for the new regime choosing to leave the UK.
Public investment makes us all more prosperous, but clearly that public investment, in our roads, rail and energy infrastructure, needs to be paid for.
Will the Minister set out how we are funding that public investment by taxing the very richest people in this country?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely correct that our changes to the non-dom reporting regime are essential to raise billions of pounds to support the public finances and get our public services back on their feet.
I contrast that with some of the proposals set out by opposition parties.
Indeed, Reform UK’s plans are for a tax cut for foreign billionaires.
I call the shadow Minister.