She worked for most of her life until ill health made it impossible.
Under the reforms, she will lose her entitlement to personal independence payment and employment and support allowance, plunging her into poverty.
Can the Chancellor give Jackie the reassurance she needs that she will not be left in poverty?
Yes, I can absolutely give my assurance to Jackie, and to other people who are currently claiming PIP, that they will see absolutely no change in their entitlement.
That is what my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions announced to the Chamber yesterday: everybody who is currently on those benefits will see no change whatever.
The Timms review, which will be co-produced with disabled people and those who represent them, will build a new system for the future.
Does the Minister agree that we are driving growth across every part of the country with investments at the spending review, including £15.6 billion for transport projects in city regions and additional support that I saw myself in Warwickshire with the launch of an electric bus fleet, including buses built at Alexander Dennis in this country; and that this shows a Government who are investing in the future prosperity of our country?
It was great to be with my hon.
Friend in Warwickshire just a couple of weeks ago to welcome some of the investment, through our industrial strategy and our spending review, which will turbocharge the British economy, creating more good jobs and paying decent wages in all parts of the country, including in Warwickshire.
Last week, ahead of the launch of its ethnicity code, the Lending Standards Board announced it would be closing, following the withdrawal of support from major high street banks.
This was going to be a groundbreaking step towards tackling the barriers that ethnic minority business owners face in accessing finance.
What steps will the Government take to ensure that the ethnicity code is implemented, supported and scaled, so that its principles are embedded across the financial sector?
I am aware of the situation.
I reassure the hon.
Lady that the Government are committed to ensuring that firms continue to deliver good customer outcomes, now and in the future, with proportionate regulation and oversight.
I am happy to engage with her in more detail on the subject she mentions.
Will the Chancellor please provide an update on the invaluable Viking CCS project in the Humber?
At the spending review, we were able to build on the investment we had already made in Merseyside and Teesside with Track-1 of carbon capture and storage, and put investment into both the Acorn project in Scotland and Viking CCS in the Humber to support the Government’s ambitions for Britain to lead the way in carbon capture and storage, creating more good jobs in all parts of the country, including in Great Grimsby and Cleethorpes.
With permission, I will make a statement on the Government’s manifesto commitment to review the system of entitlements to parental leave.
This Government are dedicated to delivering more for working families, and our plan to make work pay is central to achieving that, with the mission to grow the economy, raise living standards across the country and create opportunities for all.
It will help people to stay in work, improve job security and boost living standards, which includes helping working parents and supporting them to balance their work and home lives.
Parental leave and pay entitlements play a key role in that.
We know that the arrival of a child, whether through birth or adoption, is a transformative time in a family’s life.
We also know that the current parental leave system does not support modern, diverse working families as well as it could.
Parents’ groups and campaigners have long argued that our paternity leave is too short and compares poorly with other countries.