I contrast that with some of the proposals set out by opposition parties.
Indeed, Reform UK’s plans are for a tax cut for foreign billionaires.
I call the shadow Minister.
In her Budget last year, the Chancellor tucked away about £10 billion over the next couple of years from reform to the non-dom tax regime.
It is important to remember that the OBR said in its fiscal outlook that that figure was “highly uncertain”, and a high-level survey by Oxford Economics found that fully two thirds of non-doms are considering leaving the country in the next couple years as a direct result of those policies.
That implies not an increase of £10 billion but a decrease of £8 billion.
The Chancellor has created a fiscal black hole of £18 billion with just one policy alone.
In this week of heroic U-turns from the Government Front Bench, will the Minister confirm whether they will be axing this tax?
When will it finally be condemned to the history books?
I am not really sure whether there was a policy suggestion in that comment or not.
As the shadow Minister will know, the fiscal black hole that we had to address when we won the general election was the £22 billion black hole that the Conservatives left after their mismanagement of the economy.
As I said, the Office for Budget Responsibility has confirmed that our reforms to the non-dom regime, with our removal of non-dom tax status, will raise £33.8 billion over the five years of the forecast.
It is the OBR’s figures that we will trust in that regard.
What fiscal steps she plans to take to help reduce the number of disabled and sick people in poverty.
The Government are committed to ensuring that there are fewer sick and disabled people in poverty by helping them into work and getting them off NHS waiting lists.
That is why at the spring statement we announced the largest investment in employment support in at least a generation.
The Government have already taken action to tackle poverty, including with the fair repayment rate, which lowers the cap on deductions in universal credit, and we have increased the national living wage by 6.7%.
Beyond that, we are investing to reduce poverty by expanding free school meals and investing in a £1 billion settlement for crisis support.
We will set out our child poverty strategy in the autumn.
We have invested £29 billion in reducing NHS waiting lists, and since we took office there are 385,000 more people in work.
Many disabled people are really struggling right now.
We know that three in 10 are living in poverty, as I can see in my York constituency, but I was particularly taken aback by the Women’s Budget Group report, which highlighted that three quarters of the people who will lose their personal independence payment and carer’s allowance are women.
How will the Chancellor ensure that when fiscal decisions are made, we look in particular at the intersectionality between women, disabled people and other protected characteristics to ensure that they are not pushed further into poverty?
My hon.
Friend will know that nobody currently receiving personal independence payments will see any reduction in the support they get.
In terms of supporting women into work, recognising some of the  intersectionalities she mentioned, the Government have increased the national living wage by 6.7%—sadly, it is still too often women who are paid the lowest wages—and our Employment Rights Bill will offer more security and dignity in work.
We are also rolling out more childcare, including new nurseries at primary schools, and my right hon.
Friend the Business and Trade Secretary will today make a statement announcing the launch of a review of parental leave, which could benefit all working parents, but particularly mums.
Does the Chancellor accept that cancer is a major driver of poverty?