We are going to introduce electronic balloting, but it is not in the Employment Rights Bill, because we already have existing powers to implement it.
In that open letter, the shadow Secretary of State mentions, most curiously, that the Bill will include
“a trade union ‘right to roam’”.
I do not know if he was searching for a new mobile phone contract at the time, but no such right exists.
The shadow Minister talked about the effects on appointments, but he needs to keep up to date: the latest Lloyds business barometer says that business confidence is now at a nine-year high and that 60% of firms expect higher staffing levels in the next year.
That is a sign that this Government are getting things done.
I call the Chair of the Women and Equalities Committee.
It is great to see so many hon.
Members, with almost every party represented but one: there are four empty seats where the Reform UK MPs sit.
They like to bang on about family values, but when it comes to actually standing up for dads and for parents, they are nowhere to be seen.
I thank the Minister for acting on the importance of shared parental leave.
On paternity leave, as someone who had a caesarean section, I was so grateful to my husband’s employers for granting him more than two weeks’ leave; as everyone knows, mothers are not meant to lift even a kettle for six weeks after a c-section, which makes things impossible.
However, we also know that not everybody is that fortunate, and that is especially true for self-employed people.
The Women and Equalities Committee took evidence on parental leave and heard that nearly a third of self-employed dads and other parents did not take a single day’s leave following the birth of their child, so how will this review ensure that self-employed parents’ needs will be taken into account?
I thank the Chair of the Women and Equalities Committee for her contribution.
She raises an important point and we are studying her Committee’s recent report on the issue with interest.
It is important  that we look at how people in different forms of employment are able to take advantage of parental leave, in one form or another.
That is important not just for providing physical assistance in the circumstances that my hon.
Friend mentioned, but because the parent should be there, if they can, to bond with the child in those early weeks, and the review will definitely consider that.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I thank the Minister for advance sight of the statement.
The Liberal Democrats welcome the Government’s commitment to the much-needed review on parental leave.
Every child deserves the best possible start in life and the opportunity to flourish, no matter their background or personal circumstances.
Too often, parents struggle on inadequate parental pay and without good enough access to shared leave.
Childcare costs are eye-watering, and the balance between family life and work has only become harder to strike.
The Liberal Democrats have been calling for an overhaul of the parental leave system, to give parents a genuine choice about how they manage their responsibilities in the first months of their child’s life.
If I could gently correct the shadow Minister,  the hon.
Member for Mid Buckinghamshire (Greg Smith) , it was the Liberal Democrats who were proud to introduce shared parental leave in government.
However, years later, millions of parents are still being denied the choice to spend more time at home, with around a quarter of fathers ineligible for paternity pay.
As we welcome this review into parental leave, I urge the Government to look more broadly into the prevalent inequality in caring responsibilities.
What steps are they taking to support the millions of family carers who are looking after disabled or elderly relatives and who have no paid leave at all?