I call the shadow Minister.
It is becoming clear that one year in, the public still do not know what Labour is all about, and the same could be said for its so-called National Wealth Fund.
Not only has the National Wealth Fund invested less equity in clean energy than before its costly £7 billion rebrand, but it is also now rightly subject to a Treasury Committee inquiry, at which expert witnesses could not name a single thing it is doing differently.
The CEO of the British Business Bank now says the Government did not understand what they were setting up.
Can the Minister tell us why the National Wealth Fund has invested less in clean energy than before the costly rebrand and why the Government U-turned on incorporating the British Business Bank?
The shadow Minister forgets to mention the fact that we have had £30 billion of investment in green energy since the general election.
I am sure he has consulted the spending review documents closely—I know he is a diligent shadow Minister in that regard—and he will have seen the investment that we are putting into Great British Energy, Sizewell C, small modular reactors, fusion, nuclear R&D, the warm homes plan, and carbon capture and storage.
All of this is to make sure we improve our energy security and bring down bills for good.
Whether she plans to provide additional Barnett consequential funding to the Northern Ireland Executive for the winter fuel payment.
I can reassure the hon.
Member that there will be an increase in the Northern Ireland Executive’s funding through the annually managed expenditure forecasting process.
This will be confirmed at the autumn Budget in the usual way.
More importantly to pensioners in Northern Ireland, he will be aware that in June, the Communities Minister in Northern Ireland confirmed that winter fuel payments will be available in Northern Ireland on the same basis as in England and Wales.
I thank the Minister for that very positive answer.
What assessment has been made of the impact of increasing the winter fuel payment in line with inflation?
Given the increase in the cost of living, does he believe that current winter fuel payments are up to the standard in terms of how far they will go to support those who are eligible?
Our priority at the moment is to extend eligibility for the winter fuel payment, as the hon.
Member and I have discussed on a number of occasions, but obviously that sits within a wider set of support.
He will have seen the extension to the warm home discount announced in recent days and the extension of the household support fund.
As he is well aware, social security is a transferred policy in Northern Ireland.
Does the Minister agree that it is only because of the Barnett formula and a Labour Government that Scotland—including communities in Stirling and Strathallan—now has record funding of £50 billion this year, and it is deeply concerning that the SNP Government in Scotland have no clear plan to invest this funding properly in Scotland’s NHS, Scotland’s schools and Scotland’s local services?
As so often, my hon.
Friend says it all.
We have seen record investment in the Scottish Government’s budget, but we do not see waiting lists falling in Scotland, as they are in England and Wales.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of implementing a flat rate of remote betting and gaming duty on the horseracing industry.
We very much recognise the social and cultural value of horseracing, which is why on-course betting is exempt from duty, and horseracing is the only sport to receive a Government mandated levy.
We are consulting on measures to simplify gambling duty and improve compliance.
No decision will be made on rates before the Budget, and we are working with the horseracing sector to identify unintended consequences and mitigations.
I refer Members to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.