Let the independent reviewer complete his work and report back to us as a Government.
The loan charge scandal was absolutely awful and has devastated the lives of tens of thousands of people.
It failed to be addressed under the last Government.
Can the Minister please tell us what he is doing to make sure people are not still being sold this illegal product?
I thank my hon.
Friend very much for her question.
I can reassure her that, alongside the loan charge review, the Government have published a consultation on a comprehensive package of measures to close in on the promoters of marketed tax avoidance schemes.
As we know, these contrived schemes both deprive public services of funding and leave their clients with unexpected tax bills.
Does the Chancellor believe that the changes she has made to employer’s national insurance contributions will lead to higher levels of employment, or will they lead to higher levels of unemployment?
Let us look at the record so far.
There are 385,000 more jobs in the UK economy today than there were when Labour came to office a year ago, which is more than 1,000 jobs a day.
So businesses are voting with their feet and taking on more workers, because of the policies of this Labour Government compared with the Tory policies that took our economy down.
As people are living longer, they face more complex financial choices.
The new, simplified advice regime announced by the Government and the Financial Conduct Authority yesterday is hugely welcome and will help more people make better informed investment decisions.
Will the Minister provide more detail on the steps the Government will be taking to help firms deliver better advice at scale, especially to young people and the self-employed?
We are really excited about targeted support, because it means that firms will be able to make suggestions to consumers with similarities, so that they have the confidence to invest in the long term and can get better support—not advice—on their pensions.
Further to that answer, will the Minister confirm that one of the regulatory barriers in that area are privacy and electronic communications regulations, which prevent firms from proactively reaching out to customers to offer targeted  support?
As part of the review, will she ensure that that specific regulatory change is made, so that that can happen?
I assure the right hon.
Gentleman that we are looking at that.
We will make sure that firms can take advantage of suggesting targeted support to their consumers so that they are better off, can make more of their money and get a better pension, too.
Some 58% of investors think it is important that stocks and shares ISAs are invested in UK companies.
Currently, it is estimated that £100 billion is held in the cash ISAs of people who do not have stocks and shares ISAs.
What steps is my right hon.
Friend taking to encourage further investment in UK stocks and shares, and investment in UK companies?
As we set out at the spring statement, we are looking at the balance between investments in cash and investments in stocks and shares in ISAs.
We want to get that balance right.
We understand the importance of a rainy day buffer in cash, but we need to give people the confidence to invest.
That is a win-win: it is a win for them and a win for British companies listed on our stock exchange.
Jackie from Street suffers with Crohn’s disease, fibromyalgia and mental health issues.
She worked for most of her life until ill health made it impossible.
Under the reforms, she will lose her entitlement to personal independence payment and employment and support allowance, plunging her into poverty.
Can the Chancellor give Jackie the reassurance she needs that she will not be left in poverty?