In Wales, key rail routes will benefit from £445 million of investment.
Small to medium-sized businesses are the backbone of the local economy in Eastleigh, creating jobs and driving innovation.
However, local businesses, including the precision manufacturing firm G. W. Martin, have told me that the increased costs as a result of the changes to employer national insurance contributions have left them with no choice but to pass those costs on to customers, making UK manufacturing less competitive globally.
What concrete steps will the Government take to help businesses in Eastleigh?
Half of small businesses will not be affected by the employer national insurance increase, as the hon.
Member will know.
We will also be setting  out a small business strategy in the Government’s plan to support those businesses across the UK later this year.
As the Minister knows, I am delighted with the spending review’s investment in Welsh rail of £445 million.
It shows the power of two Labour Governments working together and corrects years of underfunding from the Tories.
This investment in Welsh communities and Welsh business is extremely welcome and it will be a brilliant driver of our Government’s mission for economic growth.
Will she outline what steps she is taking with other Departments to ensure that rural economies and market towns such as Monmouth, Abergavenny, Caldicot and Chepstow, and small businesses across Monmouthshire, can be helped to thrive and contribute to that growth mission?
I welcome what my hon.
Friend said.
The Government are supporting the rural economy with over £2.7 billion a year for sustainable farming and nature recovery.
We are investing £1.9 billion to improve digital connectivity, which will be important to the small businesses and others that she mentioned.
As I said to the previous question, we will set out a small business strategy later this year.
North Gloucestershire is ready to jump-start economic growth, with its existing advanced engineering and defence industries ready to drive the UK toward economic and defence objectives.
Babcock, GE Aerospace, Moog and Safran are already developing world-leading technologies, and the Garden Town project includes a further 100 hectares of employment area.
Will the Minister join me in Gloucestershire so we can demonstrate this expertise and the potential for growth on the ground?
Defence companies are an incredibly important part of the economy, and the hon.
Member will know that we are increasing defence spending to up to 2.6% by the end of this Parliament.
It has only ever reached those levels before under a Labour Government.
The industrial strategy was right to highlight the potential for the National Cyber Innovation Centre in my constituency.
If we are going to deliver that, we will need to make sure that junction 10 of the M5 is also done to enable the traffic to get around that development.
This is a development of national importance.
The strategic sites accelerator has also been cited by the Government.
Can the Minister advise me on how areas like Liberal Democrat-run Cheltenham and Gloucestershire can access that fund?
I will ensure that the hon.
Member gets a meeting with the relevant Transport Minister, but I hope that he is as excited as I am about the £1 billion that we are investing in the state-of-the-art Golden Valley development, which will create 12,000 high-skilled jobs and 3,700 new homes, and is close to the GCHQ headquarters in Cheltenham.
I am sure that that is something he will welcome.
Does the Minister agree that the new Green Book with its proposals on place-based analysis will mean that left-behind places like mine will start to get the infrastructure investment that they so desperately need?
We pledged to reform the Green Book, and we are doing precisely that, alongside the spending review.
We recognise the strategic importance of investment in every part of the country.
We want to realise the growth potential of places like the one my hon.
Friend represents—she is a doughty champion for her constituency.