As my hon.
Friend will know, in last year’s Budget we got rid of the non-dom tax status, increased capital gains tax, put VAT on private school fees and ended the loophole for private equity, as well as introducing further measures, in order to raise £40 billion.
As a result, we are investing £300 billion more than would have been raised under the plans that we inherited from the Conservative party.
Ours is the only country where—
Order.
Oh, all right—fine.
We have to get through these questions.
I call Helen Morgan.
Businesses and individuals in my constituency tell me that the single-biggest factor holding back growth in our rural area is poor public transport.
Shropshire has been poorly served by the bus service improvement plan, and by the spending review’s focus on investment in city areas.
How will the Chancellor improve public transport in rural areas to drive the growth that we so desperately need there?
We are increasing transport investment by 1.9% in real terms after HS2 in every year of the spending review period.
We are also extending the bus fare cap, which is particularly beneficial to rural areas.
I believe that redistribution should be core to everything that we do.
It is core to the toughest decisions that we have had to make, and it is core to our efforts to achieve growth.
Does the Chancellor agree that putting more pounds into the pockets of those with the lowest incomes is the best thing we can do to grow our economy?
The Government agree wholeheartedly with my hon.
Friend.
At the end of the current Parliament, people will be better off as a consequence of the decisions that this Labour Government are making.
We have already increased the national living wage by 6.7% to benefit 3 million people, while full-time workers are seeing an increase of about £1,400 a year in their wages.
On Friday I had the privilege of visiting LOROS, Leicestershire’s much-respected palliative care charity.
At full capacity it could offer 31 beds to local residents, but sadly, because of the measures that the Chancellor has introduced, such as the national insurance hike, it now operates only 18 beds.
May I ask the Chancellor to look again at softening the impact of her measures, particularly on charities such as LOROS?
I am sure that the relevant Health Minister would be happy to meet representatives of the hospice.
The Health Secretary set out the settlement for hospices at the end of last year to compensate financially for the increases in national insurance, but those increases in national insurance are funding the NHS, which helps fund our hospices.
This Government delivered a record real-terms settlement for Scotland at the spending review, so it was deeply concerning to hear from the Scottish Government last week that there is a £2.6 billion black hole in the public finances, which could see NHS spend reduce by 12%.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that the SNP’s long-standing record of fiscal mismanagement must end, and that Scottish Ministers must ensure that the funding gets to the struggling Scottish public services?
This Labour Government in Westminster are delivering for the people of Scotland.
As a consequence of our spending review, Scotland will receive an average of £50.9 billion per year over this Parliament—the largest real-terms increase in funding since devolution began.
The only reason there is a black hole in the budget in Scotland is because of the SNP Government, and the people of Scotland need a new direction with a Labour Government in Scotland.
Representatives of a not-for-profit care company in my constituency feel that the Government are waging war on the care sector.
I met residents and staff at a Sunday lunch at Magna care home, and the managers told me that they cannot recruit locally at all and that, because of the changes to social care visas, they are struggling to recruit internationally.