As a result, in the Budget and then in this year’s spring statement, we unlocked £300 billion more to spend during the course of this Parliament, including the record settlement for the Scottish Government.
It is now up to the Scottish Government to spend that money wisely and to try to reduce waiting lists in Scotland, as we have done in England and, indeed, in Wales.
I call the shadow Minister.
First, it was a humiliating reversal of the Chancellor’s winter fuel cuts.
Now, welfare cuts that she rushed to meet her fiscal rules have been shredded, leaving unfunded spending to pay for.
In October, the Chancellor said that extending the freeze in income tax thresholds
“would hurt working people.
It would take more money out  of their payslips”—[Official Report,  30 October 2024 ; Vol.
755, c. 821.]
Does she stand by the commitment to end that freeze from 2028—yes or no?
It was the hon.
Member’s Government, when they were on this side of the House, who froze those allowances, taking more money out of the pockets of working people.
Despite that, they left a £22 billion black hole in the public finances.
I will take no lessons from Conservative party, which has opposed everything that is needed to invest in our public services.
We are in the mess we are in because of the damage that it caused.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of planned increases in funding for transport infrastructure on economic growth.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of planned increases in funding for transport infrastructure on economic growth.
The Government recognise the critical contribution that transport makes to our growth mission.
The Government increased the capital envelope by over £100 billion at the autumn Budget last year, and by a further £13 billion at the spring statement.
Taken together, that represents a big increase in capital investment.
As a result, the transport capital budget, excluding High Speed 2, will increase by 1.9% per year in real terms over the spending review period.
That investment will improve connectivity in our towns, cities and villages, reduce journey times and increase transport reliability.
For areas of transport that are devolved, it is up to the Scottish and Welsh Governments to allocate their funding and be accountable to their respective Parliaments for those decisions.
I welcome the announcement in the spending review that railway projects in Wales, including five new stations east of Cardiff, will receive an extra £445 million in funding over the next decade.
Will the Chancellor provide more detail as to how the money will be specifically allocated and when work will begin?
It was a pleasure to be in Cardiff just after the spending review to look at the difference made by the investment that the Labour Government are putting into transport in Wales.
The spending review and the infrastructure strategy recognised Wales’s long-term infrastructure needs and how they have been neglected for too long by the Tory party.
We delivered at least £445 million for rail enhancements, which provides funding for continuing to develop and deliver the stations identified in the Burns review, including Newport West and Somerton.
Plans for future rail investment in Wales will be made in close consultation with the Welsh Government and through engagement with the Wales Rail Board.
I declare an interest as co-chair of the all-party parliamentary group on British buses.
Our £15.6 billion commitment to regional transport through the spending review should be good news for bus manufacturing.
However, Alexander Dennis’s ongoing consultation threatens 400 jobs in Falkirk, putting another major employer at risk just after the closure of the Grangemouth oil refinery.
The Scottish National party’s ScotZEB 2 scheme famously failed to invest in Scotland.
Where things are built and by who matters, so will the Chancellor act to guarantee that our investment in transport is of maximum benefit to Scottish vehicle manufacturers?