We are consulting on measures to simplify gambling duty and improve compliance.
No decision will be made on rates before the Budget, and we are working with the horseracing sector to identify unintended consequences and mitigations.
I refer Members to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
In Doncaster, we are incredibly proud of our historic racecourse, which is home to the iconic St Leger festival.
As someone who has attended the racecourse for a number of events throughout my life, I can say that it is part of our local community and brings thousands of jobs.
Will the Minister confirm that he will continue dialogue with the horseracing industry, noting that it brings 85,000 jobs to the country nationally and is the second largest spectator sport in the country, and identifying that this is very different from online casinos and games of chance?
It is excellent to hear my hon.
Friend speak so passionately about Doncaster racecourse and the wider sector, and I reassure her that we will absolutely continue close dialogue with the horseracing industry on these proposals.
I and my officials are working  closely with the horseracing sector to identify any unintended consequences and possible mitigations.
We intend to continue those conversations with the industry, and we welcome further engagement.
How do the Government assess the implementation of a flat rate in terms of improving fairness and simplification for all involved, reducing administrative costs and encouraging compliance?
One of the principles behind the reforms that we are looking to make to the gambling duty is to tackle issues of compliance by simplifying the system.
The consultation is open at the moment, and I encourage the hon.
Gentleman, and anyone else who is interested in contributing towards that, to make their views known.
What recent discussions her Department has had with the trustees of the British Coal staff superannuation scheme.
My hon.
Friend the Minister for Industry recently met the trustees of the British Coal staff superannuation scheme to consider their proposals, and I have been monitoring the developments closely.
I thank the Chief Secretary to the Treasury for his answer.
Last weekend I attended the anniversary of the Six Bells mining disaster in 1960, in which 45 men and boys died.
I met Mervyn Frampton, whose brother Keith was killed in that tragedy.
Mervyn is 90 now, and we talked about when he and his butties powered our country and were members of the British Coal staff pension scheme.
Will my right hon.
Friend please be mindful of those who risked their lives for us, and who are still owed pension fair play?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question, and I extend the thoughts of the House to his constituents and the communities that he represents.
He will know that I have always kept the service and sacrifices of the mining communities in my mind, both in opposition when campaigning for changes to the mineworkers’ pension scheme, which this Government implemented at the last Budget, and now in considering proposals from the BCSSS.
I will be looking at those issues in more detail over the summer, and I hope to say more in the autumn.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of the increase in employer national insurance contributions on businesses.
The Government protected the smallest businesses from changes to national insurance by increasing the employment allowance from £5,000 to £10,500.
That means that this year 865,000 employers will pay no national insurance contributions at all, and more than half will either gain or see no change to their national insurance contributions.
Given the recent trio of U-turns, this Government have demonstrated that they are keen to change their minds as well as to create new multibillion-pound black holes.
Will the Chancellor do the right thing and U-turn on the increase in national insurance contributions, to provide businesses with a much-needed boost in the sluggish economy that she has created?