It really is quite straightforward: it is not possible to benefit from employment rights if people do not have a job in the first place.
With that in mind, it deeply concerns me that the Minister’s statement made only a passing mention of the impact on businesses.
That comes as no surprise as not one person around the Cabinet table has any real business experience.
The Government have admitted that this review, which they said would be squared away by now, will take 18 months.
Over the next 18 months, we will watch the ravaging impacts of Labour’s anti-business policies transform from a drip to a deluge.
With the jobs tax, the business rates relief cut, investment and capital forced overseas, the Employment Rights Bill and the family business death tax, unemployment will continue to rise, businesses will close and any chance of growth will be sapped from our economy.
It is all well and good that the Minister announces this review in the House today, but let us be in no doubt that, when it concludes in 18 months’ time, Britain’s economy will have been stripped of all signs of life because of the choices Labour has made.
I take it that the shadow Minister is not in support of the review.
May I correct him on a few points?
Of course it is not a coincidence that this is being announced today; our manifesto was clear that we would launch the review within one year of taking office, and, of course, this week we do celebrate that astounding election victory.
On his point about statutory paternity pay, it is £187.18.
We know from representations that we have already received that many do not think that that is the right level.
He mentioned how Tony Blair and Gordon Brown refused to open this box, but it was their Government who gave us the right to statutory paternity pay and a number of other family-friendly rights, of which the shadow Minister himself has taken advantage.
I think we know where the Conservative party stands on these issues when their leader says that maternity pay has gone too far.
I do not quite know what she meant by that, but I think it means that the Conservatives would be rolling back some of the well-earned gains in family-friendly policies.
The shadow Minister, as I would expect, does not miss an opportunity to mention the Employment Rights Bill.
May I suggest that he has a word with his shadow Secretary of State who clearly has not read it?
I refer to his recent open letter to businesses in which he mentioned a number of issues with the Bill.
First, he complained that we are creating the fair work agency, conveniently forgetting that in both the 2017 and 2019 Conservative party manifestos, there was a similar pledge to create a single enforcement body.
He referred to an introductory measure on electronic industrial action balloting.
The Conservatives, of course, will be big fans of electronic voting given the number of leadership elections in which they have taken part in recent years.
The shadow Minister needs to inform his shadow Secretary of State that that is not in the Bill.
I do not know where he thinks that has come from.
We are going to introduce electronic balloting, but it is not in the Employment Rights Bill, because we already have existing powers to implement it.
In that open letter, the shadow Secretary of State mentions, most curiously, that the Bill will include
“a trade union ‘right to roam’”.
I do not know if he was searching for a new mobile phone contract at the time, but no such right exists.