However, Alexander Dennis’s ongoing consultation threatens 400 jobs in Falkirk, putting another major employer at risk just after the closure of the Grangemouth oil refinery.
The Scottish National party’s ScotZEB 2 scheme famously failed to invest in Scotland.
Where things are built and by who matters, so will the Chancellor act to guarantee that our investment in transport is of maximum benefit to Scottish vehicle manufacturers?
It is important that, as this Government put more money into infrastructure, including transport, it benefits companies and jobs here in Britain.
It is not right the Scottish Government spend more on buses made in China than on buses made in Scotland.
There is nothing preventing the Scottish National party from investing in jobs and growth in Scotland.
MPs and councils of all parties across east and north Yorkshire are united in wanting to enhance connectivity in the area, have greener options and optimise the economic output of the area, so will the Chancellor work with us on a cross-party basis to look at reopening a direct rail line from Hull to York, so that those great university cities can be united by effective transport infrastructure once again?
I really welcome the fact that the right hon.
Gentleman supports the investment that this Labour Government are making in transport and infrastructure after the 14 of years neglect by his party.
We have increased transport spending by 1.9% per year in real terms in every year of this spending review period, benefiting all parts of the country, including Yorkshire, where both he and I have the honour and privilege of being Members of Parliament.
The Prime Minister, the Business Secretary and the Chancellor had the joy of coming to my constituency to see the MIRA technology park last week.
They will have come via the A5.
The previous Prime Minister talked about the funding that would be submitted via the A5, but in the spending review that money seems to have dropped, so will the Chancellor commit to the same funding for the A5 that we had from the last Government, because it is really important for my area?
The irony is that the last Government made a lot of commitments but did not put any money into delivering them.
That is the difference that this Government are making, with fully funded plans to upgrade transport.
The Department for Transport now has its settlement and it will look at a number of projects.
The mess left by the Conservatives is something we have had to sort out.
The Conservatives have not backed any of the measures that we have taken to bring in more revenue, yet, as we have seen, they are very keen on spending the money.
That is why we were left with a £22 billion black hole when we came into office a year ago.
What steps she is taking to help increase economic growth in Eastleigh constituency.
What steps she is taking to help increase economic growth in Monmouthshire.
What steps she is taking to help increase economic growth in north Gloucestershire.
What steps she is taking to help increase economic growth in Gloucestershire.
Kick-starting economic growth in every region and nation is the No.
1 mission of our Government.
As part of our new infrastructure strategy, we have allocated £725 billion to building and rebuilding bridges, roads, schools and hospitals across the country.
Also, the £2.3 billion for local government transport will benefit places such as Eastleigh and Gloucestershire.
In Wales, key rail routes will benefit from £445 million of investment.
Small to medium-sized businesses are the backbone of the local economy in Eastleigh, creating jobs and driving innovation.
However, local businesses, including the precision manufacturing firm G. W. Martin, have told me that the increased costs as a result of the changes to employer national insurance contributions have left them with no choice but to pass those costs on to customers, making UK manufacturing less competitive globally.