This piecemeal approach to parental leave and pay means that the system has never had an overarching set of objectives that it should deliver.
This review presents an opportunity to reset our approach to and understanding of parental leave and pay, and what we want the system to achieve.
We will use the review to establish what Britain needs from a parental leave and pay system to support our modern economy and deliver improvements for working families.
We have set out four objectives as our starting point, which we intend to test as we progress the review to ensure we are truly reflecting the needs of the nation.
Our first objective is to support the physical and mental health of women during pregnancy and after giving birth to a child.
Our second objective is to support economic growth by enabling more parents to stay in work and advance in their careers after starting a family.
This will focus on improving both women’s labour market outcomes and tackling the gender pay gap.
Our third objective is to ensure that there are sufficient resources and time away from work to support new and expectant parents’ wellbeing.
This will include facilitating the best start in life for babies and young children, and supporting health and development outcomes.
Our fourth objective is to support parents to make balanced childcare choices that work for their family situation, including enabling co-parenting, and providing flexibility to reflect the realities of modern work and childcare needs.
Three cross-cutting considerations will also be factored into our review.
The first is to build a fair parental leave system between parents within a family, different types of parents and parents with different employment statuses.
The second consideration is to balance costs and benefits to businesses and the Exchequer, as well as to examine how the system can support economic opportunities for businesses and families.
As part of this, the review will consider opportunities to make the process surrounding parental leave simpler for both businesses and parents.
The final cross-cutting consideration focuses on improving our society—for example, by supporting the child poverty strategy, and by shifting social and gender norms, including around paternal childcare.
All current and upcoming parental leave and pay entitlements will be in the scope of the review.
This will enable us to consider how the parental leave and pay system should operate as a complete system to improve  the support available for working families.
This broad scope means that the review will consider the individual existing entitlements, and how best to ensure improvements can be delivered for working families, as well as related wider issues and themes.
For example, the review will consider whether the support available meets the needs of other working families who do not qualify for existing statutory leave and pay entitlements, such as kinship carers and self-employed parents.
It will also consider how the pay system works more broadly.
This will be an evidence-based review that reflects and considers the perspectives and experiences of those who engage with the parental leave and pay system.
We welcome views from, and intend to engage constructively with, a wide range of external stakeholders, including groups such as trade unions that represent both parents and families, and employers or employer representatives.
There will be opportunities for stakeholders to contribute views and expertise throughout the review, including through a call for evidence, which launches today.
This call for evidence seeks initial evidence specifically in relation to the objectives that will set the foundation for what we want our system to deliver.
The review launches today.
We expect it to run for a period of 18 months.
The Government will conclude the review with a set of findings and a road map, including next steps for taking any potential reforms forward to implementation.
This is an important step forward to ensure that our workplaces are fit for the 21st century, and I commend this statement to the House.