Gentleman for his questions, because he always offers a useful lesson in what not to do.
Even George Osborne now says that the shadow Chancellor has “no credible economic plan”.
I will give the shadow Chancellor this: he knows a thing or two about welfare spending, because under his watch, the UK became the only country in the G7 with an unemployment rate stuck below pre-pandemic levels.
Under his watch, the cost of working-age inactivity rose by £15.7 billion a year.
The House will note that the right hon.
Lady did not categorically rule out the possibility of changing the fiscal rules in the autumn.
Given that, will she at least confirm that she stands by her commitment not to raise the rates of income tax, national insurance or VAT in the autumn?
Is it a yes, or is it another potential U-turn?
We made a commitment in our manifesto not to increase the key taxes that working people pay, and we stick by those commitments because, unlike the Conservative party, we stick by our manifesto.
Towns in my constituency, such as Prudhoe and Haltwhistle, have lost access to bank branches—Prudhoe lost its Lloyds branch in May—and Hexham is due to lose two branches in November.
The closures have had a huge impact on customers and communities, but the guidance on banking hubs is often too restrictive.
Will my hon.
Friend meet me to discuss how we can support financial inclusion in Tyne valley, in the Hexham constituency and beyond?
We understand the importance of in-person banking, in my hon.
Friend’s constituency and elsewhere, which is why we secured a commitment from the industry to roll out 350 banking hubs across the United Kingdom.
I am leading the work on a financial inclusion strategy, which we will publish later in the year and which emphasises the importance of access to banking, and I am always happy to meet my hon.
Friend.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
More than 50% of local authorities are having to overspend on the dedicated schools grant to cover the rising costs of SEND services, and the increasing demand for inter-authority borrowing has pushed up interest rates.
May I urge the Chancellor to consider, as a matter of urgency—even before the Government publish their White Paper on special educational needs and disabilities—introducing a concessionary interest rate, perhaps at the same level as the Public Works Loan Board rate, so that councils do  not have to raise council tax just to serve their interest payments and can spend the money on frontline services instead?
The hon.
Lady, and other Members, will have seen the reference in the spending review to a real-terms uplift in schools spending in every single year of the current Parliament, as well as additional capital investment to help rebuild the schools whose roofs were literally crumbling under the last Conservative Government.
My right hon.
Friend the Education Secretary will publish a Green Paper on SEND reform in the autumn, and we have extended local authorities’ statutory override for SEND education for a further two years while we bring in those reforms.
This Government want to ensure that mainstream schools are more inclusive for all children.
In recent weeks Ministers have been arguing that vital support for the disabled is fiscally unsustainable because it is forecast to rise to £60.7 billion a year by 2029-30.
What assessment has the Chancellor made of the fiscal sustainability of the 107 non-structural tax breaks that are currently costing HMRC £207 billion a year?
As my hon.
Friend will know, in last year’s Budget we got rid of the non-dom tax status, increased capital gains tax, put VAT on private school fees and ended the loophole for private equity, as well as introducing further measures, in order to raise £40 billion.
As a result, we are investing £300 billion more than would have been raised under the plans that we inherited from the Conservative party.