The only reason there is a black hole in the budget in Scotland is because of the SNP Government, and the people of Scotland need a new direction with a Labour Government in Scotland.
Representatives of a not-for-profit care company in my constituency feel that the Government are waging war on the care sector.
I met residents and staff at a Sunday lunch at Magna care home, and the managers told me that they cannot recruit locally at all and that, because of the changes to social care visas, they are struggling to recruit internationally.
I know the Government want to build our own workforce, but what are they planning to do to support organisations while we get the training in place, so that we do not see care homes going bust?
On behalf of the House, may I thank social care workers for the service they provide in all our constituencies?
As a result of this Labour Government commitment’s to social workers and the social care system, we will have increased funding for social care by £4 billion by 2028-29 through the local government  settlements, and we will bring forward a fair pay agreement to make sure that there is a fair deal for those people serving our constituents on the frontline.
The main beneficiaries of Brexit have been printers, because of all the extra paperwork that the previous Government created.
The National Audit Office has estimated that their border arrangements have cost us £4.7 billion and rising, and the single trade window will add to the red tape.
Does the Chancellor agree that the best way to reduce the paperwork requirements in the first place is to do a good deal with Europe, and will she update us on her progress on that?
My hon.
Friend will have seen the Prime Minister’s work to reset relations with the EU.
She mentions the single trade window, and it is the Government’s intention to deliver that.
More widely, the Government are committed to minimising the administrative burdens and frictions experienced by businesses trading internationally.
We all  know that there is a difference between welfare cuts and welfare reforms.
These cuts were the maths of Treasury mandarins.
It is the same thinking that saw winter fuel payments taken from pensioners.
Now that the Government have U-turned on both of those, when will they finally back British farming and U-turn on the family farm tax?
The problem with the Conservatives is that they support all the funding, but they do not support any of the ways of funding it.
Agricultural property relief means that estates worth more than £3 million will now be taxed at half the rate at which inheritance tax is usually charged.
That can be repaid over a 10-year period, interest-free.
I think that is the right and fair settlement, given the fiscal environment we face.
I call the Chair of the Treasury Committee.
The Economic Secretary is reviewing the work of the Financial Ombudsman Service.
We on the Treasury Committee recognise that there have been challenges with the service, but how will she make sure that the consumer voice is central to her review?
I have had meetings with Which?
and other consumer representatives.
I reassure my hon.
Friend that we are reviewing FOS.
We want to make sure that it is a simple, impartial dispute resolution service that quickly and effectively deals with complainants so that consumers can get a fair deal, but that financial services firms are not subject to a quasi-regulator in the way they are at the moment.
Following the Pensions Minister’s response to me about pensioner living standards, what specific measures announced in the Government’s pensions reforms will support pre-1997 defined benefit pensioners, who currently receive a minimal or no annual uplift?
The hon.
Lady is right to highlight the question of pensioners’ living standards, and we are taking action right the way across the board to deal with that.