I am indeed aware of the background to this case.
The original search warrants were quashed and the police investigation was discontinued.
As the right hon.
Gentleman knows, the Investigatory Powers Tribunal is currently looking at this case, and it would not be appropriate for me to comment while that is ongoing.
The Chief Constable has set up the McCullough review to look at the wider issue, and the right hon.
Gentleman may well wish to make representations to that review.
The Prime Minister was asked—
If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 23 October.
I have been asked to reply, as my right hon.
and learned Friend the Prime Minister is in Samoa to discuss shared opportunities in the Commonwealth, including how we work together to deliver economic growth.
With increasing threats facing Britain, it is vital that we also strengthen defence, security and co-operation with our allies.
That is why today, this Government signed a landmark defence agreement with Germany that will help keep us safe and create hundreds of jobs.
I know the whole House will join me in sending our best wishes to Sir Chris Hoy and his wife Sarra.
He is a true sporting legend, and the courage and positivity they have shown will inspire many others.
I also send our condolences to those affected by the train crash in Powys.
This morning, I have had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
For 14 years, my constituents in Newcastle-under-Lyme had to suffer flatlining wages, in-work poverty, and a bust economy that served nobody.
Can I urge the Deputy Prime Minister to use the Employment Rights Bill to turn the page on the last 14 years, give our businesses the support they need, and finally restore dignity, prosperity and opportunity to the good people of Newcastle-under-Lyme?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question and welcome him to his place.
When this Government took office, we promised the biggest upgrade to workers’ rights in a generation—a new deal for working people.
We said that we would introduce a Bill within the first 100 days, and we have kept that promise.
This is a Labour Government led by working people for working people.
I call the deputy Leader of the Opposition.
I join the Deputy Prime Minister in paying tribute to the bravery of Sir Chris Hoy—he truly is an inspiration to us all.
I also echo her comments about the train crash in Powys.
What is the Deputy Prime Minister’s definition of working people?
Let me start by welcoming the right hon.
Gentleman to his new place.
Today is our first exchange since he pushed for a July general election, and if his own side has not offered him a peerage, I certainly would have.
The definition of “working people” is the people who the Tory party have failed for the past 14 years.
The Deputy Prime Minister stood on a manifesto promising not to raise taxes on working people.
It now appears that she cannot even define who working people are, so I will give her another go.
There are 5 million small business owners in this country; are they working people?
I do not know how the shadow Deputy Prime Minister can stand there with a straight face when it was the small businesses—the working people of this country—that paid the price of the Conservatives crashing the economy, sending interest rates soaring.
I think he needs to learn his own lessons in opposition.
I think the whole House will have heard the Deputy Prime Minister disregard 5 million hard-working small business owners.
These are the publicans, the shopkeepers, the family running a local café.
None of those count as working people to her.
Labour gave a clear commitment not to raise national insurance.
The independent Institute for Fiscal Studies has given its view on this.