It is hard to take lectures from the Conservative party on investment and growth.
We have had a change election.
We will be investing in growth.
The hon.
Member has only a week to wait to listen to what will be happening in the Budget.
In the meantime, we are going at pace.
The international investment summit brought in considerable investment for companies based in Northern Ireland.
We are moving on with our industrial strategy, Invest 2035.
We are investing in skills and getting people into work, and transforming our health services.
That is essential so that people will want to come to Northern Ireland because of good  health services, and so that they will be well enough to work.
All of that is a package for investment in Northern Ireland.
I call the Chair of the Northern Ireland Affairs Committee.
At last week’s international investment summit, the Prime Minister and the Chancellor announced a total of £63 billion of private investment into the UK economy.
What steps are the Secretary of State and the Minister taking to ensure Northern Ireland is at the forefront of this Government’s effort to stimulate the investment that  is needed?
The Secretary of State went to the international summit with the First and Deputy First Ministers and they are all working together on this.
The Ballymena bus manufacturer, Wrightbus, recently signed a deal worth £100 billion to supply more than 1,000 buses to Go-Ahead.[Official Report,  24 October 2024 ; Vol.
755, c. 6WC.](Correction) That shows real business confidence in Northern Ireland.
We are also focusing on the skills gap.
I have met wonderful skills providers across Northern Ireland to talk about how we can get people into well-paid jobs and to achieve faster growth.
It is good to hear from the Minister about the work being done to close the skills gap.
Can she provide further examples of that work and lay out her intentions for the future?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise the issue of the skills gap and economic inactivity in Northern Ireland.
I have met wonderful skills providers across Northern Ireland, such as the Rural Women’s Network, Bolster Community, the Superstars Club, Disability Action Northern Ireland, Ulster University and the King’s Trust.
A wealth of work is being done on good skills support, and we in the UK Government want to work with the Northern Ireland Executive to continue to provide support in that area.
A reliable, bespoke skills offering is essential to futureproof Northern Ireland’s key growth sectors.
I call the shadow Minister.
The Minister talks about growth, but the Mid South West region growth deal, which was paused by this Government, now lies inactive with no direction, and there are reports that much-needed private sector business involvement is now withdrawing.
Will the Minister accept that this Government’s handling and pausing of these growth deals was haphazard?
Will she apologise to the people affected and enter urgent direct talks with businesses to get this deal back off the ground?
The Secretary of State and I are in constant talks about such deals and with the deal providers.
I know the value of these deals not just to the regions affected, but across Northern Ireland.
However, the Government face a £22 billion black hole, and it is right that the Treasury considers all options on the table to address that.
We will find out more in the Budget next week.
The Mid South West and the Causeway Coast and Glens growth deals are being considered as part of  the spending review, and the Government will continue to work closely with the deals’ partners and the Executive.
The Secretary of State and I will continue to underline the importance of these deals to my ministerial colleagues in the Treasury.
I call the leader of the Democratic Unionist party.
We look forward to a positive conclusion to those discussions next week.