I  will ensure that the hon.
Lady gets a meeting with  the Minister.[Official Report,  21 November 2024 ; Vol.
757, c. 4WC.] (
Correction)
The Government have delivered on their manifesto commitment to introduce the Employment Rights Bill.
It includes a historic fair pay agreement for care workers, which will benefit all those who care for older and disabled adults such as those in my constituency.
Does the Deputy Prime Minister agree that care workers deserve pay and conditions that match the amazing work they do to support our loved ones to have a fulfilling life?
I welcome my hon.
Friend to her place.
As a biased former care worker, I will always champion carers and the complex quality and professional work that they do.
I absolutely agree that care workers deserve the pay and conditions to match their enormous contribution to our community.
I am proud to say that we are delivering that fair pay agreement that will give carers the recognition that they deserve, and I will ensure that those carers are able to deliver the best possible care to our loved ones.
Last month, a widely reported study from Aston Business School showed that UK goods exports to the EU are 27% down, and imports are 32% lower than they would otherwise have been, thanks to the Conservatives’ failed Brexit deal.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister tell me what steps the Government are taking as part of their reset with the EU to cut Brexit red tape for small businesses, to help our economy get growing again?
I welcome the hon.
Member to his place.
He is right to advocate for small businesses, which are the backbone of our economy.
This Government are turning the page on the relationship with Europe, reinvigorating alliances and forging new partnerships rather than reopening the divisions of the past.
We will improve the UK’s trade and investment relationship with the EU, tearing down unnecessary barriers to trade.
That will not involve rejoining the single market and customs union or introducing freedom of movement, but we will make that relationship better.
Some 27,000 people in the Cities of London and Westminster live in the private rented sector.
After 14 years of neglect and delay, they face damp and mould in their homes, and risk no-fault evictions and out-of-the-blue rent hikes.
Does the Deputy Prime Minister agree that the Renters’ Rights Bill currently in Committee will transform the lives of private renters and finally rebalance power between tenants and landlords?
I welcome my hon.
Friend to her place.
I am incredibly proud of the Renters’ Rights Bill that we are pushing through Parliament, because too many renters are being exploited by a minority of unscrupulous landlords, unable to challenge bad practices because they could be evicted at any moment. [
Interruption.]
Opposition Members chunter, but they promised the electorate that and failed to deliver.
We will deliver.
Communities across the country, including in Bedfordshire, recently experienced widespread flooding.
The village of Maulden in my constituency has experienced an increase in flooding following cumulative housing development.
As the Deputy Prime Minister requires communities across the country to build more homes, will she also ensure that those new developments do not increase the flooding risk?
I welcome the hon.
Member to his place.
We recognise the devastating impact that flooding can have.
I know that the flooding Minister visited Bedfordshire in September to meet volunteers and residents.
We inherited flood defences in disrepair and behind schedule.
We have launched the floods resilience taskforce, and when it comes to the planning reforms needed to deliver the 1.5 million homes this country needs, we will ensure that the right infrastructure is in place and that communities are resilient.
Zoe’s Place, in the West Derby area of Liverpool, is a hospice that provides support to sick children and their families.
It has been threatened with closure and has to find £5 million by the end of the year.