Gentleman is aware, Northern Ireland pet owners will not face any checks and will not be required to hold a pet travel document.
In discussing this matter, there is an obligation on him and all of us to ensure that we present the facts, so that people are not unnecessarily troubled.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
The Executive’s draft programme for government acknowledges that policing numbers in Northern Ireland are at an all-time low, a situation that Chief Constable Boutcher has described as dangerous.
The draft programme commits to increasing numbers in line with New Decade, New Approach.
Is the Secretary of State convinced that the budget sustainability plan is sufficient to achieve that aim?
Order.
I am not sure that fits with the question.
I was intending to ask a supplementary to Question 4.
Well, I think we will wait then.
Let us move on.
I call Dr Lauren Sullivan.
Question 4, Mr Speaker. [
Laughter.]
Whether he has had discussions with the Northern Ireland Executive on the budget sustainability plan.
Whether he has had discussions with the Northern Ireland Executive on the budget sustainability plan.
Whether he has had discussions with the Northern Ireland Executive on the budget sustainability plan.
Where were we, Mr Speaker?
I welcome the publication of the Northern Ireland Executive’s budget sustainability plan—a positive and necessary step towards sustainable public finances—and the Chief Secretary to the Treasury has agreed with the Northern Ireland Finance Minister that discussions over a long-term fiscal framework for Northern Ireland can now begin.
Does the Secretary of State agree that to ensure sustainable finances the Northern Ireland Executive need to take steps to reform the NHS and public services?
I share my hon.
Friend’s view.
As the House will be aware, people in Northern Ireland face the longest waiting lists in the whole United Kingdom, and all Governments, including the Northern Ireland Executive, have to balance the money coming in and the funds that they can raise, and take decisions about public service reform.
I am very encouraged by the recent event organised by the Northern Ireland Health Minister, which Dr Bengoa, who produced a report on reform in Northern Ireland, returned to Northern Ireland to attend, because there is now a commitment to take forward that process.
What impact does the Secretary of State think that the UK leaving the European convention on human rights would have on the sustainability of Northern Ireland’s finances and devolved government?
Given that the European convention on human rights is one of the foundations of the Good Friday agreement, I am frankly astonished that anyone who aspires to lead His Majesty’s Opposition should suggest that our country should leave the ECHR.
It would be utterly irresponsible.
I commend all those who worked to re-establish devolved government earlier this year at Stormont.
It is now vital that the Northern Ireland Executive ensure that they have sustainable finances.
Does the Secretary of State agree that revenue raising by the Northern Ireland Executive has an important part to play in delivering financial sustainability and stability to Northern Ireland?
I do.
Indeed, raising £113 million was part of the deal that the last Government put in place as part of the £3.3 billion package that led to the restoration—well, that followed the restoration of the Executive.
That includes delivering a balanced budget in the current year, and I am very encouraged by the statements of the Northern Ireland Finance Minister in that regard.
The budget sustainability plan is commendable, but does the Secretary of State agree that our public services are in crisis?
Our roads are crumbling, we have the longest health waiting lists in the whole of the UK, and our schools need investment.
Northern Ireland needs to be in receipt of a fair long-term funding allocation, based on Treasury needs.