It is disgraceful that the last Conservative Government left our seas and waterways in such as state, and it is notable that Water UK continuously blames the regulator for not allowing it to raise prices in order to invest further in our system.
Will the Secretary of State make sure that we assess the value extracted by the water companies?
They have taken billions of pounds in profits and hundreds of millions in bonuses.
We need to make sure that future investment adds value and does not take it away.
I thank my hon.
Friend for her comments.
Unfortunately, customers have been left to pay the price of 14 years of Conservative failure to secure investment in our water infrastructure, so it has collapsed to such an extent that Ofwat now recommends eye-watering bill increases.
Every penny of that is down to the failure of the Conservative party.
Our reset will ensure that that kind of catastrophic failure can never happen again.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I am grateful to the Secretary of State for advance sight of his statement.
To a large degree, I welcome it—or at least the intention behind it—but water companies dumped 54% more sewage into our lakes, rivers and coastal areas in 2023 than in the previous year.
That amounts to 464,000 spills, including many in the lakes and rivers  of Westmorland.
My constituency is the most beautiful part of England and also the wettest, so water is deeply personal to us.
Does the Secretary of State understand my worry that we might have gone from having a Conservative Government who would not face up to this outrage or tackle it, to having a new Labour Administration who have acknowledged this outrage and decisively resolved to have a jolly good think about it?
While Thames Water crumbles as we speak and water companies seek bill increases of 40%, despite such poor performance across the country, does he really think that having a commission is necessary, given the urgent need for action?
We have a fragmented, under-resourced and under-powered regulatory system, which allows powerful water companies to play regulators off against each other while our constituents pay the price.
Is the solution not obvious?
As the Liberal Democrats propose, we should create a new, unified and far more powerful clean water authority.
Does the Secretary of State share my deep concern that the current regulator has to give 25 years’ notice in order to strip a water company of its licence for environmental failure?
Will he ensure that this ludicrous protection for failing companies should be replaced by a six-month period of notice instead?
We are already more than 5% of the way through this Parliament, and this issue is one of our constituents’ most pressing concerns.
Do we have to drag our heels like this?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his comments.
He is absolutely right to point out that last year we saw the highest levels of sewage ever recorded in our rivers, lakes and seas.
No wonder the public are so angry, including in his constituency.
Tragically, Lake Windermere, an iconic and beautiful site, has been polluted with sewage and agricultural run-off because of the failures of the previous Government.
I have taken action already.
We had a reset moment just seven days after the general election, when we carried out within a week things that the Conservatives failed to do in 14 years in power.
The Water (Special Measures) Bill is going through the Houses of Parliament right now to ban the payment of unfair bonuses to water bosses.
The commission, led by Sir Jon Cunliffe, will look at the entire sector—root and branch—including governance and regulation, which the hon.
Gentleman points to.