We have launched the floods resilience taskforce, and when it comes to the planning reforms needed to deliver the 1.5 million homes this country needs, we will ensure that the right infrastructure is in place and that communities are resilient.
Zoe’s Place, in the West Derby area of Liverpool, is a hospice that provides support to sick children and their families.
It has been threatened with closure and has to find £5 million by the end of the year.
Does the Deputy Prime Minister agree that such hospices need to be on a statutory footing and not reliant on charitable funding?
The hospice situation in this country has faced significant challenges because of the 14 years of devastation under the Conservatives.
The Health Secretary has already raised these issues and knows that this is of importance; I will make sure that my hon.
Friend gets to meet him.
The Deputy Prime Minister will know that my constituency, and Lincolnshire as a whole, is the breadbasket of Britain, producing 12% of the food consumed across the entire nation, including 30% of the vegetables and 20% of the sugar beet.
That is because of the grade 1 and 2 land in Lincolnshire, yet Lincolnshire faces an invasion of giant pylons down the east coast and huge solar developments.
Will she meet a delegation of colleagues from Lincolnshire and nearby, including my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Louth and Horncastle (Victoria Atkins) , my hon.
Friend  the Member for Sleaford and North Hykeham (Dr Johnson)  and the Father of the House, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Gainsborough (Sir Edward Leigh) , so that we can establish that energy security must never be a competitor with food security?
I thank the right hon.
Member for his question.
He knows that we launched a consultation on the national planning policy framework.
We will protect agricultural land, we will ensure that we have renewable energy so we have energy security in this country, and we will get Britain building again.
With permission, Mr Speaker, I would like to update the House on the action that this Government are taking to fundamentally transform our water industry and clean up our waterways for good.
Fourteen years of Conservative failure have left our water sector in disrepair.
The rivers, lakes and seas that we all love have record levels of pollution.
Severe droughts are set to leave parts of the country facing significant water shortages by 2050, particularly in the south-east, and water companies forecast that England will need to find an extra 5 billion litres of water a day to fill the gap between supply and demand by that same year.
A rising population and the increasing impacts of climate change are putting strain on the water system.
Firmer action should have been taken by the previous Government to ensure that money was invested to fix the water and sewerage system.
Instead, they allowed that money to be siphoned off for bonuses while our water infrastructure crumbled.
A secure water supply is essential for every home and business throughout the country.
It is the foundation of our economy, our communities and our global security.
It is essential to life itself.
We use water to cool power stations, and it is vital to our electricity supply.
We use water to grow the crops that provide the food on our plate, and we use it to supply our leisure industries.
Without a resilient water supply, we cannot build the new homes and critical infrastructure that we need to grow the economy.
Concerns about pollution, water shortages, bill increases and the sector’s financial resilience all point to the need for profound change.
The water sector needs a complete reset, with a reformed water sector working in partnership with Government to bring in the investment we need.