The Secretary of State went to the international summit with the First and Deputy First Ministers and they are all working together on this.
The Ballymena bus manufacturer, Wrightbus, recently signed a deal worth £100 billion to supply more than 1,000 buses to Go-Ahead.
That shows real business confidence in Northern Ireland.
We are also focusing on the skills gap.
I have met wonderful skills providers across Northern Ireland to talk about how we can get people into well-paid jobs and to achieve faster growth.
It is an honour to make my maiden speech, particularly on this critically important debate on the infected blood scandal.
I ask the House to allow me a temporary shift in tone, so that I can celebrate the community that sent me here.
Like many hon.
Members’ constituencies, the constituency I have the privilege to represent, Leeds North West, is a new seat with a long history.
I am sure most Members know where Leeds is, but I describe it as being right at the heart of the UK.
I am deeply grateful to the thousands of voters who have put their trust in me, and as I said on election night, regardless of how they voted, I am determined to represent and serve our community in this place.
I begin by paying tribute to my immediate predecessors, both of whom are still Members of this House.
I thank  the right hon.
Member for Daventry (Stuart Andrew)  for being gracious and friendly and for his commitment to our community, especially Guiseley, and I thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Leeds Central and Headingley (Alex Sobel)  and his fantastic team for their commitment to our community and to tackling climate change.
I also pay tribute to those who came before: Greg Mulholland, Paul Truswell and the late Harold Best, who all have a continued presence in the constituency.
Those esteemed gentlemen have all fought for our communities, and I am honoured to stand on their shoulders, but I say “gentlemen” for good reason: I am proud to be the first woman ever to represent Leeds North West, the place where I was born and raised, as were my parents before me.
Seeing more women elected to Parliament than ever before matters.
It matters to the women and girls across our communities—to Alice in Otley, Navdeeb in Adel and Chloe in Horsforth.
We have not had enough female MPs in my home city, but we are making up for lost time.
Leeds now boasts the first female Chancellor ever, so there is progress, friends, progress.
Leeds North West has an incredible history.
The stunning Norman church in Adel dates back to the 12th century; it is where my parents were married, where I was christened, and where my grandfather lies at rest.
Further west is Otley Chevin.
Members may not yet have had the chance to visit Otley Chevin, but we would not be here without it.
The stone from the Chevin provided the foundations for this very Parliament when it was rebuilt in the 1840s.
It should not be a surprise that it is Yorkshire that keeps this House grounded.
In Leeds North West, our feet are always planted firmly on that bedrock, but our eyes remain on the horizon, ready to embrace the future.
Our constituency  is a vibrant hub of entrepreneurship and creativity, a legacy that continues to thrive today.
Abraham Moon in Guiseley, a fabric company established in 1837, still supplies international fashion houses today, while EMIS—which began in the 1980s in Horsforth—now flourishes in beautiful Rawdon as the leading provider of data support to the NHS.
We are home to West Yorkshire’s only airport, Leeds Bradford, and I was pleased to meet with Jet2’s chief executive officer Steve just this week to discuss how the aviation sector can innovate to decarbonise.