This Labour Government were elected—[Interruption.]
Order.
Dr Evans, you have got a sore neck; I wish a little that it was your throat.
Tory Members do not like to hear it, but this Labour Government were elected to end the Tory chaos, and that is exactly what we are doing, with £600 more in the pockets of insecure workers, 30,000 new dads given paternity leave and 10 million working people better off.
While their so-called leadership candidates argue about what went wrong, this Labour Government are getting on with rebuilding Britain.
I, like many MPs, have heard many heart-rending stories of constituents who have had poor end-of-life support.
Had palliative care been available alongside an end-of-life plan, their experiences could have been so different.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister agree to set up a commission for palliative and end-of-life care, so that everyone can access the very best support when terminally ill and have a peaceful and dignified death, and will she meet to discuss that?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising what is an emotive subject for Members on both sides of the House.
From my work in this area   before I was in this place, I know what incredible work this is, and what an honour it is to be there for somebody at the end of their life.
Discussions have begun on how to improve access to palliative and end-of-life care, and I will ensure that my hon.
Friend gets a meeting with the relevant Minister to discuss this issue.
I call the deputy leader of the Liberal Democrats.
May I associate myself and the Liberal Democrats with the Deputy Prime Minister’s remarks about Chris Hoy, and about all those involved in the train crash?
Our NHS is bracing itself for a winter crisis.
One of the causes of the winter crisis every year is that there are thousands of people in hospitals who are fit to go home, but who cannot be discharged because there are not the care workers in place to enable people to recover at home or in a care home.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister consider the Liberal Democrats’ idea of an NHS winter taskforce to winter-proof our NHS, end the cycle of the winter crisis, and put to an end the scandal of hospital patients paying the price of the social care crisis left by the Conservatives?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her comments, and I share her desire to ensure that care workers are given the respect and importance that they deserve.
They are critical to solving the problems in our national health service.
The Labour party will create a national care service, and we are launching our first ever fair pay agreement for care professionals to boost recruitment and retention.
We must get the NHS back on its feet after the disaster of the Conservatives, and my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor will have more to say on that in the Budget.
I thank the Deputy Prime Minister for her answer.
We stand ready, as a party of constructive opposition, to work with the Government to fix our social care system.
However, a measure that could make it harder for us to keep the carers that we so desperately need would be an increase in employers’ national insurance contributions.
Were that measure to go ahead, it would affect millions of small businesses, including 18,000 small care providers.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister assure the House that nothing in the Budget will make it harder for vulnerable people to access the care workers and the care that they desperately need?
Again, I will not speculate on the Budget, not least with the Chancellor sat beside me.
To reiterate what the Chancellor and the Prime Minister have said, this Budget will recognise that working people of this country and enterprise in this country have been hard-hit by 14 years of the Conservatives.