There were not that many women wearing trousers, but Marjorie did.
Majorie developed breast cancer, and most parents in the 1950s avoided talking to their children, but Marjorie showed them her mastectomy so they could understand.
She died at 43, the age I entered Parliament.
Majorie did things differently and her spirit lives on in me.
We have seen too much promise and too little delivery in recent years—endless debates about challenges, but a lack of energy for real solutions.
Politics should be about action, not just words.
The seeds of change can be seen within our communities.
As a Government, our role is to water them and create the conditions for them to flourish.
Leeds North West is willing to play its role in full.
We have the leaders, we have the ideas and we have the “get stuff done” attitude that personifies Yorkshire—like the students I met recently at Ralph Thoresby and Green Meadows or the cadets in my constituency, who are ambitious about the difference we can make; like the Horsforth shed set up a couple of years ago by ex-teachers based on the national men’s shed model and supporting male mental health, but expanded to include many other vulnerable members of the community; like those from Otley 2030 who decided they wanted to be a beacon of hope and created a living laboratory in the town to create climate friendly and sustainable solutions where people and nature thrive; and like Brian who, after a death in Morrisons car park in Guiseley, set up defibrillators all over the community so that lifesaving equipment is on hand and there is a network of community activists servicing them.
Let us not forget the gold medal Olympians in our community—the Brownlee brothers and the cyclist Tom Pidcock—who inspire us all with their dedication and achievements.
We are indeed a hotbed of world-class talent.
People in Leeds North West do not wait for change to come to them; they make it happen.
They are the doers and the problem solvers, and I will play my role in that same way.
I will champion the green agenda by focusing on practical solutions that carve a British path towards a successful green transition.
We will leverage our strengths, whether it is world-leading research, supporting our best business minds, or unlocking the public and private investment needed to turbocharge a green economy.
I will support the health of our community—mental health, physical health, community health—and I want to support our entrepreneurs and creativity to grow our region.
I promise to be a ferocious champion for my community, my beloved Yorkshire and our country, and I will do it with joy.
It may recently have become more fashionable across the pond, but I have been measuring with joy for years, and there is always space for a little more joy.
Finally, I promise to listen, learn and reflect.
No one has all the answers, but all of us have some of them.
I commit to working constructively and collectively.
I will endeavour to arrive with curiosity and non-judgment, because if we want to change the way we do things, we must start in this moment, in this place and with these actions.
I am really sorry to  hear the plight of Shropshire farmers.
We inherited the flood defence programme in disrepair, and thanks to  14 years of mismanagement and failure, communities are unprotected and families and businesses are  forced to pay the price.
We launched a flood defence taskforce to turbocharge the delivery and co-ordination of flood defences, and we are investing £1.5 billion  this year to scale up flooding national resilience.
I  will ensure that the hon.
Lady gets a meeting with  the Minister.
The Secretary of State was asked—
Whether he has had discussions with the Northern Ireland Executive on recent trends in energy costs in Northern Ireland.
Although energy costs have come down, they remain too high.