I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
The budget sustainability plan highlights that Northern Ireland has been systemically underfunded, with the fiscal council estimating an annual shortfall of between £300 million and £400 million since 2022.
Meanwhile, the Northern Ireland Executive reported a £559 million overspend between 2022 and 2024.
What measures are the Government taking to address Northern Ireland’s immediate budgetary pressures, ensure long-term financial stability and equitable funding, and, crucially, guarantee sustainable public services?
In addition to the £3.3 billion package that followed the restoration of the Executive, the Executive gained £185 million in July when the main estimates were published.
In order to avoid having to repay the debt that the hon.
Member refers to, they have to put their finances on a sustainable path, deliver a balanced budget, and raise the additional £130 million revenue to which they committed when the deal was done.
The fiscal council’s view is that 124% is the right funding.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to remove barriers to trade between Northern Ireland and Great Britain.
The Government are committed to implementing the Windsor framework in good faith, and to protecting Northern Ireland’s place in the UK internal market.
We continue to take forward policies set out in “Safeguarding the Union”, including most recently the establishment of the independent monitoring panel and the publication of guidance under section 46 of the United Kingdom Internal Market Act 2020.
There is some concern regarding the supply of medicines to Northern Ireland.
The British Generic Manufacturers Association says that there is an “absurd situation” in which there will be shortages due to the bureaucracy of the “UK only” labelling required for medicines going into Northern Ireland.
The Government say that they are relaxed that the deadline will be met.
Is the Secretary of State relaxed about the continued supply of medicines coming into Northern Ireland?
It is really important that the medicines that are required continue to be supplied.
The industry has had quite a period in which to make arrangements to ensure that the labelling rules are met.
I hope that, in the time available, those companies that have not done so will do so.
What discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on implementing the Windsor framework labelling  requirements set out in his Department’s Command Paper entitled “Safeguarding the Union”, published on 31 January 2024.
Having carefully considered the results of the consultation with industry, the Government decided not to proceed with the introduction of mandatory “Not for EU” labelling in Great Britian from  1 October 2024 .
Instead, we will take the powers necessary to apply “Not for EU” labelling in the future, if that is required to secure supplies in Northern Ireland.
The result of the Northern Ireland protocol, signed by the previous Government, has been to create an economic border between Northern Ireland and Great Britain, and the imposition of EU law, which has created a problem for the supply of goods to Northern Ireland.
When in opposition, Labour supported the idea of food labelling as a way of avoiding an interruption in the supply of food goods from GB to Northern Ireland, so why have the Government reneged on that promise, and what will be the trigger for its imposition if needed?
The consultation on UK-wide labelling led the industry to say that such labelling would impose huge costs on industry, and therefore on consumers, through raised goods prices.
The aim is to ensure that goods are not delisted in Northern Ireland.
That is why we are taking a power to ensure that if there is any evidence of that happening, the labelling requirements set out in “Safeguarding the Union” can be applied, including on individual products on a sectoral basis.
I did not come back to Josh Newbury after Question 5, so he will ask his supplementary question now.