I thank the hon.
Member for her very important question.
I am sorry to hear about what Charlie and many other children with special educational needs have gone through.
We inherited a really dire situation and many Members across the House have raised this issue.
I am sure the Chancellor has heard what she has said about the upcoming Budget.
This morning we woke to more tragic news of deaths in the channel, something we are hearing far too often.
Just last month, we saw the death of a pregnant woman and children—children, Mr Speaker.
What are the Government doing to take on the evil smuggling gangs who are trading in human misery?
I thank my hon.
Friend and welcome him, and his expertise in the National Crime Agency, to this place.
He knows that we inherited an asylum system in chaos.
As he rightly says, these are people—women and children.
We are putting in place a credible plan to protect our borders and remove those with no right to be here by setting up our border security command, backed by £75 million of investment.
We are working with our international partners to target and disrupt the criminal smuggling gangs.
I call the Father of the House.
Will the Government please continue to work closely with me and West Lindsey district council to ensure that RAF Scampton is sold off in a timely fashion at a fair price, so that we secure the future of the runway, the spaceport and the heritage centre, rather than maximise value and cover it with housing?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman, the Father of the House, for his question.
My right hon.
Friend the Home Secretary is taking urgent action to clear the backlog of cases and reduce the use of asylum accommodation, saving millions for taxpayers.
I will ensure that he is kept fully updated as the Scampton decommissioning and disposal process is followed.
In my constituency, hundreds of leaseholders, tenants and shared owners are living in   properties with cladding and other defects.
Around the country, there are thousands.
Their lives are on hold.
Many are facing bankruptcy and delaying having children, unable to move.
We have had another change in ministerial responsibility.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister take a personal lead on keeping on top of this issue, as years since Grenfell people are still living in limbo and need some hope of change?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her important question.
Let me say from the outset that the pace of remediation has been too slow.
I do take a personal lead: seven years on from the Grenfell Tower tragedy, it is unacceptable that so many buildings still have unsafe cladding.
I am meeting developers, mayors, regulators and national building safety bodies to press the urgency of this work, and I will ensure that action is being taken to make homes safe.
Shropshire’s farmers have been suffering from flooding following 18 months of incredibly wet weather, topped off last Wednesday by a month’s worth of rain in 24 hours.
They were not eligible for the farming recovery fund, and a freedom of information request by  found that only £2.1 million of that £50 million has been handed out to farmers.
Will the Government consider extending the eligibility of that scheme so that we can keep farmers going when they are deluged by floodwater?
I am really sorry to  hear the plight of Shropshire farmers.
We inherited the flood defence programme in disrepair, and thanks to  14 years of mismanagement and failure, communities are unprotected and families and businesses are  forced to pay the price.
We launched a flood defence taskforce to turbocharge the delivery and co-ordination of flood defences, and we are investing £1.5 billion  this year to scale up flooding national resilience.
I  will ensure that the hon.
Lady gets a meeting with  the Minister.[Official Report,  21 November 2024 ; Vol.
757, c. 4WC.] (