Our constituency  is a vibrant hub of entrepreneurship and creativity, a legacy that continues to thrive today.
Abraham Moon in Guiseley, a fabric company established in 1837, still supplies international fashion houses today, while EMIS—which began in the 1980s in Horsforth—now flourishes in beautiful Rawdon as the leading provider of data support to the NHS.
We are home to West Yorkshire’s only airport, Leeds Bradford, and I was pleased to meet with Jet2’s chief executive officer Steve just this week to discuss how the aviation sector can innovate to decarbonise.
Should Members wish to stop for a bite to eat, they should look no further than the thriving bars and restaurants of vibrant Horsforth.
It is a constituency bursting with joyful community fairs and fetes, from Guiseley festival to Yeadon carnival and from Rawdon summer gala to the Arthington and Bramhope shows —that last one comes complete with a human fruit machine.
There is no stronger pride than Yorkshire pride, and our community spirit is a great source of strength.
However, as in many places, people are feeling overwhelmed and concerned about their future and that of their children and grandchildren.
Many of the people I have met on the doorstep also feel let down—let down by politicians and by the institutions they have put their trust in over decades.
The infected blood scandal is the most extreme and harrowing example of such systematic failure: people placed their trust in doctors and the Government to protect them, and that trust was betrayed.
I am proud that this Government and this Prime Minister will introduce a duty of candour law to prevent future cover-ups like the infected blood and Post Office scandals.
I also share deep concerns about the other great challenges facing our community.
Mental health figures are horrifying.
The Global Mind Project has revealed that the UK has the highest rate of mental distress in the world and ranks second worst in overall mental health.
People are working harder, yet getting unhealthier and unhappier, and of course, the climate and nature crisis looms.
We need things to change; the country voted for change, and it is change that propelled me into politics.
My journey began with the climate crisis.
We know that if we get it wrong, we face disaster—particularly for the most vulnerable among us—but if we get it right, we unlock enormous opportunities for our society.
In 2003, I joined the local Leeds branch of Friends of the Earth and launched a campaign for the UK’s first climate change Bill.
Everyone told me that it was impossible; that it was too ambitious and too radical.
There was no way that the Treasury would ever allow a carbon budget—but, friends, they did.
We turned that campaign into the fourth most supported campaign in Parliament’s history, with cross-party backing from Members across the House.
The last Labour Government turned that Bill into an Act in 2008, under my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Doncaster North (Ed Miliband) , whom I am honoured to be working with again.
Under this Act, Britain decarbonised faster than any other rich country.
This Act has now become a global benchmark adopted by other nations—and that, I say to my hon.
Friends, is what global leadership looks like.
Why am I sharing this?
It is because politics must be about real change or it is about nothing.
I want to serve our community, and improve our schools, healthcare   and public services.
When I think about change, I think about my grandmother, Marjorie Simms.
She challenged the status quo.
She lived in Horsforth in the1950s.
There were not that many women driving then, but Marjorie did.
There were not that many women wearing trousers, but Marjorie did.
Majorie developed breast cancer, and most parents in the 1950s avoided talking to their children, but Marjorie showed them her mastectomy so they could understand.
She died at 43, the age I entered Parliament.