Unfortunately, the hon.
Gentleman is referring to commitments to spend money that did not exist.
We are waiting for the Chancellor to announce her Budget from this Dispatch Box in almost exactly one week’s time, and we will find out much more then.
Last year, sewage was dumped 57 times along the precious coastline of my constituency—the equivalent of 594 hours of sewage spillages.
Our constituents are rightly disgusted by this state of affairs.
The Conservatives covered up this scandal for 14 years.
Will my right hon.
Friend tell me what this new Labour Government will do to hold companies to account?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question.
I had the pleasure of visiting Bournemouth West with her, and I saw for myself the impact on businesses and tourism in that part of the world.
Parents are frightened to let their kids go in the sea at certain times of day, when the water contamination has reached unacceptable levels.
The commission will look at how we can strengthen regulation and governance to ensure that the practices that water companies have got away with over recent years can no longer happen.
It will also look at how we can bring in the investment needed to repair our broken water infrastructure, so that we can drive economic growth in every part of the country, including, of course, in Bournemouth West.
The use of storm overflows in places such as Skegby in Ashfield is absolutely disgusting and it pollutes my rivers, so will the Secretary of State commit to giving the water companies a deadline for ending their use?
It will be for the commission to look at what we need to do to improve infrastructure and fix the broken system that we have at the moment.
We are making sure that every overflow has monitoring on it, so that we know exactly what is coming out of it.
We can therefore take action against the water companies that might be responsible.
In my constituency this week, as well as having sewage in our bathing waters, we have had sewage on the streets in Penryn.
The Conservative party cut funding to the regulator in 2015.
Will the Secretary of State please confirm that the review will completely reset the role of the regulator?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question.
I had the pleasure of visiting Truro and Falmouth during the election, and I saw for myself the problems there.
It is disgusting to see sewage bubbling up into the streets and even into some people’s back gardens because the sewage infrastructure is so broken after the previous Government failed for 14 years to bring in the investment necessary to upgrade it.
The commission will look at how we secure funding and get that infrastructure rebuilt at pace, so that we can improve the situation we are hearing about.
It will also look at regulation and the role of the regulator and make proposals as to how we can improve those, so that we have regulation that is fit for purpose.
In Kingsbridge, in my constituency, the residents are literally wading through sewage, which seeps out of the drains in heavy rain due to a mixture of increased sewage from new houses and ancient culverts that cannot cope.
I do not think that those residents will be encouraged by a review and a commission, which will not solve the problems they will face this winter.
Will the Minister  therefore meet me to discuss the particularly difficult and chronic problem in Kingsbridge?
We need to find a solution, because we have not had one for a long time and we desperately need to sort this out.
I have, of course, already taken action myself.