The Secretary of State and I will continue to underline the importance of these deals to my ministerial colleagues in the Treasury.
I call the leader of the Democratic Unionist party.
We look forward to a positive conclusion to those discussions next week.
As the Minister knows, both representatives from the Mid South West region growth deal and the Causeway Coast and Glens growth deal are in Westminster today.
Will the Minister acknowledge that, in working with businesses and in trying to encourage greater trade within our own country, the appointment of a chair of Intertrade UK was an important first step, but work needs to start, the terms of reference need to be set and businesses need to be able to engage with that body established to support trade within our country?
I agree with the right hon.
Member that Intertrade UK needs to get going with its work to encourage investment between all of the regions and nations of the UK.
It is very important to set the terms of reference, and we are working with the organisation as fast as we can now that the chair is in their place
I thank the Minister for her reply.
She will know from discussions with her Cabinet colleagues that decisions have been taken to delay the agreement on parcels, to delay the agreement on customs, and to avoid taking the decision on UK-wide labelling.
Myriad other decisions were also made and supported by this House, including Labour Members, that are required to be implemented from the “Safeguarding the Union” document.
She will know about the interface between trade and constitutional politics, so I urge her to engage with the Secretary of State, the Paymaster General and others within the Cabinet to get on and deliver what businesses and the people of Northern Ireland need?
We are not the only Ministers who came into office three months ago to have faced all sorts of decisions that should have been taken by the previous Government.
We have taken up those decisions on parcels and on every aspect that the right hon.
Member mentions.
He is right to raise them, because we do need to work on them to ensure that we protect the UK internal market and that we create the best possible regime for business.
What assessment he has made with Cabinet colleagues of the potential impact of the Windsor Framework (Non-Commercial Movement of Pet Animals) Regulations 2024 on people travelling with pets from Great Britain to Northern Ireland.
The statutory instrument for the Northern Ireland pet travel scheme has now been laid.
The scheme significantly reduces the requirements associated with   the original Northern Ireland protocol and provides a stable and long-term arrangement for those travelling with their pets within the UK.
When the grip of EU law controls even the movement of our pets within the United Kingdom, is it not clear that we have gone far too far in regarding Northern Ireland as EU territory?
For that is the reason for this absurd regulation, which, at the behest of the EU, imposes pet passports if a person wants to bring their pet from GB to Northern Ireland.
There is no point the Secretary of State saying that it could have been worse; they should not exist at all.
When will this Government get the EU off our backs and liberate  the people of Northern Ireland and our pets from  EU diktat?
As I hope the hon.
Gentleman is aware, Northern Ireland pet owners will not face any checks and will not be required to hold a pet travel document.
In discussing this matter, there is an obligation on him and all of us to ensure that we present the facts, so that people are not unnecessarily troubled.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.