Why do this Government have such a problem with aspiration?
The hon.
Member might not have been in this place—I welcome him to his place now—in the last Parliament, but it was his Government who left the £22 billion black hole, his Government who left us with the biggest housing crisis, his Government  who crashed the economy and his Government who saw inflation go to 11%, where pensioners were worse off than they are now.
I watched in horror and condemned the act of 7 October by the terrorist group Hamas.
A year later, I watch in horror as 42,000 people are killed in Gaza, 11,000 of them children.
People have been burned alive attached to drips, aid workers have been killed and now families are starving.
Our right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister has said that the world will not stand by and see the lack of humanitarian assistance.
If the Israeli Government will not listen to our Prime Minister’s words, what tangible, measurable actions will we take as the UK Government?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this serious and important issue.
The humanitarian situation in northern Gaza is dire.
We need an immediate ceasefire, much more aid allowed to flow in and an immediate release of all the hostages.
We have suspended UK export licences to Israel for items that might be used in the current conflict.
The Government have concluded that there is a clear risk that items exported to Israel might be used in serious violations of international humanitarian law in Gaza.
That does not change our position of steadfast support for Israel’s security, but we will always do so in a manner consistent with our obligations under domestic and international law.
Our child protection services have had to deal with a number of cases where parents and carers have argued that their fatal actions were lawful punishment.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister bring forward legislation bringing the rest of our country into line with Scotland and Wales, so that all children enjoy unambiguous protection in law against violence?
The hon.
Gentleman raises a very important point.
I will ensure that the Minister has a meeting with him.
The first job of any Government is to protect their citizens and that includes our children.
We will make sure we work across the House to deliver that.
Last Friday was International Menopause Day and the Government announced Mariella Frostrup as the new menopause employment ambassador.
Mariella will be working across Whitehall to ensure every Department recognises the need to support women through their menopausal years.
Hopefully, the Deputy Prime Minister will join me in celebrating that appointment, and confirm that this Government will do all they can to keep menopausal women happy, healthy and wonderful.
Absolutely, and I thank my hon.
Friend for all her work in this area.
This Government will boost protections for women experiencing menopause symptoms at work and I am proud that we have appointed Mariella Frostrup as the new menopause employment ambassador.
She is a powerful champion who will work with employers across the country to  raise awareness and improve workplace support for women, and help them to stay in work and progress in their careers.
Charlie from my constituency is an eight-year-old boy with an autism diagnosis who has been out of school for almost a year.
He is one of 1,800 children in Surrey missing school because of a lack of appropriate special educational needs provision.
Will the Government commit to ending this scandal by properly funding special educational needs provision in next week’s Budget, so that children like Charlie, in my constituency of Esher and Walton and beyond, are no longer let down?
I thank the hon.
Member for her very important question.
I am sorry to hear about what Charlie and many other children with special educational needs have gone through.