The aim is to ensure that goods are not delisted in Northern Ireland.
That is why we are taking a power to ensure that if there is any evidence of that happening, the labelling requirements set out in “Safeguarding the Union” can be applied, including on individual products on a sectoral basis.
I did not come back to Josh Newbury after Question 5, so he will ask his supplementary question now.
Businesses in my constituency tell me that they face increased red tape and costs when importing from or exporting to Northern Ireland.
Can the Secretary of State confirm that he is committed to unfettered access for goods moving from Northern Ireland to Great Britian?
I certainly can confirm that, and it is set out in the United Kingdom Internal Market Act 2020.
What discussions he has had with the Northern Ireland Executive on violence against women and girls in Northern Ireland.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on her new role as leader of the Social Democratic and Labour party, and I thank her for raising this important issue.
Seven women and girls have been killed violently in Northern Ireland this year alone.
That is devastating.
I have discussed the importance of action on violence against women and girls with the First Minister and the Deputy First Minister, and I welcome the Northern Ireland Executive making it a priority in their programme for Government, as well as the new strategic framework.
Mary Ward in my constituency became the fourth woman to be murdered in just six weeks in Northern Ireland.
It remains one of the most dangerous places in Europe to be a woman, with a femicide rate twice that of Britain.
We need to think deeply about the type of society that we have created, and that is manifesting in this way.
The recent publication of the Northern Ireland strategy on violence against women was overdue and very welcome.
Does the Minister agree that the funding and human resources attached to that strategy must be proportionate to the urgency and the deep roots of the issue?
Will she support the Executive as they review the sentencing and judicial processes that are contributing to these very preventable deaths?
My thoughts are with the family and friends, and all those affected by the murder of Mary Ward.
Every woman deserves to feel safe.
There is what has been called an epidemic of violence against women and girls in Northern Ireland.
I join my hon.
Friend in welcoming the new strategy.
We need stronger action by the justice system and more support for frontline services in order to tackle harassment wherever it is—in homes, schools, workplaces, and on our streets.
We need to challenge and change misogynistic attitudes and behaviours.
That will need urgent action, and us working together, and this Government stand ready to do that.
Whether he has had discussions with the Police Service of Northern Ireland on its use of surveillance powers.
I meet regularly with the Chief Constable and his team to discuss a range of issues.
While the Chief Constable has operational independence, the Investigatory Powers Commissioner’s Office provides oversight of those powers to ensure that their use is necessary, proportionate and in accordance with the law.
At a recent hearing of the Investigatory Powers Tribunal, it became apparent that the Northern Ireland police force had been caught surveilling journalists’ telephones on the basis that they had received secret documents from whistleblowers.
The reason for the secrecy of those documents was to cover up the embarrassment of the Royal Ulster Constabulary about its handling of the Loughinisland massacre.
Will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss the future use of surveillance powers by the Northern Ireland police?
I am indeed aware of the background to this case.
The original search warrants were quashed and the police investigation was discontinued.
As the right hon.