More broadly, I worry that we have allowed our media—critical national infrastructure for our democracy—to fall between the cracks.
Our Defending Democracy Taskforce looks only at electoral concerns, and the National Security and Investment Act 2021 deals with 17 sectors, none of which is the media.
We therefore have no protections against this sort of situation.
I have four questions that I hope the Minister will at least attempt to answer—I appreciate the restrictions that are in place.
First, are there any examples from around the world of a nation with differing media values, to put it politely, acquiring the newspaper of another country?
Secondly, will the Government commit to a national security investigation of these purchases?
Thirdly, do the Government not recognise that their intervention in the United Arab Emirates’ purchase of Vodafone sets a precedent allowing them to intervene in this case?
Finally, will they look either to extend the  Defending Democracy Taskforce or those 17 sectors, to ensure that we can protect our media?
We are dealing with something that will make us vulnerable not for five or 10 years, but for the rest of our lives, and we cannot afford for our media to be undermined.
I thank my hon.
Friend for her questions.
As she is aware, a public interest intervention notice has been issued in this case, which means that I am not able to speak to a number of the points that will likely be raised.
However, powers under the Enterprise Act 2002 allow us to look into acquisitions of this nature and to examine issues of media freedom of expression.
We also have powers under the National Security Act 2023; the Cabinet Office has a role there.
That will allow the Culture Secretary to look at some of the questions that my hon.
Friend raises.
There will now be an investigation by not only the Competition and Markets Authority, but Ofcom, which will look into all these questions in great detail.
That will allow the Secretary of State to make a judgment on what action she takes next.
There may potentially be a longer investigation, after which she could be offered particular remedies, or could prevent a transaction.
However, at this stage, I cannot speculate on what action she is likely to take.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
I am frustrated with the Minister.
I want to thank her for her answer, but frankly, it was not an answer.
The hon.
Member for Rutland and Melton (Alicia Kearns) , the Chair of the Select Committee on Foreign Affairs, asked perfectly reasonable questions, which did not go into the specifics and zoomed out to the general, yet we still have no answers.
A strong and independent free press is a cornerstone of democracy.
We have a long history of that in the UK; The Spectator is the oldest magazine in the world.
It is the responsibility of Government, regardless of their political persuasion or the newspaper under discussion, to safeguard the freedom to scrutinise, to expose wrongdoing and to speak truth to power.
We on these Benches recognise the legitimate public interest concerns raised over the proposed acquisition of the Telegraph Media Group, including about the accurate presentation of news, free expression of opinion in newspapers and the competition issues.
I welcome the fact that the Government have asked further questions, and I await the conclusions of the investigations by the Competition and Markets Authority and Ofcom in full.
But The Telegraph has been up for sale for months—the Secretary of State issued her first public interest intervention notice on  30 November .
This process is ongoing.
Employees at The Telegraph and The Spectator have been left in limbo, and senior journalists have expressed significant concerns.
Can the Minister tell the House why the Secretary of State has granted an extension to the deadline by which she expects to receive reports from Ofcom and the CMA in relation to the PIIN?