The only political solution must be the elimination of Hamas and the release of the hostages.
That is why the Government have made it clear that calls for a ceasefire on its own will simply not work.
First, Israel absolutely has the right of self-defence, to address and deal with the cause of the terrible events of  7 October .
Secondly, Hamas have made it absolutely clear that they do not want a ceasefire; they want to replicate the events that took place on  7 October .
I call the shadow Foreign Secretary.
For a decade now, the Labour party has supported Palestinian recognition.
As my right hon.
and learned Friend  the Member for Holborn and St Pancras (Keir Starmer)  has said,
“statehood is not in the gift of a neighbour.
It is the inalienable right of the Palestinian people.”
I welcome the Foreign Secretary adopting that position and rejecting the notion that recognition can only follow the conclusion of negotiations.
After the unacceptable comments by Prime Minister Netanyahu, does the Prime Minister agree that no country has a veto over the UK’s decision to recognise Palestine?
I can tell the shadow Foreign Secretary that we will pursue the policy that we think is right.
The Foreign Secretary set out clearly in his remarks last night the importance of a credible route to a Palestinian state and a new future.
In respect of the conversations that the Foreign Secretary will have had last week with Prime Minister Netanyahu, I cannot trade the details across the House, but I can tell the right hon.
Gentleman that the Foreign Secretary will have represented the British position with Prime Minister Netanyahu, whom he knows very well, with great accuracy.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
Palestinian recognition is an inalienable right, not a privilege to be conferred by others.
Although I was pleased to hear the Foreign Secretary say last night that the UK,
“with allies, will look at the issue of recognising a Palestinian state”,
I feel we have been here before, most notably in 2014.
Given Netanyahu’s categorical rejection of a Palestinian state, what are the next steps?
When will we hear about them, and how confident can we be that we will not be sitting here in another 10 years, wishing we had acted to prevent a genocide?
It is not easy to sustain the view that we have been here before—at least not to this extent.
The British Government’s policy has been clear on the recognition of the state of Palestine.
We are working extremely hard in the region and more widely internationally to secure a political track.
The hon.
Gentleman will recognise that that will be in the mix once that political track is able to start.
What steps his Department is taking to support developing countries with climate change adaptation.
We are committed to spending £1.5 billion on climate adaptation by 2025.
Extreme weather is already causing huge devastation, especially in the poorest communities across the world, who are also the least likely to find investors or to borrow from global financial institutions.
At COP28 there was a breakthrough, and a loss and damage fund has finally been established.
However, the money for the UK’s contribution will come from pre-existing climate finance commitments and the development budget.
Should the Government, in the spirit of what the loss and damage fund represents, not establish a new, ringfenced loss and damage budget that is not taken from other budgets?
We did support setting up the loss and damage fund at COP28 and we contributed specifically towards it.
However, it is important that loss and damage does not draw from the same donors and the same official development assistance budgets as other development.
It has to be different.