The Foreign Secretary last night added some further words to that commitment, but that is the commitment of the British Government.
Last night the Foreign Secretary indicated that the UK Government will consider recognising the Palestinian state in order
“to give the Palestinian people a political horizon so that they can see that there is going to be irreversible progress to a two-state solution”.
Can the Minister explain how that is possible when both the Israeli National Security Minister and the Finance Minister have advocated using the ongoing war as an opportunity to permanently resettle Palestinians from Gaza and establish Israeli settlements there, and the Israeli Prime Minister has openly said he is proud to have prevented the establishment of a Palestinian state?
The Foreign Secretary was making it clear that we need a credible route to a Palestinian state and the offer of a new future.
It is very important to lift people’s eyes to the possibilities once a political track is established.
I point out to the hon.
Gentleman that progress has been made.
Progress that was made at Oslo took place on the back of appalling events when people reached for a political solution.
The same is true of what followed the second intifada.
The aim of the British Government is to get a sustainable ceasefire and move to that political track.
My right hon.
Friend’s comments about a big leap forward are noble—I recognise that—but as long as Hamas, who believe not in a two-state solution but in killing and raping Jews, cling on in Gaza; as Fatah is barely able to control the west bank; and as Israel is still in trauma, still trying to get 130 hostages, including babies, back from Gaza, what does he think that talk about early recognition of Palestinian statehood can achieve?
I recognise the voracity of what my right hon.
Friend says, but there is no change in the policy.
He is right that Hamas must agree to the release of all hostages, that Hamas can no longer be in charge of Gaza, and that we need an agreement to provide governance, service and security there, which will involve the Palestinian Authority.
The Foreign Secretary, in his meetings with President Abbas last week, sought to advance that agenda.
On Sunday, a third of Knesset Members attended a conference calling for the return of settlements to Gaza and to the north of the occupied west bank.
Some of those Members have also asked for a voluntary migration of Palestinians from Gaza, with Israel taking over control.
Does the Minister agree that that is not in the best interests of Israel and that there should be a return to the pre-1967 borders, with both countries working together to maintain peace in the interests of their citizens?
Yes, I do.
The only viable long-term pathway is a two-state solution based on 1967 lines, with Jerusalem as a shared capital, that guarantees security and stability for both Israelis and Palestinians.
Surely the only political objective in Gaza is inextricably linked to the security objectives, because the grim reality is that Hamas do not seek a ceasefire, and Israel cannot be reasonably expected to pursue one with a group who actively seek its destruction, not least the commitment made by a senior Hamas official, Ghazi Hamad, who recently said:
“We must teach Israel a lesson, and we will do this again and again”,
and that the  7 October  massacre was
“just the first time, and there will be a second, a third, a fourth.”
The only political solution must be the elimination of Hamas and the release of the hostages.
That is why the Government have made it clear that calls for a ceasefire on its own will simply not work.
First, Israel absolutely has the right of self-defence, to address and deal with the cause of the terrible events of  7 October .