She is also not permitted to take into account any political or presentational concerns in her deliberations, and we would not wish to cause there to be any chink of light here that would leave the process open to judicial review.
That leaves me in an unenviable position: I face understandable expert probing by hon.
Members, to whom I can offer no answer beyond what is in the public domain.
However, this urgent question is as much an opportunity for hon.
Members to make their concerns clear and their views known, as it is an opportunity for me to answer them.
So I say: be heard, loud and clear.
Straight after this urgent question, I will take the Media Bill through its remaining stages and make the case for that legislation in broad terms.
I will argue that a free media, not interfered with by Government or indeed Governments, able to articulate and reflect a broad range of views, free to speak and create, and able to project to the world what democracy, a plurality of views and debate truly mean, is something important that we should value.
In many respects, it underpins  what we mean by a free society.
Of course, we all know that; it is something that we repeat, automaton-like, in a way that risks giving rise to complacency.
However, as I watch the actions of authoritarian states in these times of turbulence; as I see western democracies in a knot of angst over our values; and as I see our populations question, from the safety of these shores, whether our values still matter, I am reminded of the need to make that case again and again.
I cannot speak to the specific media ownership question—I know hon.
Members will understand that, and will help me keep within the tramlines—but I can speak about media freedom; the need for media to be separate from political and Government interference; the importance of a British voice, domestically and internationally; and the pride we can feel in media institutions, such as those in the Telegraph Media Group, some of which date back two centuries and drove changes in this nation as profound as the Great Reform Act.
To this day, those who write for those institutions ask questions of us all with a rare inquisitiveness and preoccupation with truth. [
Interruption.]
I shall finish shortly.
I will be hearing—
Order.
Please do not tell me what you are going to do.
I am in charge of the time.
You are way over, and I expect you now to finish quickly.
I apologise, Mr Speaker, for over-speaking.
I will listen to the points made, in the broadest of terms, and I suspect that I may agree with many of them.
Thank you for granting this important urgent question, Mr Speaker.
The Minister hits the nail on the head when she says that this is about freedom from Government interference, although it is quite something for us to start this urgent question knowing that we will get no answer to any of our questions.
We have a proud tradition of a fiercely independent press in our country—a press who hold us to account in this place, and shine a light on misbehaviour and misdoings here and abroad.
Yet a paper of record, The Daily Telegraph, and The Spectator, the longest-running magazine in the world and my personal podcast of choice, will be purchased by a foreign state.
The concern here is about not foreign ownership, but foreign state ownership; in this situation, we cannot separate sheikh and state.
Those are our concerns.
More broadly, I worry that we have allowed our media—critical national infrastructure for our democracy—to fall between the cracks.
Our Defending Democracy Taskforce looks only at electoral concerns, and the National Security and Investment Act 2021 deals with 17 sectors, none of which is the media.
We therefore have no protections against this sort of situation.