Now that the Government have opted to halt funding to the UN Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees, how do they intend to ensure that the urgently needed humanitarian aid—as called for in the International Court of Justice ruling last week and which was central to the ruling—will continue to be delivered to the innocent men, women and children in Gaza, who must have a right to food?
As I set out, the Government’s highest immediate priority is to ensure that aid and humanitarian support get into Gaza.
We are relentlessly pursuing that objective.
I have set out where we are on UNRWA, but there is no immediate effect on the food that it seeks to deliver in Gaza today.
I understand that my noble Friend the Foreign Secretary will shortly be visiting India, our friend and key ally in the region.
Will the Minister set out what the Foreign Secretary will be aiming to achieve, particularly at a time when we are negotiating a free trade deal and building on the co-operation we already have?
Although I cannot comment in detail on future ministerial plans, I assure my hon.
Friend that the UK Government have a broad and deep partnership with the Government of India.
The Foreign Secretary has ambitions to further strengthen that relationship through trade and wider people-to-people relationships in defence, science and technology.
On  13 November , in his first bilateral meeting, the Foreign Secretary discussed some of these issues with External Affairs Minister Jaishankar.
I call the shadow Minister.
Access to critical minerals is vital as we face a climate and energy crisis, but this Government have repeatedly disregarded Latin America and ignored its potential.
Will the Minister commit to working with countries such as Chile, Brazil, Peru and Mexico to deliver these essential supplies for a green energy transition?
Both sides of the House agree that this is an important issue, and I can assure the hon.
Lady that we are working very hard.
I have raised the importance of critical minerals on my visits to all those countries, and not least on my recent visit to Bolivia.
By any measure our world is becoming more dangerous, not less.
I very much welcome Britain’s leadership and rekindled engagement on the international  stage, not least in Ukraine and the middle east.
Does the Minister agree that our foreign policy, our economy and, indeed, our security are interdependently related?
Given the deteriorating threat picture, would he like to see an increase in our defence posture?
My right hon.
Friend, the former Chairman of the Defence Committee, is absolutely right to focus on these threats.
The Foreign Secretary recently said that all the lights on the global dashboard are flashing red.
The Government know that the first duty of the state is to defend and protect its citizens from external aggression, and my right hon.
Friend may rest assured that that will continue to be our highest priority.
Tensions are soaring across the middle east after Washington vowed to respond to the drone attack by Iran-backed militants that killed three American soldiers.
Does the Minister share my concern that we may be dragged into another regional war at the Americans’ demand?
The American Government and the British Government have made it absolutely clear that they do not wish to see this conflict escalate more widely.
Equally, the hon.
Gentleman will accept that no country can accept with equanimity the appalling deaths of those American soldiers.
I call the Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee.
British citizen Vladimir Kara-Murza has been moved from a Siberian prison to an unknown location, having endured four months of isolation.
Why?
Because his voice of freedom is such a threat to Putin.
Vladimir has been poisoned twice and, under Russian law, should not even be in prison.
What progress has been made on locating Vladimir and getting him released, so that we do not see him die in prison?