I thank the hon.
Member for that question on an important subject close to the heart of several people in the Chamber.
I assure her that there is ongoing engagement with, of course, President Ali  in Guyana, but also all the regional players.
I have personally had conversations with Brazil, Colombia, the Commonwealth and the United States to keep the focus on that area, and Maduro’s plans at bay.
What assessment have the Government made of the threat to the future of the Baltic states if Putin is seen to succeed in seizing territory permanently from Ukraine?
The Baltic states are on the frontline, and we therefore take great pride in the enhanced forward presence in the Baltic states, which includes our magnificent men and women in Tapa.
That is part of our enduring physical presence to ensure that NATO has security on the ground.
The matter is sharply in focus.
As the death toll rises in Gaza, so does the misery of women and girls in the occupied territories.
I am increasingly concerned that aid is not getting to them.
The United Nations says that there is a chronic aid access problem, and that women are having caesarean sections without anaesthetic.
What is going on?
Is the aid not getting to them?
What steps is the Department taking to ensure that it does?
Tackling this is Britain’s central aim; the aim is to get humanitarian aid into Gaza, but also to ensure that there is a plan on the west bank to take forward a political initiative.
Everything that we are doing is bent on trying to get the aid that is in the region through the narrow entrances into Gaza.
We will continue to do that.
The Minister has said several times in the last few days that the Government’s decision to suspend funding for UNRWA should not affect that agency’s ability to deliver immediate aid in the region.
If it transpires in the days and weeks ahead that the opposite is the case and the agency is being compromised, will the Government immediately review their decision?
Yesterday, I spoke to the head of UNRWA, Philippe Lazzarini.
I made the point that it is essential that his review—which of course he is not conducting; the UN is conducting it—is completed as fast as possible for the reasons the hon.
Gentleman set out.
I am reasonably confident that it can be conducted within the next two months, and the British Government are watching this carefully.
Will the Minister confirm whether the Government have undertaken any further military action in Yemen since  11 January ?
If so, will he clarify whether the Government’s long-term plan includes committing to sustained military action in one of the poorest countries of the world?
We are careful to ensure that our response to the Houthis in Yemen is proportionate and right.
We are conscious of the importance of getting food into Yemen to feed people who are starving.
That process is hindered by the grossly irresponsible acts of the Houthi terrorists.
Yasin Malik, a political leader of the Jammu Kashmir Liberation Front, was given a life sentence in 2022.
The Indian authorities appealed that sentence last year, seeking the death penalty, and the judgment is due on  14 February .
Given the UK’s long-standing opposition to the death penalty, what discussions has the Minister had with the Indian authorities about this important case?
We always continue to make it clear that we disagree with the death penalty.
My colleague the Minister for South Asia raised this issue most recently on  10 January , and we continue to highlight it.
I know that he would be happy to discuss the case with the hon.
Lady, if she wishes.
The Foreign Office recorded over 500 deaths of UK nationals in Thailand in 2022, some 135 of which were of undetermined  cause.