The Minister of State was asked—
What recent diplomatic steps he has taken to help secure a sustainable ceasefire in Gaza.
What diplomatic steps he is taking to help end the conflict in Israel and Gaza.
What recent discussions he has had with his counterpart in Israel on the number of civilian deaths in Gaza.
What recent diplomatic steps he has taken to help secure a sustainable ceasefire in Gaza.
We are calling for an immediate humanitarian pause, in order to get aid in and hostages out as a vital step towards a sustainable, permanent ceasefire.
That is all very well, but the problem is that Netanyahu and the Israeli Government are simply ignoring all the pleas for restraint—those pleas have become empty words.
What will the Government do to put real pressure on the Israelis to stop the unacceptable killings, enter into negotiations for a permanent ceasefire and stop the threats to permanently annex and occupy Gaza?
Has the time come to stop selling to Israel arms that are being used to raze Gaza to the ground?
As I told the House yesterday, the Foreign Secretary is in the region today and will pursue the vital policies that the hon.
Gentleman has set out.
The hon.
Gentleman will know that it is an absolute priority for Britain to ensure that more aid gets in, but the Israeli Government have the right of self-defence and, as the UK Government continually make clear, they must exercise that right within international humanitarian law.
Like many other Members, I am sure, I have received an extraordinary number of emails from constituents who are deeply concerned about what is going on—these are people who would never normally get in touch with their MP.
We must stop the killing.
My party and I believe that an immediate bilateral ceasefire is the way forward.
What steps are the Government taking with partners in the region and around the world to achieve that end?
All of us want a ceasefire, but it must be sustainable.
That is why the British Government are bent on ensuring that we get a humanitarian pause so that we can get far more supplies into Gaza, and, on the back of that, a sustainable ceasefire.
As I said in answer to  the hon.
Member for Sheffield South East (Mr Betts) , we need a pause in order to get aid and support in and the hostages out.
According to the UN World Food Programme, over half a million Palestinians in Gaza are starving.
A famine is imminent.
Allegations against 12 United Nations Relief and Works Agency staff are rightly being investigated, but cutting aid to UNRWA entirely is disproportionate and punitive.
Has the Minister even considered the consequences of those cuts on women, babies and the seriously injured, and does he understand that they would breach the measures issued by the International Court of Justice to ensure that aid flows into Gaza?
As I have set out to the House repeatedly, we are doing everything we can, along with others, to ensure that vital supplies get into Gaza, for the very reasons that the hon.
Lady sets out.
On UNRWA, it would be impossible for any of us to continue business as usual, given the appalling events outlined over the weekend.
That is why we have made it clear that we will not produce further finance until we are satisfied that those matters have been addressed.
With regard to what we are seeking to do through UNRWA now, we have provided additional funding in the past, and that will ensure that aid and vital supplies get into Gaza.
The Government have consistently repeated their commitment to a two-state solution, and that is right, but for 30 years Israel has deliberately undermined that through the settlement of the west bank, in contravention of international law.