I know that he would be happy to discuss the case with the hon.
Lady, if she wishes.
The Foreign Office recorded over 500 deaths of UK nationals in Thailand in 2022, some 135 of which were of undetermined  cause.
In 2022 and the 10 years before then, no murders were recorded of UK nationals in Thailand.
My constituent’s son was murdered in Thailand in 2019.
Does the Minister still maintain that UK nationals do not get murdered in Thailand?
We work closely with Thailand, and our officials in the country, led by our ambassador, do a great deal of work around these difficult issues when they arise.
I have picked up some of the consular cases myself.
If there are specific issues that the hon.
Gentleman wishes to raise, I am happy to meet him to discuss them.
I have 10 and 11-year-old constituents—British citizens—who are stuck in the Israeli fire zone in southern Lebanon.
The Foreign Office is urging them to return to the UK, but as their mother is not a British citizen, the Home Office is preventing that.
Will the Minister help me to persuade the Home Office to relent on this issue?
I am happy to look at the case that the hon.
Gentleman raises immediately after Question Time, if that is convenient to him.
The Foreign Secretary is in the region today, not far away from the country that the hon.
Gentleman mentions, and I am sure that we will be able to advance the talks that are going on.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport if she will make a statement on the proposed sale of the Telegraph Media Group to RedBird IMI.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for tabling the urgent question for the second time in as many days.
This is a media-focused day for me, as I will take the Media Bill through its remaining stages straight after the urgent question, so forgive me if one has made me insufficiently prepared for the other, or vice versa.
I am in the frustrating circumstance that I can say only what is publicly known and nothing of the specifics in answer to questions about the ownership of the Telegraph Media Group, which contains two of the world’s greatest newspapers—The Sunday Telegraph and The Daily Telegraph—and, in The Spectator, the oldest surviving weekly magazine in the world.
As hon.
Members will be aware, my right hon.
and learned Friend the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport has issued a public interest intervention notice in respect of the anticipated acquisition of the group by RB Investco Ltd, further to the notice issued in November in respect of the RedBird IMI media joint venture, which remains in force.
She is leading this process and examining it in great detail and with great care, but it is a quasi-judicial process, involving the Competition and Markets Authority, which looks at jurisdictional and competition matters, and Ofcom, which will be reporting to her on public interest considerations in relation to the media, expressly accurate presentation of the news and free expression of opinion.
Both reports will be returned on  11 March .
My right hon.
and learned Friend, as a very assiduous and diligent KC, is making sure that I, as Media Minister, am absolutely excluded from the process, because that is what it demands.
I am not permitted to know about the scrutiny that is under way, or to interfere with it.
She is also not permitted to take into account any political or presentational concerns in her deliberations, and we would not wish to cause there to be any chink of light here that would leave the process open to judicial review.
That leaves me in an unenviable position: I face understandable expert probing by hon.
Members, to whom I can offer no answer beyond what is in the public domain.