Friend will understand why.
These are very precise processes that must be kept watertight, and I would not want to do anything to prejudice them or the Secretary of State’s ability to act in a way that is in the interests of this country and the media.
This is not a waste of time.
It is an opportunity for this House to make its voice and opinions known on what is a controversial issue of great public interest—an issue that we as a Government are very interested in.
My right hon.
Friend also makes the important point that his concern is not about the Government in this particular case, but about Government ownership in principle.
It is something I appreciate and understand, and I am sure it will be in the Secretary of State’s mind.
When hosting COP28, Sultan al-Jaber said that there was “no science” behind the climate change emergency.
The Sultan is head of the UAE media council, and influential in the Telegraph takeover.
I worked for many years as a journalist; I understand that democracy requires plurality in the media landscape.
Sadly, in the UK the vast majority of titles are already skewed to the right—in Scotland, as we know, half the population support independence, but only one title supports that position.
We do not want the situation worsening.
I am in favour of a free, diverse and vibrant press ecosystem, and not in favour of a newspaper being owned as a loss-making public relations arm of a foreign state through access to our daily news cycle.
Does the Minister agree that allowing the UAE to take over The Telegraph would be unhealthy in principle for our democracy?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for raising an issue of principle, which I perfectly understand, as something that I speak about in relation to the BBC, and how it must have editorial independence from the Government.
As a principle, I would be concerned about Government ownership of any media institution, but as he will be aware, I can speak only of principles.
When the wonderful Taylor Swift discovered that her back catalogue had been bought by a purchaser of whom she disapproved, she began to render it worthless by re-recording all her previous hits.
Is that an example that journalists at The Spectator and The Telegraph might do well to follow?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his mischievous suggestion.
I could not possibly comment on it, but I am sure that it has been heard.
I am reeling from the comparison of Telegraph hacks with Taylor Swift.
If the Minister cannot answer questions, maybe we could use this as an exercise in issuing some concerns.
The National Union of Journalists’ concerns are obviously about jobs, but they are also about future editorial independence.
It behoves the Minister and the Government to look at what sanctions could be used in future if agreements are reached but not kept to—Murdoch is the best example of that.
In addition, I wonder whether it is time, as my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bristol West (Thangam Debbonaire)  said, for a proper review of media ownership.
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for speaking on behalf of the NUJ and for raising what this means for media plurality and the ability of journalists to hold us here to account.
I agree on those generalities, but I am afraid I cannot say anything more about the specifics of this case, as he will be aware.
Once the process is over, I am sure there will be questions to go back to about how we best look into how our media  is owned.
For what it is worth, the proposal is said to enhance the competitive landscape, not diminish it.
Does the Minister agree that this sort of decision must be made according to legal principles, not politics?