I thank my right hon.
Friend for making that simple point.
It is one that I am sure will be considered once this case has passed.
Were a media outlet in an authoritarian state, or indeed any other state, to be threatened with foreign ownership, would the Minister responsible be as scrupulous in her answers as my hon.
Friend has so properly been with us today?
Perhaps not.
I am sure that many Members are, like me, concerned about foreign ownership of our institutions and businesses.
Our national resilience, strategic independence and critical infrastructure, as well as our media, are vital.
To quote the well-known album, how do we ensure that we do not end up selling England by the pound?
As I have said in answers to similar questions, we have powers to look into some of those investment and ownership questions, and they do not relate just to the media.
We now have much broader national security and investment powers in relation to questions such as these and to other areas in which there is a critical national interest in the ownership of a particular asset.
It would be wrong for Members to leave the Chamber with the belief that there are no such powers and that all these acquisitions can go ahead regardless of security and other implications.
The Minister is absolutely right: Ofcom can apply a test, which it already applies, to broadcast licences.
Does she agree that, given the changes in the media landscape, that should be rolled over to news websites and publishers that have significant scale?
We are looking at how we regulate online content alongside standard broadcasting and other media output.
One outcome of the mid-term review is that some of the BBC’s online material will be considered in the same way as its other output.
Those are all questions that the Department is looking into to ensure that media regulation and legislation are fit for what is a rapidly changing media landscape.
It is clear that paying off the debt means that RedBird IMI has control over the titles.
Indeed, it has already transferred the ownership of that debt to a new UK entity.
Should not the Secretary of State also issue a PIIN on the debt to ensure that she retains control of the situation?
My hon.
Friend will be aware that this is the second such notice to have been issued.
I am not able to speculate on or speak about any other action that the Secretary of State might be minded to take.
I know that he will understand that.
He will know that the broad principles of concern to him, about which he has written so eloquently and powerfully in recent weeks and months, are also close to my heart.
Motion for leave to bring in a Bill ( Standing Order No.
23 )
I beg to move,
That leave be given to bring in a Bill to make provision about the training of teachers in relation to the early identification of autism; and for connected purposes.
For those with autism, the stats are stark.
Fewer than half of autistic children say that they are happy in school; 73% of young autistic people say that their teachers do not understand their needs; only 20% achieve grade 5 or above in English and maths GCSEs, compared with 52% for all pupils; and, on top of that, autistic children are twice as likely to be excluded from school than their peers.
It does not get better in adulthood.
Just 29% of autistic people are in full or part-time employment, and those in work are paid a third less than their peers.
That is not right, especially when the potential of autistic children with proper support should not be underestimated.
Autistic people have stronger attention to detail, creative talents, mathematical and technical abilities, and expertise in niche areas.