We recognise that it bears responsibility for any further escalation, and we are looking at all the tools that we have to bear down on the Iranian regime, including sanctions.
What recent assessment he has made of the implications for his policies of the human rights situation in Eritrea.
We continue to press Eritrea bilaterally and at the UN Human Rights Council to end human rights violations.
It may come as a surprise to the House to hear that Eritrea is an elected member of the UN Human Rights Council.
As chair of the all-party parliamentary group on Eritrea, I often hear the country described as the North Korea of Africa.
Young people are conscripted indefinitely, and critics of the regime are arbitrarily detained and disappeared.
Does the Minister agree that that perhaps explains why over 90% of asylum claims from Eritreans in the UK are granted by the Home Office?
What more can the Government do to take steps to ensure an end to human rights abuses in Eritrea and elsewhere in the horn of Africa, which are push factors behind irregular arrivals in the UK?
I think the hon.
Gentleman pulls his punches; it is worse than he said.
Eritrea ranks towards the bottom of the world press freedom index.
We urge Eritrea to allow the UN special rapporteur for human rights access to the country, and we also seek the full withdrawal of Eritrean troops from northern Ethiopia, in accordance with the Pretoria peace agreement.
We must not forget the abuses that are happening in neighbouring Sudan.
Over 7 million people have been internally displaced, with 20 million in desperate need of humanitarian aid.
Last night, the International Criminal Court prosecutor told the UN Security Council that there are reasonable grounds to believe that both the Sudan armed forces and the rapid support forces are committing atrocious crimes in Darfur.
What hope does the Minister have that we can end the impunity, stop the rapes, murder and pillage, and bring peace to the people of Sudan?
We are calling for an immediate ceasefire.
There were talks in Addis before Christmas.
We seek progress through the United Nations, where we hold the pen on Sudan, and also through the Troika, the Intergovernmental Authority on Development and the African Union.
We are doing everything we can to end the appalling situation in Sudan, which my right hon.
Friend has just described with great eloquence.
What discussions he has had with his international counterparts on the situation of the Hazara community in Afghanistan.
The UK works closely with the international community including the G7 and G20 and through the UN to protect the human rights of all of Afghanistan’s people and to co-ordinate a consistent international response.
In December my colleague the Minister for South Asia in the other place raised the recent attacks on Hazaras with the UN assistance mission in Afghanistan.
Last week  the hon.
Member for Bedford (Mohammad Yasin)  and I met members of our respective Hazara communities.
They also regularly attend the all-party parliamentary group on Hazaras, which is chaired by  the hon.
Member for Peterborough (Paul Bristow) .
My concern is that the kidnaps, rapes and persecution that the Taliban regularly use against the Hazara women and girls largely go unreported due to a lack of diplomacy or to journalists being unable to access the region.
Would the Minister or a member of her team be prepared to meet those whose families are still stranded in the region and are subject to what is essentially the ethnic cleansing of the Hazara people?
The hon.
Lady sets out some of the shocking issues that we know about.
Indeed, Daesh claimed responsibility for the November attacks and we are continuing to see these challenges.
I will happily take back her question to my colleague, and I am sure that he will be happy to meet them.
I call shadow Minister Catherine West.