We did support setting up the loss and damage fund at COP28 and we contributed specifically towards it.
However, it is important that loss and damage does not draw from the same donors and the same official development assistance budgets as other development.
It has to be different.
It was because the UAE, as a non-traditional donor, put in $100 million to that fund that Britain was willing to support it, but we need new and different donors and new and different sources of funds.
I welcome the extremely important work the Government are doing in protecting vulnerable communities around the world.
Will the Minister confirm to me that the £3 billion that the Government have committed for saving nature will be used on some of the very vulnerable habitat sites and animals around the world, such as those Environmental Audit Committee saw on a recent visit to Antarctica?
Will he particularly think about whales, fur seals and of course the emperor penguin?
I will think about all the mammals my hon.
Friend has mentioned.
I can assure him that our commitment is to biodiversity and to nature.
We recognise the great importance of the work being done in the Antarctic, and indeed the contribution that he makes to that.
I call the shadow Foreign Secretary.
From the floods to the fires, from melting ice sheets to ocean heat, the climate crisis is reaching a tipping point.
Labour has a plan at home: doubling onshore wind, trebling solar and ending new oil and gas licences in the North sea.
Labour has a plan internationally: a clean power alliance  of developed and developing countries to drive forward the transition.
Is it not the truth that the Government have no plan and have squandered Britain’s climate reputation to wage culture wars at home?
The reason the Government were able to reduce the size of electricity bills for hard-working families was precisely because we are meeting our targets and will meet our international commitments.
Britain’s international targets and commitments are enshrined in law as a result of the activities of this House.
Internationally we are committed, as the right hon.
Gentleman knows and as was set out to the House towards the end of last year, to spending £11.6 billion on ensuring that we meet our climate targets and produce climate finance.
I would argue that that figure will be nearer £16 billion by 2026.
Whether he has had recent discussions with his international counterparts on a strategy to reduce debt in the developing world.
The Government recently set out our commitments on developing country debt in our international development White Paper.
The main mechanism to tackle the debt crisis, the common framework for debt treatment, is failing due to the low level of participation by private creditors who own around 40% of low-income country debt.
Does the Minister agree that there is strategic need for the United Kingdom to take debt reduction seriously and change its approach, given the crisis in Africa and the growing role of China and Russia in the developing world?
The hon.
Lady is right to point to the considerable difficulties that countries are finding.
Some 15% of low-income countries are in debt distress, and 45% are at higher risk of that.
The African Development Bank says that debt repayments in 2024 are likely to be six times the level of 2021.
That is why Britain is working with other creditors to secure debt restructurings, most often through the G20 common framework, but also through the Paris Club.
What recent steps he has taken to help prevent an escalation of conflict in the middle east.
The Government are engaging extensively to prevent an escalation of conflict in the middle east.
The Prime Minister spoke to President Biden last week about that specific issue.