The UK has provided £6.5 million in funding to support regional partners through an enhanced programme of maritime security capacity building in south-east Asia, which includes training on the law of the sea, and we continue to provide that support to help maintain that free and open Pacific.
I thank the Minister for that response.
China is quite clearly a thuggish country; a bully country that thinks it can step upon anybody.
They have an insatiable demand and appetite for everybody else’s resources.
When will the time come that China will understand that they cannot bully the wee person—that we will stand with that wee person against them?
The hon.
Gentleman sets out a really important position, and we want to continue to support and work closely with the Philippines.
I was able to co-chair the first UK-Philippines strategic dialogue in November, where we are continuing to work with the Philippines across a number of fronts on how we can support them to ensure that they can sustain their agency and present themselves the positions, as he highlights, of wanting to be able to use their waterways freely and unencumbered.
What recent discussions he has had with his Israeli counterpart on Israel’s political objectives in Gaza.
What plans the Government have to recognise a Palestinian state.
What recent assessment he has made of the potential merits of the recognition of a Palestinian state.
What recent assessment he has made of the potential merits of the recognition of a Palestinian state.
We are clear that for a peaceful solution to this conflict there must be a political horizon towards a two-state solution.
Britain will recognise a Palestinian state at a time when it best serves the objective of peace.
Bilateral recognition alone cannot end the occupation.
Given the evidence of war crimes and crimes against humanity committed by Israel, and now recognition by the International Court of Justice of the risk of genocide being committed by Israel, have the UK Government sought to ascertain what the Israeli military objective is in Gaza, and does the Minister agree with the motion tabled by the Scottish National party at the Council of Europe last week, supported by nine nations and 20 members, that an immediate ceasefire and a resettlement scheme for those bombed out of Gaza by Israel are absolutely essential?
I have not seen the motion tabled by the SNP—and I probably would not agree with it if I had.
We are always focused on addressing the points that the hon.
Lady has made.
When it comes to the International Court of Justice, and indeed international humanitarian law, the Government’s view is not the same as hers, but she may rest assured that we keep these things under very close review.
There is now a live ongoing investigation by the ICJ into genocide in Gaza.
Given the British Government’s reluctance thus far to recognise the state of Palestine, does the Minister not understand that failure to do so will soon result in the UK Government just recognising a cemetery?
The Government’s position—and indeed, I believe, the position of those on the Opposition Front Bench—has always been clear: we should recognise the  state of Palestine when the time is right.
The Foreign Secretary last night added some further words to that commitment, but that is the commitment of the British Government.
Last night the Foreign Secretary indicated that the UK Government will consider recognising the Palestinian state in order
“to give the Palestinian people a political horizon so that they can see that there is going to be irreversible progress to a two-state solution”.
Can the Minister explain how that is possible when both the Israeli National Security Minister and the Finance Minister have advocated using the ongoing war as an opportunity to permanently resettle Palestinians from Gaza and establish Israeli settlements there, and the Israeli Prime Minister has openly said he is proud to have prevented the establishment of a Palestinian state?