What recent steps he has taken to help prevent an escalation of conflict in the middle east.
The Government are engaging extensively to prevent an escalation of conflict in the middle east.
The Prime Minister spoke to President Biden last week about that specific issue.
I think we can all understand the anger towards Israel for the way it is systematically demolishing Gaza and needlessly killing so many of the people, as well as the need for it to be properly held to account.
Does the Minister recognise that we must do everything to protect against others joining the conflict,  and that activities such as those against the Houthis must also be proportionate and accompanied by more diplomatic work across the region to stop wholesale killing?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to make clear that all of us seek that there should not be an escalation of this conflict in the middle east.
That is why right at the start Britain moved military assets to the eastern end of the Mediterranean.
More recently, as he alluded to, we are expressing strong support for freedom of navigation on the high seas, stopping attacks by the Houthis.
We are degrading their capacity to carry out their attacks, and have made clear that we will not accept that challenge to international freedom of the sea.
One problem with the middle east is the sense of hopelessness among the Palestinian people, which is fuelling terrorist outrages.
What steps can the Government take with our American friends to try to put pressure on the Israeli state to stop the imposition of new settlements in the west bank, so that we can gradually reduce tensions in the whole region?
Is that not the way forward?
We have made it clear that the settlements are illegal and should not have gone ahead and should not go ahead.
On the wider point, we are working closely with our American friends and others through the superb diplomatic network that Britain possesses, to try to lift people’s eyes and move to the day after, when a political track can start.
That is the answer to my right hon.
Friend’s question—the political track, which can then start to offer hope in resolving this dreadful and long-standing problem.
I call the shadow Minister.
Today the middle east is in danger of seeing a major escalation of conflict, and whether it is in Gaza, the Red sea, Lebanon, Iraq, Syria or Jordan, we are seeing aggression.
If there is a common denominator in those conflicts, it is the malign influence of Iran, usually through its proxies.
What are the Government doing to disrupt and stop the disruptive activities of Iran?
My right hon.
Friend the Foreign Secretary had a meeting recently with the Iranian Foreign Minister to set out Britain’s view of and requirements from the relationship with Iran, and I think that was a most useful contact to have.
The Foreign Secretary is in the region today, trying to ensure that the very points behind this question are accepted and honoured.
We are working extensively with Jordan, Egypt, Qatar, Israel, Saudi Arabia and America.
Those discussions are ongoing, and will address the point that the hon.
Gentleman has raised.
What assessment he has made of the impact of the UK’s non-military support to Ukraine over winter 2023-24 on the humanitarian situation in that country.
What recent diplomatic support he has provided to Ukraine.
What discussions he has had with his international counterparts on maintaining support for Ukraine.
What recent discussions he has had with his international counterparts on the war in Ukraine.
Since February 2020 the UK has committed £357 million of humanitarian assistance to Ukraine.
In response to winter we scaled up humanitarian support with additional funding to provide cash assistance, insulation, and support for energy and heating.
The Foreign Secretary’s first overseas visit was to Ukraine.