Hayley said something very poignant:
“Autistic children, whilst in mainstream schools, are easily misunderstood.
They are just innocent children trying to survive in an environment that isn’t designed for them.
They have to fail first before they are adequately supported and that’s not how a child should start their education.”
Rocky’s story was eventually a success story, but it is his story, along with other conversations I have had, that led me to introduce the Bill today.
It is important to impress on all Members of the House that autistic children will not grow out of it: they will need extra help and targeted treatment to reduce the chance of negative consequences and financial burdens in later life.
However, as it stands, just 39% of primary school teachers have more than half a day’s training in autism—such a small number.
For secondary school, that figure drops to just 14%.
SEND is seen as a specialist area—a bolt-on, not a built-in—with teacher training not including how to ensure that teachers can identify SEND markers.
That needs to change.
Autistic pupils routinely identify autism training for teachers as the single biggest change that would improve their experience of school.
That can only happen if all teachers are trained in SEND.
It is for those reasons that I introduce my ten-minute rule Bill, the Autism (Early Identification) Bill, which will deliver support to increase autism assessment, reduce diagnosis waiting times and introduce mandatory autism training for all teachers.
The Bill will provide a solid base through which all teachers will learn about early identification, the special educational needs code of practice, the pattern and sequence of child development, what needs to be done if a child has communication difficulties, and understanding and dealing with difficult behaviour.
It will mean that if milestones are not met, help can be put in place; that fewer children will struggle in school; and that they will no longer be labelled difficult or disruptive.
Through a Bill that ensures that  all teaching staff can support autistic pupils well, schools will in turn become more inclusive places, where everyone—staff, pupils and parents—is truly valued and feels a sense of belonging.
I am encouraged by the openness of this Government to changes in the system.
It is positive that the Government announced as far back as the last Queen’s Speech that every child will get the education they deserve, and that there is vision, ethos and strategic direction in our education system.
I am also encouraged by the publication of the SEND and alternative provision improvement plan, in which the Government stated that they
“will explore opportunities to build teacher expertise through a review of the Initial Teacher Training (ITT) Core Content Framework and Early Career Framework.”
I was encouraged by the Secretary of State’s comments at the Dispatch Box yesterday, and by a letter from the Minister last July that said that
“all initial teacher training courses must be designed so that trainee teachers can demonstrate a clear understanding of the needs of all pupils, including those with SEND”
and that
“all teachers are teachers of SEND”.
All those objectives are encapsulated in the Bill, but it would go further.
Having a special educational needs co-ordinator in school is not enough, and only having a few providers of training is not enough.
The Bill will ensure that all autistic children receive the support they need so that they can flourish, and that autistic and SEND pupils are not a forgotten piece of the puzzle, but an integral part of the education system.
It will help the Government achieve their objectives in this area.