Just 29% of autistic people are in full or part-time employment, and those in work are paid a third less than their peers.
That is not right, especially when the potential of autistic children with proper support should not be underestimated.
Autistic people have stronger attention to detail, creative talents, mathematical and technical abilities, and expertise in niche areas.
Those of us who know autistic children know that they are honest and loyal.
We all know that an early diagnosis helps to identify what an individual child needs and what adjustments need to be put in place so that their strengths can be maximised.
It provides a positive pathway instead of a negative one.
It means that those with autism are more likely to find work.
It helps to combat mental health issues, which affect 54% of those with special educational needs and disabilities and cost the UK economy £582 million.
However, 92% of children wait longer than the NHS 13-week deadline, and 46% wait more than 18 months—that backlog means that a quarter of children with autism will not be diagnosed while in school.
In Norfolk between 2021 and October 2023, 1,141 under-18s were diagnosed with autism.
Many wait longer than 18 months for their diagnosis—some even wait three years, and one waited 10 years.
How many more of the 187,000 children in Norfolk will not be assessed at all?
The question is, why does a diagnosis not happen until much later?
Unfortunately, there is often a “wait and see” attitude.
However, not only is a delay in diagnosis extremely damaging for a child who is autistic, but it is unnecessary.
Conditions such as autism have markers from six months old, as it becomes obvious through the way children learn, move or pay attention.
Existing weaknesses in the SEND system, which were magnified by the pandemic, also make it difficult for people with autism to get a diagnosis.
There are inconsistencies in how SEND is identified, a lack of joined-up thinking on care, and a lack of clarity regarding accountability and responsibility in organisations.
That leads to delays in an already weak system, making the fight that many parents undertake to have their child assessed even harder.
Over a year ago in this Chamber, I mentioned Hayley Turner, a constituent who came to me as she was having difficulty getting the right support for her son, Rocky.
I was asking about early years psychologists in Education  questions, but it was partly through conversations with Hayley that the inspiration for this Bill took flight, so I would briefly like to share her story.
Rocky was two years old when his parents noticed that he was developing a little differently.
It was when he started school aged four that it became clear that mainstream education was not the right fit and that those teaching him were not trained to teach children with neurodiverse conditions.
That situation was very distressing for him and for Hayley, who had to fight to be heard.
She went to tribunal and spent many hours putting together all the necessary paperwork to show that Rocky needed to be placed in specialist education.
It was an unnecessary distraction that took Hayley away from being the mum she needed to be for both her children, which made everyday family life harder.
Rocky is just one of thousands of children whose parents are fighting today for their children to have an adequate education.
Indeed, the Government’s own SEND statistics show that 98% of parents win on appeal once they get to tribunal.
Those children are not difficult or troublesome.
Hayley said something very poignant:
“Autistic children, whilst in mainstream schools, are easily misunderstood.
They are just innocent children trying to survive in an environment that isn’t designed for them.
They have to fail first before they are adequately supported and that’s not how a child should start their education.”