How can we make sure that we retain trust?
As the hon.
Gentleman will be aware, a public notice has been issued on this matter.
Ofcom will look expressly at accurate presentation of the news and free expression of opinion when it makes its reports and judgments known.
I hope that will give him some assurance about how the media considerations will be looked at, not just the competition aspects.
I fully understand the limitations on what my hon.
Friend can say.
Having covered for her until a few weeks ago as media Minister, I was given no inside information about this matter, either.
However, she will be aware that it is now over five years since the Ofcom report to the Secretary of State that said that the internet has transformed the way that news is provided and consumed, and that there will need to be a fundamental review of the media ownership regime.
Does she agree with that, and can she say whether the Government will undertake that review?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his expert cover for me.
We discussed that subject in our handover, when he told me that there was no information that he could share because he was assiduous in his role and made sure that he was not involved in areas that he should not be.
He asked about future ownership questions.
He will be aware that we are debating the Media Bill after this urgent question.
We have looked at some issues in relation to media, in particular the changing media landscape and how the internet has changed it.
That has not covered all the issues that will be raised by this acquisition, but I am sure that once that the Media Bill has completed all its stages, we will be able to look afresh at the other holes in the landscape.
I appreciate that there is a limit to what the Minister can say about the potential sale of The Daily Telegraph to owners backed by the UAE, but are there any lessons for media freedom that the Government might learn from the creation of university branch campuses in the UAE, and what that has meant for freedom of speech?
I am afraid that is not a subject about which I know a great deal.
I shall happily look into it and see whether there are any implications for our media landscape, but I cannot comment in relation to this specific acquisition.
Does the Minister agree that the fact that we are in this position shows that clarity is needed about media ownership rules?
We need a presumption against sovereign foreign states acquiring strategic UK media assets to further their influence, just as there should one be against acquisition by a foreign oligarch who might not have a commitment to the media.
We need some certainty about how and where such an intervention can be made, and not purely on competition grounds.
That point has been raised by a number of hon.
Members.
We have tools for these kinds of acquisitions, as can be seen in the public interest intervention  notices that we have imposed in this case.
I reassure Members that we are not totally naked on this question; there are tools, under the Enterprise Act, that allow us to look into it.
I am sure that once the process is over, we will be able to look back and say whether any further action or intervention is required.
As owners expect to have influence over editors and the editorial line, why do we not have a policy of ruling out all Government ownership of such organisations, which would make it much simpler?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for making that simple point.
It is one that I am sure will be considered once this case has passed.