Friend for raising this matter, because we are clear that UNRWA is the only humanitarian organisation that is able to operate at the scale required in Gaza.
The Foreign Secretary, as hon.
Members will be aware, confirmed to the House on  19 July  that the UK would resume funding to UNRWA.
On the same day, I met UNRWA Commissioner-General Philippe Lazzarini to understand more from him about the situation on the ground and the reforms that UNRWA is undertaking.
We also talked about this Government’s release of £21 million in new funds to UNRWA to support its lifesaving work in Gaza and the provision of basic services in the region.
My constituents are appalled by the death and destruction in Gaza.
They know, as we do, that only an immediate, permanent ceasefire in exchange for the return of the hostages will put an end to this unacceptable and unbearable suffering.
In the meantime, despite the Israeli Government’s promise to flood Gaza with aid, which the Minister mentioned, the reality is that they are putting in place repeated and deadly obstructions.
What conversations have the Government had with Israel to ensure that the Israelis end this denial of lifesaving assistance?
I know that my hon.
Friend has a personal interest in this issue, and, indeed, experience of it following the humanitarian work in which she was involved before coming to this place.
When the Foreign Secretary was in Israel he pressed Prime Minister Netanyahu to open all border crossings, including Rafah, to facilitate a significant increase in aid and to allow its safe, effective distribution within Gaza, and we will continue to press for that as a matter of urgency.
Despite the designation of Al-Mawasi as a humanitarian safe zone, there have been multiple Israeli air strikes which have killed dozens of civilians and wounded many more, and have resulted in the bombing of a compound belonging to the charities Medical Aid for Palestinians and the International Rescue Committee.
What discussions has the Minister had with her Israeli counterpart about stopping any further attacks on Al-Mawasi, where displaced Gazans were ordered to go by the Israel Defence Forces for their own safety?
I know that this issue is of personal concern to my hon.
Friend and that he has visited the region many times, for instance when he was the shadow Minister for the middle east.
He has asked specifically about the question of civilians in the conflict.
We are aware that about 90% of the population in Gaza have now been displaced, some of them more than once.
We need civilians to be protected, we need aid workers to be treated in accordance with international humanitarian law, and we need to ensure that there is deconfliction.
As I said earlier, those are matters on which we, as the new Government, have been pressing.
The World Health Organisation has warned that the lack of sanitation and clean water caused by the humanitarian crisis in Gaza poses a real risk of polio spreading undetected among its people.
Will the UK Government consider supporting a mass vaccination programme in Gaza?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising this matter, which the Foreign Secretary and I discussed directly with Dr Ghebreyesus, the head of the World Health Organisation, yesterday.
My hon.
Friend is right about the severe concern about polio and the need for a vaccination scheme, and the World Health Organisation is working on such a scheme.
When populations are not receiving the food and nutrition that they require, or clean water, the potential for infectious disease obviously increases, but the UK has provided significant food and nutrition support, as well as shelter and other essential materials.
We will continue to do that, and, indeed, to work with the World Health Organisation on these important matters.