It is also at the heart of this country’s economic history.
It contains the Royal Docks, which were the centre of much of the country’s shipping and trade until their decline and closure in the early 1980s.
The area was also a hub for manufacturing and infrastructure, much of which, but not all, has since gone.
Beckton gas works may now be primarily remembered for its spoil heap, which became Beckton alps, and its one-time ski slope opened by Princess Diana, or as a film location for many movies and music videos, most notably “Full Metal Jacket”.
Beckton is, however, still the site of Europe’s largest sewage treatment plant.
He is not here any more, but I was hoping that might reassure my hon.
Friend  the Member for East Renfrewshire (Blair McDougall)  a little bit.
It was a key part of Bazalgette’s work to clean  up London in the Victorian era and today is part of the Thames tideway tunnel.
Sadly, river pollution is still a topical issue, two centuries on, as was so eloquently outlined by  the hon.
Member for Chichester (Jess Brown-Fuller) .
Many industries have gone, and shipbuilding at Harland & Wolff and the Thames ironworks are just a memory—although the local football team the ironworks, which started in West Ham, is doing all right—but companies in some traditional industries, including Britvic and Tate & Lyle, still have big local factories at the heart of the community, and that is.
The constituency is also a key element of London’s economic future.
The ExCel exhibition centre brings in 4 million visitors every year.
London city airport is London’s most central airport and is important to the City of London.
We are also the new home of London City Hall and have London’s only enterprise zone, which aims to create 35,000 new jobs and tens of thousands of new homes on brownfield sites.
Education is also thriving, including at the University of East London and the London Design & Engineering university technical college.
Locally, we like to celebrate our heritage, and you will find many parks, buildings and roads named after local heroes from the arts, sports, politics and public life, such as local boxers and footballers, the speedway stars of the ’30s, ’40s and ’50s who used to thrill on the racetrack at the old West Ham stadium in Custom House, and local factory worker and suffragette leader Minnie Baldock, who founded the first London branch of the Women’s Social and Political Union.
The same goes for momentous events in London’s history; the meeting in 1931 of Mahatma Gandhi and Charlie Chaplin is marked by the Gandhi Chaplin memorial garden, which is on the site of the house where they met.
Most recently, to mark the move of City Hall, we honoured Sri Lankan first world war veteran and pioneering race relations campaigner Kamal Chunchie, who fought for better lives for the local black and Asian community, and who, in 1926, founded the Coloured Men’s Institute, where City Hall now stands, to further that aim.
He speaks to the diversity of my constituency.
We are one of the most diverse places in the country, with communities from every part of the world working and living alongside one another.
It is what makes the area such a great place to live and to represent.
Each community that arrives adds to the mix, but also joins in those long-standing east London traditions of hard work, community spirit and plain speaking.
Kamal Chunchie also reminds us that while much focus is placed on the changes that have happened since 1945, there has been diversity much longer.
In the 1920s, Canning Town had the largest black community in London.
Migration has been a fact of east London life for centuries.
German immigration into east London in the Victorian era is part of my family history.