Colombia is one of the 32 countries currently designated by the FCDO as a human rights priority country.
We work closely with the Government and communities there, including indigenous communities, to address violence against women and girls, and the UK has committed £80 million to peace, stability and human rights, working together with civil society across the piece.
This summer marks the 50th anniversary of Turkey’s illegal invasion and occupation of the northern part of the island of Cyprus.
Will the Foreign Secretary tell the House what steps and initiatives his Government are going to take to seek to resolve that frozen conflict, for which the British Government have a historical responsibility as a guarantor power?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his important question; I am well aware of his interest in this issue over many years.
As a Government, we remain committed to a bizonal, bicommunal federation on the basis of political equality and adherence to United Nations Security Council resolutions, and we will continue to engage with the United Nations envoy and the UN process on this important matter.
What assessment have the Government made of the potential implications for asylum accommodation policy of using the overseas development budget to help to fund asylum accommodation?
As we have mentioned, this Government are committed to restoring overseas development assistance to 0.7% of gross national income as soon as fiscal circumstances allow and, overall, to restoring our development reputation and reconnecting our country to countries in the global south.
The delivery of aid by this Government is made more challenging by what took place previously, with the uncontrolled expansion of so-called in-donor refugee costs.
In 2023, the UK spent £4.3 billion of overseas development assistance on in-donor refugee costs—that is 27.9% of UK ODA.
We are determined to ensure that we do not have the kinds of unplanned reductions that we saw before.
What steps will the British Government be taking, following the highly disputed result in Venezuela of the election of President Maduro, to work with our American colleagues over the disputed land in Guyana to prevent any incursion there?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for raising that issue.
The disputed election in the last few days is of huge concern, and I issued a statement on it yesterday.
There are ongoing discussions with our American friends, and indeed with the state of Guyana, given the threats from Maduro in the past.
It has just been revealed that the UK has fallen out of the top 10 manufacturers globally.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that strengthening our country’s trading relationship with the European Union, in respect of goods as well as services, needs to be an essential part of achieving the Government’s ambitions for growing the economy?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that our biggest trading relationship is with the European Union.
He knows that the former Prime Minister, Boris Johnson, got the paper-thin deal that he did.
We do not yet have a new Commission in place.
We are absolutely committed to a new veterinary deal and to dealing with the issues of qualifications in particular, but we will take forward discussions with the European Union in good spirit in the coming months, as soon as the Commission is in place.
Ethiopia is on the cusp of recognising the Republic of Somaliland.
Will the Minister look at where British policy is, to make sure that it reflects the new reality?
Might she have time to meet me to discuss how we can strengthen and deepen the relationship between Britain and the Republic of Somaliland?
The UK has encouraged dialogue between Ethiopia and Somalia on the Ethiopia-Somaliland memorandum of understanding.
We have also expressed our full respect for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of the Federal Republic of Somalia.
I would of course be happy to meet the right hon.
Gentleman to discuss any issue, including that one.
I welcome my right hon.