The destruction and loss of life in Bangladesh are of grave concern to me and a great number of my constituents.
I welcome the conversations that the Minister has already had with Bangladeshi counterparts, urging calm.
What measures are being taken to support British nationals in Bangladesh?
Will she join me in thanking the Bangladeshi community in my constituency of Liverpool Wavertree, who contribute so much to our city?
I thank my hon.
Friend for being so active on this issue, including in the parliamentary engagement on Bangladesh last week.
The UK is deeply concerned about the violence by state and state-sponsored actors.
We have updated the travel advice; all the information is available on the FCDO website.
We are very open to taking personal emails from her, or from any other hon.
Members who have constituents with concerns, either in Bangladesh or in the UK.
In quick succession, the new Government have renewed unconditional funding for UNRWA, despite the Hamas links, and endorsed the International Criminal Court’s controversial case.
Following Hezbollah’s attacks at the weekend, will the Government reflect on the step-by-step abandonment of one of our closest allies in the middle east, and the potential impact that could have on continuing, rather than curtailing, conflict and delaying the peace settlement that we all want to see in the middle east?
There is absolutely no abandonment of our close ties and relationship with Israel, and it was hugely important for me to speak to both the Prime Minister and the President to reiterate that.
But in reflecting on the work of Madame Colonna and her report—I urge the right hon.
Gentleman to read that report and its recommendations—it was also right that we came forward with the funding, like all the rest of our international allies.
We did that with an extra £21 million, and I remind the right hon.
Gentleman that £1 million of that funding is to ensure that those recommendations are implemented to ensure the neutrality of UNRWA.
Following the recent rulings by the International Court of Justice, what steps are the Government taking to ensure that Israel complies with its international legal obligations?
My hon.
Friend has taken up these issues time and again in the House.
Let me make it clear that the expansion we have seen this year is entirely unacceptable—it is more than the last 20 years combined.
We are keeping these issues under review and, of course, I raised them with Prime Minister Netanyahu when I saw him in Israel.
Will the Government commit to do whatever they can to urgently secure an immediate ceasefire in Gaza, get the hostages home, and re-establish as soon as possible a dedicated peace process to set us on the path to a two-state solution, as raised by many of my hon.
Friends today, including my hon.
Friend the Member for Oxford West and Abingdon (Layla Moran)?
I think the hon.
Lady speaks for the whole House in the way that she put her comments, and I give her that undertaking.
What steps are being taken to support peace and human rights in Colombia?
The UK is the UN Security Council penholder for Colombia, so will the Minister say more about what steps the Government can take, or any new initiatives, to support the full implementation of the 2016 Colombian peace agreement?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question; I know she has visited the region and has a keen interest in it.
Colombia is one of the 32 countries currently designated by the FCDO as a human rights priority country.
We work closely with the Government and communities there, including indigenous communities, to address violence against women and girls, and the UK has committed £80 million to peace, stability and human rights, working together with civil society across the piece.
This summer marks the 50th anniversary of Turkey’s illegal invasion and occupation of the northern part of the island of Cyprus.