Friend is right.
The death and destruction in Gaza in intolerable.
The war needs to end now.
It is also the case that, given the escalation of tensions in the region, if the Biden plan is adopted by both sides, we would see that escalation come down.
For life in Gaza and across the region, it is important that that plan is adopted now.
What steps he is taking to help improve the humanitarian situation in Gaza.
What steps he is taking to help improve the humanitarian situation in Gaza.
What steps he is taking to help improve the humanitarian situation in Gaza.
What steps he is taking to help improve the humanitarian situation in Gaza.
What steps he is taking to help improve the humanitarian situation in Gaza.
What steps he is taking to help improve the humanitarian situation in Gaza.
The people of Gaza face a humanitarian catastrophe.
Humanitarian aid is a moral necessity.
Almost 90% of the population in Gaza have been displaced and the Integrated Food Security Phase Classification’s recent assessment found a risk of famine across the whole of Gaza.
I thank the Minister for her answer.
Last week, I met the Palestinian ambassador to discuss the heartbreaking crisis in Gaza.
Since April, the volume of aid cargo entering the Gaza strip has decreased by around 50%, at the same time as hospitals remain damaged or, in many cases, destroyed.
That is why I welcome the Foreign Secretary’s commitment to resume United Nations Relief and Works Agency funding and his demands for a ceasefire in the region.
Having resumed that funding, what steps are the Government taking to allow that vital aid into Gaza and help those so desperately in need?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising this issue.
We are deeply concerned at a number of the developments he mentions.
The UK is providing, and will continue to provide, significant humanitarian support to Gaza.
However, we are also clear that Israel must meet its commitment to “flood Gaza with aid”—that is vital.
I very much welcome the Foreign Secretary’s decisions on the International Criminal Court and on UNRWA funding.
This morning I met Oxfam, which told me and other Members that, when Parliament  is in recess this summer, up to 7,000 people in Gaza will be killed or injured—up to a third of them children.
Given that, will the Minister outline what urgent steps the Government will take this summer to end this horror, including ending UK arms sales to Israel?
Too many people have died in Gaza and too little aid is getting in.
We are clear that Israel must take concrete steps to protect civilians and aid workers, in accordance with international humanitarian law.
This includes deconfliction between military and humanitarian operations, and supporting the minimum operating requirements of the UN agencies, as well, of course, as the other matters my right hon.
Friend the Foreign Secretary laid out, including the need for an immediate humanitarian ceasefire.
Last week, I met some of my constituents in Ealing Southall who live in the Hanwell Broadway area.
They told me about Hanwell Friends of Sabastiya, a friendship and support network between our corner of west London and a village in the north of the west bank.
My constituents have heard at first hand how Palestinians are suffering across the territory.
What difference will the decision to restart UNRWA funding make to the lives of ordinary Palestinians, and what discussions has the Minister had with UNRWA’s commissioner-general to maximise its impact for the Palestinian people?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising this matter, because we are clear that UNRWA is the only humanitarian organisation that is able to operate at the scale required in Gaza.
The Foreign Secretary, as hon.
Members will be aware, confirmed to the House on  19 July  that the UK would resume funding to UNRWA.