Can the Minister be clear about this?
The judgment or opinion given by the ICJ is, quite clearly, that the occupation of Gaza, the west bank and East Jerusalem is illegal.
The settlement policy is illegal.
Do the Government accept that view, and if they do, what actions will they take to ensure that appropriate sanctions are taken against Israel, including ending arms supplies, to ensure that that judgment is carried out, and that the people of Palestine can live in peace, and not under occupation?
I thank the right hon.
Member for his question.
This is an extremely complex finding, covering 90 pages.
It was issued after considerable deliberation by the ICJ, and there is a variety of views from the judges.
As we said at the time, it will take us some time to respond to the full judgment.
We will update the House when we are in a position to do so.
In the meantime, sanctions will remain under review, as I mentioned in the previous answer.
What recent discussions he has had with his Bangladeshi counterpart on the human rights situation in that country.
Bangladesh is an important Commonwealth friend, but we remain deeply concerned about recent events.
I thank the many Members from across this House who have raised the matter with the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office.
I spoke to the Bangladesh high commissioner on 19 and  23 July .
On  22 July , my right hon.
Friend the Foreign Secretary called for an end to the violence, for democratic reforms, and for the rule of law to be protected.
Following the high death toll among student protesters, international human rights bodies are reporting further crackdowns on dissent, from mass arrests and enforced disappearances to torture and unlawful killings.
Does the Minister agree that Bangladeshi people must have the right to exercise their fundamental  human rights, including the right to protest, and will she join me in expressing solidarity with Bangladeshi people facing repression, both in Bangladesh and around the world?
My hon.
Friend is an excellent champion for her constituents.
The UK and our international partners continue to push for progress towards accountability and justice, including through an independent, impartial and transparent investigation into alleged human rights violations.
What steps he is taking to support Ukraine.
I was pleased that at the NATO conference, all nations were able to come together to reaffirm our commitment to Ukraine.
We took great heart from Zelensky speaking to the Cabinet for the first time, and we were united in continuing to stand with the people of Ukraine.
Of course I welcome the Secretary of State’s and the Government’s commitment to supporting Ukraine, and the provision of military and humanitarian aid is important, but sadly it will not be enough to secure long-term peace.
Will he reassure me that if and when the Ukrainians seek peace talks, the UK will stand by them, and support them absolutely in their efforts to bring this wasteful and terrible war to a conclusion?
I welcome the Ukrainians’ desire to have peace summits, and to see so many nations come together to discuss the issues that are pertinent to getting that peace.
The hon.
Lady knows that the best way to achieve peace is for Russia to leave, for us to continue to stand with Ukraine, and for this to be a cross-party issue, which is just what we committed to in opposition.
I am very grateful to the shadow Foreign Office team for ensuring that this remains a bipartisan issue in the UK Parliament.
I call the shadow Minister.
I welcome the Secretary of State and all Ministers to the Front Bench, and I look forward to working with them.