Gentleman earlier, but this is one area that was left in a mess.
Frankly, £3.4 billion being spent on refugees in hotels is the lion’s share of that amount.
That is a lot for me and   my hon.
Friend the Minister with responsibility for development to deal with, but we will do all we can to get back to that 0.7% as soon as possible.
Next week marks five years since the illegal revocation of articles 370 and 35A took away what little autonomy the Kashmiris had and paved the way for further persecution of the Kashmiris by the Indian armed forces.
Will the Minister make it clear that she is committed to upholding international law?
Will she confirm that the UK will uphold UN resolution 47, which demands the birthright of the Kashmiris—the right to a free and fair plebiscite?
I thank the hon.
Member for his passionate defence of human rights in Kashmir.
He of course understands the UK Government’s position that all countries should respect sovereignty, human rights and the rule of law, and we push all parties to work towards upholding United Nations resolutions.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
This weekend, we saw an escalation across the UN blue line when Hezbollah and Israel exchanged rocket fire and 12 Druze children tragically lost their lives.
One child dying in war is too many, no matter what nationality they may be, but this region is a tinderbox.
What is the Foreign Secretary doing to calm the area now that we have seen an escalation, because surely that could be a disaster for the region?
The hon.
Lady is right: the situation on the de facto border between Lebanon and Israel is very concerning.
We urge all parties to act with caution.
The UK condemns the strike in the Golan heights, which has tragically claimed the lives of 12 people.
Hezbollah must cease its acts and its destabilising activity.
I was pleased to speak to the Prime Minister yesterday, and I will say more on Lebanon in the coming hours.
On 19 July, the Foreign Secretary stated that half a million people in Gaza are in phase 5 of acute food insecurity, the classification that indicates starvation and famine.
UNICEF reports that 29 children have died from malnutrition.
How do the Government plan to change that, as Palestinians face the harrowing reality of death by starvation because of a political choice?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising the issue, which we have discussed previously in this Question Time.
We are deeply concerned about the humanitarian situation in Gaza; we have reflected that in our policy response, but also in our humanitarian response.
For example, in the statement that the Foreign Secretary made on his visit to the region, he committed £5.5 million to UK-Med, which is providing a field hospital on the ground that is desperately needed.
We have also ensured that there will  be continued provision of the items of medicine, food and nutrition that are required; we will play our part in that.
The united support for Ukraine is not shared in the United States; there have been worrying comments by the Republican vice-presidential candidate.
The Foreign Secretary knows Mr Vance.
What assurances has he had from him regarding financial and military support for Ukraine should Trump win?
The US has committed over £135 billion in support for Ukraine, including the supplemental $61 billion, and we thank it for that.
I was very pleased to meet with J. D. Vance at the Munich conference and subsequently in Washington DC, and I continue to have good conversations with him about these very important issues.
The destruction and loss of life in Bangladesh are of grave concern to me and a great number of my constituents.
I welcome the conversations that the Minister has already had with Bangladeshi counterparts, urging calm.
What measures are being taken to support British nationals in Bangladesh?