In that time, John has led the Speaker’s procession into the Chamber hundreds of times.
He is hugely respected and has developed a reputation as a font of all knowledge on Chamber procedures and a reliable source of information for Members—some might say too much at times, John.
To the team and those who work with him, John is known for being one of the smartest dressed Doorkeepers who has a fantastic sense of humour.
He is an expert on music—especially ’70s disco and ’80s pop, which he does enjoy—and I am told that he is a mean dancer.
He is also a keen photographer.
I am sure that the whole House will join me in thanking John for his loyal, lengthy service.
I wish him a very happy retirement.
Thank you, John, for everything.
Hear, hear!
Ordered,
That Stuart Anderson, Wendy Chamberlain, Samantha Dixon, Chris Elmore, Vicky Foxcroft, Rebecca Harris, Jessica Morden, Jeff Smith and Mark Tami be members of the Committee of Selection until the end of the current Parliament.—(Mark Tami.)
The Deputy Foreign Secretary was asked—
If he will set out a timeline for the potential recognition of a Palestinian state.
If he will support the immediate recognition of the state of Palestine.
We want a credible and irreversible pathway towards a two-state solution: a safe, secure Israel alongside a viable, sovereign Palestinian state.
We are committed to recognising a Palestinian state as a contribution to a peace process, at a time that is most conducive to that process.
May I associate myself with your remarks, Mr Speaker, about John the Doorkeeper?
Who knew that we had the same love of ’70s disco?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his reply.
I must press him further on Government recognition of a Palestinian state.
That should have been a starting point 30 years ago.
I believe that recognition would level the playing field and kick-start the peace process, as has been recognised by so many of our European counterparts.
Recognition should not come at the conclusion.
What will the Government do if Israel refuses to entertain any moves towards a two-state solution, which it has persistently and vocally rejected?
I know that my hon.
Friend has pressed these issues, which are of huge importance to her constituents, for many years.
No one has a veto on recognition.
As I said, we want it to be part of a process; it does not deliver a two-state solution in and of itself.
But it is absolutely right that the Palestinians are enabled to have a sovereign state.
It is a just cause, and we will work with other partners to bring that about.
Order.
Can I just say to everybody that Members are meant to speak through the Chair?
Please look towards me or the mics might not pick you up.
I hear what the Secretary of State said, but does he agree that the immediate recognition of the state of Palestine is vital to the UK’s commitment to uphold international law and norms, vital to the processes required to bring about an immediate and just peace, and vital to the notion that diplomatic means and not violence are the way to resolve the conflict?
Does he agree that failure to recognise the state of Palestine has had and continues to have catastrophic implications for the people of Palestine, as they face what the International Criminal Court has described as plausible genocide?
The hon.
Gentleman is right that peace will be achieved through a political solution, not through military means.
But I disagree that recognition itself will bring about peace.
The Biden plan is on the table at the moment, and we would like Hamas and the Israeli leadership to accept it.
That is what will give us a ceasefire and get us to a place where we can achieve that two-state solution.
I call the shadow Foreign Secretary.