I am very grateful to the shadow Foreign Office team for ensuring that this remains a bipartisan issue in the UK Parliament.
I call the shadow Minister.
I welcome the Secretary of State and all Ministers to the Front Bench, and I look forward to working with them.
Can the Secretary of State reassure the House that he is working flat out, as were the last Government, on making sure that the roughly £2 billion of funds generated from the sale of Chelsea football club gets distributed urgently, and reaches those in desperate need of humanitarian assistance due to Russia’s illegal invasion of Ukraine?
Does he agree that Chelsea FC is effectively now one of the largest charitable organisations in the country, and that the sooner the funds are mobilised, the better?
This is an ongoing and complex issue.
We endeavour to do the best that we can, at pace, and are unpicking much that happened under the previous Government.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
The Government are reconnecting Britain with the world in European capitals, in NATO and at Blenheim, and I have been resetting relations with Europe and reinforcing support for Ukraine.
I have also deepened partnerships with the global south to tackle the climate crisis and unlock economic growth, and I am taking a balanced approach on the middle east, calling for an immediate ceasefire, the release of all hostages and more aid into Gaza.
A builder living on Portland, a B&B owner in Weymouth and a shopkeeper on Swanage high street all pay their fair share of tax, yet some individuals take advantage of offshore tax havens such as the British Virgin Islands to avoid paying their fair share.
My constituents play by the rules; we ought to know a bit more about those who choose not to.
Can the Secretary of State set out what steps his Department is taking to throw open the books in British tax havens and implement public registers of beneficial ownership?
I raised this issue in opposition—I think it was the subject of the last speech I gave before the election—and it is an issue that I intend to take up with full vigour.
We were concerned that parts of the last Government were turning a blind eye to these issues.
I hope to come forward with further proposals in the coming weeks.
I call the shadow Foreign Secretary.
The Foreign Secretary will get full support from the Opposition in imposing open registers of beneficial ownership on the overseas territories.
Can I ask the Foreign Secretary to pay special attention to Sudan, which is suffering the largest displacement crisis in the world?
There is clear evidence of ethnic cleansing once again in Darfur, and the human misery that I saw on the border with Chad earlier this year was among the most harrowing that I have ever seen.
I am very grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman.
I was able to raise the issue of Sudan with G7 Foreign Ministers in my first days in office, and I continue to hold discussions with the United States, which, as he will know, has summoned a gathering in Switzerland to try to achieve peace.
Both main parties committed in their manifestos to restoring the 0.7% international development target.
As the Foreign Secretary will have seen, last year we reached nearly 0.6%.
Will he discuss with the Treasury returning to 0.7%, not in one bite, but over the next two years?
That would secure the best value for money for British taxpayers and also help those most in need.
I paid tribute to the right hon.
Gentleman earlier, but this is one area that was left in a mess.
Frankly, £3.4 billion being spent on refugees in hotels is the lion’s share of that amount.
That is a lot for me and   my hon.