However, we also face challenges.
Nearly half the children in my constituency are growing up in poverty, and in some areas, that figure is even higher.
For working-class parents such as mine, the promise was that by working hard, their children could get on.
The greatest nobility I have known is working-class pride: the pride in good work, seeing your children succeed, and the ability to get on in life.
That social contract has been broken, and we are all the poorer for it.
I put on record my love and gratitude to my parents for instilling that pride in me and for pushing me to do more.
I believe they are watching me on telly today, unless I am up against Tom Daley in the diving.
I also thank the trade union movement I have grown up in and been part of for my whole life for giving me the skills, opportunities and confidence to stand for election, and now to stand in this House making this speech.
Over the past few years, I have had the immense privilege to serve as deputy general secretary of Prospect and Bectu, and to serve internationally as one of the  trade union delegates to the OECD’s AI expert panel, adding my voice on international issues.
The trade union movement makes Britain a better place: every day, the contributions of thousands of workplace volunteers keep people safe at work, help people get on at work, and add to our economic wealth.
I am proud to be union made.
I will finish with this point: one of the things that drove me to stand for election this time was the sad passing of my brother in 2016.
Richard’s sudden passing from an accident followed by sepsis was tragic, but it also brought home to me that my family were only able to get through it with the help and care of NHS staff, who looked after my brother and my family.
Sepsis is something this House has learned more about recently due to the bravery of the former Member for South Thanet, who I pay tribute to.
The NHS and our public servants are the best of us, and I give this commitment in the House today: that I will use whatever time I have in this place to champion the NHS, but also to champion awareness of the dangers and terrors of sepsis and what it does to people and their families.
Peterborough stands ready to play our part in rebuilding our country.
We have drive, dedication and purpose, and with a Government on our side, we look forward to driving opportunities in Peterborough and around the country.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
It is an honour to be called to make my maiden speech as Member of Parliament for Maidenhead, a place I have always been proud to call home.
I recognise the fantastic maiden speech made by  the hon.
Member for Peterborough (Andrew Pakes) : his passion for his constituency is clear from his speech, and I know he will be a fantastic representative of his constituents.
Next time I am putting mustard on one of my ham sandwiches, I will be thinking of him and his constituency, although maybe not of the pun he made.
As a new MP, I was sent a very early email by the fantastic team at the House of Commons Library with maiden speeches from my predecessors, to get an idea about what I might like to say.
But considering that since its inception in 1997 my constituency, Maidenhead, has only had one prior MP, there was not a lot to go on.
I must start, therefore, by paying tribute to that predecessor, Theresa May, who represented the Maidenhead constituency for 27 years.
During her time on the Front Benches and in No.
10 she made sure that she put Maidenhead first.