Almost 80 years later, that challenge remains.
I am pleased to see that affordable housing will be one of the priorities of the Labour Government coming into power in 2024.
Tiffany’s roots were in the Peterborough and District Co-operative Society.
I am incredibly proud to have been elected alongside Labour colleagues on a pledge to double the size of the co-operative economy—a pledge that Tiffany could be proud of.
Just a few weeks ago, I met staff at the Co-op store in Eye in Peterborough to hear about the rise in shoplifting and the abuse that too many of them face.
Abuse should never be part of the job.
I put on record my thanks to the retail workers in Peterborough and around the country who serve us every day.
I pledge to work tirelessly with my good friends in the co-operative movement, the trade unions and this House to give retail workers the dignity and protection at work that they need.
We are also home to the wonderful English Mustard Growers co-operative, which was formed in 2009 to keep mustard production alive in the UK after the disastrous harvest of 2007.
Many people here will know  our crop as Colman’s mustard.
Today, there are over 40 growing members, including our very own Michael Sly, who is based at Park Farm in Thorney.
In Peterborough, we really do cut the mustard.
Peterborough has welcomed people from across the country and the world for generations as a city, and even more so when we became a new town.
I am one of those people who have chosen to make Peterborough my home.
The new town promise of a decent home, a good job and a great place to live remains as important today as ever, but it is a promise that has frayed over the past 14 years.
Peterborough is a working city with a rich history; we work hard, care for our community and love our country.
We are deeply rooted in an industrial heritage of food, farming and engineering.
We are home to a breathtaking cathedral, majestic mosques, and urban landscapes surrounded by the fens and poet John Clare’s country.
We exemplify Clare’s words:
“I found the poems in the fields and only wrote them down”.
We are at the heart of sugar beet country and the home of British Sugar.
We show how urban and rural can live successfully side by side.
We have a rich history and a bright future for food and farming, and I thank the farming community and my good friends in the National Farmers Union for their advice and friendship.
In my time in this House, I will always be a champion for food security and for growing more food in this country.
We draw on our engineering heritage of Perkins Engines, Caterpillar and Peter Brotherhood, and can use that heritage to create new, high-skilled jobs and apprenticeships for the future.
We are home to a new and growing university campus in the form of Anglia Ruskin University Peterborough, and to a new centre for green technology at Peterborough college, working to transition blue-collar opportunities to green-collar ones in hydrogen, electric vehicles and sustainable construction.
We are also home to a rich diversity of communities, languages and traditions, from the Italians who arrived after the second world war to eastern Europeans and a large Kashmiri and Pakistani community.
Visiting Azad Kashmir last year with friends from Peterborough remains a highlight of my life.
The beauty of that land and of its people impress upon me the need to speak up on Kashmir in this House.
However, we also face challenges.
Nearly half the children in my constituency are growing up in poverty, and in some areas, that figure is even higher.
For working-class parents such as mine, the promise was that by working hard, their children could get on.