Member for Maidenhead (Mr Reynolds)  gave a particularly rich history of his constituency, which went from bridges to “Carry On” movies, and he also mentioned the Spice Girls.
I think a Spice Girls CD was the first I ever bought, but he may not know what a CD is.
That sums up the different perspectives we come from.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for West Ham and Beckton (James Asser)  spoke about the Royal Docks, where I spent much time in a previous role working at City Hall; I saw the great potential that that area of the capital city has.
He eloquently set out the combination of heritage and diversity, past and present, that makes his constituency such a lively and wonderful place to represent.
I make him an offer: when he is jumping on the Elizabeth line to visit the hon.
Member for Maidenhead, he can stop off at West Ealing to say hello to me.
The hon.
Member for Ynys Môn (Llinos Medi)  spoke honestly about the importance of keeping people in this place on their toes.
That is right; the electorate do keep us on our toes, and one of the great benefits of our system is the way in which we are brought down to  earth every time we go back to our constituencies on Thursdays or Fridays.
However great and important the debates in this place are, when we knock on that door or sit down in our surgery, we are brought right back down to earth.
It is a great feature of our political system, and she was right to draw attention to it.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Kettering (Rosie Wrighting)  spoke about how proud she was of the history of the place that she now represents and where she grew up.
I was very moved to hear her speak about her mum’s role as a local youth worker, and how that inspired her to do what she is doing in life.
I wish her well as one of the youngest MPs in this place.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Wirral West (Matthew Patrick)  spoke about the natural beauty of his constituency—he was not the first Member to do so today—and the passion of the people there.
His comments about politics being as much about listening as speaking were particularly thoughtful.
We should all bear that in mind in this place.
He made an important point about learning from those with whom we disagree, or maybe only appear to disagree, and about breaking down barriers through listening and having conversations.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for York Outer (Mr Charters)  spoke about businesses and voluntary projects in his constituency.
He underscored how important it is that taxpayers’ money is treated with respect.
I know that the residents of York Outer will be very well served by the excellent new MP we heard from today.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Earley and Woodley (Yuan Yang) , whom I enjoyed campaigning with during the general election, managed to inject some humour into economics, which is quite an achievement for a maiden speech.
I am not even going to begin to try to replicate that in my comments just now, but she spoke passionately about the importance to those in her constituency of having access to nature and affordable housing.
I know from what she said, particularly about her personal experience, that she will be a true champion for breaking down barriers to opportunity.
Finally, we heard from my hon.
Friend  the Member for Falkirk (Euan Stainbank) , and it was worth the wait to hear his wonderful speech.
He gave a fantastic whistle-stop tour of his constituency, and made many excellent recommendations of where to eat and drink next time we are in the area.
What really came across is how connected he is to the community he represents, through his neighbours, his friends and his family.