On what legal basis would such a determination be made?
The hon.
Member will be well aware that this is a legal process and has to be complied with.
This Government are absolutely clear that we must act with integrity and ensure that we are following all the legal procedures, as the Foreign Secretary set out last week in the House and has set out this morning.
As shadow Foreign Secretary, the Secretary of State urged David Cameron to publish the FCDO’s formal legal advice on whether Israel is breaching international humanitarian law in Gaza.
Do the new ministerial team  still think there is a compelling case for publishing the Government’s legal advice, and will the Government be publishing it?
I am grateful to the hon.
Member for his question.
The Foreign Secretary has been crystal clear that he will be as transparent as he possibly can.
He will ensure that Parliament is fully updated on these matters.
I thank the Minister for that response.
If we want to improve the humanitarian situation in Gaza, it is quite clear what the free world has to do: get rid of Hamas, who are murderers and terrorists.
They hide in schools and hospitals, and they hide among civilians.
They are the people who are bringing death to Palestine.
If we want to give Palestinians the humanitarian aid that we should give them, we have to get rid of Hamas.
Of course, this Government recognise that Hamas have used civilians as human shields.
We are deeply concerned about the humanitarian situation, and I set out our response to that a few moments ago.
We need to ensure that civilians are protected, and we will continue to press for that as a matter of absolute urgency.
Whether he plans to review the sanctions regime against Russia.
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
This Government are determined to increase the pressure on Russia and support Ukraine.
We will keep our Russia sanctions regime under close review, and will go further to reduce Russia’s capacity to wage war.
The Government have already taken further action, including through the European Political Community, by sanctioning an additional 11 ships as part of efforts to disrupt and deter Russia’s shadow fleet.
In my early meetings, I have raised our Russia sanctions consistently with my counterparts, and I will continue to work with our closest allies in Europe and United States.
The UK has sanctioned 2,000 individuals and entities since Russia’s unlawful full-scale invasion of Ukraine, yet since 2022 there has been just one instance of UK law enforcement securing sanctioned funds.
What discussions is the Minister having with his counterparts across Government to ensure that those who evade sanctions are held to account and that money held unlawfully is secured for the public purse?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise that important question.
This Government will not hesitate to take firm action to close loopholes and to strengthen the enforcement of sanctions.
He will understand that I will not comment on future designations or enforcement actions.
As I have said, we have already taken some early steps on the shadow fleet, but he is right: there is much more to do, whether to improve compliance or to target those who enable sanctioned individuals to evade our sanctions, and I will of course keep the House closely updated.
I thank the Foreign Secretary for his early statement calling on the Russian Government to release the British citizen Vladimir Kara-Murza.
Will he look at what further sanctions might be used to put pressure on the Russian Government to release him and other political prisoners, such as the American journalist Evan Gershkovich?
The right hon.
Gentleman is right to raise this important question.
We call for the release of all those detained in Russia on political grounds, including those imprisoned for their opposition to Russia’s illegal war in Ukraine.