I thank the hon.
Gentleman for representing the concerns of his constituent’s family.
I recognise that this is a very distressing time for them.
He will that know consular officials are providing support to the family and have remained in regular contact with the authorities in Italy, and the ambassador has raised this case with the Italian authorities.
They have ended the active search, but the investigation is ongoing, and I would be happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman to discuss it further.
It was very important for me to visit the occupied territories and Israel within the first week in office.
We said this in opposition and we say it again in government: of course, given the hostages who are still in Israel, Israel has a right to defend itself, but it is a qualified right—it has always been, within international humanitarian law.
The scale of civilian loss of life—the children and the women who have lost their lives, the aid workers who have lost their lives—against a backdrop in which journalists are not allowed into the country has been a matter of deep concern and worry across the international community, so of course I have raised these issues.
It was also important to meet hostage families and to be absolutely clear that we want to see those hostages returned.
It is a privilege to make my maiden speech while you are in the Chair, Madam Deputy Speaker.
Thank you for the opportunity to follow such wonderful maiden speeches, particularly that of  the hon.
Member for Chichester (Jess Brown-Fuller) ; I pay tribute to her and to her mother.
I also pay tribute to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Southend West and Leigh (David Burton-Sampson) , the first ever Labour Member for his constituency.
I thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for East Renfrewshire (Blair McDougall)  for bowing out of the competition with Peterborough over which constituency is the most beautiful.
I can think of no more important debate in which to make my maiden speech than one about securing our economic stability for my city and this country to flourish.
As the gateway to the fens, the home of food and farming, Peterborough is willing to play its part in rebuilding our country.
I am the fifth MP for Peterborough in seven years—we had three in 2019 alone—so I hope to bring to my tenure as a local MP the much-heralded stability that my party’s Front Benchers talk about.
I pay tribute to my predecessors, who all cared deeply about our city and worked hard to be a voice for our needs on the national stage.
It turns out that I have some illustrious predecessors.
I feel I may be letting my constituents down: it is fitting, during the Olympics, to pay tribute to David Cecil, who entered Parliament having already won a gold medal at the 1928 Olympics.
I look forward to talking about my egg-and-spoon race at school.
I would also like to thank my immediate predecessor Paul Bristow and his staff for their incredible hard work looking after residents in need in our city.
I am proud to be part of the largest intake of Co-operative MPs in Parliament’s history.
Co-operative and community values run deep in Peterborough.
I am the second Labour and Co-operative MP to serve our city; the first was Stanley Tiffany, who was elected in another significant change election in 1945.
I note that Tiffany’s first question in the House, in August 1945, was to the then Minister of Health, Nye Bevan, on affordable and rural housing.
The answer was that housing was a priority for the incoming Labour Government of 1945.
Almost 80 years later, that challenge remains.
I am pleased to see that affordable housing will be one of the priorities of the Labour Government coming into power in 2024.
Tiffany’s roots were in the Peterborough and District Co-operative Society.