The Biden plan is on the table at the moment, and we would like Hamas and the Israeli leadership to accept it.
That is what will give us a ceasefire and get us to a place where we can achieve that two-state solution.
I call the shadow Foreign Secretary.
May I welcome the Foreign Secretary to his new position, since this is the first time that we have met across the Dispatch Box since we swapped sides?
I welcome all his team, especially  the hon.
Member for Lincoln (Hamish Falconer) , who was previously a respected and effective official in both the Ministries in which I served as a Cabinet Minister.
I urge the Foreign Secretary to avoid any suggestion of some sort of international legal-moral equivalence between a terrorist murderer and the elected head of a democratic state.
In any question of an arms embargo, I remind him that just a few weeks ago, British arms and military personnel were defending our ally Israel from missiles launched by Iran.
Let me begin by welcoming the right hon.
Gentleman to his position.
It is great to see him where he is, and not on the Government Benches.
He will know that these are very serious issues, and that the test under criterion 2c is whether there is a “clear risk”.
That is based on very careful assessments of the law.
He would expect me to pursue that with all sobriety and integrity, and that is what I intend to do.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
The Secretary of State will get bored of me continuing to press him on the recognition of the state of Palestine.
I hope not to test his patience, but I know in my heart that it is what Palestinians need to ignite hope.
Two states cannot happen without that hope to unite Palestinians behind a final cause that will stop the killing for good.
War has to stop, but that is not peace.
Peace is two states.
He knows that Netanyahu rejects it, so when he spoke to Netanyahu, did he talk about the two-state solution, and in particular the recognition of Palestine?
Does he accept that if the UK followed the other 140 countries that have done this, that would send a powerful message to both the Palestinian people and Netanyahu?
Let me reassure the hon.
Lady that raising this issue does not test my patience.
She is absolutely right.
I reject and disagree with those in Israel who say that there can be no two-state solution.
If there is no two-state solution, there is either one state or no state at all.
I recognise why this is a pressing issue and why she raises it, but as I have said, we will do it at the appropriate moment, hopefully working with other partners as a road to the two states that we desire.
What steps he is taking to help secure a permanent ceasefire in Gaza.
In my second week in the role I travelled to Israel and to the west bank and called for an immediate ceasefire—something that none of my predecessors had done.
In my meetings with both leaders I called for an immediate ceasefire and made the urgent case, as has been described, for a credible and irreversible pathway towards a two-state solution.
I welcome my right hon.
Friend and all the team to their place.
I thank him for calling for a ceasefire when he visited Israel; that has had a profound impact in my constituency.
Does he agree that a permanent ceasefire in Gaza is essential for the future of the people in Gaza, and would help to cool tensions in the middle east, in particular given the attack on the Golan Heights and the escalating tensions between Hezbollah and Israel, and even the Houthis?
My hon.
Friend is right.
The death and destruction in Gaza in intolerable.
The war needs to end now.