I must start, therefore, by paying tribute to that predecessor, Theresa May, who represented the Maidenhead constituency for 27 years.
During her time on the Front Benches and in No.
10 she made sure that she put Maidenhead first.
Once, famously, having spent a week of late nights in negotiations in the EU, she got off the plane in London and headed straight for a school carol concert in the town centre.
Although I disagree with her on many things, her dedication to the people of Maidenhead is something that I admire and hope to emulate.
Hers are big—often very much reported on by the media—shoes to fill.
Unlike my namesake, Sir Joshua Reynolds, I cannot paint to save my life; but fortunately for me and my constituents, the village of Cookham in my constituency has given us Stanley Spencer, whose work is memorialised  in the Stanley Spencer Gallery on the high street.
We are lucky to still have a thriving arts scene around Maidenhead and all our villages.
Maidenhead is a special place; it has a rich history.
It is where Charles I met his children for the last time, in the Greyhound inn, now home to the NatWest bank, before his execution in 1649.
Fortunately, visitors to Maidenhead today would discover a fantastic array of places to eat.
The village of Bray has no less than seven Michelin stars to its name, but to find fantastic food in Maidenhead you need not go to a restaurant approved by the Michelin man.
You can go to Bakedd, ToMo, Sauce and Flour, The Borough or Seasonality—just some of the fantastic places to eat that Maidenhead has to offer.
Any time you fancy a trip down the Elizabeth line, Madam Deputy Speaker, I will be more than happy to take you to any of them.
Part of Maidenhead’s history has always been the bridges over the Thames.
Soon after the first bridge was put up, in 1280, the town started to build.
The current incarnation of Maidenhead bridge has been standing since the mid-1700s.
The toll on Maidenhead bridge was removed on the night of  31 October 1903 , in a move that, had it been done today, probably would not have been worthy of attention from the Office for Budget Responsibility.
However, it was so significant to residents of Maidenhead that they gathered by the bridge and, as the clock struck midnight, took apart the toll gates and threw them into the river.
Another part of our history—famous for bridges—is the Brunel-designed Maidenhead railway bridge, otherwise known as the “sounding arch”, which opened in 1839, attracting significant attention for its innovative low-rise arch design.
Sceptical bosses at the Great Western Railway insisted that he leave the scaffolding in place because they did not believe it to be safe.
Rumour has it, though, that Brunel complied with their request.
Knowing that it was not necessary, he decided not to attach the scaffolding to the bridge.
Sure enough, the wooden structure was soon blown away by a storm, and Brunel’s bridge has stood the test of time ever since.
Maidenhead was also home to the late Sir Nicholas Winton, who is remembered in the Nicholas Winton memorial gardens in Oaken Grove park and in a statue on platform 3 of Maidenhead station.
Sir Nicholas, dubbed by the press the “British Schindler”, helped to save the lives of 669 children who were evacuated from Czechoslovakia to Britain as part of the Kindertransport in 1939.
Sir Nicholas left us in 2015, having reached the grand age of 106; but his life and legacy as one of the great humanitarians is remembered in the town.
It is fair to say that the Palace of Westminster is slightly larger than Maidenhead town hall, where I was recently a cabinet member for communities and leisure.
However, what the town hall lacks in grandeur, statues and stained-glass windows, it makes up for in its television claim to fame.