In the 1920s, Canning Town had the largest black community in London.
Migration has been a fact of east London life for centuries.
German immigration into east London in the Victorian era is part of my family history.
The debate around those who choose to make the UK their home is frequently too narrow, and too often driven by populist voices.
We forget our history at our peril, but east London is a testament to its vibrancy.
My constituents do not lack ambition, aspiration or talent—they have it in inspirational quantities—but too often, they lack opportunity.
Poverty is a real issue and, in recent years, has become much worse.
Locally, we have seen children going to events in the hope of getting food because they are hungry; parents sleeping in shifts  on mattresses on the floor because there is not enough room for the whole family to have beds; and children forced to do their homework in the bathroom because there is no other space for them to do it.
This Government were elected on a mandate for change.
For many of my constituents, that is not an aspiration; it is a necessity.
My early Labour predecessors were sent here to represent those who had no voice, those who needed to be lifted out of poverty and those who deserved a better life.
I am under no illusion; more than a century on, that demand is still real.
I have been sent here to support change, and to fight to improve lives.
It is my great regret that my father is no longer alive to see me elected.
It would have meant a lot to him.
His advice to me was, “Make sure you always do your best, because no one can ask more of you.”
In my election acceptance speech, I promised my best to my constituents, and I repeat that promise today.
I will do the best I can for everyone in West Ham and Beckton, and I will give my best to this House, too.
I believe that together we can achieve the absolute best for our country and the people of my constituency.
The people of West Ham and Beckton deserve no less.
I am just being honest—honesty in politics!
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Southend West and Leigh (David Burton-Sampson)  made a very important point that we should all heed about civility in politics.
He spoke about the diverse community spirit in his area, but I am not going to even begin to compete with him on how impressive the coastline is in my landlocked suburban constituency.
The hon.
Member for Chichester (Jess Brown-Fuller)  spoke about how special and sunny her constituency is.
She began a new competition; now it is not only who has the most beautiful constituency, but the sunniest.
I was very touched by her recognition of the importance of family for both inspiration and practical support in politics.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Peterborough (Andrew Pakes)  spoke about his Co-operative and trade union values, which I think many of us Labour Members share.
I did not know until he spoke about the connection between Peterborough and mustard, so that is something I have learned today.
I thought that his focus on the promise of new towns really sums up our sense of optimism for the future.
There is the idea of being proud of one’s heritage, and honest about the challenges that we face, but he is also ready to achieve more in the future with a Government who support him.
I wish him great stability in his seat.
The hon.
Member for Maidenhead (Mr Reynolds)  gave a particularly rich history of his constituency, which went from bridges to “Carry On” movies, and he also mentioned the Spice Girls.
I think a Spice Girls CD was the first I ever bought, but he may not know what a CD is.
That sums up the different perspectives we come from.