I look forward to working with every single one of my colleagues in this House over the next few years to help make that happen.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker, for calling me to make my maiden speech, and may I congratulate you on your election?
I also congratulate all those who have spoken for the first time today and over the last two weeks.
The speeches we have heard have been an incredible guide to the UK, and should make us all proud of the country we collectively represent.
I offer my congratulations to  the hon.
Member for Maidenhead (Mr Reynolds)  on his contribution, and wish him well in his time in the  House.
May I say, as an MP at the other end of the Elizabeth line and a “Carry On” fan, that I accept his invitation to dinner?
May I first pay tribute to my two immediate predecessors?
First, there is my right hon.
Friend  the Member for East Ham (Sir Stephen Timms) , now representing a smaller version of that seat.
He marks 30 years as an MP this year, and I know he is well respected in this House.
He is a well-known figure to local people and is recognised as a diligent constituency MP.
Indeed, canvassing the areas I gained from him, the most common question was, “Where’s Stephen?”
As a former councillor in his constituency, I want to thank him for his support.
I also follow on from Lyn Brown, who retired at the election after 19 years’ service in this House and an impressive 36 years total elected service to the borough of Newham.
I know Lyn made a big impact in Parliament and leaves a strong legacy.
I want to thank her for all her support in the last few years, especially during the election.
Her support and advice have been invaluable, and I know that supporting other Members is part of her record in this place.
West Ham and Beckton has a long history, but this is a new seat made up of the southern half of the old West Ham and the Beckton and dock areas of the larger East Ham seat.
The area has had multiple constituencies over the years, including at one point Ernest Bevin’s old south London seat of Woolwich East, which took in North Woolwich, the part of Kent that is north of the Thames—a curious but often forgotten bit of history, with a completely baffling county border.
Others who have represented parts of this area in recent times include Jim Fitzpatrick and the irrepressible Tony Banks, but the first Labour MP to represent here was the original Keir—Keir Hardie, the founding father of the Labour party, who was first elected to Parliament in West Ham South in 1892.
In 1906, Will Thorne, the founder of the union that is today GMB, which was founded in Canning Town in the heart of my constituency, was elected to the same seat.
When he was elected, there were just 29 Labour MPs.
Things have moved on somewhat since then.
In fact, I am told that more MPs are members of the GMB than are members of the Conservative party; I thank them for demonstrating that so beautifully this afternoon.
I say this not to be controversial, but mainly to drum up some canvassing support for the next election.
This is a big legacy to take on, because West Ham and Beckton has been at the heart of the Labour movement’s history for over a century.
It is also at the heart of this country’s economic history.
It contains the Royal Docks, which were the centre of much of the country’s shipping and trade until their decline and closure in the early 1980s.
The area was also a hub for manufacturing and infrastructure, much of which, but not all, has since gone.