Gentleman that the last Government to get to 2.5% of GDP spending on defence was a Labour Government.
We intend to get back there and those plans will be announced at a fiscal event in the future.
What his planned timescale is for completing his review of Israel's compliance with international humanitarian law.
As soon as I came into office, I commissioned new advice on Israel’s compliance with international humanitarian law in the context of war in Gaza.
We are obliged to look at that advice under criterion 2C for items exported.
That is an ongoing process.
I pledge to update the House as soon as I can on this very serious matter.
I welcome the Government’s changing approach to the devastating conflict in Gaza and the fact that the review was ordered soon after the Foreign Secretary’s appointment.
Will the Foreign Secretary confirm that, if the review were to conclude that Israel was breaching international law, all actions including halting arms sales would be considered as part of the Government’s proportional response?
Criterion 2C of our strategic export licensing criteria is a clear risk of breach of international humanitarian law.
Careful assessments have to be made.
There is a then a legal process to enable us to reach a conclusion.
Of course, with all sobriety and integrity, I intend to do that and I will update the House as soon as I can.
Whether he has had discussions with Cabinet colleagues on the International Court of Justice’s advisory opinion entitled, “Legal consequences arising from the policies and practices of Israel in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem”, published on 19 July 2024.
What assessment he has made of the potential implications for his policies of the International Court of Justice’s advisory opinion entitled, “Legal consequences arising from the policies and practices of Israel in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem”, published on 19 July 2024.
We have been clear that the Government must uphold both our domestic and international legal obligations.
The UK respects the independence of the ICJ.
We received the advisory opinion on  19 July  and issued a statement that made it clear that we were considering it carefully before responding.
My colleagues on the Front Bench have already made it clear that they oppose the violence from settlers on the west bank, but I am happy to expand on that point, if that is what my hon.
Friend and the right hon.
Gentleman would like.
I thank the Foreign Secretary for showing bold leadership and unequivocal support for international law by dropping the previous Government’s opposition to the arrest warrant against Netanyahu.
The ICJ’s  historic advisory opinion earlier this month made it clear that Israel’s occupation and annexation of Palestinian territories is unlawful, an issue on which many of us have campaigned.
What steps is the Foreign Secretary taking to ensure that Israel ends its unlawful occupation, which includes the recent expansion of Israeli settlements on the west bank and the annexation of East Jerusalem?
I know that my hon.
Friend cares deeply about these matters.
The Foreign Secretary visited the region within a week of taking office, and he has also raised those precise issues with the Israeli authorities.
I reiterate that we are strongly opposed to the expansion of illegal settlements and rising settler violence.
More west bank land has been declared state lands by Israel this year than at any time since the Oslo accords.
The British Government already have sanctions against eight people and two groups in relation to settlers in the west bank, and we will look at all options when it comes to tougher action on issues related to the west bank.
Can the Minister be clear about this?
The judgment or opinion given by the ICJ is, quite clearly, that the occupation of Gaza, the west bank and East Jerusalem is illegal.
The settlement policy is illegal.