The right hon.
Gentleman is right to raise this important question.
We call for the release of all those detained in Russia on political grounds, including those imprisoned for their opposition to Russia’s illegal war in Ukraine.
We have met many of the families of those concerned, and we will continue to take this very seriously.
I call the shadow Minister.
May I start by congratulating the Minister on his appointment?
I know how hard he worked on this brief in opposition.
He will know that the longer those Russian sanctions are in place, the more creative Russia becomes at circumventing them.
What steps do he and the Foreign Secretary plan to take to end the UK’s indirect import of Russian crude oil via the three refineries at Jamnagar, Vadinar and New Mangalore?
Did the Foreign Secretary discuss that issue when he travelled to see our Commonwealth friends in India last week?
It is a pleasure to see the hon.
Lady in her position and to have worked with her many times on these issues in the past, across these Benches and in other formats.
As the Foreign Secretary and I have already outlined, we took robust action against Russia’s shadow fleet, alongside allies at the European Political Community.
We will continue to explore further options to strengthen our sanctions, including in the energy sector, and the Foreign Secretary did indeed raise the issue at his meetings in Mangalore.[Official Report,  3 September 2024 ; Vol.
753, c. 4WC.] (
Correction)
What recent discussions he has had with his Indian counterpart on strengthening UK-India relations.
I met my Indian counterpart, Dr Jaishankar, in Delhi on  24 July .
We discussed how to unlock the potential of the UK-India relationship for economic growth and to develop a stronger, deeper partnership to reinvigorate that relationship.
I was very pleased to launch the tech and security initiative, which brings together businesses across our two countries working in those areas.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his response.
I recently met a number of members of the growing Indian population in my constituency of Livingston, and they were very clear with me that if we get our India-UK relations right over the coming four or five years, it will be of huge benefit to both countries.
Does the Foreign Secretary agree that the signing of the technology and security initiative within just a month of coming into office shows that we are working internationally to drive our economy and secure our country?
My hon.
Friend will be pleased to hear that the Trade Secretary announced the Government’s intention to continue trade talks with India just yesterday, and I am sure there is more we can do to reduce barriers between our two countries.
The right hon.
Gentleman has visited India, and he will know that the previous Government had clearly got a long way towards a free trade agreement but that it was stalled because of the Indian general election and then our general election.
There are some sticking points, and I wonder if he could update the House on his discussions on removing those sticking points so that we can unlock the free trade deal that those on both sides of this House want to see.
The hon.
Gentleman has great experience in these matters, but I disagree with him slightly.
He will remember that the previous Government set a timetable and said that we would have a trade agreement by Diwali, but I am afraid the question is which one, because successive Diwalis passed and we did not get one.
I am very pleased that the Trade Secretary has set out that we are going to continue negotiations, and of course these issues came up with my counterpart in Delhi.
We now come to shadow Minister Alicia Kearns—welcome.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
The Foreign Secretary rightly visited India to discuss a trade agreement between our countries.