I would of course be happy to meet the right hon.
Gentleman to discuss any issue, including that one.
I welcome my right hon.
Friend the Foreign Secretary and his team to their places.
I have discussed with many of them the chronic human rights situation in West Papua over many years.
In 2019, President Widodo  invited the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to visit West Papua, but that visit has not yet taken place.
What steps are the Government taking to ensure that such a visit takes place, with both the Indonesian Government and the United Nations?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his interparliamentary work on that important issue.
The UK strongly supports the efforts of the authorities and civil society to address the legitimate concerns of the people of Papua, as my hon.
Friend has highlighted many times in this House.
We continue to monitor the situation in Papua, including the ongoing issue of internal civil displacement caused by clashes between separatists and Indonesian security forces in Papua.
The UK remains supportive of a visit by the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights.
Has the Foreign Secretary had an opportunity to meet his counterpart in the Irish Republic, given the ministerial statements there in recent months regarding the thousands of people they believe to be there illegally, who they say have come from the United Kingdom?
What can be done to try to resolve that matter in a way that will satisfy both nations?
I was very pleased, alongside the Prime Minister, to meet the Irish Taoiseach and to discuss that and other issues.
Mr Speaker, you and I are both old enough to remember Tiananmen Square.
The use of lethal force on student protesters in Bangladesh has rightly been condemned by our Government.
I urge the Government to put pressure on the Bangladeshi investigation, so that it has an international element, because a country that can just turn off all communications with the outside world and that controls all institutions, right down to its stormtrooper-like police, should not be allowed to mark its own homework.
My right hon.
Friend the Foreign Secretary has been very clear that what has happened in the last couple of weeks in Bangladesh is not acceptable—we have raised it on a number of occasions—including the nature of the judicial review that is currently being undertaken by the Government of Bangladesh.
A 25-year-old constituent of mine went missing in Sardinia on the evening of  Saturday 13 July .
The Italian authorities called off the search on Friday, so will the Foreign Secretary meet me to urge the Italian authorities to help to find my constituent?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for representing the concerns of his constituent’s family.
I recognise that this is a very distressing time for them.
He will know that consular officials are providing support to the family and have remained in regular contact with the authorities in Italy, and the ambassador has raised this case with the Italian authorities.[Official Report,  2 September 2024 ; Vol.
753, c. 2WC.] (
Correction) They have ended the active search, but the investigation is ongoing, and I would be happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman to discuss it further.
I thank the Foreign Secretary and his team for the £500,000 committed to the Caribbean after the devastation on Grenada and Carriacou as a result of Hurricane Beryl, but can I press him and the team on the fact that the Caribbean is at the sharp end of the climate crisis?
Will he tell the House what plans he has to advocate at COP29 for a replacement of the $100 billion climate finance deal?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for taking up such issues from the Back Benches.
He will know that I was dealing with these matters on day one in office.