Friend  the Member for Falkirk (Euan Stainbank) , and it was worth the wait to hear his wonderful speech.
He gave a fantastic whistle-stop tour of his constituency, and made many excellent recommendations of where to eat and drink next time we are in the area.
What really came across is how connected he is to the community he represents, through his neighbours, his friends and his family.
He used a phrase that sums up well what I and other Government Members want to do: unite and serve.
Those were all the maiden speeches we had today.
It was a truly excellent tour of not just the country, but the talent we have in this place following the general election.
I wish all hon.
Members very well for however many years they spend in this place.
We heard from other Members about the substance of the Bill, including the shadow Ministers.
They both seemed a bit confused about whether they support the OBR and the Bill.
I am glad that they confirmed that they support the Bill and will not vote against it, but at one point  the hon.
Member for Grantham and Bourne (Gareth Davies)  seemed to defend Liz Truss over her handling of the economy.
He must be pretty much the last person in the country willing to do so; it was   certainly brave of him.
We Government Members are clear on why the OBR is so important and what its role should be.
The Bill sets out to strengthen that.
The hon.
Gentleman asked what the purpose of the fiscal lock might be.
The fiscal lock will prevent the sidelining of the OBR by giving it the power to start an assessment if the Government announce fiscally significant policies without one.
I remind him that the current shadow Chancellor said, at the time of the disastrous mini-Budget, that some of the difficulties were caused by the lack of a forecast, so this is something that the Opposition agree with.
The shadow Minister also asked about the definition of an emergency.
We are very clear that in emergencies—for instance, during the pandemic—it may be necessary for the Government to take rapid action.
In those cases, it would not be appropriate to hold back the response to the emergency until a forecast could be produced.
Finally, he asked whether the OBR reports triggered by the fiscal lock will be published.
I can answer him simply: they will.
That is set out in section 8 of the original Budget Responsibility and National Audit Act 2011.
I welcome the support from the Lib Dem spokesperson,  the hon.
Member for Richmond Park (Sarah Olney) , for the Bill.
She asked about the definition of “significant”, a point also raised by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Walthamstow (Ms Creasy) .
The threshold set out in the draft charter for budget responsibility, which we have on the gov.uk website, is 1% of GDP in any single financial year.
The purpose of the legislation is to prevent large irresponsible fiscal announcements that could undermine economic stability, and that requires a threshold targeted at fiscally significant announcements.
That is why we have chosen that figure in the draft legislation and the draft text published on gov.uk.
Let me mention two other Members who spoke in the debate.
I welcome the support of  the hon.
Member for Angus and Perthshire Glens (Dave Doogan)  for the Bill.
I think that his only criticism was one word in the terminology, and we can probably live with that.
He said that he was nauseous from hearing us talk about being a Government of service, but he may have to get used to feeling nauseous, because we will proudly be a Government of service every day that we have the honour to serve.
Finally, I am glad that this is not an exceptional debate in which  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon)  does not make an intervention.