Sir Nicholas left us in 2015, having reached the grand age of 106; but his life and legacy as one of the great humanitarians is remembered in the town.
It is fair to say that the Palace of Westminster is slightly larger than Maidenhead town hall, where I was recently a cabinet member for communities and leisure.
However, what the town hall lacks in grandeur, statues and stained-glass windows, it makes up for in its television claim to fame.
I am of course talking about the fact that it was used as the location for “Carry on Doctor”.
When I was working in the town hall, I often saw an excited fan run up to the building to take photos, only to look slightly disappointed, knowing that they had travelled so far to see a 1960s office block.
Last but not least on today’s Maidenhead history tour, I cannot fail to mention that the Spice Girls once famously shared a  house in Maidenhead before they burst on to the music scene in 1996.
I say that even if it was three years before I was born!
Maidenhead is so much more than just the town.
I have already mentioned Cookham, which has been part of the constituency since it was established in 1997, and I have mentioned Bray, which moved into Maidenhead from the Windsor constituency, bringing those Michelin stars along with it.
It is, however, also home to Binfield, Warfield and Winkfield, which moved into the constituency at this election.
They may be the newest parts of the constituency, but they are just as important as the rest of it, and I look forward to spending time in each of them over the next few weeks as we head into recess.
I must pay tribute to Maidenhead’s fantastic primary and secondary schools.
They work to give pupils from all walks of life and all abilities the best start that they can have.
I am hugely grateful to my teachers at Alwyn, Courthouse and Furze Platts Senior schools for the work and the help they gave me.
Without it, I would not be speaking in the House today.
It would be remiss of me, however, not to talk about the challenges that we face locally.
A significant numbers of residents in my community live in poverty, and homelessness is on the rise along with reliance on food banks.
Our local baby bank, founded by local residents Rebecca and Councillor Amy Tisi, is seeing increased demand for its services.
We must take action on fuel poverty, extending free school meals and restoring the basic standard of living that vulnerable residents need the most.
Health services are patchy in Maidenhead, with GP surgeries under phenomenal pressure and the nearest general hospital being in Slough.
I am determined to see the walk-in centre reopened at St Mark’s hospital after it was closed down as a temporary measure at the beginning of covid lockdown.
I want to see the site expanded to cope with all the new homes and developments that are being built and proposed for the area.
My promise to residents is that I will not let up in my efforts to close the health gap in Maidenhead.
Maidenhead is a beautiful constituency, but if we are not careful its waterways, from Binfield cut in the south to the Thames in the north, will become open sewers.
I have pledged to residents in Cookham, Hurley, the Walthams, Bray, Binfield, Warfield, Winkfield and North Ascot that I will fight tirelessly to clean up their rivers.
I look forward to working with every single one of my colleagues in this House over the next few years to help make that happen.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker, for calling me to make my maiden speech, and may I congratulate you on your election?
I also congratulate all those who have spoken for the first time today and over the last two weeks.