I thank my hon.
Friend for making that point.
As someone who was self-employed for not far off 15 years, I understand where he is coming from.
Our work coaches at Jobcentre Plus offices engage with claimants to support access to skills provision.
They get a comprehensive range of support, which includes apprenticeships, skills bootcamps, vocational and basic training skills, and careers advice, so that they can work in a way that suits them.
Less than 1% of workers on zero-hours contracts want more hours—it is more about caring or other flexibilities—but I am happy to look at the points he has raised in the Chamber today.
I am obviously going to have to repeat myself several times.
I have set out clearly what is new today: the psychological support and the appointment of the necessary expert, in a matter of days, to take forward the work needed to get to the point where a comprehensive response can happen.
We have committed to when the timetable will happen with respect to the final inquiry, and we are doing everything we can to reach that.
While I recognise that that is a matter of three or four months further down the road, I am trying to make sure that, when the response comes, it is as comprehensive as it possibly can be, addressing all the dimensions of the misery that the hon.
Lady movingly spoke about.
I have to notify the House, in accordance with the Royal Assent Act 1967, that His Majesty has signified his Royal Assent to the following Act:
National Insurance Contributions (Reduction in Rates) Act 2023.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps he is taking to help fill job vacancies in Stroud constituency.
I had the great pleasure of visiting my hon.
Friend’s jobcentre in April.
Since then, it has been closed temporarily, I believe, and moved to Gloucester.
I am sure there is no connection. [
Interruption.]
I am really sure, I can reassure  the hon.
Member for Cambridge (Daniel Zeichner) .
Of course, it does a fantastic job in matching jobs through work coaches, jobs fairs, recruitment days and an extensive skills offering.
Work experience is often really hard to nail down—places go to those with friends and family in the sector, and employers are really busy.
That is particularly so for small skilled manufacturing businesses in Stroud, so I am working with employability experts Finito to launch a campaign for low-fuss shadowing work experience across the board.
We want to allow everybody, young and old, to find out more about weird and wonderful jobs, and to allow employers to assess candidates.
Is that something my right hon.
Friend is interested in, and will he meet me to discuss it?
I thank my hon.
Friend for the question, and I would be delighted for either me or the relevant Minister to meet her.
I know the terrific work she has done, particularly with organisations such as Finito, in getting young people ready for work.
Indeed, I believe she set up the all-party parliamentary group on the future of employability.
I am very happy to have a meeting.
What steps his Department is taking to reduce waiting times for Access to Work assessments.
Access to Work remains in high demand.
We are increasing the number of staff processing Access to Work claims, and prioritising renewal applications for those with a job start within four weeks.
We are improving the service through increased digitisation to improve the time from application through to decision.
I thank the Minister for her answer.
Back in September, I asked the then Minister about the impact of long waiting times for Access to Work assessments on the neurodiverse, and I would like to press further on the impact of long waits for assessments in the NHS.