Friend for the huge amount of work that she does in respect of local jobcentres, and for her work with those employers.
I met her just last week to discuss her focus on young people.
Her Local Jobs for Local People campaign is a great example of her tireless work for the future of the community in Ynys Môn—so, iechyd da!
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
May I begin by welcoming my new team to the Front Bench?
Joining the Under-Secretary of State for Work and Pensions, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Mid Sussex (Mims Davies) , and Lord Younger in the other place are the new Minister for Employment, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bury St Edmunds (Jo Churchill) , and the Under-Secretary of State for Work  and Pensions, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Blackpool North and Cleveleys (Paul Maynard) .
I know that they will make a great contribution to the Department.
Let me also thank those who have departed, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Sevenoaks (Laura Trott)  and my hon.
Friends the Members for Corby (Tom Pursglove) and for Hexham (Guy Opperman), who have important other duties in Government.
This has been a year of considerable achievement for my Department.
We have already heard about the cost of living payments, the support for the most vulnerable, the 6.7% increase in working-age benefits, the 8.5% increase in respect of the triple lock for pensioners, welfare reform, near-record levels of payroll employment and almost historically low levels of unemployment, and rising real wages.
I welcome the Government’s decision to boost childcare payments for parents on universal credit by almost 50%, which the Work and Pensions Committee pushed for.
I have asked the Department to review childcare rules for parents in training and education, but can my right hon.
Friend outline the other ways in which the Government are supporting low-income families in Stroud?
My hon.
Friend is being too modest in laying all the progress at the door of the Select Committee, because it was she in particular who pushed for those reforms to childcare within universal credit, and I believe that she was quite rightly name-checked by the Chancellor in his Budget statement.
We of course have the back to work plan, the extension of restart, the doubling of universal support, the greatest-ever increase in the national living wage and the reductions in employee national insurance, all of which are there to drive further employment.
I call the Scottish National party spokesperson.
During the recent covid inquiry, the former Health Secretary,  the right hon.
Member for West Suffolk (Matt Hancock) , said that statutory sick pay was “far too low” and that if he had a magic wand, he would fix it.
Given that the Secretary of State has the magic wand, as the Minister responsible for this, when is he going to fix it?
I am certainly not going to start making policy up on the hoof at the Dispatch Box this afternoon or promising more money for statutory sickness pay.
That would require discussions across Government, but I note the point that the hon.
Gentleman has made.
I welcome this Government’s back to work plan and the emphasis on work being the most effective way out of poverty.
What support can be made available for people in high unemployment areas to travel or relocate to areas of low unemployment such as Banff and Buchan, which have high numbers of vacancies, particularly in the seafood processing sector?
I thank my hon.
Friend and note his relentless support for the seafood industry more broadly and the processing industry  in particular.
I understand that the former Minister for Employment, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Hexham (Guy Opperman) , visited Scotland earlier this year to look at that industry.