Flexibility has made a difference and drives success for all.
As the Minister mentioned, the hospital industry—especially in coastal constituencies such as mine—is suffering disproportionately from high vacancy levels exacerbated by covid and the shift in working patterns.
What more can the Government do to encourage smarter working and job sharing?
For example, students and younger people could work some of the later and weekend hours—the less social hours—sharing with parents with family responsibilities, who could work more regular hours during the daytime.
The UK hospitality industry does a fantastic job, particularly at this time of the year when it is helping us to enjoy the festive season.
I am providing help and collaboration by delivering pilot schemes across the industry.
In particular, we are developing a more standardised approach to training, which includes a proposal to award a hospitality skills passport.
We need to do all we can with workers to build confidence and the right skills.
I am interested by my hon.
Friend’s idea of helping employers to refocus where the needs are, and I shall be happy to work with him, because hospitality offers a great career and transferable skills.
Whether he has had recent discussions with the Pensions Regulator on the adequacy of the administration of defined-benefit pension schemes.
I am fortunate in having already been able to meet representatives of the Pensions Regulator twice since my appointment to discuss the full gamut of their responsibilities.
Members of the BP pension scheme, a defined-benefit scheme, have seen the value of their pensions fall by 11% in real terms as a consequence of their senior management’s refusal to upgrade them in  line with the cost of living, although the pension fund itself has a £5 billion surplus.
Does the Minister agree that if the rules allow companies such as BP to deal from the bottom of the deck when it comes to their own pensioners, these are rules that need to be changed?
That is certainly something I need to look into.
When people raise the issue of specific pension schemes, I am always conscious of just how many thousands of scheme members are potentially watching, so I do not wish to speak off the cuff and raise hopes that I may not be able to fulfil.
However, I shall be happy to meet the right hon.
Gentleman to discuss the circumstances in greater detail and see what can be done.
I call Rob Roberts.
He is otherwise engaged.
I call Virginia Crosbie.
What steps his Department is taking to encourage people who are economically inactive owing to long-term sickness and disability to return to work.
The Government have a range of initiatives to help disabled people and people with health conditions to start, stay in and succeed in work.
We built on that in the autumn statement by expanding universal support, launching WorkWell pilots, reforming the fit note and establishing an expert group on occupational health.
Does the Minister agree that the Disability Confident jobs fair that I am hosting in Holyhead with my brilliant Anglesey DWP team is an opportunity for excellent local businesses such as Hafan y Môr and Llechwedd Meats, and organisations such as Môn Communities Forward and the Menter Môn enterprise hub, to help people with disabilities back into work, and will she lobby the Secretary of State to visit Ynys Môn in February to open the disability jobs fair?
I do not want to commit the Secretary of State, but I have a feeling that he will be in Ynys Môn in February.
I thank my hon.
Friend for the huge amount of work that she does in respect of local jobcentres, and for her work with those employers.
I met her just last week to discuss her focus on young people.
Her Local Jobs for Local People campaign is a great example of her tireless work for the future of the community in Ynys Môn—so, iechyd da!