That is because the industrial capacity and capability of each of the three countries is important, as is the intellectual property that will be brought forward.
That is part of what that organisation is currently establishing.
It cannot be prejudged simply because we are likely to have greater industrial capacity in certain areas relative to other countries.
The amount of project ownership will therefore fall on these factors: how much money goes in, the intellectual property and the industrial capacity.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked about RAG—red, amber, green—ratings.
If I remember rightly—I will correct the record if I am wrong—one of the reasons for the red rating was about laying a treaty for the project.
That is one of the reasons why we are laying the treaty for the project, and we will carry on systematically working through any other factors that could be slowing up the programme or causing the rating to be lower.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked about the timing for the treaty.
I am pleased that there seems to be strong cross-party consensus on this.
As he will know, passing such treaties in this House is not a particularly complex matter—the treaty will be laid before the House, and it will be a question for the business managers.
In other countries—in Italy and particularly in the Diet in Japan—there is a rather more complicated process, so the time limiter is likely to be more on their side than on ours.
They will be looking to lay the treaty at their end in the spring, and that is more likely to be the issue.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked about the timings overall.
It is a compressed timetable, with a specific requirement for it to be in service for 2035, which comes from the Japanese side because of its aircraft replacement programme.
Japan pressed the target, which we are fully signed up to, and there are a large number of milestones along the way, including a UK demonstrator aircraft, which will be very much sooner.
I hope that that information is helpful.
I am happy to write to him with any further detail and to take further questions.
In welcoming this project for a long-term future aircraft, may I ask the Secretary of State whether he agrees that the threat picture that will face it will in large measure depend on the outcome of the conflict between Ukraine and Russia?
Can he say anything to the House about the efforts that he and fellow NATO members are making to ensure that Ukraine has some current aircraft with which to defend itself, so as to improve the prospects that will face us when this future aircraft comes into being?