Friend and note his relentless support for the seafood industry more broadly and the processing industry  in particular.
I understand that the former Minister for Employment, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Hexham (Guy Opperman) , visited Scotland earlier this year to look at that industry.
Work coaches offer tailored employment support to all jobseekers and the flexible support fund is available at the discretion of jobcentres to purchase goods and services, including travel, to support claimants to move from one area to another in order to take up job opportunities.
I know that my hon.
Friend is working hard in his local area to find solutions, and I am always happy to discuss ideas with him.
Many people took the decision to pay for pension top-ups in 2020 and 2021, but in numerous instances this has not led to any increase in their state pension; nor have they received any explanation or a refund.
Has the Department made an assessment of the average delay in people receiving their pension top-ups?
The advice to anyone seeking to top up their pension or buy extra national insurance credits would be to ring the Future Pension Centre in advance of making any payments, to determine whether they would actually enhance their pension by making them.
It is always best for people to check before they make those payments, to make sure that they will improve their pension.
Ministers are rightly putting a great deal of money and focus behind back to work programmes across the country.
What progress have they made towards transparently publishing the outcomes so that we can see which programmes perform better or worse in different parts of the country and why?
The DWP regularly publishes statistics on its employment programmes, and the latest statistical release of the restart programme was published on  7 December .
The back to work plan announced further measures to tackle long-term unemployment, such as mandatory placements for those who complete restart without securing a job.
The policy detail, including the reporting, is yet to be worked through.
It is vital that local authorities such as Gateshead and voluntary community organisations know as soon as possible whether the household support fund will be extended beyond March.
Can the Secretary of State confirm when they will finally get a definitive answer on this?
As the hon.
Lady will know, these are matters for the Treasury, and specifically for the Chancellor of the Exchequer.
He and I have conversations on these matters and others.
Announcements will be made in due course, but of course the household support fund will be in place until the end of March.
At this time of year, the Department gives benefit recipients a generous Christmas gift of £10, which has not been increased for, I think, 51 years.
Will the Secretary of State look to make it at least £20 next year, to help people a bit more with the extra costs at Christmas?
As pensions Minister, my main focus is on making sure that we have a high-quality, sustainable pension system that, year on year, keeps the value of the overall state pension as high as possible and that meets our manifesto commitment to the triple lock.
That is the best way of focusing on the value of the state pension.
Twenty months ago, the Equality and Human Rights Commission issued a section 23 agreement request to the Department, following concerns regarding breaches and potential discrimination against disabled people.
Why has the Department still not reached an agreement?
As the hon.
Lady will know, there are ongoing discussions on these matters.
By virtue of the legislation that underpins those interactions, the discussions are necessarily held in private.
I am informed that they have resulted in positive engagement, and that the Department and the EHRC will come forward with a response as soon as possible.