Last week, the Office for National Statistics published figures showing that 6.6% of people of working age in Bradford are claiming out-of-work benefits, which is the highest rate in the Leeds city region.
Does the Secretary of State believe that the Government’s back to work plan is working for people in my constituency of Bradford South?
The back to work plan has billions of pounds-worth of investment behind it, including the £3.5 billion announced by the Chancellor in the spring Budget.
Such things as extending restart, bringing forward mandatory placements after 18 months to ensure that people get into work and doubling universal support are important measures that will see increased numbers in work.
I call the shadow Minister.
All we hear from the Secretary of State on employment is smoke and mirrors, but thankfully the OBR has published the numbers.
We have just heard what he believes is happening with employment because of his policies, but when the OBR looked at his policies, did its forecast show the employment rate, compared with today, to be going up or down in 2024-25?
I have already shared the figures with the House, which are that payroll employment is at a near historic high and unemployment is at a near historic low.
As the hon.
Lady will know, we have never had a Labour Government leave office with unemployment lower at the end of their term than when they started.
Youth unemployment went up 45% under the Labour party, whereas under this Conservative Government it has reduced by 45%.
You can always tell the Conservatives are struggling to answer the questions, Mr Speaker, because they go back to those same old things about what happened under the last Labour Government.
After 13 years, they have nothing to be proud of.
If what the Secretary of State said was true, we might expect that after a little time some of his policies would work, but is it not true that it is not just next year that the OBR forecasts the employment rate to be down, but the year after that, too?
We will continue to bear down on the level of unemployment.
As the hon.
Lady knows, economic inactivity has reduced, and we have 300,000 fewer people in economic inactivity than at the peak during the pandemic.
We have a plan.
Is it not the reality that the Opposition have no plan and no ideas as to how to get those numbers down?
We do, and it is working.
What steps his Department is taking to reduce levels of fraud and error in the welfare system.
In 2022-23, fraud and error fell by 10%.
We are investing £900 million in addition to that which we have already put forward to prevent £2.4 billion of fraud and error by 2024-25.
I thank the Secretary of State for his answer and welcome the measures the Government are taking.
On the new powers to search through bank accounts to look for fraudulent transactions, can he confirm that the Government will seek to use them only where fraud is suspected and will not, as some people have suggested, search every state pensioner’s bank account to look for something that almost certainly will not be there?
I thank my hon.
Friend for what is a very important question, because there has been a great deal of scaremongering about what exactly these powers are about.
I can make it categorically clear from the Dispatch Box that these powers are there to make sure that, in instances where there is a clear signal of fraud or error, my Department is able to take action.
In the absence of that, it will not.