The frustration in the way this system works means that he does not have the international lawyer of his choosing with him.
However, we will continue to highlight those failings and, as so many colleagues have highlighted, what we consider the right use of the legal system and such independent representation should be.
Every reasonable democrat will be happy to support the plea of  the right hon.
Member for Chingford and Woodford Green (Sir Iain Duncan Smith)  on behalf of Mr Lai.
However, there is a whiff of hypocrisy in the air.
In 2021, former ambassador Craig Murray was imprisoned on the fabricated conceit of jigsaw identification, and Julian Assange has been held in Belmarsh prison   for 1,300 or more days.
Will the Government lead by example and desist from harassing journalist Craig Murray and others, and free Julian Assange now?
rose—
Order.
I am not quite sure that that meets what we were expecting, so I call Jim Shannon.
While I am thankful that the Foreign Secretary publicly acknowledged the case of Jimmy Lai at the United Nations in February 2023, and reportedly raised the case with Chinese officials during his visit to Beijing, the fact is that a British citizen remains behind bars.
May I gently remind right hon.
and hon.
Members of early-day motion 213, to which they might want to add their names, and ask that the Foreign Secretary, with the voice of the entire British Government, including our Prime Minister and this House, calls for the immediate and unconditional release of Jimmy Lai, who has spent 1,000 days behind bars?
Will the Minister do that today, and follow it through tomorrow with the appropriate channels?
The hon.
Gentleman is the most incredible champion for so many whose lives, and whose families’ lives, continue to be blighted by challenges to freedom of religion or belief.
He is always willing to stand up for them.
As a Minister, I do not think I am allowed to sign EDMs, but should you wish to change that rule, Mr Speaker, I would be extremely happy to sign this one.
I think that all Members of the House who are able to sign it should do so.
I cannot sign EDMs either—even the girl guiding one—but I am sure that other Members will wish to do so.
Let us move on.
I welcome the Defence Secretary to the Dispatch Box.
Thank you for that warm welcome, Mr Speaker.
With permission I would like to share details of the treaty that I signed with my Japanese and Italian counterparts last Thursday.
A year ago, the Prime Ministers of the UK, Japan and Italy agreed to work together on a joint programme to develop a new generation of military combat aircraft.
Supersonic and armed with an array of revolutionary new capabilities, our global combat air programme, or GCAP for short, will deliver vital military capability, strengthening and sustaining our combat air sectors, and setting the standard for future combat air.
Above all, it will bolster our collective security.
The fact is that we are living in a much more dangerous and contested world.
Our skies and international airspace are increasingly contested, not least from threats posed by Russia and China.
All three treaty countries are already making significant investments in combat air to pursue these lofty ambitions.
During recent years, the Ministry of Defence alone has invested £2 billion in UK combat air technology, with a further £600 million from industry to shape the capabilities and develop the necessary skills pipeline to deliver this state-of-the-art aircraft for the future.
Today I am pleased to announce, as an early Christmas present to the House, a major milestone in that programme.
On  Thursday 14 December  in Tokyo, alongside my Italian Defence Minister colleague Guido Crosetto and my Japanese colleague Minister Minoru Kihara, I signed the GCAP treaty.
It establishes the legal basis for the formation of a new GCAP international governmental organisation.