Gentleman makes an important point, which is actually for another Department, but I will take those messages away.
What steps his Department is taking to help reduce the number of children in poverty.
What steps his Department is taking to help reduce the number of children in poverty.
What steps his Department is taking to help reduce the number of children in poverty.
In 2023-24 we are spending around £124 billion through the welfare system on people of working age and children.
Evidence shows the importance of work in reducing the risk of child poverty.
With over 900,000 vacancies across the UK, our focus is on supporting parents into, and to progress within, work.
Our recent autumn statement announcements, which included the back to work plan, increasing benefits and increasing the national living wage, are all part of our clear approach to ensuring that everybody gets the right support to progress and thrive.
I hear what the Minister says, but a recent report from UNICEF showed that of 39 OECD and EU countries, the UK came last in terms of improvements in child poverty between 2012 and 2021.
As a result, one in five children in my constituency of Stretford and Urmston are growing up in poverty.
What more can the Minister do to address this truly appalling situation?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for raising that report.
I have looked at it, and it is important that we react to it.
I point to our record of action.
When it comes to further support for households with low incomes, we have heard in the Chamber—indeed, the Secretary of State mentioned this—about raising local housing allowance back to the 30th percentile, which will benefit 1.6 million low-income households by, on average, £800 a year in 2024-25.
When that is added to the national living wage, the uprating of benefits and the availability of work, we are determined that those families will progress.
According to End Child Poverty, 30% of children in Lewisham East were in poverty in 2021-22, while Lewisham food banks have seen a 42% increase compared to 2022.
That comes after 13 years of this Conservative Government.
To make matters worse, the reported cut to the national household support fund means that more than £13 million for households across Lewisham have been taken away.
Is the Minister really serious about showing the leadership needed to stop families in my constituency from falling into destitution?
I am really serious about supporting our young people.
In fact, in Lewisham the household support fund, which is my domain, has allocated an additional £13.3 million to support the hon.
Lady’s constituents.
There are local hubs for debt management and engagement with the local authority, and warm welcome hubs.
I say to anybody struggling in her constituency to look at the benefits calculators, and indeed help for households, on gov.uk.
Figures from the Trussell Trust show that in the six months between April and September, food banks in the north-east provided a record 26,000 emergency food parcels for children, with the need having doubled over the past five years.
The majority of families who turn to food banks do so because their income, whether from social security or from wages, is too low to afford the basic essentials.
Will the Minister explain why the current design of universal credit is failing these families?
As we have heard from the Secretary of State, 400,000 fewer children are in absolute poverty, and we thank our food banks for the work they do in supporting our communities.
We do take this seriously.
We have added food security questions to the family resources survey, and we will absolutely look at that.
I would point to the hon.
Member’s constituency having been allocated an additional £8 million in the last household support fund for exactly those families.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.