What steps his Department is taking to help pensioners with the cost of living.
What steps his Department is taking to help pensioners with the cost of living.
More than 8 million pensioner households will receive a £300 payment this winter to top up their winter fuel allowance payment.
The 1.4 million pensioners currently in receipt of pension credit may also receive cost of living payments totalling up to £900 in 2023-24.
In Southport we have a significant number of pensioners who, having lost their partners, now face the added challenge of managing increased living costs alone.
Can the Minister kindly elaborate on what specific initiatives or support mechanisms are in place to assist people in those financially difficult circumstances, to ensure that they get the support they deserve?
Anyone who suffers a bereavement at any time will potentially be in severe financial difficulties.
I direct my hon.
Friend to the funeral expenses payment, which is part of the social fund.
I would also point to the wider measures that we have taken, such as applying the triple lock—there will be an 8.5% increase in the state pension next year.
We will also include cost of living payments in the winter fuel payment, of £500 or £600, depending on the age of the recipient.
Despite the welcome fall in inflation, my constituent Deborah Garrard speaks for herself and many pensioners who are concerned about a second winter of high fuel prices.
Will my hon.
Friend outline what further measures the Department is considering to help reduce pensioners’ financial burden?
I know that Mrs Garrard will not be the only older resident in the country concerned about energy prices this winter.
I just mentioned the increased cost of living payment that we are adding to the winter fuel payment.
In addition, we have increased the warm home discount to up to £150, and there is a whole suite of cold weather payments that can be made in the event of seven days of sustained cold weather.
We have a wide range of measures to help support people when faced with cold weather and high energy costs.
What steps his Department is taking to help ensure that people are financially incentivised to work.
Universal credit is specifically designed to make work pay, with strong financial incentives such as the 55% earnings taper and work allowances.
Working families can also get support with up to 85% of their childcare costs.
The maximum amounts have been increased by 47%, up to £950 for one child and £1,630 for two or more children.
Additionally, the rise in the national living wage from April means that some 2.7 million workers will be £1,800 better off, on average, as well as benefiting from national insurance cuts.
I thank the Minister for her answer and welcome her back to the Front Bench.
Basildon jobcentre recently hosted two health and social care recruitment events, which resulted in the filling of 20 vacancies, helping to reduce local unemployment.
Does the Minister agree that work is the best route out of poverty and that it is this Government who are helping more people into work and aligning vacancies with employees?
First, I would just like to take a minute to thank Basildon jobcentre, and indeed all jobcentres, for the work they do, from Chorley to the west country and back to the east.
Targeted recruitment fairs are a great way to work with specific sectors that have shortages, including health and social care, construction, manufacturing, and hospitality.
My hon.
Friend is right that getting more people into work is a top priority for the Department and across Government.
We know that it is good for wellbeing, both personally and financially, and those in work are on average £6,000 better off a year.
Whether he has made an assessment of the potential implications for his policies of UNICEF’s report entitled “Child Poverty in the Midst of Wealth”.