Friend is right that getting more people into work is a top priority for the Department and across Government.
We know that it is good for wellbeing, both personally and financially, and those in work are on average £6,000 better off a year.
Whether he has made an assessment of the potential implications for his policies of UNICEF’s report entitled “Child Poverty in the Midst of Wealth”.
The overall number of children in absolute poverty after housing costs remained stable between 2020-21 and 2021-22.
The latest statistics show that in 2021-22 there were 400,000 fewer children in absolute poverty, after housing costs, than in 2009-10.
The Government continue to provide comprehensive support to help people find, progress in and thrive in work, recognising that that has to be sustainable in tackling poverty.
A couple of weeks ago, when I asked the Prime Minister why 34% of children in Stockton North live in poverty, he claimed that child poverty was down.
But even if we rely on his and his Government’s unique measuring tool, child poverty is still up, considerably, across every part of the north-east under his watch.
According to the Joseph Rowntree Foundation, 1 million British children have suffered destitution in the past year.
When will the Prime Minister and his Ministers stop pretending that they care and make way for a Labour Government who will sort out the mess that shames the Tories?
The Government are determined to ensure that all children, wherever they come from, have the best start in life.
We are committed to supporting families and helping them into work.
The full uprating, this year and last, is the signal.
What steps his Department is taking to help reduce the number of people experiencing destitution.
The Government are, of course, fully committed to protecting the most vulnerable, which is why we rolled out £104 billion in cost of living payments across the period from 2022 to 2025.
It is why, as the Under-Secretary of State for Work and Pensions, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Mid Sussex (Mims Davies) , has repeatedly stressed, we increased the rates for the LHA housing support, and why benefits increased by the full 6.7%.
It is absolutely heartbreaking that in the world’s sixth-richest country we now have 4 million people living in destitution.
We know that disabled people are more likely to live in poverty, yet this winter disabled people will not be getting any additional help with the cost of living after the separate disability cost of living payment was quietly dropped.
The cost of living for disabled people is still going up, so will the Secretary of State commit to reinstating the payment, and at a level that meets the extra living costs faced by disabled people?
I am not sure precisely which disability payment the hon.
Gentleman is referring to, but certainly the cost of living disability payment has been paid this year, in addition to the increase in the national living wage, tax cuts and national insurance tax cuts, all of which help people, particularly those on low pay.
That is why, under this Government, the level of absolutely poverty has fallen by 1.7 million since 2010, with 400,000 fewer children in poverty.
Whether he has made an assessment of the role of flexible working arrangements in supporting people to take up employment.
Flexible working can play an important role in supporting people to start, stay in and succeed in work, and for businesses to grow.
I have already seen at first hand examples of good employers offering tailored roles or changed hours to support workers, particularly parents, who have caring responsibilities.
Flexibility has made a difference and drives success for all.
As the Minister mentioned, the hospital industry—especially in coastal constituencies such as mine—is suffering disproportionately from high vacancy levels exacerbated by covid and the shift in working patterns.
What more can the Government do to encourage smarter working and job sharing?