Lady will know, there are ongoing discussions on these matters.
By virtue of the legislation that underpins those interactions, the discussions are necessarily held in private.
I am informed that they have resulted in positive engagement, and that the Department and the EHRC will come forward with a response as soon as possible.
The world’s biggest Lidl warehouse, in Houghton Regis, is not only half a kilometre long and can deliver 9,400 pallets a day; it is also creating 1,500 jobs.
What specific help can Jobcentre Plus give to employers such as Lidl, which has a huge number of vacancies to fill in my constituency?
It is fantastic to hear of the job opportunities created by Lidl in South West Bedfordshire.
I know my hon.
Friend will be working hard with Lidl and his local jobcentre to make sure the vacancies are filled with local talent.
Jobcentres can work closely with large employers, as I have recently seen at Morrisons, which has a specific neurodiversity pilot to bring people into the job market.
The barriers that restrict neurodiverse people are often challenges around confidence and so on.
Jobcentres are a brilliant force for good, and I recommend that everybody engages with them on bespoke schemes for neurodiversity or any other focus on tackling long-term unemployment.
Order.
I hate to say it, but I have a lot of people to get in.
In 2010 there were 117,000 16 to 24-year-olds on long-term sickness and health benefits.
That figure now stands at a massive 235,000.
Why is that, and what are the Government doing about those appalling figures?
The hon.
Gentleman is right.
There has been a marked increase in the prevalence of mental health conditions, particularly among those aged 16 to 24, which is why we are bringing in measures such as universal support and talking therapies within the national health service, for which 400,000 additional places were announced by the Chancellor at the autumn statement.
We have introduced measures such as WorkWell, and others, to address exactly these issues.
I have patiently sat through questions, and I have not heard Disability Confident mentioned once.
Disability Confident  was, and I hope still is, a very successful scheme that I launched when I was a Minister—I went around the country with Simon Weston.
Can I have confidence that the scheme is still in place?
My right hon.
Friend will be delighted to know it is at the heart of the work that the Employment Minister spoke about today.
It is at the heart of our disability action plan, which Members will hear more about in the new year.
I advise all employers to focus on being disability confident and employing with confidence, rather than just writing about it on a website.
After the UK Government appallingly downgraded the dedicated role of disabilities Minister, Scope’s executive director, James Taylor, wrote to the Prime Minister saying that
“the UK’s 16 million disabled people deserve so much better than this treatment.”
It is a clear message that the UK Government do not view disabled people as a priority.
Will this Government urgently reverse their decision and reinstate the role?
That is a complete misunderstanding; the hon.
Lady refers to reinstating the role, but all the responsibilities of the previous disability Minister have been taken over by the current one, the Under-Secretary of State for Work and Pensions, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Mid Sussex (Mims Davies) , who happens to be the most experienced Minister in my Department.
She is extraordinarily capable; she absolutely understands the issues and will do a fantastic job.
I warmly welcome the new disabilities Minister, as I know she shares my passion for closing the autism employment gap.