This House  could send a message to the rest of the world through an early-day motion.
An early-day motion was tabled on  13 December  by  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon) , and more Members need to sign it.
I will not give the honour to people outside this Chamber who decry early-day motions—although, in fact, there are not that many of them.
If we want to send a message, there is a methodology, although it is not the only one.
I know that lots of colleagues do not like signing early-day motions, but on this occasion, perhaps they should.
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The tools that we have at our disposal here in the mother of Parliaments, which allow for freedom of speech and expression, are incredibly important.
As a Minister who spends a lot of her time on the other side of the world in countries large and small, I am very conscious that the messaging from this Parliament is heard loud and clear in every other country.
We perhaps forget just how important our voice is in standing up for the values that we believe in.
Mr Lai’s detention is a shocking symbol of the erosion not just of human rights but of freedom of expression in Hong Kong.
Given everything that we are seeing unfolding, what steps is the Minister taking to ensure that we are supportive of what remains of a free press in Hong Kong?
Jimmy Lai has been an extraordinary champion of free speech, which he chose to continue, despite the changing landscape in Hong Kong.
We continue to support people across the piece, many of whom have come to the UK for sanctuary, to be able to be able to speak out and use our freedom of press to share their concerns and highlight the abuses they are seeing.
I join the calls for Jimmy Lai’s release.
He is a devout Catholic, and his faith motivates his courageous campaigning for democracy in Hong Kong.
After the sustained dismantling in Hong Kong of freedoms of expression, of association, of the press, of judicial independence and others, does the Minister share my concerns that the threats to freedom of religion or belief in Hong Kong are now very real?
If she does not, will she please read “Sell Out My Soul: The Impending Threats to Freedom of Religion or Belief in Hong Kong”, the new report by Hong Kong Watch?
My hon.
Friend continues in her role to be an extraordinary champion for freedom of religion or belief, and I absolutely agree with her.
We continue, of course, to monitor freedom of religion or belief in Hong Kong through our regular six-monthly reports to Parliament and through interactions with local faith leaders.
The latest report, published on  19 September , noted that:
“Religious practice is generally not restricted,”
with a variety of
“religious practices coexisting across the territory.”
She is absolutely right: the strength that Jimmy Lai seeks and finds through his faith is extraordinary and it will help him in this very difficult time.
I congratulate  the right hon.
Member for Chingford and Woodford Green (Sir Iain Duncan Smith)  on securing the urgent question.
Jimmy Lai has many supporters in the UK, including Brits and those from Hong Kong, but many of them have experienced intimidation and harassment here in the UK from the Chinese Communist party.
Those from Hong Kong face certain persecution, arrest and detention if they are forced to return.
Twelve activists have recently been told by the UK Government that they are not at risk and have had their asylum claims rejected.
Can the Minister explain UK Government policy on whether Hong Kong campaigners should qualify for asylum in the UK?
As I set out earlier, we brought forward the British nationals overseas route for Hong Kong residents to come to the UK.