The Trussell Trust has recently reported that in the past year there has been an 80% increase in the number of children   in Stretford and Urmston being supported with food parcels.
Can the Minister tell me why it believes that is the case?
The record speaks for itself: this Government have been behind £104 billion-worth of support for the most vulnerable over the period 2022 to 2025; poverty in absolute terms, after housing, has fallen by 1.7 million since 2009-10, when the hon.
Gentleman’s party was last in office; we have 400,000 fewer children and 200,000 fewer pensioners in absolutely poverty—under the last Labour Government, we had the fourth highest level of pensioner poverty in Europe; and we have put the national living wage up by 9.8% and cut taxes as well.
May I add my warm welcome to my near neighbour, the Under-Secretary of State for Work and Pensions, my hon.
Friend the Member for Mid Sussex, as the new disabilities Minister?
Does she acknowledge that one feature of covid has been a big increase in the incidence of mental health issues, particularly among younger people?
What is her Department doing to tailor its programmes to get those non-working parts of the population who have not been working since covid and are suffering from mental health challenges back into the workforce?
I thank my hon.
Friend for welcoming me to this brief.
I will still be very much focused on young people and those key transitions in their lives.
We have our reform relating to universal support, our fit note reform and our WorkWell partnerships, which launched on  16 November  and will support 60,000 long-term sick and disabled people to start, stay and succeed in work.
The youth hubs we have at the Department for Work and Pensions, which are focused on the under-25s, zero in on this issue in particular.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs what steps he is taking to support Jimmy Lai during his trial and if he will call for his immediate and unconditional release.
The Foreign Secretary has called on the Hong Kong authorities to end their prosecution of Jimmy Lai and release him.
He also urged the Chinese authorities to repeal the national security law and end the prosecution of all individuals charged under it.
The Foreign Secretary and I welcomed the opportunity to meet Mr Lai’s son, Sebastien, again last week and to listen to his concerns as the trial approached.
As the Foreign Secretary has made clear, Mr Lai’s prosecution is politically motivated.
He has faced multiple charges to discredit and silence him.
As an outspoken journalist and publisher, he has been targeted in a clear attempt to stop the peaceful exercise of his rights to freedom of expression and association.
The Foreign Secretary raised Mr Lai’s prosecution with Foreign Minister Wang Yi on  5 December , as his predecessor did in Beijing on  30 August .
We will continue to press for Mr Lai’s release with the Hong Kong and Chinese authorities.
Diplomats from our consulate general attended court today as a visible sign of the UK’s support, and they will continue to do so.
We will continue to press for consular access to Mr Lai, which the Hong Kong prison authorities have repeatedly refused.
China considers anyone of Chinese heritage born in China to be a Chinese national.
It does not recognise other nationalities and therefore considers Mr Lai to be exclusively Chinese.
More broadly, we have made it clear that the national security law has damaged Hong Kong and its way of life.
Rights and freedoms have been significantly eroded and arrests under the law have silenced opposition voices.
It is a clear breach of the Sino-British joint declaration, the legally binding UN-registered treaty that China willingly entered into.
Its continued existence and use is a demonstration of China breaking its international commitments.