We will be working very closely with like-minded partners—US, Canadian, Australian, New Zealand, European and Swiss representatives were also in court today—to make it clear that we all have one view, which is that this is a trial from which Jimmy Lai needs to be released.
I am interested in the question of Mr Lai’s nationality status.
If he is a full British citizen, will my right hon.
Friend confirm whether Hong Kong has unilaterally withdrawn consular rights for foreign missions to visit their citizens in prison, or is that specifically the case for those imprisoned under the national security law?
Whichever it is, could she confirm that the Foreign Office has done everything  possible to ensure that the Hong Kong Government realise that those rights of access for our citizens should not be violated lightly?
My hon.
Friend is right that consular access should, in an ideal world, be provided to all those who find themselves in prison, whatever the country.
The frustrating fact is that it is up to a country—not specifically China—whether it considers dual nationality acceptable.
Obviously, we will consider such a dual national British; they will have a British passport.
We have absolutely done everything, and we continue to ask for consular access for Jimmy Lai.
I was able to help him get a new passport earlier in the year because his old one had run out; we worked with the Home Office to ensure that.
We are very comfortable and certain that he is indeed a British citizen, but as I set out, the Hong Kong authorities consider a Hong Kong national born in mainland China to be a Chinese citizen—hence their view on dual nationality, and the impossibility of our authorities visiting him in prison at the moment.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
I thank  the right hon.
Member for Chingford and Woodford Green (Sir Iain Duncan Smith)  for securing this urgent question, and Lord Alton, Baroness Kennedy and  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon)  for their continuing and unwavering support for Jimmy Lai, who, as a UK national, is entitled to expect much more support from the Government than he has thus far received.
A 76-year-old pro-democracy campaigner in ailing health has been imprisoned for more than 1,000 days on trumped-up charges, yet it was only yesterday that his Government finally called for him to be released.
I hope that I have misunderstood the Minister, but are we to believe that the UK’s influence is so diminished that we cannot get access to Mr Lai in prison?
Will she detail what practical support is being given to him now that his show trial has started, and will she give a cast-iron guarantee that, in the event that Beijing gets the verdict that it is looking for, the Government will proactively come to this House to make a statement on what action they intend to take, rather than having it dragged out of them through another urgent question?
I will not reiterate my previous answer on the subject of consular access and the challenges that we face in being able to support Jimmy Lai in that way.
I reiterate the hon.
Member’s point that many colleagues across the House have been ardent champions and supporters of Jimmy Lai, and indeed of his family as they seek to ensure that his case is understood across the world.
We will continue to call for Jimmy Lai’s release.
The national security law needs to be repealed.
Those are messages that we will continue to highlight with the authorities at every possible opportunity.
Can I thank you personally, Mr Speaker, for granting today’s urgent question?
The pantomime trial of Jimmy Lai is just the tip of a huge iceberg of the Chinese Communist party’s industrial-scale abuse of human rights and indifference to the international rule of law.