As we set out in the integrated review refresh published in March, China’s challenge to both economic and global security is one that we consider to be right at the heart of the challenges we face.
We continue to work closely with officials and in concert with G7 and other partners around the world to tackle some of those challenges.
The Minister will be aware, I hope, that Timothy Owen KC, who is part of Jimmy Lai’s defence team, is currently in Hong Kong but, because of the failure to give him a visa to deal with Jimmy Lai’s case, is not able to appear for Jimmy Lai.
Will she make representations to the local authorities as a matter of urgency saying that surely the right to appoint counsel of one’s own choosing is a fundamental in any fair legal system, and that we would expect that opportunity to be given to Mr Lai?
The interpretation by China’s Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress of the national security law at the end of last year stated that the Chief Executive would have to certify whether an act or issue involved national security, including the question of overseas lawyers’ participation; otherwise, its statement was that the Chief Executive-led National Security Committee should make the decision.
So, attempts to challenge that have sadly failed and the High Court has noted that Hong Kong courts have no jurisdiction over it, but we have called on the Chief Executive to respect those rights and freedoms in Hong Kong and to uphold the rule of law as we all understand it.
How many times must a totalitarian communist state behave like a totalitarian communist state before the Government will recognise it as a totalitarian communist state?
I do not quite know how to follow such an articulately put question.
My right hon.
Friend highlights one of the many challenges for those of us who believe in, uphold and want to allow other countries around the world to uphold those values and freedoms—freedom of speech, freedom of choice and freedom of association—and we will continue to work with allies and partners to highlight and to sanction, where we can and where we have the tools to do so, those who continue to breach those freedoms.
I pay tribute to Jimmy Lai’s UK-based legal team.
However, they have been subject to incredible levels of cyber harassment and other forms of harassment and interference while working on his legal case.
What is the Minister doing with other Departments to ensure that lawyers and journalists involved in promoting and advocating for freedom and democracy around the world are protected from such unacceptable levels of transnational repression?
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right: there have been shocking attempts to dissuade, make fearful and stop Jimmy Lai’s legal teams here in the UK getting on with their job of defending his case and raising the issues that we have set out today.
We work closely with the Home Office, as do his lawyers, to support it and other parts of Government to provide those teams with the technical support that they need.
We will continue to do that.
It is perhaps a question to pick up and discuss in more detail with the Minister for Security, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Tonbridge and Malling (Tom Tugendhat) .
I can ask him whether he will discuss it with the hon.
Lady, should she so wish.
Ten days ago, on  8 December , Jimmy had his 76th birthday—it is not rude to say that he is not a young man.
This House  could send a message to the rest of the world through an early-day motion.
An early-day motion was tabled on  13 December  by  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon) , and more Members need to sign it.