I would point to the hon.
Member’s constituency having been allocated an additional £8 million in the last household support fund for exactly those families.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
On Friday, pupils at Shaftesbury Junior School in my constituency gave me the lovely Christmas earrings that I am wearing, which they made themselves using computer-aided design.
I am so proud of all their achievements, especially when more than a third of Leicester’s children are growing up in poverty, with all the challenges that brings.
As my hon.
Friends have said, figures from UNICEF show that under this Government the UK has had the biggest increase in child poverty out of the world’s 40 wealthiest countries.
My question is simple: what is the Minister going to do about it?
The hon.
Lady will have heard about our work on the LHA.
I am extremely proud of the difference that it will make to families in her constituency and mine.
With almost 1 million job vacancies across the UK, our firm believe is that supporting all families to progress and do well is the right thing to do.
That comes with the full uprating that we have done this year on working-age benefits and supporting the LHA.
The hon.
Lady made the point that it has been a difficult time, and the household support fund and the cost of living payments, which start again on  6 February , will assist.
The Minister is completely out of touch with the reality facing families in Britain today: 3.8 million people face severe hardship this year, including 1 million children.
Quite frankly, that is a shameful figure that has almost trebled since this Government abolished Labour’s Child Poverty Act 2010.
Millions of parents are now worried about how they will feed, clothe or keep their children warm this Christmas, let along how they will buy them presents.
When will the Minister  change course, follow Labour’s lead and deliver a cross-Government child poverty strategy that gives every child the start in life that they deserve?
We will absolutely not follow Labour’s lead—let us look at their record.
People might be worried ahead of Christmas.
Cost of living payments, the household support fund, the benefits calculator and help for households are all out there.
I want the people watching now to know that support is there.
Progression will vary depending on circumstances; we have a tailored approach.
We have 37 district progression leads to help exactly those families that the hon.
Lady talks about.
I call the Scottish National party spokesperson.
The actions that we take to lift children out of poverty say an awful lot about our values.
In Scotland, we have lifted 90,000 children out of poverty, with measures such as the game-changing Scottish child payment.
Here in London, we have a Westminster Government, supported by the Labour party, wedded to a two-child policy that pushes 250,000 children into poverty.
What does the Minister think it says about Westminster’s values on child poverty that they are wedded to a two-child policy with a rape clause?
Adults in workless households are seven times more likely to be in poverty than those in working households.
That is why our focus is on work.
The Scotland Act 2016 gave the Scottish Parliament the powers that have been invoked, including on the child payment, and that is very pleasing for us.
The Act transferred those powers for carers and disability benefits, worth £3.3 billion.
The hon.
Gentleman and his Government can make the decisions that suit their communities.
That is the right approach.
What steps his Department is taking to help pensioners with the cost of living.
What steps his Department is taking to help pensioners with the cost of living.
More than 8 million pensioner households will receive a £300 payment this winter to top up their winter fuel allowance payment.