On my handover from the previous Minister, I would take issue with the hon.
Lady about the focus he had on reforming Access to Work and making sure it was fit for purpose, but I am happy to engage with her further.
All we see from this Government are delays: delays processing Access to Work applications; delays publishing the disability action plan; and now delays in appointing the new Minister.
When her new role was finally announced, it had been downgraded from Minister of State to Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State.
What message does she think that sends to disabled people, and will she push to be made Minister of State like her predecessor?
I thank the hon.
Lady for lobbying for my elevation and rank in this House.
I am delighted to respond by making it clear to the lobby and to those we are talking about and looking after that that makes no material difference to their day-to-day life.
There is no difference in my convening power or in the day-to-day work.
Our next cross-Government ministerial disability champions meeting is in the new year.
Let me be clear: this is not about rank.
We are sent to this House to serve people and to engage and listen, and I will do that whatever the title or rank.
What steps his Department is taking to support the long-term unemployed into work.
What steps his Department is taking to support the long-term unemployed into work.
It is a pleasure to be back, Mr Speaker.
We are delivering a suite of measures as part of the back to work plan, supporting customers on their journey to employment.
That is focused on developing skills and building confidence through interventions such as the restart scheme.
We are working across Government to support those with health conditions get back to work, with programmes such as our WorkWell service.
As a Conservative MP from a working-class background, I believe fundamentally in aspiration, hard work and fairness.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that the benefit system must be a safety net for those in genuine need, and that those people who can work should work?
I thank my hon.
Friend because he speaks perfectly for those of us across the Conservative family.
Work is positive, a force for good, and the system should be fair to the taxpayer and the claimant, with checks and balances.
It is right that, on average, those in work are some £6,000 better off per year.
Universal credit was introduced and further rolled out because it is a welfare system that makes work pay.
Skills are clearly key to supporting the long-term unemployed to find work.
Buckinghamshire Council is launching a series of skills bootcamps, targeted at the long-term unemployed.
For example, one bootcamp will provide construction skills, including a construction skills certification scheme card, plus support to reach self-employment and wraparound support on how to set up a company.
Will my hon.
Friend congratulate Buckinghamshire Council on that initiative, and say what more she can do to ensure that those who need to upgrade their skills base are able to do so?
I am delighted to congratulate not only Buckinghamshire Council but my hon.
Friend on the fantastic work he does in his constituency.
Upskilling jobseekers, particularly in areas such as construction where we need more domestic workers, is vital.
The Department for Work and Pensions continues to support individuals into employment through back to work programmes such as the restart scheme, which provides tailored training programmes and sector-based work academy programmes similar to those mentioned by my hon.
Friend.
It offers training, work placements, and guaranteed job interviews, and I am committed to exploring what more can be done.
Earlier today I met Everyone’s Environment, and we talked about how we can ensure that people with disabilities benefit from some of the new green jobs and training that are coming on board.