Twelve activists have recently been told by the UK Government that they are not at risk and have had their asylum claims rejected.
Can the Minister explain UK Government policy on whether Hong Kong campaigners should qualify for asylum in the UK?
As I set out earlier, we brought forward the British nationals overseas route for Hong Kong residents to come to the UK.
So far, approximately 191,000 applications have been processed, and 184,700 have been granted.
The point the hon.
Gentleman mentions is one that I am aware the Home Office is looking into.
There has been a change in relation to age in the processing, and there is an issue there that I know it is looking at now.
I will ask the Home Office to update him once it has finished its review.
A regime such as this has to be judged not on its words, but on its deeds.
In its systematic demolition of the rule of law and now of the independence of the legal profession itself, which was such a lively part of an economically successful and prosperous Hong Kong, China is demonstrating its real intentions.
What more can the Government do not only to take direct action by way of sanction against the individuals concerned, but to make the strong point that the Basic Law is not an historical document, but a living instrument, and that we expect it to be adhered to?
My right hon.
and learned Friend highlights an issue with which he is very familiar—he practises the law—and, indeed, he is absolutely right.
The judiciary, the legal profession and those who are servants of it assure the safety and the right outcome of cases, and we will continue to challenge the Hong Kong authorities on the failures of the national security law and call for it to be repealed.
The rule of law and how it is upheld across the world are absolutely essential to our global security and peace, and Mr Lai’s case shows how fragile they are, so what more can the Government do to reassert the importance of our all abiding by the rule of law?
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right, and much of the work that our diplomatic teams across the world do is in countries where the rule of law is not necessarily adhered to, but where there are abuses, human rights violations and so on.
We continue to highlight and challenge those, working alongside international partners to persuade those leaderships to change their ways, and to understand both the merits of a well-delivered legal system and the value that adds to the credibility of the political leadership of their nations.
It is something we do week in, week out.
Sadly, there are  many countries across the world where these challenges continue, but it is right at the heart of the diplomatic service’s work.
The use of international lawyers has been a long-standing practice in Hong Kong, and we have failed Mr Lai.
Will the Minister advise exactly what steps will be taken, and when, to secure or attempt to secure international legal representation of the British citizen Mr Lai?
As I set out in answer to an earlier question, Jimmy Lai obviously wanted to have his own choice of legal representation.
He has a fantastic team of lawyers here in the UK supporting him.
The challenge for those representing him at the trial is one that we continue to highlight, as I set out earlier.
The frustration in the way this system works means that he does not have the international lawyer of his choosing with him.
However, we will continue to highlight those failings and, as so many colleagues have highlighted, what we consider the right use of the legal system and such independent representation should be.
Every reasonable democrat will be happy to support the plea of  the right hon.