Will the Secretary of State confirm what funding has been made available for GCAP in the defence budget for 2025 and 2026?
In response to a written question, the then procurement Minister,  the right hon.
and learned Member for Cheltenham (Alex Chalk) , told me back in March:
“We will determine the cost-sharing arrangements ahead of the next phase”.
Has that now been done, ahead of the treaty signing?
Meanwhile, the Infrastructure and Projects Authority this year downgraded the GCAP programme to red, which rates
“successful delivery…to be unachievable.
There are major issues which at this stage do not appear to be manageable or resolvable.”
What are the major issues that led to the IPA downgrade?
What action is the Secretary of State now taking to lift the red rating?
The Secretary of State said this afternoon that the joint development phase will launch in 2025.
His press statement on the treaty signing said this combat aircraft is
“due to take to the skies in 2035”.
Keeping the programme on time, as well as in budget, will be critical, so by what date does he expect the design to be locked down, the national work shares to be settled, the manufacturing agreements to be in place, and the first flight trials to begin?
Signing the treaty is the easy part.
Britain and its allies must now do the hard work to get this new-generation fighter aircraft in the air and on time.
May I start by warmly welcoming the right hon.
Gentleman’s welcoming of this treaty signing and the overall programme?
As I say, Members on both  sides of the House agree that the defence of the realm comes first.
In an ever more dangerous world, it is important to have the facilities that a sixth-generation fighter aircraft would bring.
The right hon.
Gentleman mentioned that the HQ is coming to London, but I want to put it on record that it is coming to the UK.
We have not decided a location for it yet.
I think there are 20-plus potential locations, so I would not want to assume that it will be based in London.
We are not as London-centric on everything as he may be.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked about examples of working internationally previously.
It is worth pointing out that the Typhoon was Italian, British, German and Spanish, and it has been a very successful programme.
We are used to working with partners, including Italy, which is involved in this programme.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked about article 50 export issues.
I think his question is born out of a specific concern about German export licences, which we believe are resolvable.
Time will tell.
On a wider basis, we recognise that such an aircraft can only be truly successful if the market is greater than the UK, Italy and Japan.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked about the broader equipment plans, and he mentioned the £16.9 billion programme.
There are a number of caveats.
Of course, we have seen huge inflation, but at the other end we have also seen a big expansion of the amount of money that is going into our 10-year equipment programme.
That number, which was a snapshot in time, was taken before the refresh and takes into account programmes that will and will not happen, so it is not quite as black and white as he presented.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked about cost sharing on the programme.
That is part of what the process of discussions both on the treaty and on the new GIGO organisation will ascertain.
That is because the industrial capacity and capability of each of the three countries is important, as is the intellectual property that will be brought forward.
That is part of what that organisation is currently establishing.
It cannot be prejudged simply because we are likely to have greater industrial capacity in certain areas relative to other countries.