More than that, it is a programme of such size and sophistication—it is a programme that will innovate on such an extraordinary scale, using artificial intelligence, digital twinning, open architecture and robotic engineering —that I believe it will inspire a whole new generation to get into engineering, aerospace and defence.
Today, we are glimpsing the future, and it comes after months of intensive work to get this together with Japan and Italy, establishing the concept of a GCAP aircraft and the joint structures to launch the development phase in 2025.
One year on from the landmark deal that three Prime Ministers put together, our GCAP partnership is soaring to new heights.
Getting here has been the product of immense effort and long sleepless nights from colleagues in all three countries.
I pay tribute to their tireless effort, because today we fire up the thrusters to turbo-boost our nations towards a revolutionary air capability.
That capability will one day surpass an earlier pantheon of legends in the sky, from the Spitfire to the Tornado and from the Typhoon to the F-35.
It is a capability that will initiate a step-change in the industrial co-operation between our three nations and will usher in a new era of combat air power.
Given all it will do for our country, I have no doubt that, when it comes to formally laying the treaty for ratification before this Parliament, it will meet with the approval of colleagues on both sides of the House.
The treaty has been published on gov.uk today, and I commend this statement to the House.
I thank the Defence Secretary for his statement this afternoon and for early sight of it.
We welcome the treaty that he signed on behalf of the UK last week with Japan and Italy, and we warmly welcome the decision to locate the GCAP government  headquarters in London.
The treaty is the latest in the planned steps for developing our tri-nation sixth-generation fighter and weaponry.
Ukraine has shown us that some of our strongest allies are in east Asia and the Pacific, and we share with them concern about China’s growing military power and assertiveness in the region.
We want to see peace, stability and deterrence strengthened in the Indo-Pacific.
GCAP is, like AUKUS, a strategic UK commitment to contribute to that.
I know it is welcomed in Washington and Canberra, just like AUKUS.
Most importantly, developing a sixth-generation fighter will ensure that we can continue to safeguard our UK skies and those of our NATO allies for decades to come.
It will inspire innovation, strengthen UK industry and keep Britain at the cutting edge of defence technology.
The Defence Secretary is right to report that to the House.
Defence industrial collaboration underpinned by treaty is unusual.
It is a multi-decade undertaking for this nation.
As the Secretary of State says, it should command support across the House, and Ministers should report on it openly and regularly.
May I ask him what scope the treaty allows to work with other allies, both at a secondary level and as primary partners?
Does article 50 ensure that the export problems with the Typhoon will not be encountered with GCAP?
When will he lay the treaty before Parliament for ratification?
This month, the National Audit Office reported on the MOD’s equipment plan.
It exposed a £17 billion black hole in Britain’s defence plans and showed that Ministers have lost control of the defence budget.
In June, the defence Command Paper reaffirmed that the UK would spend £2 billion on this project “out to 2025”.
Will the Secretary of State confirm what funding has been made available for GCAP in the defence budget for 2025 and 2026?
In response to a written question, the then procurement Minister,  the right hon.
and learned Member for Cheltenham (Alex Chalk) , told me back in March:
“We will determine the cost-sharing arrangements ahead of the next phase”.