Friend  the Member for Mid Sussex (Mims Davies) , who happens to be the most experienced Minister in my Department.
She is extraordinarily capable; she absolutely understands the issues and will do a fantastic job.
I warmly welcome the new disabilities Minister, as I know she shares my passion for closing the autism employment gap.
Will she work with me, as we reach the closing stages of my independent review of autism and employment, to make sure that the publication of the report will be the beginning of a process whereby we can dramatically tackle the scandal of having fewer than three in 10 autistic adults in employment?
I thank my right hon.
and learned Friend for the opportunity to build on that incredible work, which will be life-changing for many of our constituents.
The people we are talking about today are not statistics; they are humans, and they need to have a real difference in their lives.
For Opposition Members, and everyone else listening today, let me say that I am determined to make sure that those people have a voice across Government and that I use my experience to deliver.
Further to the point made by  the hon.
Member for Leeds East (Richard Burgon) , a recent report by the National Institute of Economic and Social Research suggested that destitution in Northern Ireland is set to rise to 67%.
That is a truly horrific and worrying figure.
What discussions has the Minister had with partners back home in Northern Ireland on this matter?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for raising this point.
Our focus is on tackling poverty and making sure that work supports everyone across the UK.
I am delighted to be coming to Northern Ireland fairly soon, when I will pick up those discussions further.
The great working city of Gloucester has a high employment rate, but we still have some people who could help to fill vacancies in both city and county.
So the Gloucester opportunities fair on  23 February  provides a great opportunity not just for all my constituents, including to get free advice on debt, volunteering and benefits, but perhaps for the new Employment Minister, whom I welcome to her place, to come to join us in celebrating the availability in Gloucester and the support for those working there.
If my diary allows, I would be delighted to join my hon.
Friend.
My constituents Susan and David Cfas have made representations to me about the situation facing them and many other pensioners who are having to access benefits and other Government support because they are stuck in an annuity trap, whereby at retirement they posted an annuity, which has remained fixed.
Will my right hon.
Friend meet me to discuss the plight of pensioners in that situation to see whether more can be done to encourage them to access different approaches to increase their income?
That is certainly one reason why we are trying to get people to engage in a more considered way with what they do at the point of the decumulation of their pension funds, but I am more than happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss his specific concerns about annuities in due course.
The Trussell Trust has recently reported that in the past year there has been an 80% increase in the number of children   in Stretford and Urmston being supported with food parcels.
Can the Minister tell me why it believes that is the case?
The record speaks for itself: this Government have been behind £104 billion-worth of support for the most vulnerable over the period 2022 to 2025; poverty in absolute terms, after housing, has fallen by 1.7 million since 2009-10, when the hon.