Much of the unemployment in my constituency is on the Isle of Sheppey.
With that in mind, will she join me in welcoming the radical shake-up of secondary education now taking place on the island, and in addition the extension of Sheppey College to provide additional post-16 skill training courses, which is being part-funded by the Government’s levelling-up fund?
I join my hon.
Friend in that, because any way we can help lift skills across the piece, such as through boot camps and workplace academy programmes, to help people into high-skill, well-paid jobs, particularly in areas where perhaps that has not been the norm, is to be welcomed and congratulated.
rose—
Is it really linked?
I call Jim Shannon.
May I first thank the Minister for what she is going to do for the Sittingbourne and Sheppey constituency as that is absolutely brilliant?
However, I would love to see the same thing happening across all of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, and in particular in Strangford.
Could the Minister work with the local colleges, which can provide opportunity and skills?
It is better—
Order.
I can save the Minister replying.
The question is only about filling job vacancies in Sittingbourne and Sheppey, not the rest of the world.
Let us move on.
That was a good effort but, out of 10, I would give it one.
What steps he is taking to reform the welfare system.
What steps his Department is taking to reform the welfare system.
On reforming welfare, we are increasing the incentives to work and increasing the disincentives not to work or to engage with the system, and we are looking to better target help for those who need it most.
I am most grateful to my right hon.
Friend for that answer.
I recently discussed the consultation on changes to the personal independence payment with Waveney SHIMS—Suffolk Help in Multiple Sclerosis—our local MS support group.
It highlighted the need for a more targeted and fair approach for those with fluctuating conditions, which should include the scrapping of the 20 metre and the 50% rules, and the need for assessments to be carried out by those qualified and with a full understanding of neurological conditions.
Could he confirm that the review will take these matters into consideration?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question and considerable interest and knowledge in this area, and for the discussions he has held with me on these matters.
As he will know, we are currently going through a 12-week consultation on how PIP can be reformed.
I certainly subscribe to the view that we want to examine the issue of one size fits all and whether there are better ways of looking after people.
I welcome the Government’s welfare reforms and celebrate the millions of additional people now in work thanks to this Conservative Government.
I note that every Labour Government there has ever been has left more people unemployed and on the dole queue at the end than at the beginning—theirs is a truly disgraceful record.
However, can my right hon.
Friend assure my constituents who may be chronically ill or vulnerable that, although there will be support in place, they will not be forced back into work if that is not appropriate?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Work is essential and is at the heart of the reforms we are bringing through.
Indeed the Office for Budget  Responsibility has assessed the impact of our measures with the work capability assessment reforms, for example, as leading to over 400,000 fewer people on those benefits by the end of the forecast period.
I am very proud of that achievement because, as he highlights, that will mean more people have work and the benefits of it.