I call the shadow Minister.
Let’s get some facts.
On  1 January 2024 , there were 24,874 people awaiting an Access to Work decision, on  1 February , 26,924, on  1 March , 29,871 and on  1 April , 32,445.
Every month, the figure keeps increasing, so since the beginning of 2024 the Access to Work backlog has risen by more than 7,500.
Does the Minister really think this is supporting more disabled people back into work?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her points.
If we are trading figures, at the close of business on  7 May 2024 , there were 36,721 applications awaiting decision.
I remind those people listening why this matters.
This is very significant support—demand-led support—for people who are getting opportunities to work or taking on new roles.
This grant can provide up to £66,000-worth of flexible personalised support per person per year.
It is absolutely right that we get the right information from the individual and take time to approve a significant application such as this.
I am absolutely shocked that the Minister brags about the Access to Work backlog increasing to 36,721.
Last month, the UN published its latest review of how the UK has implemented its convention on the rights of disabled persons, the first since 2017.
The Access to Work backlog was just one of the many reasons cited as evidence that the Government are still failing to take all appropriate measures to address grave and systemic violations of disabled people’s rights.
Does the Minister have any plans to put this right by finally implementing the UN’s recommendations, or is she going to ignore them, as successive Tory Governments have consistently ignored disabled people?
I am disappointed not to be enough of a bragger in this House, but I am very pleased that we are taking time to make sure that the tailored support is correct.
We are working around fit notes and occupational health.
We are also listening to those who are deaf and hard of hearing, who make up 36% of the total Access to Work expenditure, and I will be bringing more to the House on that matter.
We are absolutely focused on improving this, with online 24/7 applications for Access to Work.
On the other points the hon.
Lady makes, if she listens to the BBC “Access All” podcast, she will hear me say that we are very disappointed about that report.
We continue to work very hard for disabled people and we will be doing all we can to make sure they are listened to—unlike her not listening to a word I said just now.
What steps he is taking to help fill job vacancies in Sittingbourne and Sheppey constituency.
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
Fantastically, as the timing would have it, the team in his constituency are today holding a jobs fair at Swale leisure centre, with the support of 48 local employers.
The local radio station is broadcasting live from the event to promote opportunities, and the DWP is working hard day in, day out to get people into work.
I thank my hon.
Friend for that reply, but does she agree that it is also important to ensure that people who are unemployed have the education and skills training needed to take the jobs on offer?
Much of the unemployment in my constituency is on the Isle of Sheppey.
With that in mind, will she join me in welcoming the radical shake-up of secondary education now taking place on the island, and in addition the extension of Sheppey College to provide additional post-16 skill training courses, which is being part-funded by the Government’s levelling-up fund?
I join my hon.