Does the Minister feel satisfied that officers and inmates will be safe from prisoners at HMP Parc?
As I set out earlier, although I consider assault rates still to be too high, they are lower than they were in 2015-16 and similar years.
It is clear that any assault on a member of staff is one too many.
Sadly, assaults occur across the estate, and that is why we are backing our staff with body-worn cameras, and why they have PAVA, for example, which they can deploy when they are at imminent risk.
I thank the Minister for his answers and helpful suggestions to other Members.
What steps can be taken to restore confidence in the safeguarding and access to appropriate medical care for those who are imprisoned in facilities throughout this great United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland?
An investigation may well conclude that there was no fault, but this matter has certainly raised questions regarding levels of care and access to medical care and facilities.
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for his important question.
I have set out the steps that we are taking in Parc to train staff to use naloxone in order to buy precious time to enable professional medical services to arrive.
Across England and Wales, prisons come under my jurisdiction as Prisons Minister.
In Wales, healthcare is devolved; in England, healthcare in prisons is the responsibility of and provided by the NHS.
We seek to ensure that prisons have effective and close working relationships, at a macro and operational level, with their local health board or local NHS.
I beg to move,
That the draft Procurement Regulations 2024, which were laid before this House on  25 March , be approved.
This statutory instrument represents a significant legislative step in implementing the Procurement Act 2023, which seizes the opportunity, following Brexit, to develop and implement a new public procurement regime for over £300 billion-worth of public contracts.
The new regime helps to deliver the Prime Minister’s promise to grow the economy by creating a simpler and more transparent system that will deliver better value for money, reducing costs for businesses and the public sector.
The regulations bring to life and set out the practical detail necessary for the functioning of many of the Act’s provisions.
They address many of the points of practical detail that are more appropriately set out in regulations given their detailed nature and propensity to change and need updating from time to time.
Many of the measures set out the detail required to be provided in notices required by the Act, which allow contracting authorities to conduct their public procurement in an open, transparent and informative manner.
They include the particular contents of various notices that will be used to communicate opportunities and details about forthcoming, in-train and completed procurements.
Does the Minister think the regulations are duly simplified so that it is feasible for the self-employed and very small businesses to have access to contracts?
Is there any provision for breaking down contract sizes so that the self-employed and small businesses have more opportunity?
My right hon.
Friend asks a pertinent question—one that was at the forefront of Ministers’ minds when the legislation was drafted and as it made its way through both Houses.
A number of provisions in primary legislation are there specifically to increase the chances that small and medium-sized enterprises, which are more likely to be British, get a bigger share of the £300 billion-worth of public procurement.
Those provisions include everything from the online procurement system that we are building—which will increase transparency and allow greater notification of pipelines, helping small and medium-sized enterprises to prepare for those procurements—to reduced red tape, which will take the burden off those SMEs and reduce their barriers to entry.
We are hopeful that a lot of local businesses in his constituency and in mine will benefit from this landmark piece of post-Brexit legislation.