Thank you very much, Mr Speaker.
I am sure that the shadow Secretary of State is making a good recovery—she is probably watching us even now, in between her physiotherapy.
Is it not the case that on this Government’s watch, food bank usage has doubled for pensioners, and over 2 million pensioners—nearly one in five—are now living in poverty?
That figure is not stable; it is rising, so what is the Minister going to do about it?
Of course, I also pass on my good wishes to the shadow Secretary of State, who I hope is recovering well.
Just as I gave  the hon.
Member for Bury South (Christian Wakeford)  some advice, I can now give some advice to Labour Front Benchers: always listen to the answer the Minister has just given.
I will repeat it: in 2023, 1% of low-income pensioners lived in a household that had accessed a food bank within 12 months.
That percentage is unchanged from last year’s figures.
But 2 million pensioners are in poverty.
Labour got far more pensioners out of poverty than the Minister’s Government have, and the number of pensioners in poverty is now rising: it was 1.6 million when the Conservatives came into office, and it is now 2.1 million, so there are more pensioners in poverty.
Despite the Minister’s bluster, the Government’s own statistics show that well over a third of pensioners entitled to pension credit are not receiving it, which saves his Department almost £3 billion a year.
Even when pensioners do apply, the Minister’s Department is missing its own 10-week service standard for processing new claims in nearly a quarter of all cases.
Why is his Department so reluctant to ensure that pensioners are receiving the benefits they are entitled to?
The Government are putting an enormous amount of effort into improving the uptake of pension credit.
The number of claims received in financial year 2022-23 was more than 80% higher than in the same period the year before, and the recent case load is going up for the first time in over a decade.
We have given cost of living payments to pensioners on pension credit—we have given pensioners extra money  on top of their winter fuel allowance and cold weather payments.
The reality is that no Government have supported the pensioner population more than this Government have.
As we all know, Labour is the party of 75p pension increases; no pensioner will ever forget that.
What steps his Department is taking to reduce waiting times for Access to Work assessments.
Access to Work remains in high demand.
We have increased the number of staff processing Access to Work claims, and are prioritising both renewal applications and applications from customers about to start a job.
We are also improving the service through increased digitalisation to reduce the time from application to decision.
On this, there is a litany of broken promises to disabled people.
Ministers have failed to tackle the backlog, failed to open the scheme to more employers, failed to extend the scheme to apprenticeships and failed to passport packages of support.
So why have Ministers now decided to hit disabled people with more brutal cuts to PIP, when they have not supported disabled people into work through Access to Work?
The average timescale for an Access to Work application decision in April 2024 was 43.9 days.
We have increased the staff on applications, redeploying 95 staff from wider DWP work.
Despite the hon.
Gentleman’s points, claims for reimbursement are in a good position within a 10-day ambition to pay.
It reflects the ambition that employers have and their mindset change to be more open-minded with their recruitment, and I am delighted about that.
I call the shadow Minister.
Let’s get some facts.
On  1 January 2024 , there were 24,874 people awaiting an Access to Work decision, on  1 February , 26,924, on  1 March , 29,871 and on  1 April , 32,445.