I join the Secretary of State in congratulating the Minister on her elevation—it is not before time.
This Conservative Government have an enviable record when it comes to employment, with 4 million more people in work since 2010.
I was pleased to hear that one of the integrated care boards involved in the WorkWell scheme, which my right hon.
Friend has just mentioned, will be Greater Manchester ICB, which means that my constituents will have access to integrated health and employment support from October. [
Interruption.]
The hon.
Member for Wirral South (Alison McGovern)  is heckling from a sedentary position; the only job that she has created recently has been one for a couple of clowns. [
Interruption.]
To be fair, that is topical, Mr Speaker.
Will my right hon.
Friend explain how the WorkWell scheme will benefit people in my constituency and throughout Greater Manchester by ensuring that they can access work?
My hon.
Friend is right.
The scheme is being rolled out in Greater Manchester, in parts of London, in Cambridgeshire and all the way to the Isles of Scilly and parts of Cornwall.
It brings together healthcare support and work coach support to ensure that we do everything we can to help into work those who face barriers to work.
It is an unavoidable fact that the United Kingdom has one of the lowest pensions in the developed world, and pensioner poverty is a very real issue.
I meet constituents who are pensioners reasonably frequently, and all the increases that the Government have provided for them have been lost through taxation.
For example, Peter’s private pension will be cut by £681 a year, while Mr and Mrs Clark’s modest private pension has been slashed by nearly 50%.
They did the right thing and put away a little extra for their retirement; will the Government now do the right thing and correct the position so that they can enjoy it?
Order.
May I just say to everyone that I have a lot of Members to get in on topical questions, and they are meant to be short and punchy?
I really do need to get other Members in.
Let me simply point to what the Resolution Foundation had to say in its Living Standards Outlook: pensioner poverty is forecast to fall.
Given that it would not survive under Labour, just how vital is the work plan?
My right hon.
Friend is entirely right to raise that point: in the absence of this Government, the work plan will be no more.
The problem is that we do not know exactly what will replace it, because there is no plan from the party opposite—no plan on work capability assessments, no plan on personal independence payments, no plan on fit notes.
We do not know what Labour stands for, so let us stick with the plan, and let us elect a Conservative Government at the next election.
A recent report from the Joseph Rowntree Foundation revealed, shockingly, that 1 million children experienced destitution in the UK last year.
Is it not the case that the Government have completely failed the most vulnerable children in our society?
No, not at all.
We are providing significant support through the welfare system and expect to spend about £306 billion in the current financial year, including £138 billion on children and those of working age.
We are focused on targeting cost of living support to the most vulnerable families.
The local housing allowance, for instance, helped 1.6 million families in that bracket.
Let me begin by praising my local jobcentre in Bexleyheath for the tremendous work it is doing to get people into employment.
I visited it on Friday and was very impressed.
Our welfare system should always be there to protect the most vulnerable in our society, but new challenges are threatening its sustainability and preventing it from working as intended.
I therefore welcome my right hon.