Indeed, nine WASPI  women would have died in the time our Select Committee hearing took on Tuesday.
Is not the issue here that the Government hope that this issue will be lost during the course of an election campaign, and that the two big parties can concoct a situation in which we ignore the matter, more women will die, and more 1950s women will be denied the justice that they deserve?
I simply do not accept that that is a fair assessment of the very considerable time and effort that we are putting into taking this matter extremely seriously.
If he will make an estimate of the number of in-work universal credit claimants that have had payments stopped due to errors made by his Department in the last 12 months.
No estimate has been made, but customers can request a mandatory reconsideration if they do not agree with a decision to stop their universal credit.
My constituent Georgina Mitchell is a single mum to three children, two of whom have additional needs.
She works as a nurse and is in receipt of universal credit.
The Minister says that work pays, but since October, Georgina has had her benefits stopped intermittently because the DWP has falsely recorded her earnings as £19,000 one month, £12,000 the next, and so on and so forth.
She cannot pay her social landlord, and her ability to pay for childcare is severely impacted.
I have raised the matter with local officials, but despite assurances, it keeps happening.
She cannot sort this, and despite my interventions, I cannot seem to sort it.
Will the Secretary of State or the Minister investigate the matter urgently, and advise me on why these mistakes keep happening and on what will be done to ensure that they do not happen again?
I am very concerned to hear about the case that the hon.
Lady has raised.
I am more than happy to look into it if she contacts me further, and I recognise the urgency with which we would need to do that.
What recent estimate he has made of the number of pensioners in poverty.
Poverty among pensioners has remained stable, with no statistically significant changes since 2022-23.
The number of pensioners with relative low income decreased by 1% in 2023 to 16%, and since 2010, over 200,000 pensioners have been lifted out of poverty.
My inbox is full of constituents who are sick of the economic chaos inflicted by this Government and by the former Prime Minister,  the right hon.
Member for South West Norfolk (Elizabeth Truss) .
Can the Minister explain why the number of elderly  individuals resorting to food banks has doubled in the past year to nearly 100,000?
Are the people of Bury South wrong, and if they are, what is the reason why so many elderly residents cannot afford to eat in this country?
In 2023, 1% of low-income pensioners lived in a household that had accessed a food bank within 12 months.
That percentage is unchanged from the previous year’s figures.
I recognise the effort that people put into supplying their Front Benchers and Back Benchers with zinger points to make, but when I was in that role 25 years ago, I learned to make sure I had worked out what the Government’s answer might actually be.
We now come to the temporary shadow Minister.
I wish the shadow Secretary of State,  the hon.
Member for Leicester West (Liz Kendall) , a speedy recovery, and look forward to seeing her in the House.
Angela Eagle, welcome back.
Thank you very much, Mr Speaker.
I am sure that the shadow Secretary of State is making a good recovery—she is probably watching us even now, in between her physiotherapy.
Is it not the case that on this Government’s watch, food bank usage has doubled for pensioners, and over 2 million pensioners—nearly one in five—are now living in poverty?