I am obviously concerned to hear that case.
We have just had a consultation on the possibility of moving from collect and pay to direct pay for all claimants, which would certainly help to put a greater focus on compliance.
Although I am more than happy to arrange a meeting, I am not sure that one with me would be much help, because I am not in charge of child maintenance.
I will ask the relevant Minister in the Lords to have a meeting with the hon.
Member.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What assessment he has made of the adequacy of the average time taken to decide the outcome of personal independence payment applications.
The time taken to process a new PIP claim fell from 26 weeks in August 2021 to 15 weeks at the end of January this year.
I have recently helped a constituent who waited four months for an appeal against an initial PIP decision.
The paperwork for that decision was incorrect—it referred to another person; we do not know who that person was—and it took another four months to correct that, and another month to pay her.
The process could best be described as a shambles.
Another constituent has described it as a “highly stressful, bureaucratic nightmare”.
Will the Secretary of State give us some reassurance that his Department is working to speed up the process and make it more dignified for those people applying for help?
I set out the improvement in the processing times that people have been experiencing.
In fact, we are now at 15 weeks—that was the figure at the end of January —which is quicker than was the case during the pandemic.
I cannot comment on the individual circumstances that the hon.
Lady has identified, but I will of course be happy to look at the matter that she has raised.
What steps he is taking to help fill job vacancies in St Austell and Newquay constituency.
I know that my hon.
Friend knows what a fantastic job his jobcentres do.
This month, St Austell is running a sector-based placement with Crown Rail, offering guaranteed interviews to those who complete the training.
Newquay jobcentre has worked brilliantly to bring in 20 new employers, who are using the jobcentre regularly to help fill their vacancies.
I thank the Minister for that answer and join her in thanking the excellent Department for Work and Pensions staff at both Newquay and St Austell jobcentres.
Through their hard work and under the leadership and policies of the Government, we have achieved an 80.2% employment rate locally, which is well above the national average.
We also have some great opportunities for the jobs of the future coming through in renewable energy, lithium extraction and the space sector.
What more are the Government doing to ensure that local people in Cornwall can grasp those opportunities?
My hon.
Friend is a formidable champion for his area.
As we speak, our partnership team is working with local employers such as Naked Solar to design sector-based work programmes and fill potential vacancies.
I am keen to work with him and his neighbours, because the areas that he named are all good for the high-wage jobs that his constituents deserve.
I call the Chair of the Work and Pensions Committee.
One helpful change would be to extend access to employment support to economically inactive people in St Austell and Newquay who are not claiming benefits and do not have access to that support.
Will the Minister consider that as a step towards increasing the prospects of filling the current job vacancies?
We have extended the restart scheme for another couple of years, making sure that everybody who walks through the doors of our jobcentres is met by a work coach.
What we need to do is ensure that they have the time to look at that bespoke support.