Spice is a very strong drug; I believe the hon.
Member for Ogmore has been briefed that we are looking carefully at nitazenes, which are a variation of Spice.
I commit to continuing to keep the hon.
Gentleman engaged and informed, as a local Member of Parliament, alongside my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bridgend (Dr Wallis)  .
I call the Chair of the Welsh Affairs Committee.
We should be clear that the number of fatalities we have seen at HMP Parc this year is by no means normal.
It is an extraordinary situation, so I am grateful you granted an urgent question today, Mr Speaker, and I am grateful to  the hon.
Member for Ogmore (Chris Elmore)  for requesting it.
The Minister knows there have been multiple allegations of staff bringing illegal substances into the prison.
A current prisoner at Parc recently wrote to the Welsh Affairs Committee:
“Drugs are everywhere in prison, from cannabis to heroin and the so called spice.
Dribs and drabs may enter through visits and some by way of drone, but let us not confuse the issue, far more comes in by people employed in prisons.”
Given the written answer that the Minister gave me last week, in which he said that currently no prison staff are searched using X-ray body scanners, can he say why not, and, in the absence of such measures, what action he is taking to ensure that all the staff who work in these difficult prisons share in the safety culture and are not part of the problem?
My right hon.
Friend raises an extremely important matter.
The reality, as he will know, is that the overwhelming majority of staff who work in HMPPS do so honestly and with good intent, and it is right that we continue to root out those who do not.
In that context, we continue to work with police forces where prisons are located across the country, and where there is evidence, including in this case, in order to take action against not just prison officers, but any staff.
More broadly, we have body scanners in operation at this prison for visitors and others.
Alongside the Rapiscan system that can test substances, we have also rolled out handheld detectors that can be used in cells to locate drugs in a much more effective manner.
Considerable progress has been made, but we are clear that we need to continue making that progress not just in HMP and YOI Parc, but across the estate.
I call the shadow Minister.
I thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Ogmore (Chris Elmore)  for submitting this urgent question, and the Minister for the constructive way in which he has replied.
This is the second time in a week that Ministers have had to come to this Chamber because of the crisis in one or more of our prisons.
I wish to start by saying that we are all thinking of those who have died at HMP Parc, their family and friends, and the governor and her staff.
I appreciate that, as this matter is currently under investigation, we are limited in what we can say today, but it is important none the less that we give voice to this crisis.
It was shocking that the prisons ombudsman had to warn prisoners at HMP Parc to throw away drugs immediately due to the severe risk that those particular ones posed to public health.
I hope that the Minister can outline what specific steps are being taken—in fact he has already done so—to remove drugs and ensure that we do not have further unnecessary and tragic deaths.
He has promised action, but we do not want this to be yet another bout of activity that happens after the fact and does not last.
Drugs featured in the decision by the chief inspector of prisons to issue an urgent notification concerning Wandsworth prison last week.