Will she look at early diagnosis, which is so important?
The hon.
Gentleman and the Minister for Employment, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bury St Edmunds (Jo Churchill) , are linking together on this.
We have specialist SWAPs for people on the autism spectrum so that we can see that talent and ability.
Autistica estimates that one in 70 people are autistic—that is around 1 million across the UK—but sadly just three in 10 of working-age autistic disabled people are in employment, and the Government are determined to tackle that with the review.
What steps his Department is taking to help reduce unemployment.
What steps his Department is taking to help reduce unemployment.
We are bearing down on unemployment, not least through the sterling work of our JCP work coaches, as well as through the back to work plan that my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor recently announced.
This Friday, I will be hosting my next jobs fair in Atherstone, along with the local DWP.
While these events have been successful, with more than 30 businesses typically on hand with live jobs on offer, one of the regular bits of feedback I get is that access to transport is often a barrier to people taking up jobs, particularly where those jobs might be out of the town centre or in industrial parks, and particularly before that first pay packet comes in.
Will the Secretary of State set out what if any support is available to help as many people get into some of the fantastic opportunities we have in North Warwickshire and Bedworth?
I thank my hon.
Friend for the extraordinary work that he does locally to support people into work.
He asks what support there is for those with travel challenges.
The flexible support fund is there for a variety of different uses, but one is to help with exactly the issue he raises for the first three months of employment.
We have successfully halved inflation, but we must get people back into work.
In Bridgend, we have lost the Ford factory and Biomet.
It is about local jobs.
I have always said that maintaining close contact with local employers and working with businesses on the ground is the way to do it.
Could the Secretary of State tell the House what his Department is doing to work with employers to get people back to work?
We do a huge amount with employers both at national level and at local jobcentres.
If my hon.
Friend has not already engaged with his local jobcentre staff, I strongly recommend that he does so.
The results speak for themselves.
Unemployment is around half the level in 2010 under the last Labour Government.
We have near record levels of employment.
Youth unemployment under this Government has fallen more than 40%; under Labour, it went up by almost 45%.
More than 39,000 south-west companies are classed as being in significant economic distress, according to Begbies Traynor’s “Red Flag Alert” report.
The loss of those businesses would deepen regional economic inequality and increase regional unemployment.
What steps is the Minister taking with Cabinet colleagues to ensure that those businesses, which provide vital jobs, find a way out of significant economic distress?
As we have set out, there is a clear and detailed back to work plan, which is working for the reasons that I have given.
If the hon.
Lady has examples of specific employers under the distress that she outlined, the Minister for Employment will be happy to look at what we may be able to do as a Department in her constituency.
I call the shadow Minister.
The Prime Minister said this morning, and the Secretary of State just repeated it, that the Government introduced universal credit to help people into work.
That is not a real account of the situation.
The truth is that not only do we have record sickness-related inactivity, but young people are faring the worst.