I reassure her and him that the focus on this matter will be sustained even when it is not necessarily on the front page of newspapers, because we recognise that the necessary work cannot be done overnight; it will take sustained focus and sustained work from the team there.
My hon.
Friend rightly alluded to the challenges that social media can pose, in an already sensitive situation, by exacerbating community concerns.
I hope that some of what I have said, going as far as I could, will help to reassure him on some of the issues.
On his final point, as I said to  the hon.
Member for Ogmore (Chris Elmore) , this is essentially a shared responsibility between G4S, HMPPS, the council, the health board, the police and others, because this is a challenge for both the community and the prison, and it will be best tackled and resolved by working together in that spirit of co-operation.
The nine deaths at HMP Parc in less than three months highlight how prisoner welfare in Wales is fragmented, with responsibilities split between the Welsh Government and the MOJ.
Ultimately, of course, devolution of justice will streamline responsibility, but given that health is devolved, does the Minister agree that deaths in prisons in Wales should be subject to scrutiny both here and at the Senedd’s Legislation, Justice and Constitution Committee?
With the caveat that we do not have the final reports from the coroner or final findings from the PPO, we have to remember that the deaths appear to have a range of causes, so we need to be a little cautious in respect of the conclusions we draw at this point.
On the right hon.
Lady’s underlying point, she is right about the devolution of health.
That is why working with the local health board is extremely important, but I consider that the current arrangements on justice, and on the scrutiny of matters relating to justice and prisons, are adequate.
A constituent of mine who is detained in the prison says that he feels unsafe in Parc.
He describes prisoners walking around with shanks just to feel safe.
The prison has said that safety is a priority, but my constituent’s parents feel that their son is in danger.
Staff will also be very concerned.
It cannot be right that knives are easily carried.
How many knives have been taken off prisoners in the last six months in Parc prison?
I cannot give the hon.
Gentleman the exact answer he wants now, but I am very happy to write to him with that information.
On his broader point about safety and assaults on staff or on prisoners,  while assaults on staff by prisoners remain too high, they are significantly down from where they were in 2016-17—although, as far as I am concerned, any assault on a member of staff is one assault too many.
Similarly, the number of prisoner-on-prisoner assaults in custody at Parc has come down significantly from where it was in 2015, 2016 and 2017, but it still remains too high.
There is more to do, but if I am able to extract the information he seeks, I will happily write to him.
We know that roughly two thirds of prisoners arriving on the secure estate have suffered a brain injury before they arrive in prison.
That can lead to poor executive functioning, anxiety and depression—all problems that can be massively exacerbated by being in prison.
I understand that the MOJ wants all prisoners to be screened for brain injury when they arrive in prison.
Is that happening at Parc, and are those people then getting the support they need to be able to function as best as possible given those circumstances in prison?
Let me take this opportunity to pay tribute to the hon.
Gentleman for his work campaigning on this issue, on which I have interacted with him previously as a Health Minister.