I hope that the Minister can outline what specific steps are being taken—in fact he has already done so—to remove drugs and ensure that we do not have further unnecessary and tragic deaths.
He has promised action, but we do not want this to be yet another bout of activity that happens after the fact and does not last.
Drugs featured in the decision by the chief inspector of prisons to issue an urgent notification concerning Wandsworth prison last week.
He went on to address the chronic lack of national leadership—from the HMPPS to the Ministry of Justice.
We are looking at a national failure of leadership across our prison estate.
Drugs are fuelling the violence that we see in our prisons.
We are witnessing a crisis across the prison estate—a crisis of 14 years of Conservative rule.
In the spirit of today’s question, I thank the Minister for his commitment, but ask him whether the action plan that he has just outlined will continue once HMP Parc sinks from the headlines.
I am grateful to the shadow Minister for her question.
If it is helpful, I will write to her in the same terms that I have written to  the hon.
Member for Ogmore (Chris Elmore) , to give some more information that I may not be able to say fully at the Dispatch Box.
As she kindly acknowledged, I have set out the steps that are currently being taken to restrict supply, and to tackle at source those scanners and measures at the gate.
As I understand it, there is a bid for enhanced gate security, which is currently being looked at and taken forward by HMPPS.
At the appropriate time, I am happy to update her in the usual way.
On promoting recovery, training has been undertaken by around 400 staff in the use of naloxone, which, when administered, can swiftly counteract the effect of, for example, nitazenes.
That is an important step forward.
In terms of reducing demand, we are working at the prison with the alcohol and drug treatment centre Dyfo—this is where Welsh colleagues will correct my pronunciation—
Dyfodol.
I am grateful to the shadow Minister.
We are engaging with Dyfodol, and indeed the health board.
We are also supporting the Welsh emerging drugs and identification of novel substances project through prison radio and literature, to seek to be integrated and joined up in tackling what is, as I say, a challenge for both the prison and the community.
I reiterate the comments made by  the hon.
Member for Ogmore (Chris Elmore)  on the way the Minister has engaged.
In Gwent, this is more than just a few headlines.
This is not the first time that the area has had to endure a spate of deaths like this—in a very different setting, but still a  worrying one.
The hon.
Member for Ogmore touched on the social media speculation.
It is not just a case of some irresponsible people; there is genuine worry about what this means for communities and for the town.
Where does the buck stop?
Where does the accountability line take us?
Is it to G4S or to the Ministry of Justice?
Who does it reach at the top?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend.
He alluded to a point made by the shadow Minister,  the hon.
Member for Brentford and Isleworth (Ruth Cadbury) , that I failed to answer.
I reassure her and him that the focus on this matter will be sustained even when it is not necessarily on the front page of newspapers, because we recognise that the necessary work cannot be done overnight; it will take sustained focus and sustained work from the team there.
My hon.
Friend rightly alluded to the challenges that social media can pose, in an already sensitive situation, by exacerbating community concerns.