Is that happening at Parc, and are those people then getting the support they need to be able to function as best as possible given those circumstances in prison?
Let me take this opportunity to pay tribute to the hon.
Gentleman for his work campaigning on this issue, on which I have interacted with him previously as a Health Minister.
On his specific question, it is important to remember, in the context of this very challenging issue, that Parc is generally a well-run prison.
One thing that stands out there, which I saw when I visited, is the specialist neurodivergence wing and the work being done there with specialist trained officers and staff to understand the specific needs of those individuals.
If he was ever at a loose end and able to visit—with the permission of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bridgend (Dr Wallis)  and  the hon.
Member for Ogmore (Chris Elmore) —I think that he would find the work being done there encouraging and fascinating.
I encourage him to go.
I agree with what my hon.
Friend  the Member for Ogmore (Chris Elmore)  has said today.
Many constituents have been in touch with our office in recent weeks, and one mother this morning said, “Every day I expect a phone call fearing the worst.
Is my son going to be another statistic?”
Some parents, including that constituent, have raised concerns over a long period about drugs.
Does the Minister understand that actions so far have done little to reassure those with loved ones in prison and that they need to know that the Government are acting urgently?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for articulating the understandable concerns of parents, family and others in a typically sensitive and measured way.
It is right that those voices are heard in this Chamber.
I hope that some of what I have said today will provide a little more clarity and reassurance, but the other reassurance I can offer is that I will continue to take a close, direct and personal interest in the ongoing work to resolve issues that may remain in Parc.
We have all been saddened by events at Parc.
What assessment has the Minister made of the impact on the mental health of prisoners, both in Parc and elsewhere, of staffing shortages that force prisoners to spend 23 hours each day in their cells and leave them without access to appropriate rehabilitation courses?
What steps will he take to remedy the situation?
I can offer the hon.
Lady reassurance that the regime for time out of cell at Parc is one of the most effective in the prison system, with extensive periods out of cell being facilitated.
She quite rightly talks about mental health; it is important in this context to remember, as she does, the mental health not only of those prisoners, but of the prison staff and prison officers who are impacted by a death in custody.
We are working closely with the prison, and the prison is working closely with the health board, to ensure that that, among other things, is addressed.
One inmate at HMP Parc is reported to have been moved there from HMP Exeter.
Devon Live reported on a dangerous inmate who was moved to Parc after he threw boiling water in the face of an officer and attacked another prisoner with a tin opener without any warning or provocation.
Does the Minister feel satisfied that officers and inmates will be safe from prisoners at HMP Parc?
As I set out earlier, although I consider assault rates still to be too high, they are lower than they were in 2015-16 and similar years.
It is clear that any assault on a member of staff is one too many.