We will always take a reasonable view and make sure that unavoidable circumstances such as those the hon.
Gentleman speaks of will be taken into account when talking to customers.
What plans he has to increase levels of employment.
We have a near record level of employment and very low levels of unemployment, but we are not stopping there.
The Chancellor announced our back to work plan in the previous statement.
The latest Office for National Statistics figures show that the number of claimants in my constituency fell over the past year.
That is good news, but more needs to be done.
Does the Secretary of State agree that we always need to make work pay, that we need to create incentives for people to get back into work and that local action such as my annual jobs fair, which I held recently in partnership with the DWP, Halesowen College and the Halesowen business improvement district, can make a practical difference on the ground by getting opportunities to people?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on the reduction in the number of claimants in his constituency, which I know is at least in part due to the excellent jobs  fairs he assists in organising.
He is right that work should pay; that is why I am very proud that mine is the party that brought in universal credit, making sure that that is exactly the case.
May I add to the tribute paid by  the hon.
Member for South East Cornwall (Mrs Murray)  to my friend Colin Breed, who served South East Cornwall with great dignity before her?
I thank her for paying tribute to Colin and offering condolences to his friends and family.
In our part of the world, the issue is less unemployment and more the lack of a workforce.
The Lake district has 20 million visitors every year and a relatively small working-age population, 80% of whom are already employed in hospitality and tourism.
Can the Secretary of State help us out by saying yes at least to discussions with the European Commission, which has offered a youth mobility visa programme between the UK and Europe?
Only one youth mobility visa scheme exists with Europe already, and it is with Andorra, which is quite small.
I think the Government have already said they are not minded to pursue the scheme to which the hon.
Gentleman refers, but that is not the same thing as saying that we do not take the issue extremely seriously.
That is why we have extensive training provision such as SWAPs—the sector-based work academy programmes—and the WorkWell provision that we are rolling out, to which my hon.
Friend the Minister for Employment has just referred.
What recent assessment he has made of the potential merits of providing compensation to women born in the 1950s affected by changes to the state pension age.
The ombudsman’s report has been laid before Parliament and it is under active and considerable consideration at the present time.
A report in today’s Scottish Daily Express notes that seven in 10 members of the public support financial compensation for women born in the 1950s.
If the Government will not act on the final report of the Parliamentary and Health Service Ombudsman, which recommended compensation, will they now listen to the voice of the people and provide the proper financial redress that the Women Against State Pension Inequality absolutely deserve and are entitled to?
There are a variety of opinions as to what the outcome of the ombudsman’s report should be.
There are the ombudsman’s recommendations themselves, to which some people take a counter-view while others believe that there should be more by way of payments.
We are potentially looking at very large sums indeed.
It is important, therefore, and only fair to those on all sides of the argument, that we take an appropriate amount of time to consider the report thoroughly, which the ombudsman has also invited Parliament to consider.