The Prime Minister said this morning, and the Secretary of State just repeated it, that the Government introduced universal credit to help people into work.
That is not a real account of the situation.
The truth is that not only do we have record sickness-related inactivity, but young people are faring the worst.
I know what Ministers will say—the questionable allegation that Labour Governments leave office with unemployment higher has already been trotted out.
Actually, Full Fact found that that is particularly true of post-war Conservative Governments.
So will the Minister acknowledge what is going on today: for the first time ever, we have 3 million inactive 16 to 24-year-olds?
That’s true, isn’t it?
I have already set out that we have universal credit, as the hon.
Lady identified, as well as WorkWell and universal support to address exactly the individuals to whom she referred.
On the general point, it should be pointed out that economic inactivity is below the OECD, G7 and European Union average, and lower than in France, Italy and the United States and in every year under the last Labour Government.
I said they would and I hear what the Secretary of State said about scheme after scheme and initiative after initiative, but what have the results been?
If the Tory plan was working, the OBR would have forecast an increasing employment rate, wouldn’t it?
But what is the truth?
Not only is employment forecast to go down, but the forecast was downgraded in response to the Government’s policies.
That’s the truth, isn’t it?
Our record speaks for itself: 4 million more people in work since 2010.
Unemployment has halved since the last Labour Government, on the hon.
Lady’s watch.
Youth unemployment has fallen by more than 40%; under her watch it rose by more than 40%.
As I have stated, the last Labour Government’s record on economic inactivity is that it was higher than today every single year.
What steps his Department is taking to support pensioners.
The state pension provides the foundation of support for older people.
In the next year, we will fund more than £167 billion of benefits for pensioners—some 6% of GDP.
Older people should be able to retire in comfort and dignity, which is why this Government created the triple lock and increased the state pension by 8.5% this year and 10.1% last year.
However, many of my constituents are concerned about being taxed on those pensions, as the personal allowance has, in effect, been frozen for nearly five years.
Will the Minister encourage the Chancellor to look again at the personal allowance and allow more pensioners to keep more of their well-deserved money?
As I am sure my hon.
Friend is aware, it is this Government who have doubled the personal allowance since 2010.
It is absolutely clear that those who rely solely on the state pension are not liable for income tax.
We must all be aware of a growing number of pensioners who are struggling with rent, council tax and other cost of living increases.
Given that state of affairs, does the Minister think there may be an argument that the threshold to access pension credit is too high and that if he were to lower it just a little, he would help a great many more people who are obviously struggling?
I draw the hon.
Gentleman’s attention to the fact that the state pension has gone up by 8.5% this year, after an increase of 10.1% last year.
On top of that, for those in receipt of pension credit we have added £900 in cost of living payments, and 8.9 million have received a £300 top-up to their winter fuel payment.
We have spent billions on supporting pensioners through the cost of living crisis.
As we established in the exchanges earlier, pensioner poverty remains stable.
What steps his Department is taking to support pensioners with increases in the cost of living.