Labour Members will not be opposing the regulations, which provide the detail needed for the Procurement Act to come into effect later this year.
As Members across the House will recall, there was a need for a new procurement Act to reform the EU law-based procurement regime following  the UK’s exit from the EU and to consolidate various procurement regulations into one place.
For those reasons, we did not oppose the Procurement Bill on Second or Third Reading.
The purpose of the Procurement Act was to create a simpler, more flexible commercial system that better meets our country’s needs after having left the EU, while remaining compliant with our international obligations.
However, as we have made clear in this House before, we are concerned that the Procurement Act was a wasted opportunity to reform procurement.
In spite of our attempts to strengthen and improve the Bill with our amendments, the Procurement Act, when it comes into force in October, will unfortunately allow the same wasteful approach to emergency contracting rules that we saw during the pandemic, when friends of and donors to the Conservative party were given the first bite of the cherry while decent, skilled local businesses were denied the same opportunity.
Billions of pounds of public money was wasted while excellent small and medium-sized businesses were overlooked.
Nothing in the draft regulations will address that concern.
We also made it clear that we were very disappointed that the Act failed to mandate social value to secure investment in good British businesses, and I have to say that I was disappointed by the answer the Minister just gave to my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Warley (John Spellar) .
The procurement policy of a Labour Government would be rooted in getting value for money for every pound spent.
Our national procurement plan would reward businesses that create jobs and pay their taxes, slash red tape for disadvantaged SMEs and claw back money from contractors that fail to deliver.
The statutory instrument is required to implement the new public procurement regime established by the Procurement Act 2023.
It specifies what information should be included in the notices that contracting authorities must publish as per the requirements of the Procurement Act, and where and how these should be published.
Other regulations in the statutory instrument impose requirements as to how contracting authorities should obtain specified information from suppliers, and provide further detail about how certain organisations and contracts are to be regulated.
It gives details about how the Act covers Welsh and Scottish procurement in relation to reserved matters, and clarifies the disapplication of the Act in relation to regulated healthcare procurement.
Turning to the specific measures in the regulations, there is clarification about the various notices that will be published on the central digital platform.
The platform was set up by the Minister for the Cabinet Office, and I hope it is progressing well.
Notices that must be published there include planned procurement notices, tender notices, dynamic market notices and transparency notices.
There is further specification of the information that should be included in the notices, with the purpose being to increase transparency and make the procurement regime more accessible to smaller businesses.
Measures that improve transparency and increase access to procurement opportunities, particularly to small and medium-sized businesses, are very much to be welcomed.
The challenge will be in how to make these notices and the digital platform as user-friendly as possible, with all the relevant information easily accessible and searchable.
As we move forward, it would be helpful if the Minister updated the House on progress in meeting the requirements  of the regulations and on what impact they have on the number of small and medium-sized enterprises that bid for contracts.