We have spent billions on supporting pensioners through the cost of living crisis.
As we established in the exchanges earlier, pensioner poverty remains stable.
What steps his Department is taking to support pensioners with increases in the cost of living.
What recent assessment he has made of the adequacy of support for pensioners with increases in the cost of living.
The Government have provided total support of over £108 billion to help households and individuals with higher bills.
As I just said, in addition, the basic state pension has gone up by 8.5% this year.
But a new poll today shows that two thirds of people think the Government should urgently pay fair compensation to all WASPI women, including many in east Leeds, who were hit by the change to the state pension age.
It has been over six weeks since the Secretary of State got the parliamentary ombudsman’s final report, but nearly three years since the ombudsman said that the Department for Work and Pensions had committed maladministration through its failure to properly inform affected women of the state pension age changes.
With a WASPI woman dying every 13 minutes, time is not on their side.
When will the Government stop dragging their feet?
To help ensure justice, will the Government allow MPs to vote on a compensation package before the summer?
The hon.
Gentleman has heard the Secretary of State reply at great length to a number of questions on that subject today.
As he said, we are looking carefully at the report and considering what is a very complex set of recommendations and proposals to make sure that we do the right thing.
Ministers certainly seem to prefer the comfort of their own massaged figures to facts.
The Trussell Trust, however, says it has seen a 36% rise in pensioners turning to food banks in the past six months, and that is likely to increase.
The hard fact is that the UK devotes a smaller percentage of GDP to state pensions and pensioner benefits than most other advanced economies.
When will they take pensioner poverty seriously and fix this scandal?
The households below average income statistics, which are cleared by the Office for National Statistics, show that 1% of low-income pensioners live in a household that has accessed a food bank within 12 months.
Given all the effort we are putting into the ongoing campaign to increase access to pension credit and the success that campaign is having, I am very confident that we will make continued progress in reducing pensioner poverty.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
May I first extend my best wishes to my opposite number the shadow Secretary of State,  the hon.
Member for Leicester West (Liz Kendall) , and wish her a speedy recovery?
Since my last appearance at the Dispatch Box, we have announced the areas for the WorkWell pilot, which will cover about a third of England.
I am extremely pleased that we have also gone out for consultation and a call for evidence on fit note reform.
That will feature within it the 15 pilots I have just referred to.
On  8 May , we announced that Access to Work has gone digital.
Finally, I congratulate the Minister for Disabled People, Health and Work, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Mid Sussex (Mims Davies)  on her elevation to Minister of State, which reflects both the seriousness with which we take her portfolio and, of course, her undoubted abilities and contribution to my Department.
I join the Secretary of State in congratulating the Minister on her elevation—it is not before time.
This Conservative Government have an enviable record when it comes to employment, with 4 million more people in work since 2010.
I was pleased to hear that one of the integrated care boards involved in the WorkWell scheme, which my right hon.