Will the Minister consider that as a step towards increasing the prospects of filling the current job vacancies?
We have extended the restart scheme for another couple of years, making sure that everybody who walks through the doors of our jobcentres is met by a work coach.
What we need to do is ensure that they have the time to look at that bespoke support.
What recent assessment he has made of the effectiveness of the Child Maintenance Service in securing funds from paying parents.
The Government are committed to ensuring that separated parents support their children, taking robust enforcement action against those who do not do so.
Since December 2022, there has been an increase from 65% to 68% in those paying something towards maintenance through collect and pay.
Last year, I wrote to the Department about a loophole that allows paying parents who earn non-taxable income overseas to avoid making child maintenance payments.
For one of my constituents, that loophole has allowed their ex-partner not to pay any maintenance and effectively engage in financial abuse towards them.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss that loophole, to ensure that paying parents are fulfilling their financial obligations to their children?
I am obviously concerned to hear that case.
We have just had a consultation on the possibility of moving from collect and pay to direct pay for all claimants, which would certainly help to put a greater focus on compliance.[Official Report,  22 May 2024 ; Vol.
750, c. 12WC.] (
Correction) Although I am more than happy to arrange a meeting, I am not sure that one with me would be much help, because I am not in charge of child maintenance.
I will ask the relevant Minister in the Lords to have a meeting with the hon.
Member.
What steps his Department is taking to increase the support available in jobcentres in South East Cornwall constituency.
My hon.
Friend will know that her local jobcentres are doing a good job of helping people find and progress in work in her area, driving the recruitment of seasonal workers and creating exciting partnerships with employers such as Morrisons.
With your permission, Mr Speaker, I would like to put on record my condolences to the family and many friends of my immediate predecessor Colin Breed, who sadly passed away last Thursday.
Under the Conservatives, we have near record levels of payrolled employment and I regularly hear from employers that they cannot get the staff needed.
Last month’s House of Commons Library paper on people claiming unemployment benefits stated that 1,405 people were doing so in my constituency.
What more can the Department do to make sure that the unemployed are ready to fit into vacancies as they arise by looking at what local businesses need?
I am sure I speak for the whole House when I join my hon.
Friend in sending our condolences to the family and friends of her predecessor.
Our employment relation teams are working hard with local employers to match customers to the vacancies in my hon.
Friend’s businesses.
We are building skills, working with sector-based work academy programmes and boot camps, supporting people with a generous increased childcare offer of up to £1,000 for one child and £1,700 for two, and helping people with access to travel.
For those on the health journey, later this year we will roll out our WorkWell programme across England, including in areas in the south-west.
On specific days, jobcentres have been closed due to ongoing industrial action.
Can the Minister assure me that anybody who misses an appointment due to that action will not be sanctioned?
We will always take a reasonable view and make sure that unavoidable circumstances such as those the hon.
Gentleman speaks of will be taken into account when talking to customers.
What plans he has to increase levels of employment.