I visited it on Friday and was very impressed.
Our welfare system should always be there to protect the most vulnerable in our society, but new challenges are threatening its sustainability and preventing it from working as intended.
I therefore welcome my right hon.
Friend’s plans to target the system better towards those who need it most, by controlling spiralling costs and ensuring that it is fair to the taxpayer.
My right hon.
Friend is, as always, absolutely right.
We must have a system that targets the most vulnerable in society, and it must also be fair to the taxpayer, because that is part of what underpins the confidence that the public have in our welfare state—and that is worth preserving.
During the time for which the ombudsman’s report has been ongoing, 270,000 WASPI women have already passed away.
How many more 1950s-born women in Lancashire will die before the Government finally act on the report’s recommendations?
I have already replied to questions on that matter in this session.
To reiterate, we are looking extremely carefully at what is a very complex report.
It took the ombudsman five years or thereabouts to compile, and there will be no undue delay in our responding to it.
I commend the Secretary of State for his efforts to make work pay, but for many of those in work, a lot of the excellent support available in jobcentres is currently voluntary.
Will my right hon.
Friend look at what more he can do to encourage people in Stoke-on-Trent and Staffordshire to upskill in order to take on more well-paid work, and to reduce dependency on benefits?
And it is his birthday as well.
Happy birthday!
I am sure my hon.
Friend’s family and small children will be wishing him well from Stoke.
As has been outlined, there is great work going on.
I met the Skills Minister only last week to discuss the better join-up that is happening, and we are really focused on allowing people to progress in work.
Allowing them to move up and move on, and to stay and succeed in work, is just as important as getting that first job.
On  14 September 2023 , I led a Backbench Business debate in this House, supported by the hon.
Members for Moray (Douglas Ross) and for Easington (Grahame Morris).
We asked the Government to take action on footballers with brain-related injuries.
The Minister who responded spoke warmly, and the then Minister at DWP,  the hon.
Member for Corby (Tom Pursglove) , indicated that there would be a meeting for the three of us, on a cross-party basis, with the Industrial Injuries Advisory Council.
I wrote to the Minister on  18 January  and  13 March , and there was a Westminster Hall debate on  24 April , but nothing has yet happened.
Can we get that meeting with the Industrial Injuries Advisory Council to make sure that we get footballers with brain injuries the support they need?
I have already met the chair of the Industrial Injuries Advisory Council in my role as the Minister for Disabled People, and I will continue to engage on whatever is required.
To be clear, the council is considering any connection between neurodegenerative diseases and professional sportspeople, and will publish its findings once the investigation is complete.
I have also met the Sports Minister and will be keen to share this issue with colleagues.
I will come back to the right hon.
Gentleman.
This Conservative Government’s next generation of welfare reforms are to be warmly welcomed.
The NHS North West London ICB, which covers Uxbridge and South Ruislip, has been selected as a lead partner for one of the new WorkWell pilot areas.
Will my hon.
Friend meet me to discuss how we can maximise the programme’s effectiveness in integrating health advice for my constituents?
I welcome my hon.
Friend’s interest in WorkWell, which is a significant intervention.