Work is essential and is at the heart of the reforms we are bringing through.
Indeed the Office for Budget  Responsibility has assessed the impact of our measures with the work capability assessment reforms, for example, as leading to over 400,000 fewer people on those benefits by the end of the forecast period.
I am very proud of that achievement because, as he highlights, that will mean more people have work and the benefits of it.
The Secretary of State claims that his work capability assessment reforms are to encourage more people to get into work, yet the independent Office for Budget Responsibility forecasts that just 3% of the 424,000 people who would be denied financial support would actually move into work in the next four years.
So the evidence is clear that these reforms are codes for cuts.
Will the Secretary of State finally come clean and admit that welfare reforms are about denying vital protections and support for people with serious mental and physical health conditions?
The reforms we are bringing in are not a code for cuts; they are a clear, well thought through set of reforms for putting work right at the centre of people’s existence.
The hon.
Lady quotes the Office for Budget Responsibility.
She will be aware that it believes that the measures that the Chancellor has brought in over the past three fiscal events will overall mean 300,000 more people in the labour market.
When the Secretary of State is considering welfare reforms, will he please look at the shambles in the Child Maintenance Service?
Over the past year, the number of complaints to my constituency office has skyrocketed.
Chief among those is that constituents cannot get responses.
When they do, those responses differ between different members of staff and often are in conflict with each other.
What will he do to address the extraordinary waiting times and other communication issues within the Child Maintenance Service?
We are looking at modernising how the Child Maintenance Agency operates, as the hon.
Lady will know.
If she has specific examples of constituents who have had undue waiting times, I will be interested in putting her in touch with the relevant Minister—he serves in the other place, as the House will know—for him to consider them.
What steps his Department is taking to support people with autism into employment.
We are continuing to run programmes to support autistic people into employment, including local supported employment, Disability Confident and Access to Work.
The Department for Work and Pensions will also be working with stakeholders to support the independent task group carrying forward the recommendations following the Buckland review of autism employment.
May I draw my hon.
Friend’s attention to the efforts by Darlington building society, along with other companies in the region, supporting the North  East Autism Society to help create 1,000 jobs for people with autism?
Can my hon.
Friend highlight the work being done by the fantastic team at Darlington jobcentre, with their health and welfare roadshow this Wednesday to help people get back into work?
I thank my hon.
Friend for bringing to the attention of the House the important initiatives going on in his patch in Darlington.
Such local programmes have a huge impact in helping autistic people into work and tackling stigma.
Once established, I am sure that the Buckland review task group will be interested to hear direct details of the work being done in his area.
The Minister is right that the Buckland inquiry and report are a breath of fresh air.
I contributed to that inquiry as chair of the Westminster Commission on Autism.
However, is it not a fact that too often people on the autism spectrum—or any spectrum—are undervalued in terms of their huge potential to do great things in our economy in many jobs?
Will she look at early diagnosis, which is so important?
The hon.
Gentleman and the Minister for Employment, my hon.