Lady will recognise that it is of course important for there to be a buffer, to make sure that operationally we have the bed spaces required in a contingency situation to be able to respond to any surges and particular challenges.
That is a difficult area but one that we are looking at carefully.
Within the hotel estate, we are of course maximising the use of bed spaces wherever possible, which again helps us to get on and close the hotels, in a way that I think she would like to see.
The downside of the volume of asylum applications being granted is the pressure that that is putting on the local authority homeless sections.
Will the Minister have another look at the time given to asylum seekers from the date on which their application is accepted to the date on which they have to move out of Home Office accommodation?
Will he consider the issue of 28 days versus 56 days, which is the recognised limit under the Homelessness Reduction Act 2017?
Otherwise, all we are going to do is transfer people from Home Office-funded hotels to local authority-funded ones, with all the extra pressure of financial problems that that creates for local authorities.
On the dates, we are working with local authorities to give them as early visibility as possible about the anticipated number of people with decisions that have been granted that they should expect to see.
That helps to forward-plan and we are mindful of those points.
As things stand, there is no intention to change that 28-day period.
Clearly, planning and working with local authorities is critical, but in many cases people have more than 28 days within which to vacate.
Oldham has a proud history of supporting the persecuted.
As of March last year, our town is home to 910 asylum seekers, 145 of whom are in hotel accommodation, but there the housing crisis meets the homelessness crisis: 1,000 people in temporary accommodation, including 500 children.
Is it not time that the Government reviewed the dispersal policy, to ensure that every part of England plays its fair share?
I gently point out that Braintree is home to just two asylum seekers, as opposed to Oldham’s 910.
I can reassure the hon.
Gentleman that I and my officials are carefully considering what more can be done to ensure that there is equitability in  the approach to dispersal.
That is critical, and we need to work carefully through some of the pressures and challenges that these issues present, but I gently say to those on the Opposition Benches that a key part of the response is to get the flows into the system down, and they do not have a credible plan for doing that.
There are currently 56,000 asylum seekers in hotels.
The Prime Minister promised to close those hotels some time last year, but since then the figures have gone up by 10,000.
Can the Minister confirm that that figure is correct?
I am clear in my mind that the figure that the hon.
Gentleman has cited, and that the shadow Home Secretary used last week, does not represent the picture as it stands today.
They will recognise that there is periodic reporting on statistical releases, but the figures they cite are not representative of the position on the ground today.
What steps he is taking to reduce legal migration.
What steps he is taking to reduce net migration.
What steps he is taking to reduce net migration.
On  4 December , I announced a new package of measures to further reduce legal net migration, including limitations on family dependants being brought in by workers and students, creating a salary threshold and raising the minimum income requirement progressively over the next few years.
My right hon.
Friend will know that the net migration figure of over 700,000 is completely unsustainable.