When Sir Walter Scott wrote that in war both sides lose, I am not quite sure he had factored into the equation the likes of the Houthis, because they are, of course, the fundamentalist’s fundamentalists.
Unperturbed by being on the receiving end of Saudi Arabia’s bombing for many years, they are, the perceived wisdom would suggest, not just content but perhaps even quite happy to be on the receiving end of American bombs.
That context poses an enormous question for all of us in this House as to what comes next.
If, as has been suggested by the Houthis’ actions over the course of the last 12 hours or so, the message that we sought to send has not been received, what do we intend to do?
What is the plan?
What is the Prime Minister’s strategy?
Will he come to the Dispatch Box and, unlike his predecessors in relation to middle east conflicts in Iraq, Afghanistan and Syria, lay out when and how far he is willing to go in relation to military action?
Clearly we need to understand his Government’s strategy in this conflict, because we cannot have an escalation that leads to further regional instability.
While we would all agree, quite rightly, that we should not fall for the Houthis’ narrative that this is directly related to the conflict in Israel and Gaza, we cannot escape the fact that a ceasefire in Gaza is essential for that wider regional stability.
Let me finally say that, although the Prime Minister has sought to defend his decision not to come to the House last week, it is clear that the House should have been recalled.
It is what the public would have expected, and I urge him to do better in future.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his comments about Ukraine and his support for our approach.
Obviously I will not speculate on future action.
What we conducted was intended as a single, limited action, and of course we hope that the Houthis will step back and end their reckless and destabilising attacks, but we will not hesitate to protect our security and our interests where required.
We would, of course, follow the correct procedures, as I believe we did in this case.
Although the hon.
Gentleman is right to ask questions, we should also recognise the risks of inaction, because doing nothing would absolutely weaken international security and the rule of law, would further damage the freedom of navigation and the global economy, and—perhaps most important—would send the very dangerous message that British vessels and British interests are fair game, and that is simply unacceptable.
Of course I am happy to answer questions about the situation in Israel and Gaza, but the House should make it very clear to the outside world that there is no link between what we have done last week and the situation there.
This was a specific action in self-defence against the Houthis, who are conducting illegal strikes against innocent civilian shipping.
That has nothing to do with what is going on in Israel and Gaza, and we must never let anyone think that this House believes that there is a link.
I commend my right hon.
Friend the Defence Secretary for his excellent and wide-ranging speech this morning, in which he rightly pointed out that we face dangerous times.
Does my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister agree that, while how we spend defence money is important, it is vital and without doubt that defence needs a great deal more money—more than 2.5% and these arbitrary targets—if our brave men and women are to fight a sustained conflict in the years ahead?
I agree that the Defence Secretary made an excellent speech earlier.
He highlighted, as I did, the fact that defence spending has consistently met our NATO obligation.