That is why, for example, the Royal Navy last year and the year before continued to interdict illegal arms smuggling by the Iranians to the Houthis.
We will continue to keep in close contact with our allies to take all the measures we can to protect our people and ensure that the Iranians’ destabilising influence in the region is reduced to the best extent possible.
I thank the Prime Minister for his statement.
He has been crystal clear on the need to degrade the capabilities of this terrorist organisation, the Houthis, that are causing havoc in the Red sea.
He will also know that Yemen is one of the poorest countries in the world and is suffering a mass humanitarian crisis with over 21 million people in need of humanitarian aid and support.
What will he do to ensure that the civilians of Yemen are not again engulfed in a mass humanitarian catastrophe?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for raising an incredibly important point.
I reassure her and the House—she will know this from her own experience—that we are steadfast in our support to the Yemeni people as one of the largest donors of lifesaving aid to the UN appeal.
We are also committing, I believe, £88 million in this forthcoming year—over the last several years we have committed £1 billion—and that will help to provide food for at least 100,000 people every month and deliver lifesaving healthcare through 400 facilities.
The Yemeni people are suffering and we are doing everything we can to alleviate that suffering.
Earlier this century, following threats of access to the Suez canal from Somali piracy, the international community united with a widely based taskforce to successfully suppress it.
Now that the Houthis are threatening seafarers’ lives and international navigation—along with the trade and jobs that depend on it—will the Prime Minister seek the widest possible international taskforce to deal with that?
Will he also support the people of south Yemen, who want nothing to do with these terrorists?
The right hon.
Gentleman is right about the necessity of building international coalitions, and I am pleased to say that that is happening.
Operation Prosperity Guardian, which we are proud to be a partner of, is upholding freedom of navigation in the region.
As has been mentioned, the UN Security Council resolution that was passed on  10 January  is instructive in this sense.
It condemns in the strongest terms the Houthi attacks, demands that they immediately cease all attacks and notes the right of member states to act in accordance with international law to defend their vessels.
The right hon.
Gentleman will also have seen the statement published by around a dozen of our allies before and after the strikes, which I hope will reassure him that there is broad international support for what we are doing and for the calls on the Houthis to desist.
I represent a constituency with a proud maritime tradition.
Families are anxious about commercial shipping staff whose jobs take them through the Red sea, and a scramble towards military action is endangering those UK seafarers.
Maritime unions are calling not just for more protection but for co-ordinated diplomatic efforts to resolve the crisis.
After today’s attack on a ship, can the Prime Minister explain to seafarers how dropping bombs will lead to a de-escalation of a situation that is already endangering their safety?
That question is quite extraordinary.
It is Houthi rockets that are endangering the lives of seafarers in the region.
We have seen shipping companies welcome the action we are taking, because they are keen to see security and stability restored to the region.
That is what we are aiming to do: to disrupt, destabilise and degrade the Houthis’ ability to carry out these attacks and to restore stability to region.
That is very much the focus of our attention.
We are acting in self-defence to protect the lives of seafarers, not endanger them.
The right hon.