So, through the British Council, we are going to fund English language training for the Ukrainian people.
In dangerous times, we are investing in defence, hardening our critical infrastructure and building our alliances.
We are resolute in our principles: international security; the rule of law; and freedom to determine your own future.
An attack on those principles is an attack on everything that we believe in and on which our lives and livelihoods depend.
As the home of parliamentary democracy and a leader in collective security, it is our responsibility to defend those principles and to defend our people.
That is who we are.
That is what Britain does and will always do.
I commend this statement to the House.
We come to the Leader of the Opposition.
May I thank the Prime Minister for the secure briefing last week and for an advance copy of his statement?
Let me reiterate that Labour backs this targeted action to reinforce maritime security in the Red sea.
We strongly condemn the Houthi attacks, which are targeting commercial ships of all nationalities, putting civilians and military personnel—including British forces—in serious danger.
The Houthi attacks are unacceptable and illegal and, if left unaddressed, could lead to a devastating rise in the cost of essential food in some of the poorest countries.
The international community clearly stands against the Houthi attacks.
Alongside the UK and the US, four other countries were involved in non-operational support, over a dozen nations are part of the maritime protection force in the Red sea, and many others support the recent UN Security Council resolution, which condemns the Houthi attacks in the strongest possible terms.
The UK strikes were limited and targeted, and did everything possible to protect civilian lives.
That is a proportionate response.
Military action must of course always be underpinned by a clear strategy, and it is the role of this House to ask the right questions.
So I ask the Prime Minister: what confidence does he have that his stated objectives have been met?
What process will he follow in the face of continued Houthi attacks?
What efforts are under way to maintain the support of the international community?
Will he confirm that he stands by the parliamentary convention that, where possible, military interventions by the UK Government—particularly if they are part of a sustained campaign—should be brought before the House?
Scrutiny is not the enemy of strategy.
While we back the action taken last week, these strikes still do bring risk, and we must avoid escalation across the middle east.
Will the Prime Minister tell us  how the UK will work with international partners so that our rightful actions are not used as an excuse by those who seek to expand violence throughout the wider region, or indeed reanimate the conflict in Yemen?
None the less, our armed forces across the region are showing the highest professionalism and bravery, both in defending commercial shipping and in this targeted action.
We thank them.
We are proud of them.
They continue to show that Britain is a force for good, as does the UK’s unwavering unity in support of Ukraine and against Russian aggression.
On the Labour Benches, we have backed all military support for Ukraine, so again we back the Prime Minister’s announcement of £2.5 billion for Ukraine next year, and we strongly support the agreement on security co-operation, which will give Ukraine vital confidence to plan for the year ahead.
I hope that it becomes a template for other allies to follow and that, in time, Ukraine will become a full member of NATO.
To those listening in Kyiv, Moscow or elsewhere in the world, let me be clear: whoever is in government in Britain, the UK will stand with Ukraine for as long as it takes.
Returning to the middle east, it is now over 100 days since the brutal events of  7 October .