It would weaken international security and the rule of law, further damage freedom of navigation and the global economy, and send a dangerous message that British vessels and British interests are fair game.
There is another point here, which is often overlooked.
The Houthis’ attacks risk worsening the dire humanitarian situation in Yemen itself.
The UK helps to feed around 100,000 Yemenis every month, with aid arriving via the very sea routes that the Houthis have in their sights.
The threats to shipping must cease.
Illegally detained vessels and crews must be released, and we remain prepared to back our words with actions.
But dealing with that threat does not detract from our other international commitments; rather, it strengthens our determination to uphold fundamental UN principles.
If our adversaries think they can distract us from helping Ukraine by threatening international security elsewhere, they could not be more wrong.
On Friday, I travelled to Kyiv to meet President Zelensky and address the Ukrainian Parliament.
I took a message from this House to the Rada that we will stand with Ukraine today, tomorrow and for as long as it takes.
If Putin wins in Ukraine, he will not stop there, and other malign actors will be emboldened.
That is why Ukraine’s security is our security.
That is why the UK will stay the course, and it is why I am confident that our partners share our resolve.
Far from our resolve faltering, our military support to Ukraine will increase this year.
We will provide the biggest single package of defence aid to Ukraine since the war began, worth £2.5 billion.
That will include more air defence equipment, more anti-tank weapons, more long-range missiles, thousands more rounds of ammunition and artillery shells, training for thousands more Ukrainian servicemen and women, and the single largest package of advanced drones given to Ukraine by any nation.
All of that is on top of what we have already provided to support Ukraine.
In total, since the war began, the United Kingdom will have provided almost £12 billion of aid to Ukraine.
We were the first to train Ukrainian troops, the first in Europe to provide lethal weapons, the first to commit main battle tanks, the first to provide long-range missiles, and now we are the first to keep the promise made at last year’s NATO summit, alongside 30 other countries, to provide new bilateral security commitments.
Ukraine’s rightful place is in NATO, and NATO will be stronger with Ukraine in it, but these commitments will help bridge the gap until that day comes.
Under the new agreement that we signed with President Zelensky, we are building Ukraine’s military capabilities; and if Russia ever invades Ukraine again, we will provide swift and sustained assistance, including modern equipment across land, air and sea.
Together with our allies, the UK will be there from the first moment until the last.
For all of this, I bring a message of thanks from President Zelensky to the British people.
Today, I hope  that the House will join me in sending a message back to the Ukrainian people: that we stand together as one in support of these firm commitments. [
Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear.”]
We are building a new partnership with Ukraine, designed to last 100 years or more.
Yes, it is about defence and security, but it is also about trade, investment, culture and more.
There could be no more powerful sign of our unique bond than Ukraine’s decision to adopt English as the language of business and diplomacy.
So, through the British Council, we are going to fund English language training for the Ukrainian people.
In dangerous times, we are investing in defence, hardening our critical infrastructure and building our alliances.
We are resolute in our principles: international security; the rule of law; and freedom to determine your own future.