I hope that it becomes a template for other allies to follow and that, in time, Ukraine will become a full member of NATO.
To those listening in Kyiv, Moscow or elsewhere in the world, let me be clear: whoever is in government in Britain, the UK will stand with Ukraine for as long as it takes.
Returning to the middle east, it is now over 100 days since the brutal events of  7 October .
Israel’s right to self-defence is fundamental, as is its duty to comply with international law.
The longer the conflict in Gaza rages, the greater the risk of escalation throughout the entire region.
On the Israel-Lebanon border, we must urge constraint.
We must make it crystal clear to all parties that the UK does not support this conflict extending further in Lebanon.
Within Israel and Palestine, in the west bank, settler violence must stop immediately, and in Gaza we need a humanitarian truce now—not as a short pause, but as the first step on a road away from violence.
The need for a sustainable ceasefire is clear to stop the killing of innocent civilians, to create the space for the return of all the hostages, and to provide urgent humanitarian relief to protect against disease and ward off a devastating famine.
From that first step, we can begin a bigger push towards peace, a permanent end to the fighting and a lasting political solution.
The hope of a two-state solution is fragile, but it is still there and we must fight for it, just as we must remain resolute in the face of aggression that threatens global security, whether in Europe or in the Red sea.
I thank the right hon.
and learned Gentleman for his support for the action that we have taken.
He is absolutely right to highlight the international coalition that, over recent weeks, has called out the Houthis’ behaviour, culminating in the UN Security Council resolution strongly condemning the attacks, which he rightly referenced.
Our stated aim was to degrade and disrupt the Houthis’ capability to launch attacks on civilian shipping.
As I indicated, our initial assessment is that our strikes have been successful in the specific targets that were selected.
Obviously, that is an initial assessment, but that remains our case at the moment.
More generally, we want a reduction of tensions in the region and a restoration of stability.
That is our stated aim.
It is incumbent on the Houthis not to escalate and not to continue what are illegal and unprovoked attacks on civilian shipping that put innocent lives at risk and damage the global economy and the prices that  British citizens and others pay for their everyday goods, as the right hon.
and learned Gentleman rightly pointed out.
I assure the right hon.
and learned Gentleman that it was necessary to strike at speed, as he acknowledged, to protect the security of the operations.
That is in accordance with the convention.
I remain committed to that convention, and would always look to follow appropriate processes and procedures, and act in line with precedent—he will know that there were strikes in 2015 and 2018, when a similar process was followed.
I also provide the right hon.
and learned Gentleman with the assurance that he rightly asked for about our international engagement, because there will be malign forces out there that seek to distort our action and to turn it into something that it is not.
It is important that we engage with our allies and others in the region, so that they understand what we did and why.
I provide him with the assurance that we have done that and will continue to do that, because it is important that there is no linkage between these actions and anything else that is happening.
This is purely and simply to respond in self-defence to illegal attacks by the Houthis on commercial shipping.
I welcome the right hon.