That is an extra 6.5% compared with this year.
They will also have 1,455 police officers.
That is about 200 more than Bedfordshire’s police force has ever had at any time in its history.
It is not unusual to hear from two Bedfordshire MPs when it comes to the police funding formula, because this goes all the way back to the last Labour Government, but there is a cross-party view in Bedfordshire that our police force is underfunded.
Will my right hon.
Friend agree to meet all Bedfordshire MPs so that we can press the case for increases in funding for Bedfordshire Police?
I am always happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss these issues.
As I say, Bedfordshire Police will receive an extra £10.2 million next year—an increase of about 6.5%—which I am sure will be welcome up and down the county, but I am of course happy to meet my hon.
Friend whenever he would like.
I presume that is all of them, is it Minister?
I call the shadow Minister.
Police forces are not being listened to when they raise serious concerns about the funding formula and how it limits their ability to tackle town centre crime.
The British Retail Consortium reports that more than 850 acts of violence or abuse against shop workers happen every single day.
Everyone has a right to feel safe at work, so when will the Home Secretary accept that retail crime is out of control and accept Labour’s plan to introduce a new law to protect retail workers from violence and actually stand up for shop workers?
Theft offences are down by 47% since 2010, of course—those are the crime survey figures—but we have recently launched a retail crime action plan, where police are committing to prioritising attendance at incidents of retail crime and always following reasonable lines of inquiry in relation to shoplifting, assaults against shop workers and other forms of offending.
In addition, we legislated in the Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022—
Order.
I call Selaine Saxby.
What recent progress his Department has made on reducing neighbourhood crime.
What recent progress his Department has made on reducing neighbourhood crime.
This Government recognise the impact of neighbourhood crime.
It is the crime that most affects people’s confidence—the confidence of individuals, businesses and communities.
The strategic response to this is evidence-based and targeted, and getting policing right in this area is incredibly important for maintaining community confidence.
I have seen for myself how successful the Government’s safer streets fund was in Barnstaple, and I am delighted that it will be extended into Ilfracombe this year.
Will my right hon.
Friend ensure that councils have the funding to help support those schemes?
I thank my hon.
Friend for highlighting that point.
I am proud of the fact that, since 2010, neighbourhood crime is down by 51% because of the kind of interventions that she highlighted.
I reassure her that we will continue to look at what works, to fund and support, and to make every effort to drive down neighbourhood crime even further.
Police numbers across Devon and Cornwall are at record levels and deserve our praise.
In a recent survey, my constituents in East Devon said that tackling neighbourhood crime is an absolute priority, as ranging from burglaries to thefts from vehicles.
Will my right hon.
Friend outline what progress this Conservative Government have made on cracking down on neighbourhood crime?
I am very pleased that my hon.
Friend’s local community is feeling the positive impact of the decisions we have made.
Since coming into Government, we have seen serious violence reduced by 26%, and neighbourhood crime down by 27% since the start of this Parliament.
We have seen a 36% reduction in domestic burglary, an 18% reduction in vehicle-related theft and a 61% decrease in robbery.
We have reduced homicide by 15%, have taken action on drugs and are committed to—
Order.