Friend agree that the key to reducing levels of fraud is to help people to understand what might be a fraud so that they are not taken in by it?
Is there more that we can do to help people to spot the signs and not become a victim in the first place?
The question about what is a fraud is becoming all too prevalent.
We have heard of many different kinds of fraud coming up in many different areas, which is why in a few weeks’ time we will, I hope, launch a new comms campaign about it.
The truth is that fraud affects so many people in so many ways, and we are trying to make sure that people know what is going on so they can claim the help and support that they need, to make sure that we defeat this pernicious evil.
We simply do not have the resources or expertise to tackle fraud.
I have a constituent who is still waiting for a charging decision five years after being the victim of fraud.
Her retirement has been ruined waiting for the police and the Crown Prosecution Service to make the charging decision.
Durham constabulary has a single forensic account.
Does the Minister believe, as I do, that a lack of specialist resources is leading to unacceptable delays in justice?
I completely understand the hon.
Gentleman’s point, and that is exactly why this Government have introduced a new national fraud squad—which is now almost fully recruited, at 400—and increased the funding available to forces to fight fraud.
Some forces are doing exceptionally well at this already.
Avon is doing extremely well and the City of London police is doing exceptionally well in leading on fraud nationally.
What discussions he has had with the Scottish Government on recent changes to legal migration rules.
The Home Office engages with the devolved nations through the inter-ministerial group and recognises that each of the nations of the UK has varying immigration needs, reflected in the varied shortage occupation lists for each nation.
Immigration will, however, remain reserved.
It is not possible to operate distinct systems without effectively creating an internal UK migration border system.
Figures from the Office for National Statistics have revealed that the changes to the minimum income threshold for family and skilled workers disproportionately impact Scotland.
Median earnings on the west coast of Scotland are £24,700 a year, which is far short even of the climbdown figure of £29,000.
Did the Home Secretary even consider that this policy would effectively cut off migration to parts of Scotland that need and would benefit from inward migration?
The Government’s position is clear: the changes that we are introducing are the right thing.
The numbers of dependents we are seeing coming is disproportionate.
There will be an opportunity, through the review of the composition of the immigration salary list in the second phase, and through the call for evidence, for exactly those debates to be had and for those views to be made known.
I call the Scottish National party spokesperson.
The Home Office’s knee-jerk policy to raise the threshold and its sudden partial reverse ferret to bring it slightly back down again caused a huge amount of distress to people up and down these islands who now do not know what the future holds for them and their families.
What equality impact assessment has been carried out on the policy which, as well as affecting Scotland, will disproportionately affect women?
When he announced the changes, the Home Secretary made a commitment to lay the information on the projected volumes in the House Library.
It seems that the hon.
Lady is criticising the Government for not taking the steps that we have taken to say clearly that the changes will not be applied retrospectively.
We think that that is the right thing to do and that it has provided reassurance to people.