I think it has been widely reported that the Home Secretary was making a joke about not being good enough for his wife.
The point is that we are the first Government who have done something about spiking—it is not a new offence, and the measures to change the statutory provisions in the Offences against the Person Act 1861 could have been taken by the last Labour Government.
The reason we have sought to clarify the matter in law is that we do not think that enough victims are coming forward, and the reason there are not enough prosecutions is the time lag in getting effective toxicology reports.
That is why we are investing  so much money in rapid drinks testing kits, so that hopefully we will be able to get the test done on site on the night, and get more of those offenders behind bars.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
This year, the Home Office will continue to build on our progress on the public priorities: a 36% fall in small boat crossings last year, 86 arrests of small boat pilots, 246 arrests of people smugglers, the biggest-ever international operation resulting in 136 boat seizures and 45 outboard motors being seized, the illegal migration package announced, more than 2,000 county lines drugs lines smashed and the introduction of the Criminal Justice Bill to give police leaders more powers.
We are relentlessly focused on delivering community safety on behalf of the British people.
Now that we have the Home Secretary here to answer for himself, can he tell us whether he is aware that the police are receiving more than 560 reports of spiking every month, and in December the Home Office said that the reason the crime is so prevalent is that it is seen as funny and a joke?
How can we have any confidence in the Home Secretary to deliver action on spiking when he thinks it is a joke?
I am the Home Secretary who has actually introduced action on this.
In my first week in the job, I visited Holborn police station to see the work of the Metropolitan police in tackling violence against women and girls.
I made it clear to the Home Office that my priority was the protection of women and girls.
I am taking action on this issue, and I am absolutely determined to continue doing so.
I am sure the Home Secretary would agree that anti-extremism training in Departments is extremely important.
What more can the Government do to ensure that it is training to tackle extremism, rather than anti-Government and party bias training?
My hon.
Friend will have seen recently a pretty extraordinary report on allegations about extremism and the failure to train properly, and what is going on in universities around the United Kingdom.
In one recent problematic case, it was said that it is very hard to define what a terrorist is.
We know what a terrorist is, the law knows what a terrorist is and this Government know what a terrorist is, and that is exactly why we have just proscribed Hizb ut-Tahrir.
I call the shadow Home Secretary.
We welcome the proscription of Hizb ut-Tahrir.
Five more lives were tragically lost in the channel this weekend.
As criminal gangs profit from those dangerous boat crossings, it shows how vital it is to stop them, but we need the Home Office to have a grip.
The Home  Secretary gave no answer earlier on the 4,000 people he has lost from the Rwanda list.
Can he tell us if he has also lost the 35,000 people he has removed from the asylum backlog?
How many of them are still in the country?
I join the right hon.
Lady in expressing sadness and condolences for those who lost their lives in the channel.
That reinforces the importance of breaking the people-smuggling gangs.