That is very much the focus of our attention.
We are acting in self-defence to protect the lives of seafarers, not endanger them.
The right hon.
Lady would do well to call out the Houthis to stop what they are doing.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that the international law case for his Government’s action in the Red sea is, unusually in my experience, relatively straightforward?
Does he also agree that the next significant challenge is to maintain and enhance a multinational consensus on deterring and combating more of these attacks, if they occur, and that acting in compliance with and respect for international law assists us in that task?
My right hon.
and learned Friend is right.
I hope he will have seen the published legal summary of our advice on this issue.
This proportionate and necessary action was taken lawfully to respond to attacks by the Houthis, and it was the only feasible means to do so.
The UK is, as he knows, permitted under international law to use force in such circumstances.
It is right that we have due regard for the legal advice in such situations, and I reassure him that we will continue always to have regard to it.
While we fight to protect international law, it is important that we also follow it ourselves.
According to the YouGov poll taken last month, 71% of the British public want a ceasefire in Israel-Gaza, yet last week the  Government launched airstrikes in the Red sea in escalation of the situation in the middle east.
Although the Government were not under any constitutional obligation to have a parliamentary vote on that military action, or to abide by the result of any such vote, does the Prime Minister believe that the Government have a duty to the British public and the parliamentary community, which represents the British people, in building political support for such military action?
The Leader of the Opposition rightly said we need to ensure that malign actors do not try to distort what we have done for their own purposes.
I gently say to the hon.
Lady that to conflate and link our action against the Houthis with the situation in Israel-Gaza just gives ammunition to our enemies who seek to make things worse in the region.
We acted in self-defence, and I have explained the reasons, the processes that we followed and the accountability that I have to Parliament, which I am now discharging.
Separately, we will, of course, work very hard to bring humanitarian aid into Gaza and to try to bring about the sustainable ceasefire that we all want to see.
I commend my right hon.
Friend for prosecuting this military action.
As a matter of law it was highly necessary and clearly proportionate, and his legal position is watertight.
Countries around the world depend on that route but, as usual, it is the British and the Americans who do something about protecting it.
However, there are reports that more Houthi attacks are taking place this afternoon.
Will he take more military action, if necessary?
I thank my right hon.
and learned Friend for his support.
Of course, he will understand that I will not speculate on future action.
This was intended as a limited single action, and we hope the Houthis will now step back and end their destabilising attacks.
As I said earlier, we will not hesitate to protect our security, our people and our interests, where required.
If we do so, we will, of course, follow the correct procedures and precedent, as we did in this case.
The Prime Minister is right that Ukraine needs military support, but it also needs to be rebuilt.
Last year, the British Government opposed proposals that we should seize $300 billion-worth of Russian state assets sitting in banks around the world, including in the UK, and use them to rebuild Ukraine.