It is a pleasure to speak on Third Reading.
It was important, when the Animal Welfare (Kept Animals) Bill was set aside, that a commitment was made to bring legislation forward, and this is a key element of it.
It is a key element of our manifesto commitment that we will fulfil, and frankly the other House should stop bleating about this element.
We will get the other aspects done.
I myself am taking a private Member’s Bill through that covers one elements of the kept animals Bill.
We should not be playing tit for tat on this.
It is about something that really matters, the welfare of animals, and this is a really important stage.
The Minister has read out a litany of what we have achieved in our time in office.
The one person who cannot speak in this debate is my hon.
Friend  the Member for West Dorset (Chris Loder) , who took through the Animal Welfare (Sentencing) Act 2021 with the support of the Government.
As the chief executive of the RSPCA said, that was a monumental moment for animal welfare legislation, empowering the courts to hand out sentences that more accurately reflect the seriousness of these crimes.
I strongly support the Bill.
I say to the House, and to the other House, that it is a simple, straightforward Bill and it could get through by the end of March and be done by Easter, without question.
This is not the moment to add other elements left, right and centre.
Let us keep it simple and keep our manifesto commitments.
I hope the House of Lords respects the will of this House, and I look forward to the Bill not coming back but becoming an Act before the end of the spring.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What recent progress he has made on reducing the backlog of asylum applications.
What steps he is taking to reduce the backlog of asylum applications.
Last year we cleared the equivalent of 90,000 legacy claims and processed a total of more than 112,000 claims—the largest volume in two decades.
The total asylum backlog is now at its lowest point since December 2022.
The improvement of processes continues, and we will continue to review and improve them to accelerate the decision making from hereon in.
I am grateful to the Home Secretary for that update, but there are still four hotels in and around Warrington housing asylum seekers.
Will he give us an update on the closing of hotels, and will he also tell us what steps he is taking to speed up the processing of refugees when they are in hotels awaiting the outcome of their claims?
My hon.
Friend made an important link between the speed of asylum processing and the need for asylum accommodation in various forms, including hotels.
We are moving away from using hotels as that type of accommodation, thus reducing the cost to the public purse, and we will maintain recruitment levels and improve processes so that the speed of processing that we are seeing now can be continued.
Although I cannot make commitments about the specific hotels in my hon.
Friend’s constituency, he should rest assured that we are seeking to drive down the number of hotels on which we rely.
My constituent arrived in the UK 15 months ago and was interviewed, but has been waiting for more than a year to receive a final response.
He is not alone: according to the Refugee Council,  33,085 asylum cases have been lodged in the last six months alone, putting ever more strain on a broken system.
The Home Secretary said that the legacy backlog was going down, but what about those more recent cases?
What is being done to deal with them?