I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his support for the action in Ukraine.
Let me touch on his last point, because I agree with him; we are, of course, concerned about the devastating impact of the conflict in Gaza on the civilian population—too many people have lost their lives already—and there is a desperate need for increased humanitarian support into Gaza.
I am pleased that the UK is playing a leading role: we have tripled our aid.
Recently, the Foreign Secretary appointed a humanitarian envoy to the region to address some of the blockages, and we delivered our first maritime shipment of aid into Egypt—more than 80 tonnes of new aid.
When I spoke to Prime Minister Netanyahu, I impressed upon him the importance of not only increasing the flow of trucks, but, crucially, if we can, opening up extra crossings into Gaza, so that  we can increase the flow of aid.
We will continue to press on Israel to do that, so that we can bring more relief to people who are suffering a great deal.
I thank the Prime Minister for a clear statement.
It is reported that the drones being used by the Houthis are being helped by Iran.
The American Enterprise Institute has reported that Russia has given $900 million to Iran for drones.
Will the Prime Minister assure the House that we are doing everything we can in this country to make sure that none of that money is going through the UK financial system?
Let me tell my hon.
Friend that she is right and we agree with the US assessment that Iran has directly supplied and directly supported Houthi attacks in the Red sea, providing intelligence, especially to enable their targeting of vessels, and providing them with missiles and unmanned aerial vehicles.
She is right to say that we should do everything we can to prevent that, and I reassure her on that.
She will know about the measures we have taken over the past two years on financial transparency and beneficial ownership registers, which allow us to crack down on economic crime and money laundering.
Physically, the Royal Navy is involved in interdicting shipments, as it has done successfully last year and the year before.
It will continue to have a presence in the region so that we can disrupt those illegal arms flows.
It is a critical time internationally, but we have a staffing crisis in our Navy, so can we do more to boost the recruitment of sailors by offering science, technology, engineering and maths qualifications?
When will we see our Navy back up to full strength?
Our Royal Navy is one of the top five in the world.
It is capable of operating in all the world’s oceans simultaneously and we are one of only two countries to operate fifth-generation jets from the sea, so we should be confident and proud of our Royal Navy.
As I have said, we are investing in more equipment and capability going into the future.
The hon.
Gentleman is right to highlight some of the recruitment challenges—the Defence Secretary highlighted some of them the other week—but we are doubling down on all our initiatives to ensure that our armed forces have the staff they need for the future, and that those personnel have the equipment and supplies they need to do their jobs effectively.
I fully support my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister.
I welcome both his statement about the action he took on the Houthi and the other part of the statement about Ukraine, because we must support Ukraine and its future.
On the reality of the Houthi, we know that Iran has supported, has supplied and continues to direct the Houthi in their attacks; it supported and directed Hamas in their brutal attacks in October; and it has armed and directs Hezbollah on a regular basis and tells them what to do, through the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps.