Both sides of my family are of immigrant stock: my mother came to the UK in the 1960s, and my father’s family in 1066.
This country has benefited from controlled immigration in a fair system, where people who play by the rules are rewarded and we say no to those who refuse to play by the rules.
I am a legal migrant, too.
Bath has a vibrant hospitality industry that caters for local people and tourists from all over the world, but many of our hotels, restaurants, bars and pubs are already struggling to find enough staff or are under threat of reduced working hours and closure.
How will the Home Secretary ensure that the proposed new salary thresholds and measures to reduce legal migration do not worsen those staff shortages?
We liaise very closely with other Government Departments to ensure that our system, which is transparent and fair, also supports the British economy.
We work particularly closely with the Department  for Work and Pensions to ensure that those who have talent and ambition but who, for whatever reason, are currently unable to fully engage in the job market are enabled to do so.
I myself have a background in the hospitality industry, and we want that industry to continue to thrive.
It is not the case that we should automatically rely on overseas labour for that; we can have home-grown talent as well.
The Home Secretary talked about people coming to UK universities to study.
Many people also come to our universities to carry out ground-breaking and economically important research, and they are worried about the rise in the minimum income thresholds, because that means they will be unable to bring their families with them.
What assessment has he made of the impact of the new changes on our universities’ important research work?
We recognise the contribution of the international pool of talent.
Indeed, when I was Foreign Secretary I signed up to a deal with India for talented postgraduates to exchange experience in our respective countries.
We will always look to support the genuine draw on talent, but we will also ensure that the higher education system is not used as a back-door means of immigration.
The system is about research and education, not a back-door means of getting permanent residence in this country.
What recent assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of neighbourhood policing levels.
Giving the police the resources they need to police local communities and fight crime remains a Government priority.
We have delivered on our commitment to recruit 20,000 additional police officers; indeed, we have surpassed that.
Decisions about how they are deployed are, of course, a matter for discussion between chief constables, police and crime commissioners, and mayors, who are responsible for their local communities.
The legacy of Government cuts has left police forces across England and Wales with a £3.2 billion cash shortfall, and 6,000 officers have now been taken away from frontline policing duties in order to fill the roles of former police staff.
Can the Home Secretary start to acknowledge the effect of Tory cuts?
How will he rectify that and get more frontline police back into our neighbourhoods across the United Kingdom?
As I said, decisions on how a police force balances its important back-office roles and frontline policing roles are rightly decisions for the chief constable.
We have given additional resource, and we have delivered on our commitment to have more police officers.
Of course we are looking at police funding formulas to ensure that they remain well resourced, but there are more than 20,000—in fact, 20,947—additional police officers in England and Wales.
That will ensure that there are more police on the frontline.
I call the shadow Minister.
As my hon.
Friend  the Member for Ogmore (Chris Elmore)  said, to this day we are feeling the devastating impact of the Tories’ decision to cut 20,000 police officers.