My hon.
Friend is right to ask that question, because sadly, we have seen an absolutely vile upsurge in antisemitism on our streets.
We have seen people who claim to be speaking out for equality and justice actually defending people who take slaves, who violate women’s and girls’ rights, and who here in our own country make the Jewish community feel uncomfortable.
That is exactly why this Government have committed £18 million to the Community Security Trust.
Very sadly, we have also had to commit £7 million to academic security, because there has also been a massive increase in antisemitism in universities.
We are combating all of that.
How many times must a demonstration in the same cause be repeated, week in and week out, before the well-funded organisers become liable to pay for at least part of the policing costs?
Of course, we recognise that there is legitimacy to public protests.
We also recognise that the unprecedented and unwarranted pressure that this is   putting on policing around the country is having an impact on communities.
My view is that the organisers have made their point, and repeating it does not strengthen their argument.
Unfortunately, we are also seeing some deeply distasteful people weaving themselves in among those protesters, who are protesting on issues that they feel passionately about, but whose good will is being abused by others.
Will the Home Secretary urgently meet his hon.
Friend and constituency neighbour  the Member for Harwich and North Essex (Sir Bernard Jenkin)  and me to speak about why it is that, although the whole House passed the Public Order Act 2023 with an amendment to ensure safe access zones for women using abortion clinics, this is now subject to a consultation that would gut the legislation?
Can he meet us urgently?
The consultation is due to end on  22 January , and it would not actually do what all MPs in this House voted for.
If the hon.
Lady writes to me on this issue, I will endeavour to find out the details of the point she has made.
rose—
Final question—Tim Loughton.
Last week, the Home Secretary produced a report on safe and legal routes to comply with section 61 of the Illegal Migration Act 2023 and the amendment I tabled last year.
It is very long and generous on the existing legal routes, but can he tell me how my 16-year-old orphan from an east African country with links to the UK, who is a genuine asylum seeker, will be helped to come legally and safely to the UK by what the Government have published so far?
My hon.
Friend is a very passionate advocate on this issue, and we had a conversation last week about this very point.
The fact is that, since 2015, we have welcomed over half a million people through our safe and legal routes.
We are introducing the cap precisely because we want to see that generosity extended in the years ahead, but the pressures of illegal migration in particular make that very challenging and difficult.
This is precisely the sort of issue I want to study with him as we move forward with the cap, to make sure that we continue to help the most vulnerable people from around the world, working particularly with the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and others.
I would like to update the House on the action that we took on Thursday night against Houthi military targets in Yemen.
Since  19 November , Iran-backed Houthis have launched over 25 illegal and unacceptable attacks on commercial shipping in the Red sea, and on  9 January  they mounted a direct attack against British and American warships.
They fired on our ships and our sailors—it was the biggest attack on the Royal Navy for decades—and so we acted.
We did so in self-defence, consistent with the UN charter, and to uphold freedom of navigation, as Britain has always done.