A lot of positive work has gone on, and he should recognise that point.
Humber-side police now has over 800 more officers than in 2010, which obviously enables it to provide a better service to my constituents.
Crucially, it also has top-class leadership, currently provided by Jonathan Evison, the police commissioner, and until recently by Lee Freeman, the former chief constable—I am sure his successor will also provide that leadership.
Does the Minister agree that top-class leadership is important, and what is he doing to ensure improvements are made to the present leadership training scheme?
I join my hon.
Friend in commending Humberside police force on the progress it has made, particularly under recent chief constable Lee Freeman.
In terms of improving leadership, of course, Lee Freeman is now one of His Majesty’s inspectors, and he can apply what he learned and put into practice in Humberside across the whole country.
On 17 October, the Government pledged in the House to make changes to the Afghan citizens resettlement scheme pathways 1 and 3.
When can the House expect an update and a plan?
Of course, we are continuing to work very collaboratively across Government on the response to the situation in Afghanistan, fulfilling the commitments we made to provide that sanctuary in the way that we all want to see.
We will say more about those efforts as soon as we are able.
We heard earlier about the effectiveness of the safer streets fund.
Falmouth in my constituency, where most of the students live, recently received £67,000; in addition, our brilliant police and crime commissioner Alison Hernandez has been working with Dawn Dines, who helped to successfully change the law on spiking.
Can my hon.
Friend demonstrate to my Truro and Falmouth constituents how those positive changes will improve conviction rates in the Devon and Cornwall area?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question, and congratulate her police and crime commissioner on the excellent work she is doing.
My hon.
Friend will be aware that we have amended the Offences against the Person Act 1861 so that the offence of spiking is captured  specifically and comprehensively in law, in part because we want more victims to come forward, but we are told time and again by the police that the most significant barrier to conviction is the length of time between the offence taking place and a toxicology report being received.
We are therefore investing in rapid drink testing research, and we hope to bring testing capacity on site.
UKHospitality estimates that 95% of skilled worker visas that were gained last year would be lost under the new regulations.
That is a vital sector for my local economy in Edinburgh and for Scotland, so when will the Government recognise that the revision to the salary level was not sufficient and bring it down to a reasonable level?
I disagree with the hon.
Lady’s interpretation of the situation.
We should be working in a collaborative cross-Government way, particularly to support domestic employment wherever possible.
Comprehensive steps are being taken through the back to work plan to help deliver on that, and there are many people here on other routes who are perfectly able to work and, with the right support, would be doing so.
That is precisely where we are going to focus our efforts.
What steps is my right hon.
Friend taking to provide advice to police forces across the country to help them support communities during the ongoing conflict between Israel and Hamas?
My hon.
Friend is right to ask that question, because sadly, we have seen an absolutely vile upsurge in antisemitism on our streets.
We have seen people who claim to be speaking out for equality and justice actually defending people who take slaves, who violate women’s and girls’ rights, and who here in our own country make the Jewish community feel uncomfortable.