It seems that the hon.
Lady is criticising the Government for not taking the steps that we have taken to say clearly that the changes will not be applied retrospectively.
We think that that is the right thing to do and that it has provided reassurance to people.
Ultimately, we need to get net migration under control and we think it is a pragmatic and sensible package to take forward.
That does not answer the question that I put to the Minister at all.
What equality impact assessment has been carried out on this policy?
What recognition of wage levels in Scotland has there been in relation to the policy?
He cannot tell me.
One of my constituents tells me that they are worried about their spouse, who works as a legal administrator, coming over from Australia.
Also, a man is worried about his nephew and partner who will never be able to return from Canada if they want to come back to live in Scotland, and there are many more who are guilty only of falling in love with somebody of what the Government consider to be the wrong nationality.
Will the Minister apologise to them for the chaos that these policies have caused?
The position is as I have set out.
We think the number of people coming to the country in this way is not sustainable and that we are taking forward a pragmatic, balanced package.
As I have said, the measures will not be applied retrospectively, so they will not affect existing applications that have been lodged.
What the average length of time was between (a) thefts being reported and (b) first contact with the police in the last 12 months.
The Government take domestic burglary very seriously, which is why, just over a year ago, we obtained a commitment from the police to attend every residential burglary.
That is delivering results and, according to the crime survey, residential burglary has fallen by 8% year on year.
I thank the Minister for his response.
In 2022, the cost of rural theft in the south-west rose by 16.6% from the year before.
Has the Minister made an assessment of the success of the new national rural crime unit in improving police contacts with victims of rural theft?
I agree that combating rural crime is extremely important, and the national rural crime unit is designed to do exactly that.
We have also legislated, of course, and we will implement that legislation to ensure that things like all-terrain vehicles and agricultural equipment have to be marked or fitted with an immobiliser.
Overall domestic burglary has fallen by 57% since 2010.
What progress his Department has made on implementing the Government’s 10-year drugs plan “From harm to hope”, published on 6 December 2021.
The commitments in the drugs strategy are being delivered, including investing more than £300 million in additional treatment capacity to create over 50,000 extra treatment places.
We are also enforcing hard, such as by closing down more than 2,000 county lines since 2019.
Local police in and around Weston-super-Mare have had notable successes in disrupting drug dealing and supply, but new dealers quickly take the place of the old ones.
The quantity of drugs and the number of addicts are not declining.
Does the Minister accept that although enforcement and education are vital, they are not enough to solve this problem on their own, and that the underlying legal frameworks we use to control these dangerous chemicals have to be addressed, too?
Enforcement is important.
Besides closing down those 2,000 county lines, Border Force seized about 19 tonnes of cocaine in the year ending March 2022—the largest amount seized in a single year on record.
I have already mentioned treatment.
The most important thing is to get people out of their addiction entirely, which is why we are investing so much extra money in treatment.
There are no plans to change the legal framework.