He is not alone: according to the Refugee Council,  33,085 asylum cases have been lodged in the last six months alone, putting ever more strain on a broken system.
The Home Secretary said that the legacy backlog was going down, but what about those more recent cases?
What is being done to deal with them?
The improved processes and the increased number of Home Office officials working on this issue mean that not only the legacy cases but the current ones will be dealt with more quickly, which will reduce the need for asylum accommodation of all types.
I cannot comment on individual cases because the circumstances are different in each one, but the hon.
Lady should rest assured that the lessons we have learned about the increased speed of processing will benefit those who are already in the system.
Of course, we are also determined to drive down the number of people who come here in the first place, reducing the pressure on our asylum processing system in doing so.
I call the shadow Minister.
The shambolic incompetence of this Government across every aspect of its disgraceful mismanagement of our country’s asylum system knows no bounds, but today I will highlight a particularly egregious example.
We already knew that the number of removals of asylum seekers whose claims had been rejected had collapsed by 50% since Labour left office in 2010, but over the weekend it emerged that the Home Office had lost contact with an astonishing 85% of the 5,000 people who have been identified for removal to Rwanda.
Where on earth are those 4,250 asylum seekers who have gone missing?
Will the Home Secretary drop all the smoke and mirrors and acknowledge that the Rwanda plan is just an extortionately expensive and unworkable distraction?
When will he adopt Labour’s plan to recruit 1,000 additional immigration enforcement officers to a new returns unit, so that we can have a system that is based on common sense—
Order.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
No, it is not “thank you”.
I have to get a lot of people in and this is totally unfair.
The question was very, very long, and I was coughing to get the hon.
Gentleman to stop, not to continue.
That is the signal we need to understand.
If the hon.
Gentleman does not want a particular Back Bencher to get in, I ask him please to point them out, because this is giving me that problem.
The mask has slipped.
The Labour party has said that even if the Rwanda scheme were to be successful, it would not keep it.
That shows what Labour Members really think about this.
They have no plan, they have no commitment, and they have even said that if something was working they would scrap it. [
Interruption.]
What steps he is taking to help reduce levels of fraud.
Apologies for my hesitation, Mr Speaker.
I was so busy listening to the heckling opposite that it was difficult to focus on what was going on.
This question is about something of which we should be very proud.
The fact is that fraud ruins lives, but this Government have managed to get it down by 13% year on year, online and offline.
It is extremely important that we continue with that ambitious agenda and ensure that we continue to cut fraud so that we can bring it down completely by the end of the Parliament.
Would my right hon.
Friend agree that the key to reducing levels of fraud is to help people to understand what might be a fraud so that they are not taken in by it?
Is there more that we can do to help people to spot the signs and not become a victim in the first place?
The question about what is a fraud is becoming all too prevalent.