Since  19 November , Iran-backed Houthis have launched over 25 illegal and unacceptable attacks on commercial shipping in the Red sea, and on  9 January  they mounted a direct attack against British and American warships.
They fired on our ships and our sailors—it was the biggest attack on the Royal Navy for decades—and so we acted.
We did so in self-defence, consistent with the UN charter, and to uphold freedom of navigation, as Britain has always done.
Alongside the United States, with support from Australia, Bahrain, Canada and the Netherlands, we ordered the RAF to strike two Houthi military facilities in Yemen.
I want to be clear that these were limited strikes.
They were carefully targeted at launch sites for drones and ballistic missiles to degrade the Houthis’ capacity to make further attacks on international shipping.
I can tell the House today that our initial assessment is that all 13 planned targets were destroyed.
At the drone and cruise missile base in Bani, nine buildings were successfully hit.
A further three buildings were hit at Abbs airfield, along with a cruise missile launcher caught in the open.
We have seen no evidence thus far of civilian casualties, which we took great care to avoid.
I know the whole House will join me in paying tribute to the incredible bravery and professionalism of all our servicemen and women.
The need to maximise the security and effectiveness of the operation meant that it was not possible to bring this matter to the House in advance, but we took care to brief Members—including of course you, Mr Speaker, and the Leader of the Opposition—before the strikes took place, and I have come to the House at the earliest possible opportunity.
I do not take decisions on the use of force lightly.
That is why I stress that this action was taken in self-defence.
It was limited, not escalatory.
It was a necessary and proportionate response to a direct threat to UK vessels, and therefore to the UK itself.
Let me be absolutely clear why the Royal Navy is in the Red sea.
It is there as part of Operation Prosperity Guardian, protecting freedom of navigation as a fundamental tenet of international law.
The Houthis’ attacks on international shipping have put innocent lives at risk.
They have held one crew hostage for almost two months, and they are causing growing economic disruption.
Global commerce cannot operate under such conditions.
Containers and tankers are having to take a 5,000-mile detour around the Cape of Good Hope.
That pushes up prices and imperils the passage of goods, foods and medicines that the British people and others rely on.
We have attempted to resolve this through diplomacy.
After numerous international calls for the attacks to stop, a coalition of countries gave the Houthis a clear and unambiguous warning two weeks ago.
Last week, the UN Security Council passed a resolution condemning the attacks and highlighting the right of nations to defend their vessels and preserve freedom of navigation, yet the Houthis continued on their reckless path.
We should not fall for the Houthis’ malign narrative that this is about Israel and Gaza—they target ships from around the world.
We continue to work towards a sustainable ceasefire in Gaza and to get more aid to civilians.
We also continue to support a negotiated settlement in Yemen’s civil war, but I want to be very clear that this action is completely unrelated to those issues.
It is a direct response to the Houthis’ attacks on international shipping.
We should also recognise the risks of inaction.
It would weaken international security and the rule of law, further damage freedom of navigation and the global economy, and send a dangerous message that British vessels and British interests are fair game.
There is another point here, which is often overlooked.
The Houthis’ attacks risk worsening the dire humanitarian situation in Yemen itself.