The United States of America has indicated that Israel’s response last night was proportionate, and it backed the action.
I am curious: is that view shared by His Majesty’s Government?
For the reasons I gave earlier, I am reluctant to be drawn into a day-by-day commentary on the actions of both sides.
What is key is that we keep the ceasefire going, and that is what the Americans have been clear is still in place.
This is going to be difficult.
The events of the last 24 hours have been difficult, and I am sure that we will have further difficult days ahead.
This is not a straightforward path, and if the right hon.
Gentleman doesn’t mind, I will not be drawn on an individual instance today.
It is now 19 days since  10 October , and there are still hostage families who cannot grieve for a loved one, and still people starving in Gaza because there is not enough aid, and now we are seeing the west bank deteriorate.
In the last 24 hours, Vice-President Vance has argued that “skirmishes” are somehow inevitable.
With the greatest will in the world, the death of 35 children and possibly more is not a “skirmish”.
If the international community can do anything, it is to be involved in the detail of ensuring that the ceasefire holds.
If the Minister will not tell us what the Government’s response is, will he at least say what possible justification the Israelis have given for the latest incident?
I do not wish to spend too much time at the Dispatch Box repeating the statements of others.
I am sure that my hon.
Friend, who follows this issue closely, will have seen what the Israeli Government provided as justification, the statements from Hamas denying that they were involved in the shooting in Rafah, and the considerable uncertainty that has surrounded some of those events.
The key question for the British Government is whether or not we think the ceasefire can hold, and whether we think we can make all the progress, that my hon.
Friend describes, on reopening the aid crossings, disarming Hamas, and transitional governance arrangements.
I am not for one second taking away from the gravity of these incidents—lives have been lost, children have been killed—but the role  that stands before the British Government at the moment is to ensure that the ceasefire does not break down.
That does not mean that we do not get into the detail.
We have a major general in the Civil Military Co-ordination Centre who is part of the efforts to ensure that when violence and threats to the ceasefire occur, we understand the who and the why, but I will not give a running commentary from the Dispatch Box until we are in a position to do so.
The Minister has already acknowledged that it is olive harvest season in the west bank—a harvest that supports approximately 100,000 farming Palestinians—yet we have seen more than 150 attacks by settlers against those farmers.
How are the Government holding the Israeli Government to account to stop those settlers acting with impunity?
As the hon.
Member rightly identifies, this is a period of particular danger.
We have repeatedly condemned the increase in violence that is associated with settlements, and we have made sanctions against that.
We will continue to make those points strongly in this harvest season as we did during the last.
All Members have been appalled by the scenes that emerged from Gaza in the wake of the ceasefire, showing Hamas executing people in the streets as they seek to reassert control over the area.
Does the Minister agree that such scenes simply reinforce that Hamas are nothing but terrorists and murderers, and that they must have nothing to do with the future governance of Palestine?
I agree with my hon.
Friend.
The scenes we have seen, which the shadow Foreign Secretary referred to, are chilling.