I gently point out that he was elected to represent a Reform party that would dismantle our NHS and charge people to see their doctor.
Reform says that it stands up for the working class, but the truth is that it never has—its Members voted to block the Employment Rights Bill again and again.
Does the Prime Minister agree that only this Government are on the side of working people?
It is Labour that is creating tens of thousands of jobs, like in our deal with Turkey; it is Labour that is getting rid of zero-hours contracts; and it is Labour that is protecting workers from unfair dismissal from day one.
I am proud that we have delivered the biggest upgrade to workers’ rights in a generation—which the Tories and Reform have voted against at every turn, as they always do with any form of workers’ rights and protections.
The deal that we struck on   Monday with Turkey is worth £8 billion, 20,000 jobs and 10 years of work in manufacturing the Typhoons.
It was possible only because we are a trusted member of NATO.
Reform would be an absolute nightmare on defence—it would not be a trusted member of NATO because it is Putin-friendly.
Targets for cancer patients beginning treatment within 62 days have not been met by any NHS trust for 10 years—a legacy of the last Conservative Government.
If those targets had been met in every month of 2025, so far nearly 3,000 breast cancer patients would have started their treatment on time.
Will the Prime Minister ensure that the national cancer plan, which I asked for a year ago, makes it possible for the 62-day target to be met, along with recruiting much-needed cancer specialists and replacing outdated equipment?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for raising this matter, which I know is personal to him.
We are investing £600 million to improve diagnostic capacity and are rolling out new radiotherapy machines, including, I am pleased to say, in his local trust.
We have seen real improvements, with 148,000 more people now having cancer diagnosed or ruled out within 28 days, but I acknowledge that there is more to do.
The national cancer plan will set out how we will go further and deliver the best care for every patient.
The big four banks have been allowed to abandon our high streets, basically closing their branches with impunity.
Between 1999 and 2025, my constituency alone lost banks in Guide Post, Newbiggin-by-the-Sea, Bedlington and Blyth.
Meanwhile, those banks made more than £40 billion profit in the last year alone—they are absolutely drowning in cash.
The manifesto pledge to roll out 350 banking hubs is to be welcomed, but its quirky—almost bizarre—qualifying criteria need detailed revision.
Will the Prime Minister commit to a wholesale review of personal face-to-face banking, which would enable local residents and businesses, alongside many vulnerable people, to access their own money in their own time on their own high street?
I know how important face-to-face banking is on our high streets.
As my hon.
Friend says, we have committed to rolling out 350 banking hubs across the United Kingdom, and over 180 are already open.
However, I want to reassure him that 350 is not the limit; although decisions over hubs are taken independently, they can be rolled out wherever a community needs one.
I am happy to make sure the relevant Minister follows up with details for him.
I am proud that the last Government introduced the triple lock, and we have committed to keeping it.
Order.
The problem is, one or two of you are trying to catch my eye.
If we don’t get through this, you won’t get a chance.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
The triple lock was a great achievement of the previous Government, and we will be keeping it.
From April, pensioners with private pensions as low as £2 a month will be paying income tax for the first time.