I reassure the House that I am absolutely certain that everyone in the UK who is working on this is focused on ensuring that the ceasefire sticks in the way that my hon.
Friend describes.
Indeed, I can tell from our many contacts with the American system that they remain similarly focused.
They want this ceasefire to stick, and they are working to try to ensure that it does.
Will the Minister give assurances to the House that this Government are utterly committed, along with our international allies, to eradicating Hamas’s terrorist infrastructure, and that they will not cease until Hamas have been fully dismantled and obliterated, and the remains of those hostages murdered in captivity have been returned?
As I said to  the hon.
Member for Boston and Skegness (Richard Tice) , we are committed to ensuring that those bodies are returned and that Hamas  are disarmed.
The infrastructure of Hamas is not just heavy weapons and small weapons, as has been the case in other conflicts; there is also a network of tunnels under Gaza that have posed a very significant threat to Israel.
Dismantling them is a difficult and complex engineering and military task, but it needs to be included as part of the process.
I strongly welcome the Minister’s commitment to work to support Chevening scholars to leave Gaza, particularly the decision to extend that support to students with full scholarships.
Will the Minister update the House on the latest steps that the Government have taken to support Gazan students who wish to study in the UK, particularly those I have been arguing about who have dependants who they understandably do not wish to leave in Gaza?
If you will permit me, Madam Deputy Speaker, I will say a little bit about the wider evacuation operations.
Evacuations have continued, including on Monday and Tuesday this week, both for students, who my hon.
Friend has been so doughty in pursuing, and for highly medically vulnerable children who can benefit from UK support.
That work continues, and I have been working alongside the Under-Secretary of State for Health and Social Care, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Glasgow South West (Dr Ahmed) .
We have been able to help many people to get to the UK to transform their lives by getting vital medical assistance and educational opportunities, which I hope will allow all of them to make a real contribution to the future of Palestine.
The operations to get people in and out of Gaza have been incredibly complex, not least given the most recent closures.
I am afraid that there are very strict limits on how many dependants anyone can bring out.
We have made an update to our policy in relation to students who are fully funded, which says that we can support a very small number of dependants to leave.
I know that many hon.
Members with an interest in this have engaged with me directly, and I reiterate that these operations remain incredibly complex.
I am happy to talk to all hon.
Members who have an interest, but there is neither infinite capacity in the UK to support people, nor, even with our partners, unlimited capacity to get people out.
We have made an announcement and I pay tribute to the work of my hon.
Friend and many others across the House, but I wish to keep people’s expectations suitably focused on the very many constraints that remain on these operations.
Renewed violence in Gaza continues against a backdrop of unimaginable human suffering.
Millions remain in desperate need of food, water and medical supplies, yet aid convoys continue to face unacceptable obstacles.
The UN reported yesterday that many of the 177 aid trucks that entered Kerem Shalom were limited by congestion on coastal roads, in part because of damage to that aid route, meaning that they were forced to limit their supply of aid far below what was agreed.