I agree with my hon.
Friend.
The scenes we have seen, which the shadow Foreign Secretary referred to, are chilling.
Hamas are terrorists and they can have no role.
The work to remove and disarm them will not be easy, but it is the vital and necessary next step.
Yesterday it emerged that Hamas do know where the bodies of the remaining hostages are, as video evidence emerged of them playing games with one body, removing it from a building, burying it, then bringing along the International Red Cross and pretending that they had found it and dug it up.
Do the Minister and the Government condemn that, and what more can they do with our international allies and the Gulf nations to put pressure and leverage on Hamas to return all the remaining bodies immediately?
The hon.
Member is right: Hamas must return all the bodies immediately.
We have made that point to our regional partners with force, and we will continue to do so.
The war crimes carried out by Israel last night, including the killing of 35 children, are a continuation of the horrors that we have seen over the last two years visited on the people of Palestine by a state led by Prime Minister Netanyahu, who is currently wanted for war crimes.
The Government rightly brought wide-ranging sanctions on Russia for its unlawful invasion of Ukraine and its war crimes, but is it the truth that unless there are real consequences for Netanyahu and Israel for these war crimes, they will carry on?
A lack of action and sanctions is giving the  green light and treating them with kid gloves, so is now the time for extensive widespread sanctions on Israel?
Why is Israel treated differently from Russia, and why is Netanyahu treated differently from Putin?
We have discussed sanctions in this House many times, including the three waves during my time in government, and including against two Ministers.
The priority now has to be to make the ceasefire work, to move to phase 2, and to get through all these incredibly important and complex questions, and that is the focus of this Government.
Over the past decade there has been a stark absence of diplomatic efforts to address the core issues of the conflict, and the continued advocacy for a two-state solution.
Civil society organisations have played a vital role during this time in entering that chasm.
Will the Minister outline how the Government are providing help to those organisations?
For example, will it be through the recently announced international fund for Israeli-Palestinian peace?
We remain focused on supporting the whole range of civil society.
The hon.
Member will be aware of some of the proposals in the Knesset, which we have opposed and to which I referred in my opening remarks.
We will continue to conduct that work and will have more to say about the fund she refers to in the coming days and weeks.
The ceasefire has been one of the few positive achievements in what has been an unending tale of misery, violence, and horrific suffering, and all those involved in achieving that ceasefire deserve the gratitude and recognition that has been received.
Now as Israel continues to kill Gazan children, and Hamas refuse to disarm, will the Minister reassure us that everyone involved in achieving a ceasefire in the US, the UK, and the middle east is equally concentrated and focused on keeping the peace and making the ceasefire work as a beginning of a peace process?
Can he further reassure us, given our recognition of Palestine, that the Palestinian voice will be heard?
I reassure the House that I am absolutely certain that everyone in the UK who is working on this is focused on ensuring that the ceasefire sticks in the way that my hon.
Friend describes.
Indeed, I can tell from our many contacts with the American system that they remain similarly focused.