Instead of tax rises, will he work with us to find a way to cut welfare spending and get Britain working again?
The right hon.
Lady talks about the Conservatives’ record, so let us go through it.
They crashed the economy.
Inflation went up to 11%.
Mortgages went through the roof.
Welfare spending went up by £33 billion.
And they want to give us advice!
They reduced the UK to a laughing stock.
Because of our Budget, waiting lists have come down, wages are up, mortgage rates are down and other countries want to do deals with us.
Just on Monday of this week, the Turkish Government signed an £8 billion deal for Typhoons.
Earlier this year, the Norwegian Government signed  a £10 billion deal for frigates.
That is because of  the Budget that we passed—fixing the mess that the Tories left.
It is not because of the Budget that the Prime Minister passed; I started that deal back in January 2024, and I welcome it. [
Interruption.]
It has nothing to do with the Government’s Budget; we are lucky the deal is still happening.
I welcome the £8 billion deal that he has done with Turkey, but I remind him that just last month his Chancellor borrowed £20 billion.
He will have to sell a hell of a lot more jets to make up for that.
He will not rule out any tax rises, he cannot cut spending and he is increasing unemployment.
This man knows nothing about economic growth, except how to destroy it.
In his weakness, he has caved in to the unions on their regulations that will cripple businesses, costing them £5 billion every year. [
Interruption.]
Yes, please do speak up, because I want every single business out there to hear Labour MPs heckling when we talk about the damage that they are doing.
I ask the Prime Minister: how on earth can he consider adding more burdens for these firms to deal with?
The right hon.
Lady has overlooked the fact that we had the highest growth in the G7 in the first six months of this year—and that growth has just  been upgraded—and we had three interest rate cuts.
We are not going to take lessons from the Conservatives.
She has now introduced what I think she calls a “golden economic rule”.
This golden rule that she is now putting forward—very golden!—is £47 billion-worth of unspecified spending cuts, with no detail whatsoever.
Let me put that in context: that would mean 85,000 fewer nurses, 234,000 fewer teachers or cutting every police officer in the country twice over.
No wonder the Institute for Government said she is on “shaky foundations”.
That is exactly what caused the problem in the first place.
The fact that he has to stand there and make stuff up just shows what kind of Prime Minister he is.
We had an itemised list worth £47 billion; £23 billion was on welfare spending, which I asked him to work with us to cut.
He refuses to do so.
All he knows how to do is tax, tax, tax.
If you work, the Government tax you more.
If you save, they tax you more.
If you buy a home, they tax you more.
None of these taxes were in their manifesto, which he had four years to prepare.
He is raising taxes because he is too weak to control spending.
He is blaming us, he is blaming the OBR.
Last week, they were blaming Brexit.
Is it not the truth that with this Prime Minister, it is always someone else’s fault?
The Conservatives were kicked out of office because they broke the economy.
They will not be trusted for years to come.
The right hon.
Lady cannot tell us what her position is on the last Budget, and she has a phantom £47 billion with no foundation as we go forward.