I call the shadow Secretary of State.
After wantonly scrapping the Rwanda scheme, the Labour Government are now overseeing record-breaking figures of illegal immigrants.
It is reported that the scandal is now engulfing north Wales, where more than 200 illegal immigrants have tried to gain entry to the country on ferries from Dublin to Holyhead.
Meanwhile, there is talk about Penally military camp in south-west Wales, which was previously condemned by the Welsh Labour Government.
It appears that their policy, along with Reform’s, is from boats to barracks, as is happening in Scotland and Sussex, yet Plaid says that there is no such thing as illegal immigration.
Does the Minister agree that her Government and Plaid have no idea about and no interest in how to make our borders safe?
I fear that the Conservatives forget about the chaos that they created.
We inherited a broken system after 14 years of chaos, and contracts that we have to honour, but in the past year we have halved the use of hotels.
We have removed 30,000 people who have no right to be here.
It is not job done, as I say, but it is a work in progress.
We can compare that work in just one year with 14 years of chaos under the hon.
Lady’s Government.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to improve cross-border rail connectivity between Wales and England.
We are investing at least £445 million in Welsh rail in order to right years of underfunding by past Governments.
That will mean new stations and more and faster trains along the key lines, and will improve cross-border connectivity, create jobs and boost economic growth.
I thank the Minister for that £445 million investment, which will be a fundamental driver of economic growth and connectivity in south Wales.
What action is she taking with Cabinet colleagues and industry partners to ensure that a new station serving my constituents in Magor and Undy is delivered without delay, getting my constituents on track, and faster, towards their destinations?
My hon.
Friend has been a strong champion for this rail investment, which is the key to unlock Wales’s economic potential.
It includes funds to progress the five Burns stations in Cardiff East, Newport West, Somerton, Llanwern and Magor and Undy.
I will continue to work with the Wales Rail Board and the Welsh Government to ensure that the community my hon.
Friend represents is given the infrastructure that it needs.
The huge potential of both the north-west of England and north Wales is being held back by poor rail infra-structure.
The last Conservative Government committed themselves to spending at least £1 billion to upgrade and electrify the railway lines from Crewe and Warrington through Chester and into north Wales, but this Labour Government have scrapped those transformational plans, at a time when economic growth is a priority.
Will the Minister seek to reinstate the vital rail infrastructure investment in the Mersey Dee and north Wales region?
That money just did not exist.
We are investing a historic £445 million in Welsh rail to right years of underfunding by previous Governments, unleashing Wales’s economic potential.
That will mean new stations, faster trains on key lines, and connecting people with well-paid and better jobs right across Wales.
Two Governments are working in partnership to deliver for the people of Wales.
Order.
Before we come to Prime Minister’s questions, may I welcome, in the Gallery, the honourable Speaker of the Parliament of Sri Lanka and his delegation?
The Prime Minister was asked—
If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 29 October.
The scenes of destruction emerging from Jamaica are truly shocking.
Both the Foreign Secretary and I have been in close contact with our Jamaican counterparts in recent days to offer the UK’s full support.
I can update the House: HMS Trent and specialist rapid deployment teams are pre-positioned in the region, and we stand ready to provide humanitarian support.