Renewed violence in Gaza continues against a backdrop of unimaginable human suffering.
Millions remain in desperate need of food, water and medical supplies, yet aid convoys continue to face unacceptable obstacles.
The UN reported yesterday that many of the 177 aid trucks that entered Kerem Shalom were limited by congestion on coastal roads, in part because of damage to that aid route, meaning that they were forced to limit their supply of aid far below what was agreed.
As yet, aid routes are not fully open, but Gazans cannot wait any longer.
Aid restrictions should never have been there in the first place.
What specific pressure are the Government exerting on Prime Minister Netanyahu and the Israeli authorities to get the routes fully open and the aid in?
The hon.
Member asks an important question.
As I said earlier, it is welcome that there has been an increase in Kerem Shalom, but there is congestion too.
The UN, the private sector and a number of donors who are not using the UN are all trying to get aid through Kerem Shalom, so the congestion that she describes is perhaps to be expected.
It is vital that other routes, including the Allenby bridge with Jordan and the Rafah crossing, which has already been the subject of much discussion, reopen too.
We are working with our partners on these questions.
We want to see progress soon—I would like to see it in days—but this has proved to be more complex than I had hoped and talks are ongoing.
I place on record my thanks to the Minister for his tireless work on the issues in the middle east.
The devastation continues for Palestinian people living in Gaza, whether from the murderous intent of Hamas or from further strikes from Israel, which reportedly killed 104 people, including 46 children, overnight.
Alongside that, Gaza’s healthcare system has been decimated, and it is always women and girls who end up being the worst victims in such circumstances.
Does the Minister agree and will he update the House on how further aid can be directed to support women and girls in particular, and to rebuild healthcare systems in Gaza?
These are vital questions from my hon.
Friend, who I know has remained very focused on the issues.
The Under-Secretary of State for Health and Social Care, my hon.
Friend the Member for Glasgow South West, who has kindly joined me on the Front Bench, and I remain focused on the issues.
As access to Gaza becomes easier, as we all hope that it does, among the most urgent actions are ensuring that medical supplies, personnel and infrastructure are in place to meet the very significant needs of Gazan people.
We will continue to work closely on that.
Every day since the ceasefire took place, at least 20 Palestinians in Gaza have been killed by the IDF.
There have been numerous other breaches of the ceasefire and continued military activity in the west bank.
Will the Minister assure the House that Britain no longer flies RAF aeroplanes over Gaza, no longer co-operates with Israel on its security arrangements, and no longer supplies any weapons to Israel, because of its frequent breaches of the ceasefire and its continued abuse of the people of Gaza and the west bank?
I have set out our arrangements in relation to arms and the very significant suspensions that we made from the Dispatch Box a number of times—they remain in place.
The right hon.
Member asks about RAF flights; I think he refers to the RAF flights that were attempting to find hostages in Gaza.
Those flights have stopped.
The hostages have been released, so there is no further function for those flights and they have ended.