Last weekend I spoke to Paul, who runs Bah-Humbug Sweets in Littlehampton, and yesterday I heard from Matt, a tech entrepreneur whose British company employs thousands worldwide.
Their businesses could not be more different, but they both told me the same thing: this Government are piling on new taxes, regulation and costs that are making it harder to create jobs, invest and grow.
So when will the Prime Minister stop choking opportunity and start backing the people who create jobs in the first place?
Our small business plan was widely welcomed by small businesses across the country, not least because of their input into it.
The hon.
Lady complains about the measures we had to take at the last Budget, including national insurance—[Interruption.]
The Conservative Front Benchers are saying that we chose to take them, but they still cannot say whether they would reverse them.
They know nothing about the damage they did to our economy.
I am wearing all black today to demonstrate my sorrow over a fatal stabbing that took place in my constituency yesterday.
We all know that one death is one death too many, but I have had two deaths in my constituency in the last few weeks.
My community needs reassurance.
Knife crime must end.
Will the Prime Minister say what more his Government are doing to tackle knife crime?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising these tragic cases, which have a huge impact on families, friends and communities.
I know that she is a passionate and dedicated campaigner on this issue.
Every single life lost to knife crime devastates communities.
That is why we banned zombie knives and ninja swords and are strengthening controls on online knife sales.
We are also giving stronger powers to the police in our Crime and Policing Bill, which both the Conservatives and Reform voted against.
I recently had the privilege of visiting Fitzwaryn school, the only special school in my Oxfordshire constituency, to see the excellent care and education it provides.
Given the urgent need for more funding for additional special schools and to enable special schools   to spread their expertise to mainstream schools, what does the Prime Minister say to parents and education workers who are desperately worried by his Government’s decision announced last week to delay reforms to the special educational needs and disabilities system?
I am grateful to the hon.
Member for raising that.
I think the broken SEND system has been raised with me more frequently than any other issue at Prime Minister’s questions.
We need to review it because it is not working for any of those involved, particularly children and parents.
It is important that we get it right and, in so far as we can, that we get a consensus on how we go forward.
That is what we are attempting to do.
A fourth patient has entered the glioblastoma drug trial set up in memory of my late sister.
Today, we are joined by Ben Trotman, a patient of a similar trial in 2022 that was funded by the Jon Moulton foundation.
Since then, Ben has married Emily, and in March they welcomed beautiful baby Mabel.
When will the National Institute for Health and Care Research spend the £40 million given in 2017 for trials on brain tumours, or will glioblastoma patients always have to rely on the grief stricken or the philanthropist for life and hope?
I begin by paying tribute to my hon.
Friend’s sister Margaret, who was a guiding figure in the Labour party and left a powerful legacy in helping us to tackle brain cancer.
We are determined to improve cancer survival rates and hit all NHS waiting times in relation to cancer so that no patient waits longer than they should.
That is why we are investing £1.5 billion in new surgical hubs and diagnostic scanners to help deliver over 30,000 more procedures and over 1.2 million diagnostic tests.