They will not be trusted for years to come.
The right hon.
Lady cannot tell us what her position is on the last Budget, and she has a phantom £47 billion with no foundation as we go forward.
That is exactly the mess that they caused, and they have not changed one bit.
Meanwhile, we are fixing their mess: 5 million extra NHS appointments, five interest rate cuts, and growth and wages are up.
That is the change a Labour Government make.
As Palestinians try to rebuild their lives amid the rubble of Gaza, last night once again dozens of innocent people were killed by Israeli airstrikes.
What will the UK do, along with our international partners, to hold the Israeli—the Netanyahu—Government to account for their actions, and what more can we do to ensure that aid gets in as the Israel Defence Forces block aid in breach of both the peace agreement and international law?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this point.
I am deeply concerned by the strikes.
This underlines the fragility of the ceasefire deal.
All sides need to uphold President Trump’s peace plan.
It is the only route to long-term peace for Israelis and Palestinians.
We are of course in close touch with the US and regional allies pushing for de-escalation.
The scale of destruction in Gaza is unimaginable.
The immediate priority remains getting aid in at the speed and the volume needed.
We come to the leader of the Liberal Democrats.
May I associate myself with what the Prime Minister said about Jamaica, and indeed all the islands and countries affected by Hurricane Melissa?
Our thoughts and prayers are with them all.
I am sure the whole House will also want to join me in paying tribute to Prunella Scales.
I suspect I am not the only Member of the House with a “Fawlty Towers” DVD box set.
She will be greatly missed.
Across Europe, in countries like Poland, Germany and France, we have seen evidence of dangerous Russian political interference.
Last month, the former leader of a major party in Wales pleaded guilty to taking bribes to make pro-Russian statements.
The evidence shows that Nathan Gill was a close confidant of the current Reform party leader for years.
Does the Prime Minister agree with me that it is time we had an in-depth investigation into Russian meddling and money in British politics?
I join in the right hon.
Member’s comments on Prunella Scales.
On the question of Russian interference, it is a serious problem in countries across Europe, including in our country, where it is a constant threat.
For NATO allies, the conflict in Ukraine and dealing with Russian aggression is the No.
1 issue.
That is why I have to say the Reform party would be an absolute disaster for our defence.
We are a trusted member of NATO; we would not be a trusted member if we were Putin-friendly.
We are leading the coalition of the willing, giving security and comfort to 30 other countries.
That would collapse under Reform because it is Putin-friendly, and it would be a real threat to our defence and our security.
I am grateful for the Prime Minister’s reply, and I agree with him on Ukraine, but I do hope he will look to have an investigation into this Russian interference in our politics.
Last week, I questioned how the Prime Minister can accept the damage of Brexit while refusing to do anything meaningful about it.
The damage is clear, with the Financial Times reporting that lower productivity growth alone has blown a £20 billion black hole in the public finances—just part of the Brexit black hole that the Conservatives and Reform will not apologise for.
Last week, he rejected my plan for a new customs union, so can I ask him what action he will take to change the Brexit deal, or is he just planning to complain about it?
The right hon.