Friend’s sister Margaret, who was a guiding figure in the Labour party and left a powerful legacy in helping us to tackle brain cancer.
We are determined to improve cancer survival rates and hit all NHS waiting times in relation to cancer so that no patient waits longer than they should.
That is why we are investing £1.5 billion in new surgical hubs and diagnostic scanners to help deliver over 30,000 more procedures and over 1.2 million diagnostic tests.
I recently met about 20 independent local traders in Totnes who are furious that the last bank in town will close in January and that Link has refused to consider a banking hub.
My businesses and constituents—1,100 of them have signed a petition—deserve better.
The Prime Minister just told  the hon.
Member for Blyth and Ashington (Ian Lavery)  that a banking hub can be rolled out wherever a community needs one, so will he now back my campaign, ask his Ministers to write to Link and instruct it to grant a banking hub to Totnes, and review the eligibility of rural towns for such hubs so that we can keep our vital high streets alive?
I thank the hon.
Member for raising that.
She will have heard the answer I gave a few moments ago.
I will ensure that she gets a meeting with the relevant Minister so that she can put the case for the banking hub in question.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs if she will make a statement on the actions taken to secure the elimination of Hamas from Gaza and the preservation of the ceasefire.
The House will be aware of events over the past 24 hours in Rafah, including reports that Israeli strikes took place last night.
Estimates of the death toll vary, but the suggestion is that up to 100 people in Gaza have been killed.
We understand that these strikes followed an attack yesterday afternoon, where responsibility remains unclear.
As the Prime Minister said earlier, we echo the Americans in calling for urgent de-escalation and for all parties to keep the commitments they have made in the ceasefire agreement.
We are clear that Hamas must release the bodies of all remaining Israeli hostages.
The immediate priority is to ensure the unrestricted flow of aid into Gaza.
The Israeli Government must urgently lift restrictions on aid entering, and international non-governmental organisations must be permitted to operate in Gaza to provide the scale of support that is needed.
Civilians cannot wait.
This Government are working closely with our partners to do everything we can to support the transition from the ceasefire to phase 2 of the peace plan.
This includes the disarmament of Hamas, the deployment of a ceasefire monitoring mission, an international security force  and the implementation of transitional governance arrangements in Gaza.
We are clear that there can be no role for Hamas in the future governance of the strip.
In recent days, the Foreign Secretary has spoken to the UN Under-Secretary-General for humanitarian affairs and emergency relief co-ordination, Tom Fletcher, the Egyptian Foreign Minister and the Israeli Foreign Minister about the importance of opening more crossings and removing restrictions on aid.
As I told the House yesterday, the Foreign Secretary and I will be heading to the region shortly.
On 13 to  15 October , I co-hosted with the Egyptian Government and the Palestinian Authority the first conference to look at how we can leverage sustainable support to Gaza’s reconstruction.
Britain will continue to play our full part in support of the ceasefire and the wider peace initiative.
There is not a moment to lose to get relief at scale to those in need and to make progress on the pathway to a lasting peace.
The situation in Gaza is fragile.