Thank you, Mr Speaker.
The triple lock was a great achievement of the previous Government, and we will be keeping it.
From April, pensioners with private pensions as low as £2 a month will be paying income tax for the first time.
At last year’s Budget, the Chancellor was clear that extending the freeze on personal allowances would breach Labour’s manifesto commitment.
Will the Prime Minister prove the media speculation wrong, keep his promise and guarantee that there will be no extension to the freeze on personal allowances?
The freeze was introduced by them.
That is why it is coming in next year.
The hon.
Member for West Suffolk (Nick Timothy), when he was an official, produced a devastating report on the Home Office.
Reading it, it shows a Department characterised by disarray and defeatism.
There have been 12 Home Secretaries over the past 30 years.
Some were better than others, but none managed to get the Department to deliver the services that people should be able to expect in this country.
Will the Prime Minister give the new Home Secretary the necessary resources and policy interventions to ensure that she can be successful?
Yes.
She is bearing down on the challenges at the Home Office—most of them inherited from the last Government.
We will make the changes necessary, and I have every confidence in the Secretary of State to do so.
I call the Father of the House.
Given all the hatreds there are in the world today, was it not a lovely moment to see the King and the Pope pray together in the Sistine chapel?
Does it not give us hope that these historic divisions can be resolved?
Does it not give us hope that, despite the fact that Ukraine and Gaza may seem intractable problems, if we have the will to preserve the freedom of all people to live in their own country, and if we have the will to have faith in our common humanity, these problems can be resolved and we can win through?
I agree.
I thought that the King and the Pope praying together sent an incredible message to the world and was very powerful.
I agree that if we all work together, we can bring people together, notwithstanding the very many difficulties and challenges around the world and in our own country.
It is why we should, so far as we can, unite on national patriotic renewal in this country, rather than have the toxic division we see from some on the Benches opposite.
Cambridge is one of the most intensive science and innovation clusters in the world, and that success is based on openness to talent.
At the moment, in many American universities there are many well-qualified people pondering their futures.
That presents a fantastic opportunity, but it is a global competition.
What are our Government doing to make the destination of choice for those people the United Kingdom?
My hon.
Friend’s constituency is just one example of why the United Kingdom is a world leader in educating and attracting the brightest minds.
Our immigration White Paper includes changes to make sure that more of the world’s best graduates and entrepreneurs start their careers and businesses here.
We are also boosting our research and development sector with more than £86 billion, to ensure that we continue to attract the best and the brightest.
Last weekend I spoke to Paul, who runs Bah-Humbug Sweets in Littlehampton, and yesterday I heard from Matt, a tech entrepreneur whose British company employs thousands worldwide.
Their businesses could not be more different, but they both told me the same thing: this Government are piling on new taxes, regulation and costs that are making it harder to create jobs, invest and grow.
So when will the Prime Minister stop choking opportunity and start backing the people who create jobs in the first place?