Member asks about RAF flights; I think he refers to the RAF flights that were attempting to find hostages in Gaza.
Those flights have stopped.
The hostages have been released, so there is no further function for those flights and they have ended.
One crucial factor in achieving the current ceasefire was the unprecedented declaration at the end of July by all 22 members of the Arab League, calling on Hamas to release the hostages, lay down their arms and give up power in Gaza.
That was  hugely important in showing Hamas that they had run out of road.
What role do the UK and our partners have in influencing that declaration?
Does the Minister agree that our strong diplomatic relations, led by our excellent diplomats, have a positive impact?
I associate myself very much with my hon.
Friend’s comments.
He knows that neck of the woods well.
Our diplomats are excellent.
I was pleased to be in New York in July when the declaration he describes was made.
It was part of a declaration that included our own commitments in relation to the Palestinian state, which led to our recognition in September.
We all hope desperately for a just peace in Gaza.
I served alongside the Minister as a diplomat in the middle east and as a soldier.
Given that, I particularly welcome the proposed international security force, but it is essential that such a force includes troops from Arab countries and possibly from western countries too, in order to reassure the Israelis, and that it is there for the long term and ready to take casualties.
Will the Minister update the House on what progress there has been on the composition and the mandate of the potential force?
My friend the hon.
and gallant Member is right to focus on some of these practical questions.
He, like me, served in countries where peacekeeping forces were unable to keep the peace and unwilling to take casualties, and were therefore unable to fulfil their mandate.
These are some of the most central and most delicate questions around the ISF.
I hope he will forgive me for not giving a detailed commentary at this time, but I expect to return to the House to provide more detail when I am able.
There have been recent press reports that the Israeli Government have been arming factions within Gaza in order to destabilise Hamas.
Can the Minister comment on any of those reports?
What is the position of the British Government on that?
As I said earlier, I will not provide extensive commentary on reports, but clearly safety and security for Gazans will involve Palestinian authorities able to ensure law and order.
Those who have been living in Gaza have suffered terribly; there has been widespread looting and violence.
I am sure many will pore over the question of who those factions and criminals are and who is supporting them.
The key thing now is that security needs to return to Gaza, and that security cannot be provided by the masked Hamas gunmen that the shadow Foreign Secretary rightly referred to at the outset, so that work continues.
The Minister has rightly emphasised the importance of securing the swift and urgent supply of aid to all those in need in Gaza, but he has also mentioned that some of the crossings remain disrupted or fully closed.
What reasons have been given for the continued delay in reopening all the crossings?
There has been some public reporting of Israeli concerns about the Allenby bridge, particularly after the violence there.
Rafah is a subject that we have discussed many times in this House, and it remains an  absolutely critical artery.
It is true to say that in both the Allenby crossing and Rafah there will need to be agreement between both countries.