We are taking a range of measures with our partners to work through the very complicated but necessary steps, whether that is about transitional governance in Gaza, the security arrangements that need to follow, the international security force, or a whole range of other questions.
I assure the shadow Foreign Secretary that we are deep in those discussions.
We have been having them over the last few days, and we will have them in the region, too.
This is an incredibly complex piece of work, and we remain very focused  on it.
Just quickly on aid, I would like to inform the House that there appears to have been quite a significant uprating of the aid going in, particularly through Kerem Shalom, which is welcome, but the House will know of the centrality of the other crossings, particularly Rafah and the Allenby bridge.
They are not yet fully open.
Aid  cannot therefore flow in the volumes that we would wish to see.
We continue to work with all our partners to try to see them reopen.
I welcome the statement from my hon.
Friend.
It is fairly clear that the Israeli Government agreed to the peace deal only because they felt they had to, not because they necessarily wanted to.
After all this time, we still have not got aid flowing into Gaza in the way we would all want to see.
What further action can the Government take to put pressure on the Israeli Government to ensure that all the aid that is needed actually gets in, and gets in quickly?
That is a vital question from my hon.
Friend, who follows these things closely.
As I said in my last answer, to get to the volumes that we need, we will need both Rafah and the Allenby bridge to be reopened.
It is welcome that there appears to be an increase of aid through Kerem Shalom—both UN aid and private trucks.
It is vital that the Palestinian private sector, particularly in Gaza, can get goods in, restart the market and enable people to go about their normal lives.
We will, as he would expect, continue to work with all our partners until we see the reopening of those crossings.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
The ceasefire was a rare moment of hope despite the challenges ahead, so we share the dismay that extremists on both sides continue to look for opportunities to restart the war.
We feel the distress of the hostage families being tortured by Hamas cruelty, and the grief of those whose family members—women and children—die under IDF bombs.
The fake recovery of bodies by Hamas, as evidenced by the Red Cross, is a cruel and despicable act.
Yet we can also see that extremists in the Netanyahu Cabinet, who have no interest in peace nor in the rights of Palestinian civilians, are straining at the leash to retaliate.
It is this cycle of violence and suffering that we must break.
What steps have the Government taken to work with regional partners to force Hamas to find and return the remaining hostage bodies and to disarm?
Given the importance of maintaining President Trump’s interest and attention, what conversations has the Minister had with US counterparts to ensure that the White House does not lose focus on the prize of peace through a two-state solution?
I can reassure the House that the British Government remain in very regular contact at the highest levels with the American Government on these questions.
The American Government, as I think has been clear in recent days, remain very focused on these issues, which is to be welcomed and supported, as the hon.
Member says.
He raises important points about the recovery of bodies.
I can confirm that I have been in talks with many of my opposite numbers across the region—most recently my Qatari opposites yesterday—as has the Foreign Secretary, and we continue to make these points with force.