When will the Government suspend the UK-Israel trade deal and end all trade linked to the settlements, or will the Minister continue to sit back and allow this complicity?
The hon.
Member refers to the ICJ advisory opinion.
I would not want the House to have the impression that the British Government have done nothing.
At the centre of that advisory opinion is the question of the status of the Occupied Palestinian Territories.
We have been clear, subsequently, in recognising the status of that territory.
The hon.
Member raises important questions about the trade in goods with settlements.
We do not accept trade with settlements on the same basis as trade with Israel.
Where British companies are doing so, they are in breach of the trading arrangements, and His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs will take an interest.
They must ensure that they know who they are trading with and in which territory.
If people in settlements wish to falsely label where the thing is produced, it is difficult—as a whole range of nations and states have found—for others to determine.
I know that the hon.
Member follows these issues closely.
He will no doubt be interested in the efforts of the Irish Government to try to pass exactly the kind of legislation that he is describing, and in the very many difficulties that they have encountered in so doing.
We are not in breach of our international obligations.
If he could point me to legislation that is in operation and does what he says, I would be grateful to see it, but I think this is one of those questions on which we must continue to work with our partners to ensure that the status of the Occupied Palestinian Territories—part of the Palestinian state—is understood by all.
Does the Minister agree that, on top of the absolute imperative of Hamas releasing the remaining hostage bodies and not only completely disarming but being removed from all governance in Gaza, there must be a widespread deradicalisation programme to undo the damage done by innocent children in Gaza being taught in their textbooks, some of which were funded through the UNRWA—an uncomfortable truth—to hate Israel and Jews?
That deradicalisation must happen too.
Much work has been done in recent months, including under this Government, in relation to the curriculum in Gaza, and I am aware of the concerns that have been raised.
The funding to UNRWA that we have provided, which the shadow Foreign Secretary referred to, included specific provision for ensuring that all reforms identified in the Colonna report, including on curricula, were followed through, and we continue to engage with UNRWA on those questions.
My colleagues have already asked about the current horror in Gaza, so I will pivot to the longer term.
Before this crisis, we saw decades of illegal settlements on Palestinian territory, so I welcomed the Government’s sanctions on extremist settlers and Israeli Ministers.
I do not want us to lose sight of that issue, so will the Minister consider what further steps he can take, including trade restrictions, to combat illegal settlements?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right: there has been a significant increase in settlements and in violence associated with those settlements.
This is a continued problem, and we will continue to work at it, alongside our partners, to try to see that terrible trend reversed.
I get the impression that the Minister shares my despair at what feel like constant impediments to real progress that are being put in place by the impunity of both Hamas and of Benjamin Netanyahu’s genocidal regime.
The United States of America has indicated that Israel’s response last night was proportionate, and it backed the action.
I am curious: is that view shared by His Majesty’s Government?
For the reasons I gave earlier, I am reluctant to be drawn into a day-by-day commentary on the actions of both sides.