The damage is clear, with the Financial Times reporting that lower productivity growth alone has blown a £20 billion black hole in the public finances—just part of the Brexit black hole that the Conservatives and Reform will not apologise for.
Last week, he rejected my plan for a new customs union, so can I ask him what action he will take to change the Brexit deal, or is he just planning to complain about it?
The right hon.
Member must have overlooked the fact that there was a UK-EU summit earlier this year, in which there were 10 strands to the change that we have already agreed in relation to the relationship with the EU, including closer trading relationships and closer work on defence and security; that is an iterative process that we will continue into next year.
But he is absolutely right about the botched deal of the last Government and the damage that has done to our economy.
We are just seeing some of the figures coming through in relation to that.
That is one of the factors behind the way they crashed the economy.
Football is a game based on fairness, yet brilliant clubs that unite communities every week, like Hartlepool, are being held back by a fundamental unfairness.
The 3UP campaign—backed by 72 national league clubs, including Hartlepool United, and championed by Hartlepool legend Jeff Stelling—seeks to grant a third promotion place from the national league to league two.
This simple change would be transformational for these historic  clubs, many of which are over a century old.
While I accept Arsenal may never directly benefit from such a change, does the Prime Minister agree that this campaign to put football first would help the new football regulator to protect club heritage, ensure stability, and put fairness and fans back at the heart of our game?
Can I start by wishing Hartlepool United the best for this season?
My hon.
Friend will appreciate that the structure of the leagues is a matter for the leagues themselves, but I commend his campaign and everything that he is putting behind it.
I also pay tribute to the staff, fans and players of Sheffield Wednesday at this difficult time.
We have delivered the Independent Football Regulator to stand up for fans and to make sure that clubs have fit and proper owners.
The Conservatives used to support that, but now they  oppose it.
The Prime Minister has a deep understanding of policing in Northern Ireland and its importance.
He knows about the ongoing national security threat and about the additional costs of dealing with the legacy of our past.
He knows that the Police Service of Northern Ireland has been underfunded, and that the Northern Ireland Executive have rightly brought forward a stability programme for it.
He also know that it is under strength; in 2020, New Decade, New Approach suggested that there should be 7,500 police officers in Northern Ireland, but today there are 6,200.
Does the Prime Minister know, however, that the Treasury did not look favourably on a request to draw on the reserves for a data breach that cost £120 million?
Does he recognise that, in Treasury terms, the incident was “unforeseen, unaffordable and unavoidable”, and therefore matches the Treasury’s criteria?
To set aside that money in-year would be 10% of the PSNI’s overall budget—it is not affordable.
Can I ask him to think about this issue again, in engagement with the Chancellor, and to ensure that our Police Service of Northern Ireland and the national security threat that it faces are not hampered by in-year financial rules?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for raising this important issue, which I know is of real concern to him.
I reassure him that I am in regular contact with Chief Constable Jon Boutcher and the PSNI on it, as he would expect.