Then, the Prime Minister replied with just one word—yes—and then he sat down with a smug grin on his face.
What has changed in the past four months?
As the Leader of the Opposition well knows, no Prime Minister or Chancellor will ever set out their plans in advance.
But I can say this: the figures from the productivity review that is being undertaken—which is a judgment on the Tories’ record in office—are now coming through, and they confirm that the Tories did even more damage to the economy than we had previously thought.
We will turn that around.
We have already delivered the fastest growth in the G7 in the first half of this year, five interest rate cuts in a row, and trade deals with the US, EU and India.
The Tories broke the economy; we are fixing it.
The right and learned hon.
Gentleman says that no Prime Minister or Chancellor will say these things before the Budget.
Has he told his Chancellor?
She has been out there flying kites, causing constant speculation around the Budget that is damaging the economy.
All week, the Government have been briefing about tax rises.
What we have heard is that he does not have a plan, so we have some ideas for him. [
Interruption.]
It is quite clear that they need some ideas.
On the Conservative Benches, we believe in scrapping taxes on family homes.
Yesterday, we voted to abolish stamp duty; Labour voted against it.
Even the former Deputy Prime Minister, who resigned in disgrace for not paying stamp duty, voted to keep it.
I remind them that on this side of the House we know that abolishing stamp duty is how we get young people on the housing ladder and get the economy growing.
So why will he not scrap this terrible tax?
Why did the Tories not do it, then, in their 14 years in office?
As I said, the productivity review figures are now coming in, and those show the true extent of the damage that they did.
The Leader of the Opposition asks us to take advice from them.
These figures are coming out, and we all know that austerity damaged the economy on their watch.
The botched Brexit deal damaged the economy on their watch.
Liz Truss’s mini-Budget damaged the economy on their watch.
So we will take no lectures or advice from them on the economy.
They will not be trusted on the economy for generations to come.
That is why I can be clear that,  at our Budget, there will be no return to austerity—that is what broke the country—and no return to the instability of their mad borrowing spree, and we will end the unfairness and low growth that squeezed living standards for working people.
That is the path to national renewal.
The Conservatives reduced the deficit every year until the pandemic.
We more than doubled the personal allowance.
We left 4 million more jobs than we found from Labour.
We brought inflation down to 2%; it has nearly doubled—[Interruption.]
Order.
Mr Tufnell, you are in my sights.
The pantomime season has not arrived—do not start it too early.
On our record, we brought inflation down to 2%; it has doubled under the Prime Minister.
We left him the fastest growing economy in the G7; it is no longer.
The truth is, the Government have no ideas; we are giving them some.
There is another way to get growth: cutting welfare spending and getting people into work.
Last month, I offered to work cross-party with him to bring down welfare spending, because he knows and we know that he would rather dip into people’s pockets than upset the people behind him.
Instead of tax rises, will he work with us to find a way to cut welfare spending and get Britain working again?
The right hon.
Lady talks about the Conservatives’ record, so let us go through it.