Friend refers to the ICJ advisory opinion in relation to the Occupied Palestinian Territories.
As the House will be aware, there has been another advisory opinion from the ICJ more recently in relation to aid accessing Gaza.
Assuming that she is asking about the former, we have made significant decisions since that advisory opinion—not least on the recognition of the Palestinian state.
I clarify once again for the House that no British weaponry is used either in Gaza or in the west bank, other than subject to the messages relating to F-35s that we have discussed previously.
The Minister quite rightly said that Hamas must disarm and that there can be no place for Hamas in the future of Gaza, yet the White House appears to be licensing Hamas to conduct internal security operations.
What conversations is he having with his US counterparts to reconcile the UK position, which he clearly outlined, and that of the US?
As the right hon.
Member knows, disarmament is usually a process.
It takes time and requires serious and greatly complex technical work.
We want to ensure that Gaza is free of Hamas and that Hamas are disarmed.
That will take time, and it is the work that we and the Americans are engaged in.
Both in Gaza, where grassroots peacebuilders will face the immense task of reconciliation, and here at home, where debate has become dangerously polarised, the peace plan and the two-state solution remain the only credible path forward, and we must all be absolutely clear in condemning Hamas, who have no place in the future governance of a free Palestine, and the atrocities that Prime Minister Netanyahu’s far-right Government continue to commit.
Put simply, two wrongs do not make a right.
I urge the Minister to make a statement calling for unity at this fractious time.
There have obviously been innumerable wrongs in the region in recent months.
It is important that we now continue the work, move forward with the ceasefire into phase 2, and see the wider peace plan fully implemented.
Throughout these horrific two years, I have kept trying to make the case for the innocents—for the people who did not choose any of this and who are not responsible.
It is completely unacceptable that Hamas have not released all the bodies, and it is equally unacceptable that the Israeli authorities released 100 Palestinian bodies with just numbers.
What are the Government doing to help the Palestinian authorities to identify all the bodies that have been returned, in both Israel and Palestine, so that families can grieve and the dead can have the dignity that they deserve?
The hon.
Member speaks with personal experience, real force and a long track record on these issues.
My heart goes out to families on both sides.
Mortuary processes are difficult at the best of times; one can only imagine the agonies that they are facing.
We are not aware of specific requests for support in mortuary services, but if they are any, I am very happy to consider them.
Let us be clear: peace cannot exist under impunity.
Weeks into the ceasefire, Israel has once again bombed Gaza, killing over 100 Palestinians, including 35 children, as it continues its genocide.
Our Government have shamefully yet to reply more than a year and a half after the substantial ruling by the International Court of Justice, which made it absolutely clear that any Government who allow trade with Israel’s settlement economy are complicit in sustaining the illegal occupation of the Palestinian territories.
British companies continue to trade in goods and financial services with the settlements, undermining our obligations under international law.
When will the Government suspend the UK-Israel trade deal and end all trade linked to the settlements, or will the Minister continue to sit back and allow this complicity?
The hon.
Member refers to the ICJ advisory opinion.