I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for raising this important issue, which I know is of real concern to him.
I reassure him that I am in regular contact with Chief Constable Jon Boutcher and the PSNI on it, as he would expect.
As he is aware, we provided a record settlement of £19.3 billion a year on average for the Executive, and we invested £113 million in additional security funding for the PSNI to help to address specific security challenges.
While it is for the Executive to set the PSNI budget, I reassure him that our commitment is to keeping people safe in Northern Ireland.
I am speaking on behalf of my constituents Shannon and Tyler, who lost their two-year-old son Hudson earlier this year.
Worried about their son, they called 111 and were told that he had gastroenteritis.
In fact, Hudson had a twisted bowel and, after being rushed to hospital a few days later, he tragically died.
Shannon and Tyler are full of praise for the NHS medical staff who worked so hard to save their son’s life, but they just wish they had been offered an in-person   appointment sooner, which might have given a more accurate diagnosis.
They want Hudson’s legacy to be better access to face-to-face NHS appointments for children under five, so that other families do not face this tragic situation.
Their online petition on the matter has gained over 80,000 signatures.
Will the Prime Minister join me in sending the best wishes of the House to Hudson’s family, and will he ensure that they meet a Health Minister to discuss their courageous campaign?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that tragic case.
I am sure that I speak for the whole House in saying that we send our sympathies and thoughts to Hudson’s parents, Shannon and Tyler.
I will make sure that they get the meeting that he has asked for.
This is exactly why we are working to improve access to face-to-face appointments for those who want one.
To enable that, we have delivered the largest cash uplift for GPs in a decade, have put over 2,500 GPs into general practice, and are upgrading 1,000 surgeries to deliver 8 million more appointments.
Earlier this week, I got to see the very best and some of the worst of our national health service.
When my own daughter needed it, it was there, but when an 89-year-old gentleman in the restaurant I was eating at collapsed, it took over an hour and 15 minutes from my first call to the arrival of two exhausted paramedics.
Basildon hospital has just been downgraded to inadequate in the latest Care Quality Commission report.
I invite the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care—or the Prime Minister, if he has time in his schedule—to visit Basildon with me so that he can thank the staff for their exceptional work and get to grips with the problems they are facing.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for raising this issue and for the two examples that he has given.
The downgrading of Basildon hospital is deeply disappointing.
The Care Quality Commission has set out immediate actions for the trust leaders to deliver improvements.
Our decisions in government have seen a £26 billion boost for our NHS, helping to deliver over 5 million extra appointments.
I gently point out that he was elected to represent a Reform party that would dismantle our NHS and charge people to see their doctor.
Reform says that it stands up for the working class, but the truth is that it never has—its Members voted to block the Employment Rights Bill again and again.
Does the Prime Minister agree that only this Government are on the side of working people?