Member says.
He raises important points about the recovery of bodies.
I can confirm that I have been in talks with many of my opposite numbers across the region—most recently my Qatari opposites yesterday—as has the Foreign Secretary, and we continue to make these points with force.
I thank the Minister for his answer to the urgent question.
He has done a great job over time updating this Chamber—he has been terrific through this difficult period.
Will he say more about the type of aid that he thinks our country needs to send into Gaza to support the people there?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his kind words.
There are two areas in which aid will be particularly vital.
Of course, there are the immediate needs of the Gazan people.
Most recently at Sharm el-Sheikh, the Prime Minister announced a £20 million contribution to the humanitarian programme to meet those needs, which will be focused on water, sanitation and health.
There is also a need for the sustainable reconstruction of Gaza.
The message that we hear so often from Palestinians is that they wish for their own companies and private sector to be engaged in that endeavour, and do not simply wish to see the World Bank or the United Nations leading the charge.
They, too, want to take agency in those questions.
That was one reason we involved them so closely in the conference that I held in October.
Once again, it is the children of Gaza who seem to bear the brunt of the violence, with reports that 35 of them were liquidated overnight in the casual dropping of bombs in retaliation.
Equally as shocking is the realisation that there will be absolutely no accountability whatsoever for those deaths, likely no investigation into the targeting or intelligence used, and no sense of any punishment for what is very obviously a significant crime.
Allied to that is the fact that it has proven quite a handy distraction from the significant violence and brutality taking place daily in the west bank.
Given that we have now recognised Palestine as a sovereign nation, will there be any further measures to deter Israeli aggression on Palestinian soil?
We have spoken in this House on a number of occasions about events in the west bank, and we have announced three waves of sanctions—including at the most senior levels—against the Israeli Government.
I reassure the House that we remain very focused on settler violence.
We are moving into the olive harvesting period, which, as the right hon.
Member will know, is a period in which violence is often particularly high.
Regrettably, we are seeing similar trends this year.
I will have more to say about that later in the day.
In relation to the right hon.
Member’s first point on individual incidents, I refer him to my previous comments.
It is important, at such a delicate moment for the ceasefire, that we are as precise as possible.
That is why the CMCC is engaged in the way that it is.
The International Court of Justice has called on Israel to allow aid into Gaza, denounced its occupation of Palestinian territories as unlawful, and demanded the removal of troops.
Does the Minister understand that as long as there are boots on the ground and UK arms are still sold to Israel, and unless Palestinians are allowed to determine their fate and be free of the violence that they continue to face, they will not have the peace  that they need?
I think my hon.
Friend refers to the ICJ advisory opinion in relation to the Occupied Palestinian Territories.
As the House will be aware, there has been another advisory opinion from the ICJ more recently in relation to aid accessing Gaza.
Assuming that she is asking about the former, we have made significant decisions since that advisory opinion—not least on the recognition of the Palestinian state.