Secondly, one of the stations named—Sundridge Park—does not have step-free access to both platforms.
It is staff currently in the ticket office who help people get on the trains: they put up the ramps and help passengers to negotiate the steps.
Will he give an undertaking that no staff will be removed until cast iron arrangements are in place for somebody to be in attendance on those stations to assist people throughout all the hours that a station is operating?
The changes mean that some staff may be best deployed on the platforms, because that is where they are seeing most of the passengers and some of them need their help.
There may be other situations where it makes more sense for that member of staff to be near where they are currently positioned because of the design of the station.
The idea is that each station is looked at, so that when a member of the public decides to fill in the consultation, they will get a dropdown, which will locate the station in which they are interested and then they can provide their comments.
The passenger groups will then look to see whether what is proposed will work.
If it does not, that is a different matter.
I can give my hon.
Friend the assurance that the train operators and the passenger groups will make their determinations on a case-by-case basis.
Where things do not make sense, those changes will not just be put through to make for a worse experience.
The announced closure of 45 railway ticket offices across Greater Manchester, including at Levenshulme and Gorton stations, will be to the detriment of my constituents who depend on them.
Just when we should be encouraging travel by rail to reduce our carbon footprint, this measure will push people away from our great British railways.
We should be trying to make train travel easier, cheaper and more accessible, so why are the Government acting against the interests of the public?
I re-emphasise that the aim of these measures is to redeploy staff who are currently underutilised and who are not seeing the passengers that they used to  because passenger habits have changed.
Those staff will be freed up to work in other areas where they can not only sell the ticket to the passenger, but also help them with information and cater for any particular accessibility needs on the platform.
This is all about making for a better passenger experience.
All I can say to the hon.
Member is that he has the consultation and he should complete it.
He will find that things such as this happen in all walks of life and in train stations as well.
Manchester has looked at using ticketless travel.
Tyne & Wear Metro has just done this and London Underground has done it for years.
It actually works and it gives a better passenger experience and that is what I am determined to see the train operators deliver through this change.
I have huge concerns about these plans.
As the Minister knows, my hard-pressed constituents trying to get to work, college or university from Marsden or Slaithwaite stations and transiting through Huddersfield still face huge disruption on the TransPennine route.
When the computer says no, does he not agree that the best way for them to get advice on ticketing, refunds, alternative routes and when the next train is coming is by speaking to fully trained staff in ticket offices?
If I give my station as an example, we have one member of staff, who is in a ticket office.
Most people already have their tickets, for the reasons I have given; only one in 10 buy them from the ticket office.
They access the platform through a gate and do not see any members of staff.