I have a funny feeling that these proposals will go down not like a yellow submarine but like a lead balloon.
I have stated the position with regard to redundancies.
A deal is on the table but the RMT will not give it to its members to make a determination.
It included a commitment to no compulsory redundancies until December 2024.
It is for the RMT to decide whether it wishes to get that protection in place.
I will say the same thing to the hon.
Member that I have said previously: I have worked with those groups; they were the first I met and are at the forefront of my mind in ensuring that this works.
From a passenger perspective, if they want to reach out to a member of staff for any reason, they will do so, and members of staff will—because they are great members of staff—signpost them to somebody else.
All members of staff must have the requisite training, and they do.
I have great faith in our railway workforce to continue looking after passengers.
I believe that these changes will bring more benefits in that regard.
I thank the Minister for meeting me yesterday to discuss the proposed closure of Darlington’s booking office.
I also met David Horne yesterday afternoon to discuss that issue.
I remain deeply concerned that our mainline station, which is currently receiving £139 million of expansion investment, will be left without a booking office.
The elderly, disabled and vulnerable rely on help from our ticket offices, and if a station has barriers, that help needs to be in front of those barriers, not behind them.
Ticket machines and apps have cut-off times, making purchases impossible in the minutes running up to a train leaving.
Will my hon.
Friend look into that problem?
Will he assure the House that there is proper consultation, and that some ticket offices can be saved?
Will he make it clear that representations can be made by letter and not just by email?
Yes; the way in which the ticketing and settlement agreement process works means that anyone can access it online, but they can also write.
Details will be available at stations, and indeed online, explaining how people can write through to make their points about their stations.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for meeting me and for doing so in a constructive manner whereby he was able to give me examples of his concerns, including tickets not being available within 15 minutes of travel.
I have taken that point away because it forms part of the catalogue of changes that I want to see—the remaining 1% of tickets that cannot be purchased for that reason should be reduced towards 0%.
I invite all right hon.
and hon.
Members who can give other examples to get in contact with me as well, because I will take those problems away and look at getting them fixed.
The hon.
Member for East Worthing and Shoreham (Tim Loughton)  was right: sometimes it is just too complicated to purchase a ticket without using a ticket office.
I recently had that experience, and buying my ticket from the ticket office was £50 cheaper than if I had purchased it from the machine.
I am afraid that the Beatles analogy he started is right: he’s got a ticket to ride, and he don’t care.
I was not even aware that I had started a Beatles analogy.
Actually, this is more important than joking about music; this is about reassuring passengers that we can deliver a better experience but also an experience that they are very familiar with, in terms of the other transactions they make across the retail space.
More and more people are doing that online, and they start doing it online by being taught how to do it.