None of that changes through this mechanism.
Ten per cent of ticket sales is still an awful lot of ticket sales.
In this process, I hope that people who choose or need to buy their tickets from a ticket office will not suffer from the tyranny of the majority who choose not to, and that their interests will be properly protected throughout.
Will the Minister assure me that those people who want to pay for their tickets using cash will still be able to do so?
To me, banning people from using cash to buy tickets would be completely unacceptable.
I think I see the Beatles analogy, because there is a ticket to ride process—[Interruption.]
Okay, that was it.
That process is available to anybody who wishes to pay cash.
For example, if my hon.
Friend looks at the Northern Trains website, he will see that there is a whole feature explaining how cash can still be used.
The machines should take cash.
In the event that they do not, there is a process for passengers to purchase a ticket on the train without fear of a penalty.
So yes, cash can still be used in the machines.
The Minister is clearly on Southeastern time.
That is why he was late getting the analogy.
He said that just 10% of tickets are sold over the counter, but that does not explain who are using the ticket offices and what alternative arrangements he is going to make for them.
Southeastern has announced 40 ticket office closures, 35 of which are in south-east London—that is 35 in south-east London.
That is an outrage.
One in my constituency has closed, but all the ones around my constituency are closing as well.
What will he do to ensure that these people not only keep their jobs once they are moved out from behind the glass, but are not moved from being redeployed to redundancy?
And what will he do about the 10% who rely on ticket offices?
I say respectfully to the hon.
Member that Southeastern has had its best performance in six years.
He stood in this place in January rightly saying that changes in the December timetable had led to higher cancellation rates.
Those rates have gone down from 13% to 1.6%.
Southeastern was one of the best operators in terms of performance.
That was all down to the staff, but never has he stood up to thank the staff for turning things around and working so hard.
He should not think they are his friends when they have to listen to him going on and giving misinformation about the situation.
He has also got Southeastern’s consultation wrong.
Southeastern is doing its part in stages.
The first part is on the Metro, so it is London TravelWatch that will deal with the responses.
It will then roll out the changes to the rest of the network.
He knows that, because it was on an email sent to him.
I pay tribute to and thank people such as Vinnie at Chislehurst station who was actually very busy when I came through this morning to get my rather late running Southeastern train—but we will leave that on one side.
Does the Minister accept that 21 days is a very short period for such an important consultation?
Secondly, one of the stations named—Sundridge Park—does not have step-free access to both platforms.
It is staff currently in the ticket office who help people get on the trains: they put up the ramps and help passengers to negotiate the steps.
Will he give an undertaking that no staff will be removed until cast iron arrangements are in place for somebody to be in attendance on those stations to assist people throughout all the hours that a station is operating?