Gentleman will be aware of the huge package of support the Chancellor of the Exchequer has introduced to help families with the cost of living challenges they face.
On average, every household receives over £3,000 of support with their energy and food bills, but I am sure we can do more to help and support primary food producers, processers and retailers to make sure that we drive as much efficiency as possible into the system, in order to maintain lower food prices and help families up and down the country.
I call the shadow Minister.
Last week, past failures caught up with the DEFRA ministerial team.
First, the Climate Change Committee castigated them for lack of progress on agriculture and land use, and then the report they had commissioned from John Shropshire and his team detailed the crop losses and lost productivity and production caused by their failure to address labour supply issues.
This week, could the Minister tell the House if he knows whether the UK is more or less food-secure than this time last year, and will he explain how he has reached that conclusion?
We have extensive conversations with the food supply market.
We are blessed in the UK with very robust food supply chains, which are some of the most secure anywhere in the world.
Of course, I acknowledge that the Shropshire review has indicated some areas in which we can improve and assist, but we have delivered the 45,000 visas that are available through the seasonal agricultural workers scheme.
Not all of those visas have been taken up, and an extra 10,000 are available if required, but nobody has asked for that to be triggered.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
It has been a particularly busy week for DEFRA in a number of different ways, with not only the launch of the designated highly protected marine areas, but the House of Commons voting to support the legislation to introduce the ban on plastics, which is another way to improve the environment.
Of course, there has also been significant speculation about the water industry.
I think it is important to put it on record that the Government have confidence in the financial resilience of the water sector industry.
We will continue to have discussions, which are important, and I think it is critical to be aware that people who do not know a lot about the water industry, frankly, are out of  their depth in making some comments and speculation.
We need to make sure that we treat this situation very carefully, because it is critical to make sure that we have ongoing investment in the water industry, which everybody here relies on.
Thankfully, my dog Sidney Pickles came from a great home, although one could complain to trading standards that his former home failed to describe him as a naughty cocker spaniel or a fox poo-rolling little tinker.
Seriously, however, there has been much misinformation about the Government’s action on puppy farming from the Opposition.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that this Government have, in fact, been taking firm action to stop the unscrupulous selling of puppies by deceitful sellers?
Indeed, and I want to thank my hon.
Friend.
I have met her dog Sidney Pickles, who is delightful.
As she says, it was purchased from a great breeder.
One thing we need to continue to focus on is improving the laws on dog breeding to crack down on unscrupulous breeders.
Regulations do require commercial dog breeders to hold a valid licence from their local authority, and it is important that people check for that licence.
The regulations also prohibit the third-party sale of puppies and kittens.
Order.
We are on topicals, folks.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
The Tories are sinking the water industry.
Since Tory privatisation, water companies have racked up debts of over £60 billion.