I call the shadow Secretary of State.
The Tories are sinking the water industry.
Since Tory privatisation, water companies have racked up debts of over £60 billion.
Every day, we see 800 sewage dumps and lose over 3 billion litres of water in leaks, and what is the biggest leak of all?
The £72 billion paid out to shareholders.
Now Thames Water is on the edge as the money dries up.
Can the Secretary of State tell the House if she believes that this is an isolated case—yes or no?
I have already said to the House that the Government have full confidence in the financial resilience of the water sector.
I will point out that, of course, the gearing for Thames Water shot up in 2007, when Labour was in government.
It is fair to say that, when a previous Secretary of State issued a strategic policy statement to Ofwat, one of the key focuses was about reducing the gearing, and that has not happened with Thames Water.
Ofwat is still responsible, and I am still holding it to account on how that goes forward.
However, it is very important that we do not have speculation and misinformed comments.
It is critical that we get water companies through certain stages, and I am confident the Government will do that.
Like the industry itself, that response does not hold water.
People know that Thames Water is not an isolated case: five companies are rated as being of concern by the Government’s own financial regulator.
Last weekend, I wrote to the Environment Secretary setting out six key tests to safeguard bill payers, workers and taxpayers from paying the price of a failing water industry.
Will she finally act to protect the national interest and commit to those six tests, and will she rule out customers having to pay twice for boardroom failures—yes or no?
I have not yet seen the hon.
Gentleman’s letter, but I will of course respond to it before the recess.
Over £190 billion has been invested into our water industry since privatisation, through a long-standing combination of equity and debt investment by water companies.
Speculation around such an important utility does not help the situation, and a measured approach is critical to getting through this difficulty.
He mentions other water companies, and that is why Ofwat has acted and why new equity has come into many water companies.
It is critical that we continue to have that confidence.
Hundreds of animal lovers across the west midlands have suffered the dreadful crime of pet theft in recent years.
What are Ministers doing to prevent such crimes?
Stealing a pet is already a criminal offence, and we know the devastating impact that pet theft can have.
We legislated to require the microchipping of cats, in addition to dogs, because that can act as an effective deterrent.
The pet theft taskforce reports that dogs are mostly stolen from gardens and outbuildings, and highlights the need for owners to ensure security at home for their treasured pets.
Bearing in mind the escalating number of dangerous dog attacks, including the death of a dog, Sula, in Milngavie in East Dunbartonshire, whose owner felt that their life would have been at risk had they intervened, will the Secretary of State review the Government’s decision to drop the Animal Welfare (Kept Animals) Bill?
If not, will she explain to the House how she plans to deliver its measures by different means?
My right hon.
Friend the Minister for Food, Farming and Fisheries set out on  25 May  how we intend to take through our manifesto commitments.
We also have a taskforce working on this situation, and I expect a report with some recommendations later this year.
A couple of weeks ago, I visited Yorkshire Water’s sewer improvement project.