My hon.
Friend makes an excellent point.
The very first discussions I had with any groups about these changes were with those groups that represent passengers with accessibility and mobility issues on the railway.
I told them that I am keen to work with them to help to ensure that these proposals are designed such that they work for each group with different characteristics.
I will be looking to meet them again to ensure that that occurs.
At 9.30 am, the Office of Rail and Road issued its rail passenger assistance bookings update for the latest year, which shows that passenger assists increased by 68% compared with the previous year.
That demonstrates that more help is needed at stations for people with accessibility needs.
Again, by freeing people who are currently under-utilised in the ticket office and putting them on to the platforms to give help and guidance, we will help those who need it the most.
That is at the forefront of everything that the train operators are looking to do with these proposals.
In May 2021, there was a partial collapse at Northwich station—it was the ticket office.
It is being rebuilt as we speak and there is an investigation into the collapse.
I am now told by the Minister and the Secretary of State that it is incredibly likely—it seems a foregone conclusion—that the ticket office will never reopen.
Disabled and elderly people already struggle accessing the station, but they will struggle even more without staff.
This is a folly.
The Minister needs to think again.
It is not the ticket office but the expert people in it who assist passengers.
With these proposals, the train operators are looking to free up people from behind the glass, often in parts of the station that passengers do not access, to help them to use their skills to get tickets sold at ticket machines and to advise people on how to purchase online, so they can do that in future, and thereafter to help them with the entire passenger journey experience, giving them information and making them feel more reassured.
These roll-outs have occurred across other parts of the network.
London Underground did this some years ago, and I do not believe the current Labour Mayor of London has any plans to turn it round because it actually works.
It gives a better passenger experience.
People can either live in the past or look towards the future.
The way in which passengers transact across a whole range of services is exactly the same, and we are keen to see the railways modernise and thrive.
Many of my constituents write to me about overcrowding, on an almost daily basis, particularly on Chiltern Railways.
No one has  ever written to me about ticket office provision.
Sympathetic as I am to the argument for ensuring staff come out from behind the counter to assist people directly on platforms and around the station, how will this solve the demands of passengers, which we are probably all seeing in our inboxes on a day-to-day basis, in relation to rush-hour capacity and weekend capacity?
Chiltern Railways, for example, is looking to expand coverage at High Wycombe.
By redeploying staff, it can get more staff on to the platforms.
This is an example of where my hon.
Friend’s passengers will benefit because train operators can flex staff to provide more coverage, which makes people feel more reassured.
Again, as hon.
and right hon.
Members look at the details and engage with the consultation, they may find their constituents are getting a wider range of services over a wider range of hours than they currently receive.
As a booking and ticket clerk on the underground back in the 1970s, trust me: I know ticketing is now easier.
I still use the buses and the underground every day, so I am familiar with the scenes at stations in the mornings and evenings.