Will she also accept that more investment must continue to go in so that the Crown Prosecution Service, as the Director of Public Prosecutions pointed out to our Committee on Tuesday, can continue to recruit sufficient experienced rape prosecutors and have the digital technology to deal with things such as mobile phone evidence in these cases?
My hon.
Friend knows well that I do not hold the budget that he is seeking to influence, but he is one of the best campaigners in the House and, as ever, he made his point extremely clearly.
I watched with interest his Committee’s proceedings earlier this week and noted what was said.
I call the shadow Attorney General.
Almost 500 days ago, in the joint inspectorate’s report on the post-charge handling of rape cases, it recommended that “Immediately”—I stress that word—
“the police and the CPS should work…to ensure that bad character is considered in all rape cases, and progressed wherever it is applicable.”
That means applying to enter into evidence relevant elements of a suspect’s history, including past convictions and a record of violence.
But when I recently asked the  Ministry of Justice about the issue, it could not even tell me how many bad character applications had been made or allowed in the last year, let alone what progress had been made in meeting the immediate recommendations from last year’s report.
Does the Attorney General know what progress has been made?
If not, will she make immediate inquiries?
I am always interested in the right hon.
Lady’s inquiries into the way that data is produced.
She has made some valid points in the past, and I am always keen to engage with her on how best we can provide transparency.
I am happy to take her point forward with Ministry of Justice colleagues.
I have seen much closer working between the CPS and the police.
That is working particularly well in the area of rape and serious sexual offences, which is why we have prioritised that work.
I would be happy to look into her question.
What recent discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on the potential establishment of a special tribunal on crimes of aggression against Ukraine.
I am confident that Russia will be held accountable for its appalling actions in Ukraine.
We have been at the forefront of international efforts.
We have referred Russia to the International Criminal Court, we will intervene on behalf of Ukraine before the International Court of Justice later this year, and we are part of the core group of states working to establish a special tribunal for the crime of aggression.
The Attorney General will appreciate that the International Criminal Court does not have jurisdiction over crimes of aggression—in effect, the deliberate, violent and unprovoked military incursion into the sovereign territory of another recognised state.
Karim Khan, a prosecutor at the ICC, has pointed out that none of the other 93,000 war crimes committed by Russia in Ukraine could have happened had it not been for that initial crime of aggression.
Will the Attorney General assure us that steps are being taken to set up a special tribunal as quickly as possible, so that Putin and his fellow criminals can be brought to justice before they get the chance to destroy the evidence?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his interest in this matter.
There are three broad strands to our work on accountability.
First, we have provided expert assistance to Ukrainian investigators.
Secondly, alongside the international community we will continue to provide the ICC with funding, people and expertise, though I accept that the crime of aggression cannot be prosecuted there.
Thirdly, we are exploring other options to hold Russia accountable for the crime of aggression.
What steps the Crown Prosecution Service is taking to increase support for victims of rape and serious sexual offences.