I was not even aware that I had started a Beatles analogy.
Actually, this is more important than joking about music; this is about reassuring passengers that we can deliver a better experience but also an experience that they are very familiar with, in terms of the other transactions they make across the retail space.
More and more people are doing that online, and they start doing it online by being taught how to do it.
The idea is that ticketing staff who are currently behind glass, not seeing those passengers, will help to deliver that and ensure that those passengers have a better experience and do not need to queue up next time, because they can do it in a seamless manner.
Where that operation does not exist because of the machine, we are looking to upgrade.
I will take any examples he has, to ensure that passengers get the best price but can do it online or via a machine.
Staff at Kettering railway station are superb; they are friendly, polite, efficient and dedicated to simply outstanding customer service.
Given that Kettering is one of the stations potentially affected, will the Rail Minister encourage rail passengers in Kettering to take part in the public consultation promoted by East Midlands Railway?
Can he confirm that if the changes go through, a passenger who turns up at Kettering railway station with cash to buy a ticket will be able to do so?
Yes, I can give my hon.
Friend the assurance that cash purchases would remain across the network.
If there is a machine that is not working for cash, passengers can enter the train, safe in the knowledge that they can then purchase their ticket on the train or at the end of their journey.
There are a number of stations that are not part of the current consultation, and they will tend to be the end point where passengers will find a busier station.
I can absolutely give him that assurance.
My hon.
Friend mentioned the staff.
We are looking at the ticket office as a place that people are not accessing any more, but the ticketing staff are brilliant.
All we want to do is utilise them more, so that they can see more people and use their expertise.
Passengers want their ticket office staff to be more accessible, so that they can gain that expertise, and that is exactly why we want to put them in the places where the passengers are.
I am a bit worried.
The Minister keeps saying that staff are not utilised and that people are not accessing ticket offices.
I can tell him that in Hull last year, nearly 180,000 tickets were sold from the ticket office—that is one ticket every 1.6 minutes.
We have gone through years of bad management with TransPennine at Hull Paragon station.
This looks like another downgrading of facilities for passengers.
We have heard about the effect it will have on the elderly, the disabled and the vulnerable.
Can the Minister just for once put the travelling public first?
I am putting the travelling public first when I make these points.
What the right hon.
Lady and others cannot deny, despite saying it cannot be believed, is that 10 years ago one in three tickets was sold across the ticket office counter, because people were not purchasing as much online or through machines.
Now it is 10%.
That demonstrates that ticket office staff are not being utilised fully.
We want to utilise them in a better manner.
Redeploying staff where they are not as busy as they were and could be better utilised and have a more rewarding job is what happens across the retail sector.
The railways should be no different.