The price of wheat peaked at £350 a tonne.
It has subsequently fallen to below £200 a tonne—not much more than it was before the invasion of Ukraine.
Why has the price of bread in our supermarkets not fallen, too?
I declare my interest in these matters.
I recognise the fact that global wheat prices have now come back down.
We work closely with retailers, processers and the hospitality sector to make sure that there is not extra profiteering in the marketplace.
We will continue to have discussions with those representatives and will work with the sector to make sure that food is reasonably priced for our constituents.
The farming Minister will know that in north Northamptonshire we have some of the best farmers in the country who are  facing these challenges, like every other farm up and down the land.
Would he be kind enough to visit Kettering to meet a large group of local farmers—perhaps in early September in between harvesting and drilling?
That is a very kind invitation.
It is always a pleasure to visit Northamptonshire, and, if my diary allows, I will of course meet my hon.
Friend and his farmers.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
The Minister has talked a lot about support for farmers, but in reality there is a severe lack of profitability for those producing chicken.
That is causing a sharp reduction in the number of birds reared in England, while in Scotland production has changed significantly, as retailers resist demands to pay a fair price for chicken.
Will the Minister commit to extending the examination of food supply chains to poultry meat, as requested by the National Farmers Union Scotland, as the threat of empty shelves looms?
Will he also engage with retailers to ensure that poultry farmers are fairly compensated?
I was on a poultry farm yesterday talking to poultry producers.
The SNP cannot have it both ways; it cannot ask one question about suppressing prices for consumers and another about increasing the prices for farmers—those things are diametrically opposed.
What we are doing as a Department is supporting those farmers through the £2.4 billion-worth of subsidy, helping them to invest in new technology and talking to retailers and producers to make sure we get fairness in the supply chain, so everybody gets a fair return for their hard work.
What steps she is taking to bring forward legislative proposals to improve animal welfare.
The Government are committed to continuing to deliver on our manifesto commitments and the work we have undertaken through the action plan for animal welfare from 2021.
So far we have delivered six measures through primary legislation and four through secondary legislation.
We have also supported three private Members’ Bills, one of which, the Shark Fins Act 2023, banning the import of detached shark fins, received Royal Assent last week.
As the Minister updated the House on  25 May , we will be supporting the delivery of the measures from our manifesto during the remainder of the Parliament and we have already started with a consultation on banning primates as pets through secondary legislation.
We have had three Secretaries of State and 760 days have passed since the Animal Welfare (Kept Animals) Bill was first introduced in this House, and we are no further forward today on banning animal fur imports, or on tackling illegal puppy and kitten smuggling, or on banning foie gras.
The former DEFRA Secretary,  the right hon.
Member for Camborne and Redruth (George Eustice) , said the Bill did not go ahead due to
“a lack of resolve to take it through.”
How long must animals suffer the consequences of this Tory psychodrama, and when will animal welfare finally be prioritised in this place?
The hon.
Gentleman must be living in a parallel universe.
There is no doubt that many measures have been undertaken to improve animal welfare.