Friend the Minister for Food, Farming and Fisheries set out on  25 May  how we intend to take through our manifesto commitments.
We also have a taskforce working on this situation, and I expect a report with some recommendations later this year.
A couple of weeks ago, I visited Yorkshire Water’s sewer improvement project.
This £15 million scheme under the A65 in Ilkley is only happening as a result of a huge campaign by the Ilkley Clean River Group and our passing the Environment Act 2021, which the Opposition voted against at every stage.
Does the Minister therefore agree that the Government are purely focused on cleaning up the water quality of our rivers?
I could just say yes, but I will add a bit more.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that it is this Government who have got water quality on the radar.
We are cleaning up our rivers and our bathing waters, 93% of which are classed as good or excellent.
Our plan for water will ensure that we provide the clean and plentiful water we need for generations.
Gateshead food bank and Feeding Families, both of which operate in my constituency, have seen huge increases in the demand for food parcels over recent years.
With food inflation running at 18.3%,  the situation will only get worse.
What will the Minister do to tackle food inflation, so that people do not have to rely on those organisations?
That is why we are investing in our farmers to help them produce food more efficiently and increase productivity.
It is also why the Government have put forward a huge £94 billion support package—over £3,300 per household—and provided £100 million of support to charities working in the sector.
The use of storm overflows is of huge concern to my residents in Southend-on-Sea.
Due to this Government’s actions, Anglian Water was supposed to have its plan for mitigating the use of overflows on the Secretary of State’s desk last Friday.
Was it there, and when will my residents be able to see it?
Every water company was asked to put a plan for every storm overflow on the Secretary of State’s desk.
I can tell my hon.
Friend that all the plans have arrived and are being analysed.
What should I say to my twin grandsons, who are here today, about their future given that they live in Cambridge, where air quality is poisoning young people, pregnant women and many others?
What will the Secretary of State really do about cleaning up the environment for that generation?
I recommend that they vote for a Conservative MP.
What assurance can the Farming Minister give my Ynys Môn farmers that this Government are doing all they can to ensure that food labelling is accurate?
Will the Minister accept my invitation to the Anglesey show on 15 and  16 August  to discuss the matter with my farmers in person?
It is always a pleasure to visit Wales and Welsh farmers.
I say to constituents of my hon.
Friend that making sure there is a red tractor on their food is a very good step to make sure that their food is procured in the right way and that they are supporting UK farmers.
I will look at my diary and see whether I can attend her show.
I am sure it will be an excellent example of the top-quality food and farming in Wales.
The Attorney General was asked—
What recent assessment she has made of the effectiveness of the Crown Prosecution Service in ensuring access to justice for victims of crime.
What recent assessment she has made of the effectiveness of the Crown Prosecution Service in ensuring access to justice for victims of crime.
The CPS is improving access to justice for victims through its victim transformation programme.
Together with measures in the Victims and Prisoners Bill, this will help to ensure access to justice for all victims of crime.