Rather than gutting the railways, this Government, and indeed the taxpayer, have provided £41 billion of support since the pandemic.
That does not sound like gutting the railways to me.
I truly believe that we will end up with a better station experience, one that better reflects modern usage, which is why we are happy to support the train operators with these proposals.
As I say, 10% of transactions are purchased across the ticket office counter—10 years ago, it was one in three.
The railway is adapting to the manner in which consumers have changed their habits.
Disabled, elderly and other vulnerable passengers have been troubled by today’s announcements, but does the Minister share my weary exasperation at the fact that people do not understand that the best way to help disabled and elderly passengers is for staff to come out from behind their screens to assist them in using a ticket machine, to help them on and off trains, and to help them to move around the station?
Does he agree that for more than a decade Ministers have sought to improve services for passengers on the stations but have been blocked at every turn?
Does he not see an opportunity to improve accessibility on our rail network here?
It should be welcomed, not rejected.
My hon.
Friend speaks with experience, having done this role himself, and he is absolutely right in what he says.
I find it patronising to be told constantly that those who have disabilities or those who are elderly cannot access things online and cannot do this.
That  is not the case at all.
At the moment, we do not have enough products online, and, as part of this process, I have been pushing to ensure that we have more online.
It will mean that people do not have to go to the station beforehand to pick up a travelcard because they need a photo that they have to take.
The idea is that this move should make things better for those who have accessibility and mobility challenges, not just in putting more tickets online and into a place where they can buy them from the comfort of their own home and phone, but in making sure they have more help at the station.
So I thank him for the points he makes; he speaks with expertise.
The Government have overseen the largest increase in rail fees.
My constituents must deal with frequent delays and cancellations, and now people in Bath and across Somerset face losing their ticket offices.
Bath is a world heritage site that has a large number of visitors.
Foreign visitors, in particular, find getting through apps and ticketing machines bewildering; they depend on the ticket offices.
It more important than ever now to attract people on to public transport, so will the Minister explain why my constituents, and the many visitors to Bath who would otherwise come by coach, should feel confident that train journeys will be more reliable, cheaper and more attractive than driving?
It is because we want to give that better customer experience, so that more passengers are seeing more staff at the stations to help them with information, make them feel more secure and welcome, help them purchase a ticket, and do so in a manner where those passengers are used to transacting across the space.
I very much hope the hon.
Lady will see a better staff experience as a result and therefore even more people will be attracted on to rail.
My hon.
Friend is a good Minister and a good friend, but I think even he knows he has a tough gig this morning.
To use his Beatles analogy, can he not just let it be?
I queue up at my ticket office every Monday morning.
There is always a queue of people wanting route advice, people with disabilities who cannot use the machines and people wanting refunds.