I call the shadow Minister.
The former Lord Chancellor,  the right hon.
Member for Esher and Walton (Dominic Raab) , when told of the demise of his Bill of Rights, said:
“All the wrong people will celebrate.”
Was the Attorney General celebrating the defeat of that attack on our European convention rights?
Will she now stand up to other of her Cabinet colleagues who repeatedly transgress international law?
They did it with the Northern Ireland protocol, with the United Kingdom Internal Market Act 2020, with the Illegal Migration Bill and again this week with the Economic Activity of Public Bodies (Overseas Matters) Bill.
She is the Attorney General, so if she will not stand up for the rule of law, who will?
I absolutely can and do stand up for the rule of law.
The Government are committed to the rule of law domestically and committed to maintaining and upholding our obligations under international law.
That is made quite clear to all Ministers.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
The Rwanda asylum plan was declared so poor that it threatened the rights of asylum seekers not to be tortured or subjected to inhumane treatment, and it was found incompatible with a host of international conventions.
Those were the findings of the Court of Appeal, and the Supreme Court will inevitably reach the same conclusion.
How much taxpayers’ money does the Attorney General estimate the Government will spend appealing this illegal plan?
I absolutely do not accept the premise of the hon.
Lady’s question.
The divisional court was a strong win for the Government.
At the Court of Appeal, the majority found against us, but we also had a strong judgment from the Lord Chief Justice.
We believe that the assurances we have had from Rwanda regarding asylum protections there are robust, and we intend to make those arguments strongly in the Supreme Court.
What steps she is taking to increase prosecution rates for cases relating to violence against women and girls.
Work is going on across the criminal justice system to drive up prosecution levels.
In the Gower, charges of adult rape suspects have increased dramatically in the past year.
The Solicitor General and I recently visited CPS South Wales to discuss its future plans.
The Jade’s law campaign is gathering more supporters with each passing day, united in our belief that a man such as Russell Marsh should have no say over the future of his children, whose mother he so viciously murdered.
Will the Attorney General engage in a serious and sympathetic discussion with her colleagues in the Ministry of Justice about how we can make Jade’s law a reality?
While I always enjoy my discussions with the hon.
Lady, I am afraid that I am not a Minister in the Ministry of Justice.
I am happy to pass on her points to those Ministers.
The Attorney General’s Office stays completely separate and independent of the Ministry of Justice, and it is important that we maintain that.
I call the Chair of the Justice Committee.
I am sure the Attorney General will agree that the investigation and prosecution of rape and serious sexual offences requires particular skills in both investigation and handling in court.
Will she therefore welcome the increase in prosecution counsel fees to an equal level with those for the defence so that we get the most competent people doing these cases?
Will she also accept that more investment must continue to go in so that the Crown Prosecution Service, as the Director of Public Prosecutions pointed out to our Committee on Tuesday, can continue to recruit sufficient experienced rape prosecutors and have the digital technology to deal with things such as mobile phone evidence in these cases?
My hon.
Friend knows well that I do not hold the budget that he is seeking to influence, but he is one of the best campaigners in the House and, as ever, he made his point extremely clearly.