What steps she is taking to increase tree planting.
I am pleased that the England trees action plan has set out more than 90 actions to help us meet our targets in increasing tree planting.
Since its publication, we have rolled out the England woodland creation offer grant scheme; we have added two new community forests, bringing that to a total of 13; we have invested in nursery capacity; and we have launched a new training and apprenticeship scheme to boost skills and workforce in the forestry sector.
Since January 2020, 350,000 trees have been planted in the west midlands.
An estimated 62 tonnes of air pollution have been removed as a result in the Black Country alone.
More than 320,000 of those trees have now been registered with the West Midlands Combined Authority’s virtual forest.
Will the Secretary of State join me in thanking our wonderful Mayor, Andy Street, for spearheading that massive effort, and will she outline how the Government plan to help the west midlands to plant even more trees?
It is fantastic to hear about these successes and the innovation of virtual forests.
I thank Mayor Andy Street and the people of the west midlands for planting more trees.
We will continue to support tree planting through our national forest in the midlands.
We will work closely with the Forestry Commission on the nature for climate fund grant schemes, including the local authority treescapes fund.
This is yet another example of fantastic Conservative Mayors delivering for their residents cleaner air, and greener and more beautiful spaces.
As we regularly say, vote blue, go green.
I recently visited the Woodland Trust’s Snaizeholme tree planting project, which is in the Prime Minister’s Yorkshire constituency.
It has huge potential for nature recovery and carbon capture, but along with other sites, it faces a financial cliff edge when the nature for climate fund comes to an end.
Will the Government commit to long-term funding that provides certainty for that vital work?
The hon.
Gentleman will know that we have extensive funding, and he will also know that the cycles of funding go with something called the spending review, which is until 2025.
We will continue to invest in forestry, and we are doing it through our environmental land management schemes as well.
I planted the first tree in the northern forest with my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bolton West (Chris Green) .
We need to keep it going.
I was there!
He did it!
No, he didn’t.
The more trees that are planted, the better, so let us all take credit for planting trees.
It is good for wellbeing, and it is good for the planet.
When she plans to publish the results of her Department’s consultation on the fur market in Great Britain.
A summary of responses to the call for evidence on the fur market setting out the results and any next steps in this policy space will be published soon.
The Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs called for evidence on banning the import and sale of fur back in 2021, but two years on, we have yet to hear what the public think about such an important and timely issue.
Will the Department commit to a date when it will release the results of the consultation on the fur market in Great Britain?
As I said, we are considering those responses and will publish our response very soon.
What mechanisms exist to supply safe drinking water to homes without access to mains water.
Private drinking water supplies are regulated by local authorities, which receive scientific and technical advice from the Drinking Water Inspectorate.
Local authorities sample and identify water-quality risks, can serve notices to correct any issues identified and have remedial powers if those responsible for the supply do not comply with the notice.
Private water supply compliance is steadily improving.
In 2022, 96.4% of private supplies were compliant, up from 91.4% in 2010.