Members look at the details and engage with the consultation, they may find their constituents are getting a wider range of services over a wider range of hours than they currently receive.
As a booking and ticket clerk on the underground back in the 1970s, trust me: I know ticketing is now easier.
I still use the buses and the underground every day, so I am familiar with the scenes at stations in the mornings and evenings.
However, more screens and more opportunities for things to go wrong are not the answer to every problem.
Does the Minister know how many ticket machines fail every day?
These machines will make it harder, not easier, to buy tickets.
It will be harder, not easier, to secure refunds.
It will be harder, not easier, to apply for rail cards.
Who uses booking office clerks?
Disabled people, the elderly and people with language problems or difficulty understanding how to use the ticket machine.
Will he give the green light for the RDG to change track and scrap this train wreck of a proposal?
There are 979 regulated, operated stations, but 43% of all stations currently do not have any ticket office facility at all, and people are still able to use those stations to access trains.
Ninety-nine per cent of transactions can be completed either online or via a machine.
In the event that a machine is not working and there are no staff—a lot of stations, like my own, are staffed for only half the day—a ticket to ride can be acquired and then a ticket can be purchased at the end of a journey.
Again, these processes are already in place for those stations with no ticket office.
We have those blocks to build on.
I do not think the Minister should plug The Beatles in that way.
Many people using stations such as Stoke-on-Trent station are infrequent travellers, and many are vulnerable or elderly and need support to buy a ticket.
Can the Minister assure me that there will always be someone at Stoke-on-Trent station to provide a paper ticket to those without digital skills?
There are no plans to replace paper tickets through the train operators’ process.
Again, the aim is to ensure that ticket office staff are freed up and on the platform to sell the tickets and help passengers to purchase them at the machines or online.
The hope is that, thereafter, those passengers will be able to book  for themselves with confidence, without needing to use that service.
Those staff will also be available at Stoke-on-Trent to provide other services and information: more customer services.
This is the exact way in which our rail passengers transact across the retail and financial space, which is why it is the right approach for the railways.
My constituents who use Cross Gates station and people across the country will be worried about this proposal, because closing ticket offices is yet another example of private profit being put before the public good in our railways.
This move is really about gutting railways of station staff, who have a big impact on passenger accessibility and safety, especially for older and disabled people.
Does the Minister really believe that this will make the railways more welcoming for people—or does that not matter?
If we like seeing station staff when we access our journey and like the fact that we will be seeing more of them because they will be freed up, then I absolutely agree with the hon.
Gentleman.
Rather than gutting the railways, this Government, and indeed the taxpayer, have provided £41 billion of support since the pandemic.
That does not sound like gutting the railways to me.
I truly believe that we will end up with a better station experience, one that better reflects modern usage, which is why we are happy to support the train operators with these proposals.