Gentleman.
The point is that when we introduce secondary legislation, the formality is that we have to consult.
That is why we are doing a short consultation, which we launched last week.
We will get on with the secondary legislation when we return after the recess.
What recent discussions she has had with relevant stakeholders on monitoring coastal and marine biodiversity.
My hon.
Friend and I share a feature in that the coast and the sea are a key part of our constituencies.
We have just brought into effect our first three highly protected marine areas.
We engage regularly with various stakeholders on a variety of issues relating to the monitoring and protection of coastal and marine biodiversity.
We will continue to do that around our shores, but we also do extensive work around the world, with our knowledge and expertise, to ensure that we preserve marine biodiversity much more strongly right across the globe.
I recently met Applied Genomics Ltd, a marine scientific business in my North Norfolk constituency.
It specialises in environmental DNA acquisition and processing, and has developed an effective technique to measure a broad biodiversity profile, from fish stocks and invasive species to microbial pollution.
The UK does not currently have an all-encompassing nationwide programme to monitor our coastal marine environments, so will the Minister consider launching a consistent, low-cost and accurate programme, and will she meet me to discuss it?
My hon.
Friend will be aware that we monitor marine and coastal wildlife and habitats through the UK marine monitoring and assessment strategy evidence groups.
Indeed, the £140 million natural capital and ecosystem assessment programme is an important example of how we are trying to do these things in a smarter and more timely way.
I am delighted to say that Applied Genomics, the company to which he refers, whose work I think is interesting and valuable, has delivered some of that work.
When will the Secretary of State join me in a campaign to try to clean up our seas and oceans?
Around our country, there are reports of marine life dying.
When will she wake up to the fact that tyres are not just made of rubber but contain 72 chemicals, some of them poisonous and related to cancer, and all that wear goes into the gullies, gutters, streams, rivers and oceans and it is poisoning marine life?
When will she do something about it?
I know that the hon.
Gentleman is trying to launch a campaign on that.
The Department and the Government are aware of the impact of the particulate matter that comes off tyres and brakes.
That is increasingly one of the challenges for heavier electric vehicles, and the Department for Transport in particular is working with the industry on that.
On the other aspects he mentions, we have the £500 blue planet fund, and we invest right around the world and on our shores in improving marine biodiversity.
That is why we are sponsoring activity on coral reefs, for example, and on getting plastic out of our oceans.
It is why the UK played a critical role in securing the UN “biodiversity beyond national jurisdiction” treaty on trying to improve marine biodiversity.
This Government have done more for the oceans, and made them a central part of tackling climate change, than any other country in the world, and we will continue to do so.
What steps she is taking to increase tree planting.
I am pleased that the England trees action plan has set out more than 90 actions to help us meet our targets in increasing tree planting.
Since its publication, we have rolled out the England woodland creation offer grant scheme; we have added two new community forests, bringing that to a total of 13; we have invested in nursery capacity; and we have launched a new training and apprenticeship scheme to boost skills and workforce in the forestry sector.