That’s why we do it.”
That is not good enough.
I have mobility, so I can walk up to Charing Cross to make that transaction —or not make it—and then leave, but for others who do not, it does not work for them at all.
I can give him the assurance that alongside this programme is a strong exercise to make all products accessible from machines and online; 99% are already accessible, but we need to get the full suite of products so that people do not have to queue in the manner he has just described.
Although these station office closures are in England, they have implications for Scottish passengers.
Many in my constituency, myself included—never mind those in the Borders and elsewhere in southern Scotland—access services through stations in northern England, in Berwick and elsewhere.
That is not just a matter of choice, but often a matter of necessity; it is required because of the pan-UK services timetabling from LNER, TPE or CrossCountry, all of which are signed off by the DFT.
What discussions are taking place with the Scottish Government or with Scottish passenger representatives to ensure that the rights of those north of the border who are impacted by this change will be protected?
I will be looking to speak to the Scottish Executive.
In Scotland, similar proposals have, as I understand it, been rolled out to a number of ticket stations by ScotRail.
I want to assess whether that was a mandate from the Executive.
I will certainly be having a chat with them to see what lessons can be learned, given that Scotland appears to have gone before England in that regard.
May I take this opportunity to welcome the extension of contactless payments to Berkhamsted and Tring in South West Hertfordshire?
I declare an interest as a local commuter from one of those stations.
Although this initiative on rail ticket offices will, in my eyes, help more travellers, can my hon.
Friend reassure the House that additional support will remain for those who require help, such as the elderly and the disabled?
Yes, I can.
I thank my hon.
Friend for his points.
I know that he has busy stations and will want to ensure that his constituents are looked after.
The very first meeting that I had when we were looking at the train operators’ proposals was with disability and access groups and age concern groups.
I wanted to work with them—I still do—to find out what individual characteristics of the design may work for some but not for others.
I can give him the assurance that we will continue to support those who have the greatest vulnerabilities.
I firmly believe that taking people out from behind glass and putting them into areas where they can be best accessed will mean that they will be able to give passengers the greatest help, making for a better rail experience.
The Minister says that he has engaged with relevant disabled people’s organisations, but there has been widespread opposition to ticket office closures from such organisations, including Disability Rights UK, the National Federation of the Blind, Transport for All, Royal National Institute of Blind People, Royal National Institute for Deaf People, Guide Dogs and Scope.
The Minister thinks that taking expert staff out of station ticket offices and putting them on the platform will help people, but how will people know which member of staff to go to for the help they need?
A ticket office means that people know where to go to get that help.
If those staff are to be redeployed, there will not be a single redundancy, will there, Minister?
I have a funny feeling that these proposals will go down not like a yellow submarine but like a lead balloon.
I have stated the position with regard to redundancies.
A deal is on the table but the RMT will not give it to its members to make a determination.