The hon.
Gentleman must be living in a parallel universe.
There is no doubt that many measures have been undertaken to improve animal welfare.
One thing I would say is that there have not been any live exports of animals since 2021, and we still have legislation ready to go.
We have already set out our approach.
Of course he will be aware that it is already illegal to smuggle pets, and some of the legislation we were working on was to try to make it more challenging for criminals who abuse pets as well.
The Secretary of State is right that progress on animal welfare can be made by specific and targeted measures.
I would add to the ones she mentioned the adoption by the Government of my own private Member’s Hare Coursing Bill.
However, we do need a clear programme of further progress.
Can she tell me the progress on two specific changes: the ban on the import of dogs with cropped ears and the ban on keeping primates as pets?
As my hon.
Friend points out, he has already undertaken significant work regarding hare coursing; it is one of the top priorities for rural police and crime commissioners and they continue to do good work on that, recognising that much of it is connected to organised crime.
On the two measures he refers to, because we are introducing secondary legislation to stop people keeping primates as pets, we have to consult formally and then the legislation will be prepared alongside that.
In terms of the mutilation elements, when my right hon.
Friend the Minister for Food, Farming and Fisheries spoke to the House on  25 May , he said that we would be taking forward measures on individual issues.
I intend that to happen in the next Session of Parliament.
I call the shadow Minister.
Last Friday Lord Goldsmith resigned from the Government and his letter to the Prime Minister was absolutely devastating.
If I may paraphrase it, it said that before taking office the Prime Minister assured party members via Lord Goldsmith that he the Prime Minister would continue to implement the action plan, including the Animal Welfare (Kept Animals) Bill and measures such as ending the live export of animals for slaughter, banning keeping primates as pets and preventing the import of shark fins and hunting trophies from vulnerable species.
Lord Goldsmith has been horrified as bit by bit the Government have abandoned those commitments, domestically and on the world stage.
The Animal Welfare (Kept Animals) Bill has been ditched, despite the Prime Minister’s promises; efforts on a wide range of domestic environmental issues have simply ground to a standstill; and, more worryingly, the United Kingdom has visibly stepped off the world stage.
Lord Goldsmith and the Secretary of State served as DEFRA Ministers in the last Parliament.
Does she agree with his devastating critique of the Prime Minister and her Department?
Of course not.
I was very sad that the noble Lord chose to leave Government.
I pay tribute to him for a lot of what he has done in terms of international  nature.
The Minister for Food, Farming and Fisheries, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Sherwood (Mark Spencer) , set out to the House on  25 May  the approach that we are taking and why.
We are getting on with the legislation on keeping primates as pets, and we are preparing single-issue Bills. [
Interruption.]
The hon.
Member for Cambridge (Daniel Zeichner) , who is chuntering from a sedentary position, clearly does not know a lot about government.
I understand that, because he has never been in it—[Interruption.]
I am responding to the chuntering from the hon.
Gentleman.
The point is that when we introduce secondary legislation, the formality is that we have to consult.
That is why we are doing a short consultation, which we launched last week.