What assessment has he made of the impact on revenue for our rail industry?
Will he admit that this process is merely a prelude to job losses that will mean far fewer staff to serve the travelling public, and the continued managed decline of our railways?
We know what this is really about.
It is not about reforming our railways; the Government have already ditched plans for Great British Railways.
It is not about modernisation; the Department has already confirmed that the contactless ticketing roll-out is limited to London and the south-east.
This is about one thing and one thing only: the Conservatives crashed the economy and now they are asking for more self-defeating cuts on our declining railways.
On the Minister’s watch, our rail services are already being run into the ground, with cancellations at record highs, basic services such as wi-fi being taken away and legislation to reform the network on the scrapheap.
Will he simply acknowledge that the Conservatives cannot fix the railways because they broke them in the first place?
Let me give a little more detail on the Secretary of State’s role in the ticketing and settlement agreement, which has been in place not just under Conservative Administrations, but under the last Labour Administration.
The Secretary of State is required to make a determination where the train operators and the passenger groups cannot reach an agreement.
That makes it entirely right for him not to be here to respond to the urgent question.
The hon.
Lady mentioned job losses.
First and foremost, this is all about taking expert ticketing staff into the parts of the station where currently they are not seen.
If only 10% of tickets are sold across the ticket counter, crudely, that means that 90% of passengers are not accessing that member of staff.
The idea is to take the member of staff on to the platform to help passengers to purchase tickets via a ticketing machine or online.
Ninety-nine per cent of tickets can be purchased in that manner, so there is no reason why this will not be an improvement.
In the event that there are some staff who do not wish to make the transition, of course, the train operators will need to look at that.
The sad reality is that there is an offer on the table that would guarantee no compulsory redundancies up to December 2024, but the union leaders refused to put that offer to their members.
If there is any concern about the impact on jobs, the National Union of Rail, Maritime and Transport Workers and those it backs financially might wish to take some responsibility for that.
The hon.
Lady talked about pay-as-you-go being rolled out only to the south-east.
The devolution deals that have been announced will enable the roll-out of pilots by the Mayors of the West Midlands and Manchester by the end of this year.
She also talked about wi-fi being taken away, but that is not the case either.
We are looking for each train operator to do research to show how much the wi-fi is used, how helpful it is and what more can be done.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
The Transport Committee is conducting an inquiry into accessible transport.
We have received alarming evidence that the quality and range of assistance to vulnerable passengers has declined markedly since the pandemic.
If the redeployment of staff is to be meaningful, it is essential that the new roles and training are designed with the support of campaign groups for vulnerable people.
Will my hon.
Friend assure me that that will happen?
My hon.
Friend makes an excellent point.
The very first discussions I had with any groups about these changes were with those groups that represent passengers with accessibility and mobility issues on the railway.