As my hon.
Friend would expect, the CPS prosecutes violent crime robustly.
As the Attorney General will know from intimate knowledge, serious violent crime is thankfully not something that Lichfield suffers very much from at all, but that is not the case in the broader west midlands.
What can the CPS do to demonstrate to people in the west midlands that it will have a zero tolerance attitude and take action against serious violent crime?
The sale and use of drugs is driving serious and violent crime.
Last year, for drugs offences the CPS in the west midlands had a conviction rate of over 90%.
I agree with my hon.
Friend’s zero tolerance approach.
What recent assessment she has made of the effectiveness of the unduly lenient sentence scheme.
The unduly lenient sentence scheme remains an important tool, ensuring appropriate sentences for the most serious crimes.
Last year, we referred 139 cases to the Court of Appeal and the sentence was increased in just under 70% of those cases.
I thank the Solicitor General for his response.
He will recall that I contacted him on behalf of a number of my constituents about a child sex offender in my constituency.
Our local newspaper, the Stoke Sentinel, reported the sentencing of that offender beneath the headline, “Pervert Walks Free From Court”.
My constituents are rightly concerned that such serious offenders can receive a non-custodial sentence.
Given that my right hon.
and learned Friend has been unable to intervene, will he review the way in which such offending is evaluated, so that such cases can be considered?
I am very grateful to my hon.
Friend for his question and for raising this case.
He is a great champion for Stoke-on-Trent.
He will understand   that I cannot comment on individual cases, but it is right to say that the threshold or test for undue leniency is a high one.
In the vast majority of cases the Crown court judges get the sentence right, and the Court of Appeal will grant permission only in exceptional circumstances.
Whether she has taken recent steps to support Ukraine’s judiciary in its conduct of war crimes trials.
We have sent our most experienced international judge, Sir Howard Morrison, to train more than 100 Ukrainian judges.
I met some of them earlier this year in Kyiv with him.
Next week, we have a delegation of Ukrainian officials in the UK for prosecutorial training.
The International Centre for the Prosecution of the Crime of Aggression was launched in The Hague this week with the backing of the EU, the US and the International Criminal Court, collecting data, interviewing victims and building evidence files to assist both international and national prosecutors to bring criminals to justice for the invasion of Ukraine.
In addition to what the Attorney General has already said, what further practical steps will she take to support the centre, and assist and support international efforts to gather evidence of war crimes committed in Ukraine?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her question.
I would be delighted to pick this up with her outside the Chamber if she would like more detail on the work we are doing.
I work very closely with the Ukrainian prosecutor general, Andriy Kostin.
His team are currently investigating and prosecuting 92,000 open war crimes cases during a conflict—something that is unprecedented.
We are providing help at every level, including prosecutorial and evidence-gathering help.
We are a keen part of the atrocity crimes advisory group.
We have been training judges.
We are keen to help with the wider accountability question on the international stage as well.
At all levels, we are absolutely determined to help our friends in Ukraine.
Could the Attorney General keep going for another 30 seconds?
I could keep going on Ukraine almost forever, Mr Speaker.
What else shall I talk about?
What a delight!
I could talk about Ukraine all day.