Local authorities sample and identify water-quality risks, can serve notices to correct any issues identified and have remedial powers if those responsible for the supply do not comply with the notice.
Private water supply compliance is steadily improving.
In 2022, 96.4% of private supplies were compliant, up from 91.4% in 2010.
The nine homes of Aysdalegate near Charltons do not have access to mains water.
Over the last decade, Redcar and Cleveland Borough Council has performed drinking water checks nine times, and on all occasions, the supply has been judged unsatisfactory owing to bacterial contamination, including E.coli and enterococci.
A regulation 18 notice, which specifies that the water requires boiling before drinking, has been in  place permanently since December 2017, and residents report to me finding tadpoles and other life in their drinking water.
This is a Dickensian scandal in 2023, but Northumbrian Water has advised that it will cost these low-income homes over £100 each simply to give them a quote for mains water connection.
That is obviously unacceptable.
Will my hon.
Friend agree to meet me urgently so that we can discuss how to help my constituents?
I am sorry to hear about this issue, which my right hon.
Friend has already brought to my attention.
Our legislation does allow for those on a private supply to request a connection to the mains supply, but it is right that the legislation allows a water company to charge for the cost of making a new connection, because otherwise it would impact on all customers’ bills.
The local authority can give advice, and I urge him to keep contacting it, but if there is anything more we can discuss usefully, I would be happy to do so.
Like yourself, Mr Speaker, I am of a generation that can well remember when water came from the wells, and it was pure and clean.
Times have moved on, and we have realised that such water is not available to everyone, as  the right hon.
Member for Middlesbrough South and East Cleveland (Sir Simon Clarke)  said.
I ask the Minister this question ever mindful of the discussions that she will have had: have there been any discussions between the Government and the devolved Administration in Northern Ireland to ensure that grants are available for people who need to go on to mains water and that their water is pure, as it was many years ago but is not always today?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question; I, too, have a well, but it does not supply our drinking water.
I think a lot of people have wells on their properties, or locally on their roads or wherever.
The issue he has raised is a matter for the Northern Ireland Administration, but here the Drinking Water Inspectorate has commissioned research into the impact of future private water supplies, as well as the whole regulatory model and legislative framework.
What steps she is taking to support farmers.
We are backing British farmers with £2.4 billion of investment every year.
We have recently updated our new schemes based on the feedback that farmers have given us, making them easier to apply for.
We are providing tailored business advice to all farmers.
We have cut red tape, brought in fair enforcement regimes, and helped the sector access the seasonal labour it needs.
We are looking closely at the Shropshire review that we commissioned to see how we can go further.
We are reviewing supply chain fairness in the sector and trying to unlock opportunities for genetic technologies.
I could keep going, but I will leave it there for now.
Upland farmers across Burnley and Padiham, and indeed right across Lancashire, play a huge role in keeping us fed and enhancing the local  environment.
That is why it is so important that we support them.
Can my right hon.