To use his Beatles analogy, can he not just let it be?
I queue up at my ticket office every Monday morning.
There is always a queue of people wanting route advice, people with disabilities who cannot use the machines and people wanting refunds.
I have to queue because I have an open flexible ticket, as many Members do, that I cannot get from the machine.
Will roving members of staff be subject to statutory regulation?
At the moment, ticket office staff are the only staff subject to statutory regulation, so I might not even be able to find a roving member of staff to take me to the machine, to request a ticket that the machine will not give me.
It is not going to work, is it?
The Beatles analogy rather flew past me, I am afraid.
Let me repeat the statistic to my hon.
Friend: 99% of all tickets can be purchased from a ticket machine or online.
In terms of the 1% we need to work on, I have asked the industry and officials to speed up the process, so that more tickets can be purchased in that manner and ticket machines can be changed so that that can occur.
I seek to work with my hon.
Friend to convince him that that is the right approach.
As the former Chair of the Transport Committee and having spent all my time on transport since I became a Member, I would not be making this statement if I did not believe this was the right thing for the railway and for passengers.
That matters to me hugely.
I am not a stooge; I do this because I think this is the right thing to do, it will create a better passenger experience and it guarantees our future in rail.
The Minister spoke of modernising passengers’ experience of railways.
Having visited, he will know that Luton station is not fit for purpose and that the ticket office is integral to the upper level walk-through from the town centre to High Town.
Any closure of the ticket office will pose risks to the security and safety of staff and passengers.
Crucially,  can the Minister assure me that the proposed closure of ticket offices will not be used as a reason to delay, decrease or halt refurbishment of stations that are in need of renovation in the future, such as Luton station?
I have stood at the Dispatch Box and assured the hon.
Lady that the maintenance improvements for Luton station will start in August and will be delivered by the beginning of next year.
I can give her that assurance.
This programme is completely separate and does not have any knock-on effects regarding the Access for All programme, through which 400 stations will have been given step-free access by next year.
As part of the process for the programme, passengers will have a three-week period during which they can provide their views on individual stations, so they can give their views on Luton station.
There will then be a 35-day period during which passenger groups will assess what they have seen, and they can work with train operators on issues with which they are uncomfortable, perhaps for reasons of meeting accessibility needs.
Finally, the Secretary of State will determine matters, if the two parties cannot agree.
So there is a process in place to ensure that every station meets its requirements, which they must do from an accessibility perspective.
None of that changes through this mechanism.
Ten per cent of ticket sales is still an awful lot of ticket sales.
In this process, I hope that people who choose or need to buy their tickets from a ticket office will not suffer from the tyranny of the majority who choose not to, and that their interests will be properly protected throughout.