I asked the right hon.
Lady a simple question, but I fear that she does not know the answer; she certainly did not reply to it.
What is clear is that Labour wants to spend more on welfare.
So do the Liberal Democrats, and so does Reform.
Only one party here is telling the truth about the welfare bill: the country cannot afford it.
May I urge the right hon.
Lady to take up my proposals?
Will she stop giving people benefits for common mental health problems such as anxiety and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, and give them help instead?
Will she stop giving personal independence payments to foreign citizens who have not paid into our system and free cars to people who do not need them?
Will she stop people scamming the benefits system over the phone and on the internet?
Will she keep the two-child benefits cap, and get the benefits bill under control?
Order.
Can I just say that we are on topicals?
It is your own Members who are not going to get in.
The Conservative party failed on welfare because it failed on work.
The reason why we inherited such a dire situation with sickness and disability benefits is that the Conservatives failed to get people into work.
We are turning that around, and it is about time the hon.
Lady and Opposition Members put forward a proper plan of action that actually gets people into work.
We believe in work; it is a pity the Conservative party does not.
Meur ras, Mr Speaker.
The number of young NEET people is often a reflection of a range of different factors: poverty, poor mental health services, lack of access to support services, and inadequate transport, SEND and care services, especially in remote coastal areas such as Camborne, Redruth and Hayle.
Can the Minister reassure the House and these young people that joined-up, cross-departmental working groups have been set up to tackle this issue head-on?
Yes, that is exactly how we are working, and I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
Our “Get Britain Working” plan identified Cornwall as a rural industrial legacy employment area, and we specifically pointed out the lack of connectivity.
That is why, when it comes to our new jobcentres service, we are also trialling jobcentres on wheels: buses that can take support to where people are and which are designed for rural areas.
They recently featured on “The One Show”.
We come to the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
The Government are right to want to see more people with disabilities and long-term sickness get into work.
Sadly, this was used to justify the savage cuts to benefits that were proposed earlier this year.
My colleagues and I are hearing reports of cuts to current awards through Access to Work, and to new payments, being done by the back door.
Can the Minister cast any light on whether guidance has been given to civil servants on such cuts?
There has been no change at all to policy on Access to Work.
As the hon.
Member knows, we did consult, in the Green Paper earlier in the year, on reform to Access to Work.
There has been a big increase in demand for it, and reform is needed.
We are looking at the consultation responses at the moment.
There may have been instances in the past where the published guidance was not always properly applied.
It is being applied now, and that may give rise to some of the issues that have been drawn to his attention, but there has been no change at all in the policy.
I warmly commend the locally led £100 million Connect to Work programme, which supports those facing complex barriers to employment to get into work and to stay in work.