Member has rightly drawn attention, with shorter decision times.
Over the summer, I have been doing a deep dive into children with special educational needs and disabilities, not least the transition points between education and work.
As part of the Timms review—the Minister’s own review—will he ensure that that interface is looked at, so that there is a smooth transition for young people, as opposed to the cliff edges that many of them face when making the transition into work?
The review will look specifically at the PIP assessment, but one proposal in our Green Paper published earlier this year was increasing the age of transition from DLA to PIP from 16 to 18.
I think that that change could assist with the concern expressed by my hon.
Friend.
We are looking at the consultation responses that we have received.
What discussions she has had with the Chancellor of the Exchequer on reducing poverty.
We are determined to drive down child poverty in the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency and right across Scotland and the rest of the UK.
Our child poverty strategy will look at every lever at our disposal to drive up family incomes, to drive down family costs and to give every child the best start in life.
I discuss such issues regularly with the Chancellor and Ministers across Government, because we will leave no stone unturned to ensure that every child can fulfil their potential—they deserve it and our country needs it.
Two million pensioners in the UK are in poverty, and the British state pension is among the worst in north-west Europe.
During the independence referendum, Better Together claimed that our pensions are more affordable when Scotland is part of the UK.
Eleven years on, will the Minister tell me exactly what the Union is doing for Scottish pensioners, other than impoverishing them?
Investing an additional £31 billion in the triple lock over this Parliament is delivering huge benefits to pensioners in Scotland, as are our measures to drive up the uptake of pension credit in order to help the very poorest pensioners; our measures to stabilise the economy; and our investment in the NHS, on which many pensioners rely.
I am proud of the action that we are taking.
Given that this Government have agreed and are giving Scotland its biggest ever funding settlement, the hon.
Gentleman should ask some challenging questions of his Government, to ensure that they deliver for Scotland’s pensioners, too.
Last year, a staggering one in four kids in Derby lived in poverty.
Our local charities, such as the Derby Food 4 Thought Alliance, do amazing work; last year, they handed out 20,000 food parcels.
Will the Secretary of State ensure  that the upcoming child poverty strategy addresses the root causes of child food poverty, so that parents are not left struggling to put tea on the table?
I understand very well the issue that my hon.
Friend raises.
As a former chair of Feeding Leicester, the programme to end hunger in my city, I see only too clearly the links between poverty and dependence on emergency food parcels.
I am very proud that we have already slashed deductions in universal credit and extended the crisis and resilience fund, providing it with its first three-year funding settlement.
There is much more to do.
We want to make sure that children have hungry minds, not hungry bellies, and we are determined to deliver that.
The best way to reduce poverty is for people to be in work, but as a result of this Government’s damaging economic policies, we have seen youth unemployment rise by 6% since the general election.
What representations will the Secretary of State make to the Chancellor ahead of the Budget to ensure that more damage is not done?
The Labour party believes that everybody who can work must work.
The hon.