I remind Members that the deadline for that is  15 September .
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Around a year ago, the Labour Government inherited from the previous Conservative Government around 3 million pensioners in poverty.
Sadly, last winter’s cuts to the winter fuel payment saw many pensioners pushed into hardship.
In the light of winter fuel price hikes, will the Minister reconsider the Government’s proposals and ensure that moneys are paid to pensioners who missed out on the winter fuel payment last winter?
I thank the hon.
Member for his question, but would gently say that every time he opposes every single tax rise or any difficult choice in this House, he is saying that the Liberal Democrats are not a party that could deliver on commitments, for example, to the triple lock, which will increase in cost, as my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State mentioned earlier, by £31 billion by the end of this Parliament.
There are things called “choices”, which are necessary if we are to provide for our top priorities—and for Labour Members, the top priorities, when it comes to pensioners, are making sure that we can increase the state pension, the bedrock of most pensioners’ living standards, and saving the NHS, and that is exactly what we will continue to do.
If she will make an assessment of the potential impact of increasing the number of remote personal independence payment assessments on claimants in West Dorset constituency.
We will increase the number of face-to-face, rather than remote, PIP assessments, and will increase the number of health professionals in assessment centres in order to deliver that.
I think the hon.
Gentleman will agree, however, that it is important to keep telephone or video alternatives for those who need them.
Many West Dorset constituents have written to me with deep anxiety about the assessment for personal independence payments, and especially the use of remote assessments.
One constituent, despite previously being awarded enhanced PIP, has endured months of repeated phone assessments, which have triggered severe panic attacks and high blood pressure, and caused lasting psychological harm.
The Secretary of State has given me a commitment to moving away  from phone-based assessments, so what additional resources will be made available to support the roll-out of more face-to-face assessments in West Dorset?
There was a switch to remote assessments in the pandemic, for obvious reasons, but my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State has made the point repeatedly that, as was said in the “Pathways to Work” Green Paper, we want to move sharply back to face-to-face, while keeping alternatives for those who need them.
I am sure the hon.
Gentleman will have spoken to people for whom the prospect of going to an assessment centre provokes the kind of anxiety that his constituent experienced as a result of a telephone call.
We are speaking to the assessment providers, and we have already increased the proportion of face-to-face assessments.
That work will continue.
What steps she is taking to support young people into employment, education or training in Southend East and Rochford constituency.
What steps she is taking to support young people into employment, education or training in Southend West and Leigh constituency.
With permission, I will answer these questions together, as they are both about the great city of Southend.
Colleagues in Southend jobcentre are working very hard with Southend young people to help them gain skills, experience and confidence.
The team have launched a bespoke employability workshop designed for young people, and recently delivered a regional work experience pilot for college students.
They also work with our great partners, such as the King’s Trust and FirstPoint Training, to provide placements and opportunities, and there is also the employer-led Movement to Work programme.
Young people across the UK who are not in education, employment or training are more than twice as likely to come from disadvantaged backgrounds.