I thank the hon.
Member for his question.
We discussed this issue at some length in the statement before the recess.
He knows that the priority for the Labour party has been to raise the state pension by committing to the triple lock throughout this Parliament at a cost of £31 billion a year.
For the new state pension, that will mean an increase of £1,900 a year by the end of this Parliament.
On winter fuel payments specifically—and I thought this was the Conservative party’s position—most people think that we should not be paying hundreds of pounds to the very richest pensioners.
We have listened to concerns and raised the threshold, but it is important to maintain that principle.
If the Conservatives’ position is now that they want a return to universal winter fuel payments, they need to have a word with the Leader of the Opposition, who has not supported universal winter fuel payments or, indeed, a universal state pension.
I am visiting the jobcentre in Rugby next week, and I am looking forward to hearing more about its work with local businesses, and also with people with disabilities and special educational needs, to get people back into work.
Will the Minister set out what further steps we are taking on that very important job for a Labour Government?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
I am glad he is visiting Rugby jobcentre, and I encourage all Members across the House to go to their local jobcentres, because their work coaches have the most experience and knowledge about what we need to do to get people into work.
We are creating “jobcentre in your pocket”, so that everyone can have access to  help 24 hours a day.
Letting technology take the strain will mean that our work coaches can do more of what they do best, which is giving people—person to person—the confidence to take up life’s chances.
Last week, Policy Exchange published a very insightful report, “Out of Control”, looking at the pathways to benefit entitlements.
It made this point:
“Fifty years ago, just one in 2,500 people was said to have Autism; today that has risen to one in 36 children”.
Will the ministerial team undertake to look at the implications for the Department of that definitional creep and the specific implications for benefit entitlements?
We have set up a panel of experts to advise us on how best to improve employment prospects for people with autism and neurodivergence.
As the right hon.
Member knows, we will be undertaking a review of the PIP assessment, co-producing it with disabled people, so that we have a clear way forward for who should and who should not be entitled to the personal independence payment.
Can my hon.
Friend set out how this Government are reforming pensions long term to help people in Bracknell Forest and across the country to save for their futures?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his crucial question.
That is exactly why we have revived the landmark pensions commission.
We have to confront the reality that we are on track for tomorrow’s pensioners to be poorer than today’s.
Auto-enrolment has been a huge success, with 88% of eligible employees now saving, but 45% of working-age adults, including 3 million self-employed and one in four low earners, are currently saving nothing.
The commission will ensure that we build a pension system that is strong, fair and sustainable.
The carer’s allowance overpayments review was due to report in early summer.
It is now  1 September .
In recent weeks, I have become aware of a case where the DWP has informed somebody that they now owe it £18,000.
That is a scandal.
When will the review report back?
We have received the report from Liz Sayce, and I want to thank her very much for her review of earnings-related overpayments of carer’s allowance.
We are currently considering the findings.
We are, as the hon.