We have received the report from Liz Sayce, and I want to thank her very much for her review of earnings-related overpayments of carer’s allowance.
We are currently considering the findings.
We are, as the hon.
Lady knows, making a number of changes.
We have increased the earnings threshold for carer’s allowance in a way that I think will help avoid these problems in the future.
We are looking at the possibility of a taper on carer’s allowance.
We will come forward, before very long at all, with both the report and the Government’s response to it.
As someone who proudly served the trade union movement for two decades before entering this place, I warmly welcome the Government’s improvement to   workers’ rights.
Will the Minister set out what steps are being taken to ensure that no one is left behind in the vital reforms to statutory sick pay?
I know that so many of my hon.
Friends will, like her, welcome the changes we are making to statutory sick pay, which will improve eligibility for 1.3 million of the lowest-paid employees and remove the waiting period.
Many of those who will benefit are low-paid women.
The removal of the waiting period will mean that all employees receive at least £60 more at the start of their sickness absence compared to the current system, but we will continue to evaluate the measures as they are implemented.
Scotland is the only part of these islands where child poverty is falling, as a result of the Scottish child payment and the mitigation of the bedroom cap.
When will the Labour Government move from empty words to actual action to take children out of poverty?
We are already extending free school meals to all families on universal credit.
We have extended the holiday activities and food programme, so that we feed poor kids not just during school but in the holidays, too.
We have introduced a new fair repayment rate in universal credit.
We have made the first ever multi-year settlement for the crisis and resilience fund to help struggling families.
We are introducing and rolling out breakfast clubs.
Our child poverty strategy will be published in the autumn.
We are already taking action to tackle poverty and we will do more.
I say to the hon.
Lady that the Scottish Government need to look at how they are spending the biggest ever funding settlement, given in the spending review, including on employment support, because helping parents into good quality jobs is the long-term key to tackling poverty and inequality.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
I was delighted to see the establishment of the disability advisory panel a week or so ago. [
Interruption.]
I am so sorry, Mr Speaker; I have a cold.
How will the advisory panel link with the co-production in the Timms review?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend.
We have announced that Zara Todd will be the chair of the Department’s disability advisory panel.
The panel was announced in the “Get Britain Working” White Paper last year.
Separately, we will set up a group to work with me on the review of the PIP assessment.
I will, of course, talk to the disability advisory panel about the arrangements, but they will be separate structures.
Despite his new role in riding to the rescue of the Treasury, is the Pensions Minister still available to fulfil in principle the undertaking he gave me before the recess to have a meeting about the plight of ExxonMobil pensioners and the difficulties in them getting the discretionary surplus benefits to which I think they should be entitled?
Absolutely.
Before we come to the statement by the Home Secretary, I should like to say something about the House’s sub judice resolution.