I call the shadow Minister.
It is good to see the Minister back after the break, but I am sorry to hear that there are still no plans to reduce spending on personal independence payments.
He has said that he is collaborating with people who would not be working with him on his review if there were to be any reductions in the levels of benefit or eligibility.
Given that veto on cuts to PIP, I implore him again to consider the benefits to which PIP is a gateway, such as Motability, disability premiums, council tax discounts and blue badges.
Will he promise at least that those entitlements could come down?
We have made it clear that we will co-produce our review of the PIP assessment with disabled people and representatives of disability organisations.
The review will cover the assessment for the mobility component, which leads on to the Motability scheme, and other entitlements to which PIP is a gateway.
But with no possibility of any of those entitlements coming down or any of the spending being reduced?
We have 1.25 million foreign nationals claiming universal credit, most of whom are not in employment.
I hope that the Minister does not plan to co-produce his plans with foreign nationals—although, knowing Labour lawyers, I expect they will say that the European convention on human rights demands that they do just that.
Does he think that subsidising more and more foreign nationals is what the British social security system is for?
If not, will he restrict sickness benefits to British nationals only, as we have argued for?
It is crucial that we have a fair system.
We are reviewing universal credit at the moment, considering problems such as the five-week wait that was inserted when universal credit was introduced and changes to ensure that universal credit effectively tackles poverty and does the job that we need it to do.
Fairness will be at the heart of the system.
What steps she is taking to support young people into employment, education or training in Croydon East constituency.
In Croydon East, young people aged 18 to 21 will be helped by the youth guarantee trailblazer being delivered by the Greater London Authority.
It will strengthen early identification and outreach to engage young Londoners who are not, or risk not being, in employment, education or training, by linking them to enhanced support, employment and education opportunities and the essential services that they need.
I am glad that the DWP will continue to support communities in Croydon East by hosting an information stall at my hon.
Friend’s upcoming advice fair in New Addington.
Croydon is London’s youngest borough.
Given that 6.6% of people aged 16 to 24 in my Croydon East constituency claim out-of-work benefits, supporting young people into work, and breaking down barriers to opportunity, is vital.
Will the Minister give a little more detail about the additional funding for the London youth guarantee trailblazers, and will she outline how that will help Croydon’s young people into work?
I look forward to having the DWP with us in New Addington.
I will pass on my hon.
Friend’s comments to my colleagues in Croydon, who are keen to work with her and the other MPs there.
In the summer, the Secretary of State announced further funding of £45 million for our eight youth guarantee trailblazers.
That will ensure that in London, as in the rest of the country, our young people get the choices and chances that they deserve.
What steps she is taking to help tackle fraud in the welfare system.
The Government have committed to significant measures to counter welfare fraud, error and debt.
This is the biggest package of such measures in recent history, and the Office for Budget Responsibility has estimated that it will deliver an additional £9.6 billion of savings over the next five years.