Will the Minister commit to strengthening data sharing with not only local authorities, but the Department for Education, so that automatic enrolment for free school meals can be introduced?
My hon.
Friend is entirely right to raise this issue.
We will look at that, working closely with the Department for Education, as part of the child poverty strategy.
We of course share her ambition to ensure that families can claim the support that they need.
Our expansion of free school meals to all children in households claiming universal credit will make it much easier for parents to know if they are eligible, as well as lifting some 100,000 children out of poverty.
I thank the Minister for his reply; as always, he is very positive in his responses.
He referred to the anti-poverty strategy.
What discussions has he had about the anti-poverty strategy for us in Northern Ireland?
Levels of poverty and mental health issues have risen dramatically, and young people in  particular are under great pressure.
The Minister is always compassionate and understanding; what is he doing in relation to the Northern Ireland Assembly to make things better for us as well?
The hon.
Gentleman will understand that we want this strategy to be for England, Wales, Scotland and, of course, Northern Ireland.
He will be reassured to learn that those leading on the child poverty strategy have held a number of meetings with Ministers in Northern Ireland to ensure that its specific needs are taken into consideration.
What steps is she taking to support young people into employment, education or training in Bristol North East constituency.
One in eight young people are not in education, employment or training.
That is bad for them, bad for businesses and bad for our country as a whole.
Our west of England youth guarantee trailblazer, which covers my hon.
Friend’s constituency, is helping to remove barriers to work for young people, including by providing free bus travel for participants and connecting young people with skills support.
Last month, I announced an additional £45 million to extend our youth guarantee trailblazers, so that we can guarantee that all young people are earning or learning.
That is fantastic to hear.
Will the Secretary of State set out the practical impact of the west of England youth guarantee trailblazer so far?
Assuming that it is positive, will she confirm plans to back it up with more investment, in order to support our young people in the Bristol area?
I am really proud of the work being led in the west of England—including by our fantastic Mayor, Helen Godwin—to help more young people.
The trailblazer is engaging much more deeply with employers—it has engaged over 135 of them.
It is helping to enrol young people on employability courses and giving them more work placements, giving them the skills and experience they need.
As my hon.
Friend knows, young people say that they need a job to gain experience, but in order to get the job, they need that experience.
We are trying to turn that around.
We have announced additional funding of up to another £5 million for that west of England youth guarantee trailblazer.
A lot has been done, but there is a lot more to do.
What steps she is taking to increase the uptake of pension credit.
The Government are committed to ensuring that all pensioners receive the support to which they are entitled.
That is why we have been running the biggest ever pension credit take-up campaign.
We plan to continue promotional activity from September  through to the end of this financial year, with the focus not just on eligible pensioners but on their friends and family too.
Earlier this year, a constituent of mine in Edinburgh West contacted me about the delay she had faced in getting the pension credit she was entitled to.