The Government are determined to fix every aspect of the broken system we inherited and to restore the confidence of the British people, solving problems, not exploiting them, with a serious and comprehensive plan, not fantasy claims based on sums that do not add up or gimmicks that failed in the past.
What we will never do is seek to stir up chaos, division or hate, because that is not who we are as a country, and that is not what Britain stands for.
This is a practical plan to strengthen our border security, to fix the asylum chaos and to rebuild confidence in an asylum and immigration system that serves our national interests, protects our national security and reflects our national values.
When we wave the Union flag, when we wave the St George’s flag, when we sing “God Save the King” and when we celebrate everything that is great about Britain and about our country, we do so with pride because of the values that our flags, our King and our country represent: togetherness, fairness and decency, respect for each other and respect for the rule of law.
That is what our country stands for.
That is the British way to fix the problems we face.
I commend this statement to the House.
I call the shadow Home Secretary.
I thank the Home Secretary for advance sight of her statement.
The Government have now been in office for well over a year, and I think it is fair to say that not even their kindest friends would say they think it has gone well, but listening to her statement, it sounds like she thinks everything is fine and that if there are any problems, it is somehow somebody else’s fault.
Is she living in a parallel universe?
After over a year in office, she must now take responsibility for what is happening under this Government.
It was interesting to note that, during her statement, she did not mention her favourite phrase from a year or so ago—namely, that she was going to “smash the gangs.”
I wonder why she was so silent on her previously favourite catchphrase.
The answer is that it is not going very well.
She mentioned National Crime Agency disruptions.
Let me gently point out that 84% of those National Crime Agency disruptions that she cited a few minutes ago are classified as not being high impact, and National Crime Agency arrests for organised immigration crime actually went down by 16% in the last financial year.
That is hardly smashing the gangs.
In fact, the NCA’s arrests for organised immigration crime in that financial year were only 26—a drop in the ocean compared with the tens of thousands crossing the channel.
It was also rather conspicuous that the Home Secretary did not mention even a word about the numbers illegally crossing the English channel.
I wonder why that was.
I wonder why she forgot to say a single word about that.
The reason, I am afraid, is pretty clear.
Far from smashing the gangs, so far this year, 29,000—to be precise, 29,003—illegal immigrants have crossed the English channel.
That is the worst year in history, and it is up by 38% compared with last year.
That is not success; it is failure.
Things are not getting any better; they are getting worse.
This Government are failing and everyone can see it.
That is why there are protests up and down the country, and  where those protests are peaceful, I support them.
That is why 75% of the public think the Government are handling immigration and asylum badly.
That is a shocking figure; let it sink in.
Let me turn to hotels.
In the nine months before the last general election, 200 hotels were closed down, including the Bell hotel in Epping, but since the election the numbers in asylum hotels have actually gone up by 8%.