Hundreds of migrants, having crossed the channel and living in those hotels, have been charged with criminal offences, including sexual assaults on girls as young as eight years old and multiple rapes.
This is not just a border security crisis; it is a public safety crisis as well, and people up and down this country are furious.
That is why they are protesting, and that is why 75% of the public think this Government are failing on asylum and immigration.
If this Government were serious about fixing this problem, they would know that little tweaks here and there are not enough.
Tweaks to article 8 are not going to be enough.
Tweaking the family reunion rules is not enough.
Returning maybe 50 people a week, if we are lucky, to France is not going to be enough.
Intercepting maybe a few boats—worthy though that is—is not going to be enough.
The only way these crossings will stop—the only way we are going to get back control of our borders—is if everybody crossing the channel knows that they will be returned.
We tabled a Bill in Parliament a few weeks ago to do that.
We had a plan to do that: the Rwanda Bill.
We need to go further by disapplying to immigration matters the entire Human Rights Act 1998, not just tinkering with article 8.
If the Government were serious, that is what they would do.
If the Home Secretary really wants to control our borders, and if she really wants to get down the record numbers that have been crossing on her watch, she would back our plan, disapply the Human Rights Act in its entirety to immigration matters, and ensure that every single person crossing the channel is immediately removed.
I worry about the shadow Home Secretary’s amnesia.
In the 14 years that the Conservatives were in government, they never managed to do any of the fantasy things that he claims they did.
Let us come back to reality from his fantasy rhetoric.
The shadow Home Secretary talked about the approach that his Government were taking before the election.
It is worth reminding the House of what that approach was.
Asylum decisions dropped by 70%.
The Conservatives effectively had a freeze on taking asylum decisions, and they were returning those asylum seekers nowhere—not to France, not to the safe countries that people had passed through, and not to Rwanda, despite running that scheme for over two years with only four volunteers going at a cost of £700 million.
Their approach left us with a soaring backlog.
Had we continued with that totally failed approach—not taking asylum decisions, not returning people anywhere—there would have been tens of thousands more people in asylum accommodation and hotels across the country right now.
That is the kind of chaos that his policies were heading towards.
It is the kind of chaos that he is promising again now.
The House will remember the shadow Home Secretary’s personal record.
Small boat arrivals went up tenfold on his watch as immigration Minister.
Fewer than 1,000 asylum seekers were in hotels by the time he became immigration Minister, but there were more than 20,000 by the time he left his post.
On his new concern for local councils, he was the immigration Minister who wrote to local authorities to tell them that he was stopping the requirement on them to agree to accommodation and that he had
“instead, authorised Providers to identify any suitable properties that they consider appropriate.”
We agree with communities across the country that asylum hotels must all close, and I understand why individual councils want to take action in their areas, but I say to the shadow Home Secretary that a party that wants to be in government should have a proper plan for the whole country, and not just promote a chaotic approach that ends up making things worse in lots of areas.
That is the Conservatives’ record.