What representations will the Secretary of State make to the Chancellor ahead of the Budget to ensure that more damage is not done?
The Labour party believes that everybody who can work must work.
The hon.
Gentleman should look at his own party’s record: progress on the disability employment gap and the lone parent employment rate stalled under its watch, and economic inactivity rose.
We are the only country in the G7 whose employment rate has not got back to pre-pandemic levels.
We are overhauling our employment system to help more people into work, and to get on in work.
I am proud of our record; maybe he should look at his own.
Tackling poverty should be a key priority of any Government who wish to see their people thrive.
The Equality Act 2010 includes a socioeconomic duty on all public bodies to address inequalities “when making strategic decisions”.
When will that duty be enacted in England?
My hon.
Friend raises a really important point.
Throughout its work, the DWP is already looking at how to narrow the gaps between different parts of the country and different groups of people.
We have set our jobcentres and employment systems new targets for reducing those gaps, and we are taking cross-Government action to tackle child poverty.
We have achieved a lot.
There is a lot more to do, but this Government, unlike Opposition Members, have made tackling poverty an absolute priority.
Our child poverty strategy is coming out in the autumn, so I ask hon.
Members to watch this space.
What estimate she has made of the number of 16 to 24-year-olds receiving universal credit.
The latest provisional statistics, taken from Stat-Xplore, show that in July 2025, there were 768,000 people aged 16 to 24 on universal credit.
About a quarter of those young people—around 180,000—are on universal credit and in work.
According to the Library, in my constituency, the claimant count among those aged 16 to 24 has risen by 46%; that is one of the largest percentage increases in the country.
Conservative Members know that the Government have a moral duty not to let our young people learn that a life of benefits is the life for them, so how does the Minister explain that increase?
What will she do?
I must remind Conservative Members again that it was their party that introduced universal credit, removing the distinction between out-of-work benefits and in-work benefits.
For three quarters of young people who are out of work and on universal credit, our guarantee for young people will make sure that they get a second chance in life, after they were utterly failed during the pandemic by the Conservative party.
What steps she is taking to improve data sharing between her Department and local authorities.
The Department continues to provide a broad range of data to local authorities to enable fast, accurate assessments for services, including blue badges and free school meals.
Looking ahead, the Department is committed to expanding real-time data sharing in critical areas, such as housing benefit and care homes, while also testing innovative models such as the WorkWell scheme, which bring together local and central services to deliver more joined-up support for citizens.
In Warrington South, too many children entitled to free school meals are missing out because of avoidable administrative barriers.
No child should have to sit in a classroom hungry; every child deserves a full stomach and a fair chance.
A simple change would make a big difference and ensure that every eligible child got the support that they are entitled to.
It would ease pressure on families, help to reduce child poverty, and give schools confidence that pupils are ready to learn.
Will the Minister commit to strengthening data sharing with not only local authorities, but the Department for Education, so that automatic enrolment for free school meals can be introduced?
My hon.
Friend is entirely right to raise this issue.