We need to tailor employment support to the needs of individuals, so alongside measures like our youth guarantee, we are overhauling our jobcentres to provide that more personalised support and introducing measures such as mobile jobcentres to provide better help in rural areas.
What steps she is taking to support young people into employment, education or training in Barrow and Furness constituency.
Given the significant investment, the DWP has partnered with BAE and the nuclear sector to promote a variety of career pathways, including roles across its supply chains.
We are also working within BAE’s new “The Bridge” hub in Barrow—a collaborative space offering employment advice and support from BAE Systems and a range of local employers and organisations to connect talent with locally based jobs.
Further, in Barrow, our youth hub is run in partnership with Brathay Trust and Project John, supporting young people holistically to meet employers and develop their talents.
I have been impressed by the work being done in Drop Zone in my constituency.
It runs a variety of projects for young people, including specialised education for those with additional needs, mental health support, and support for the transition back into education, employment and training.
But young people in Barrow and Furness still face difficult challenges from a long legacy of underfunding.
The youth trailblazer scheme is already making a difference in some constituencies after just a few months.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how we can tailor the scheme to specifically target young people in Barrow and Furness?
Barrow has unique circumstances, challenges and opportunities, and it is important that all parts of the Government address those unique opportunities and challenges in Barrow.
I would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend to further discuss what we are already doing and what more we can go on to do to ensure that young people in Barrow have the best possible chance in life.
What estimate she has made of the level of spending on health and disability benefits by 2030.
The Office for Budget Responsibility forecast in March that incapacity and disability benefits  spending would be £90.7 billion in 2029-30.
That figure will be updated at the Budget.
Better employment support and removing perverse work incentives in universal credit are the key to getting more people into work.
Just two months ago, the Secretary of State was left humiliated after being forced to significantly water down her botched welfare Bill.
If the Government had pressed ahead with the Bill as originally drafted, how much less would taxpayers be spending on benefits by 2030?
As I have said, the OBR will update its forecast at the time of the Budget.
We inherited a terrible situation, with record numbers of economically inactive people.
Economic inactivity is down since the election, and employment is up.
Those developments have been encouraging, but our reforms will go much further.
The £3.8 billion that we are investing in employment support for people out of work on health and disability grounds—the biggest package ever—will be key.
Does the Minister agree that we must invest in community mental health services if we are to reduce spending on mental health disability?
I very much welcome the NHS 10-year plan published by our right hon.
Friend the Health Secretary, which gives a new priority and commitment to mental health support.
I agree with my hon.
Friend that that is an important part of tackling the problems that we need to resolve.
I call the shadow Minister.
It is good to see the Minister back after the break, but I am sorry to hear that there are still no plans to reduce spending on personal independence payments.
He has said that he is collaborating with people who would not be working with him on his review if there were to be any reductions in the levels of benefit or eligibility.