I am grateful to the Home Secretary, as always, for advance sight of her statement.
Anyone with any sense knows that the Conservatives trashed our asylum system and left the backlog spiralling out of control, with applications for asylum routinely  taking years to process.
Some of the Home Secretary’s remarks are welcome, but I worry that this Government risk repeating some of the same mistakes.
The Liberal Democrats will closely scrutinise the plan that the Home Secretary has talked about today, but given that the Home Office itself says that one of the reasons that those human beings seeking asylum make dangerous small-boat crossings is the lack of safe, alternative family reunion routes, cutting those back further seems counterproductive, especially when more than half of those granted family reunion visas in the year ending June 2025 were children under 18.
It is right that the Government have increased the rate of decisions made—those with no right to be here should be sent back swiftly, and those who have a valid claim should be able to settle, work, integrate and contribute to our communities.
The backlog is still too large, however, and initial application decisions still take too long.
As the Home Secretary stated, a significant share of the backlog comes from appeals.
According to the Government’s own figures, in 2024 almost half of rejected asylum applications were overturned on appeal.
For applicants from high-grant countries, that proportion was even higher.
I would welcome clarity from the Home Secretary on how long it is currently taking to process the average asylum application, and on what concrete steps are being taken to ensure not only that cases are processed more swiftly, but that decisions are right the first time, so that applicants are not left in limbo, the courts are not overburdened and taxpayers are not footing the bill for avoidable delays.
I welcome the Home Secretary’s encouraging comments about the reciprocal agreement with France.
Can she confirm whether the Government plan for that to be scaled up and, if so, when?
Given that one of the main drivers of dangerous channel crossings is the absence of safe, legal family reunion routes, does the Home Secretary agree that cutting family reunion rules risks making the small-boat crisis worse, not better?
The Home Secretary rightly also mentioned the impact on local authorities.
When individuals leave hotels, many present as homeless, creating an unsustainable burden on councils, including my own.
Will the Home Secretary explain how she is working with the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government to support councils and ensure that this crisis is not simply shifted from one overstretched system to another?
In recent weeks, constituents have been in touch with me as they are concerned about the number of flags that have gone up on lampposts around our area.
They worry that the flags have been put up by those who seek to divide our community, not bring it together.
Patriotism is a good thing.
We should be proud of our country.
We should be proud that our country welcomed people such as my nan in the 1930s, when she was fleeing the Nazis.
We should be proud of our record of doing our bit.
We should be proud of the British values I see in action across my community every day.
I am proud of those police officers who kept everyone safe during the protests at two hotels in my constituency over the summer; proud of those teachers and pupils who welcome new classmates when they have been placed in one of the hotels; and really proud of those   who volunteer their time to support new arrivals, whether through local churches or other voluntary groups and charities—because that is what patriotism looks like.
I thank the hon.
Lady for her remarks and questions.