That is why we have been running the biggest ever pension credit take-up campaign.
We plan to continue promotional activity from September  through to the end of this financial year, with the focus not just on eligible pensioners but on their friends and family too.
Earlier this year, a constituent of mine in Edinburgh West contacted me about the delay she had faced in getting the pension credit she was entitled to.
She applied in September last year and was told that she would receive it in November, but it was March before she got her pension credit awarded.
The delay meant that she went without extra support just when she lost her winter fuel allowance, so what steps will the Minister take to cut those delays and stop more vulnerable pensioners from being left cold this winter?
I hope the hon.
Member will write to me with the details of the case she raised.
On the more general picture, I can reassure her that we now have a lower backlog of pension credit cases to be processed than we inherited from the last Government, despite the record number of claims that have come through.
Boots has been a significant employer in my constituency since 1927, and many of my constituents have been proud to work for it.
However, those close to claiming their pensions have been advised that they will be unable to withdraw their pension at an unreduced rate at the age of 60, contrary to what they were led to believe.
Does the Minister recognise the frustration that many of the Boots pensioners feel, and does he agree that the Pensions Ombudsman should progress swiftly with its process?
My hon.
Friend has raised this matter with me before, and the one thing I can confirm is that she is a powerful advocate for her constituents on this very important issue for them.
As she knows, I cannot comment on individual cases—particularly as the matter is now with the Pensions Ombudsman—but more generally, it is important that promises made to pensioners about their pensions are lived up to.
Making sure that happens is exactly why the Pensions Ombudsman exists.
I call the shadow Minister.
Thanks to our Conservative winter fuel payments campaign, thousands of pensioners have signed up to pension credit, and millions more pensioners will receive winter fuel allowance, now that the Labour party has admitted that its policy on winter fuel payments was wrong.
However, the Social Security Advisory Committee recently concluded that the Government’s winter fuel plans fall short of delivering their objectives of fairness, administrative simplicity and targeted support.
It seems that the Government have prioritised civil service bureaucracy over helping frozen pensioners.
Does the Minister agree with the Social Security Advisory Committee’s conclusion about their policies?
I thank the hon.
Member for his question, and I congratulate Members on all sides of this House who have run campaigns to drive up pension credit uptake.
That is very important, and it is why we have seen 60,000 extra awards over the course of the year to   July 2025 compared with the previous year.
That work, which is very welcome, has been done by not just Members but civil society organisations and local authorities.
On the points that the hon.
Member raised about the process for winter fuel payments this winter and going forward, I do not agree with the characterisation he chose to present.
Particularly on the tax side, the process will be automatic.
Nobody will be brought into tax or self-assessment purely because of that change; the vast majority of people will have their winter fuel payments automatically recouped through the pay-as-you-earn system; and anyone who wants to can opt out.
I remind Members that the deadline for that is  15 September .
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Around a year ago, the Labour Government inherited from the previous Conservative Government around 3 million pensioners in poverty.