If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Let me start by congratulating all the pupils who have received their exam results over the last few weeks.
Having good qualifications is essential in today’s economy, and it is brilliant to see so many young people doing so well.
However, the number of young people not in education, employment or training is one of the biggest challenges facing the country, and young people are much more likely to be NEETs if they lack basic skills.
That is why I am so proud of the action that the Government are taking to increase the number of youth apprenticeships, overhaul foundation apprenticeships and, above all, introduce a youth guarantee so that every young person is earning or learning.
I hope you had a lovely recess, Mr Speaker.
Harlow is full of fantastic schools, and I see the potential of young people there every single day, but that potential is often overlooked because of economic circumstances.
Will the Secretary of State explain how the new crisis and resilience fund will support the poorest children in Harlow?
In the spending review we announced this first ever multi-year settlement for local support, replacing the household support fund.
The crisis and resilience fund will provide £1 billion every single year, and will give families emergency help if, for example, their white goods break down or they need food urgently.
However, we want to start shifting it increasingly towards tackling the root causes of poverty, helping people to become more financially resilient through the provision of debt advice.
We recently held a meeting with more than 600 stakeholders to discuss how we could achieve that shift, because we want to prevent people from falling into poverty and to give them the tools that they need to emerge from poverty themselves.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
I welcome the right hon.
Lady back after the summer.
She said recently that it had been “a bumpy…few months”—an understatement, in my view.
Last time we stood here, she had just completed a rather humiliating climbdown on her welfare savings plans.
She set out to save money, but ended up spending it.
You couldn’t make it up, Mr Speaker, but here we are: the number of benefit claimants has hit a record high; the sickness benefit bill is heading up and up; and still the right hon.
Lady has Back Benchers and Cabinet colleagues calling for even more spending on welfare.
The Chancellor is busy doing her sums in advance of the Budget, so can the right hon.
Lady tell us how much lifting the two-child benefits cap will cost?
I am not often called understated, but I thank the hon.
Lady for her comments.
Welfare reform is always difficult because it involves real people and real lives, and it is a complicated and personal issue.
However, we are investing £3.8 billion in employment support to help sick and disabled people into work, we are introducing the first ever right to try work, and we are dealing fundamentally with the perverse incentive left by the Conservative party which encouraged people to define themselves as incapable of work.
We are  addressing that by raising the standard allowance of universal credit and halving the health top-up for new claims.
There is much more that we need to do, and we will be publishing our strategy to deal with child poverty in the autumn, but I am proud to say that the last Labour Government lifted 600,000 children out of poverty, while the hon.
Lady’s party plunged 900,000 children into poverty.
We will take action, and, as I said earlier, the hon.
Lady should watch this space.
I asked the right hon.
Lady a simple question, but I fear that she does not know the answer; she certainly did not reply to it.
What is clear is that Labour wants to spend more on welfare.