There may have been instances in the past where the published guidance was not always properly applied.
It is being applied now, and that may give rise to some of the issues that have been drawn to his attention, but there has been no change at all in the policy.
I warmly commend the locally led £100 million Connect to Work programme, which supports those facing complex barriers to employment to get into work and to stay in work.
A constituent of mine, Charlie, has explained to me some of the barriers to work that he experiences living with autism spectrum disorder and ADHD, but he is a dedicated and focused young man who is to be commended for wanting to be a useful member of society.
What support will Connect to Work, and other schemes like it, offer Charlie and other constituents of mine in Dartford?
We want to give people like Charlie the chances and choices in life that he deserves.
Our Connect to Work programme will do everything from helping people access health treatment to providing work placements and building their confidence through training, skills—whatever meets their individual needs.
That is the key to this: an end to a one-size-fits-all tick-box approach, and tailored support for him.
We are also working closely with employers so that they remove the barriers to work and can employ people with all the skills and talent that people like Charlie have.
One of the main benefits of saving into a private pension is the tax relief that people get from the Government, which is one of the smartest ways to save for later life.
Any move by this Government to cut pension tax relief will devastate savings rates and the adequacy of pension provisions.
I would hope that the Secretary of State knows that, so can she assure me that she has made it clear that when the Chancellor is looking to fill the fiscal black hole of her own making, she must not target pensions?
The hon.
Lady only had to wait till next week’s Treasury questions, when she could have asked her question, but she has the same answer.
What we should do is look at the record of parties and what they have done.
When I look back over the last 14 years of Tory Budgets, I see a party—[Interruption.]
And the Lib Dems; thank you for pointing that out.
I have seen  parties chopping and changing pension tax relief left, right and centre, because they had no plan.
Those were the same Budgets that drove child poverty up and wages down.
It is great to be back after taking paternity leave, and thank you for your support, Mr Speaker.
I welcome the Government’s parental leave review, but currently partners only get unpaid time off work for two antenatal appointments.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that this is a gap, and can he confirm that the review is looking at how we can better support parents at that crucial time?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on the recent addition to his family.
I hope he had a restful summer, although I doubt he did considering the likely lack of sleep.
He is right to raise this issue.
It is now past the date for the call for evidence, but if he wants to write to me directly about that issue, I will ensure it is fed in.
Cruel cuts to the winter fuel allowance by both this Labour Government and the SNP Government in Edinburgh left thousands of pensioners cold in their homes last winter.
When will the Secretary of State apologise for the misery her Government have caused for vulnerable pensioners in the Scottish Borders and across the United Kingdom?
I thank the hon.
Member for his question.
We discussed this issue at some length in the statement before the recess.