That is a shocking figure; let it sink in.
Let me turn to hotels.
In the nine months before the last general election, 200 hotels were closed down, including the Bell hotel in Epping, but since the election the numbers in asylum hotels have actually gone up by 8%.
Had that previous trend of closures continued, there would be no asylum hotels open at all today.
I ask the Home Secretary to confirm that she will not reduce hotel usage simply by shunting asylum seekers from hotels into flats and houses in multiple occupation, which are desperately needed by young people.
Will she give the House that categoric assurance?
Last week the Home Secretary’s lawyers said that the rights of illegal immigrants were more important than the rights of local people in places such as Epping.
When this was expressly put in those terms to the Education Secretary yesterday on “Sunday Morning with Trevor Phillips”, she shamefully agreed.
Those statements are a disgrace.
Does the Home Secretary realise how angry that makes people feel?
It speaks of a Government not on the side of the people in this country.
It means the Government appear to care more about the rights of illegal immigrants than our own citizens.
Will she apologise for what her lawyers and the Education Secretary said, and will she undertake to ensure that Ministers and their lawyers will never say that again?
The Home Secretary talks about her returns deal with France.
It has been reported that the deal will return only about 50 people a week, amounting to 6% of arrivals.
Does she accept that allowing 94% of illegal arrivals to stay will act as no deterrent at all?
If she does not accept that figure of 50 a week, will she tell the House exactly how many immigrants crossing the channel will in fact be returned under her deal?
She may recall that back in July we were told by the Government that the first returns would happen “within weeks”.
Will she confirm to the House that the number that has actually been returned so far is precisely zero?
The Home Secretary said to the House a couple of minutes ago that there would be security checks on those people reciprocally taken from France into the UK, but will she confirm that her agreement with France says expressly that the French Government will not provide the UK Government with any information at all—any personal data about those migrants—so if there are criminal convictions or suspicions about extremism or terrorism, the French Government will not provide information to us?
If that is true, as her agreement says, how can she possibly conduct security checks?
The Home Secretary talked about tweaks to family visa rules.
Let me be clear about the Opposition’s position on this.
If someone enters this country illegally, they should not be allowed to bring in any family members.
In fact, everybody entering this country illegally should be immediately removed, to their country of origin if possible, and if that is not possible, to a safe third country such as Rwanda—a scheme which she cancelled just days before it was due to start.
The public expect that approach—an approach which she cancelled—because the numbers crossing the channel so far this year have been the worst ever; the worst in history.
It is not just that the numbers are high.
Hundreds of migrants, having crossed the channel and living in those hotels, have been charged with criminal offences, including sexual assaults on girls as young as eight years old and multiple rapes.
This is not just a border security crisis; it is a public safety crisis as well, and people up and down this country are furious.
That is why they are protesting, and that is why 75% of the public think this Government are failing on asylum and immigration.