We will absolutely do that.
The child poverty taskforce, which includes Ministers from across Government, had a specific session on children with disabilities and special educational needs, including with families and the charities that fight so hard to deliver improvements.
I am not a patient person, but I ask my hon.
Friend to wait until the child poverty strategy is published in the autumn, because we believe that every child—no matter where they are born or their ability or what their parents did—must be given an equal start in life.
What steps she is taking to increase levels of employment through the trailblazer programme to tackle economic activity.
This Government are determined to get Britain working again.
That is why we are investing £80 million in our trailblazer programmes to drive down economic inactivity.
We are overhauling our job centres to provide better, more personalised employment support.
We are delivering a youth guarantee, so that every young person is earning or learning, and we are providing a record £3.8 billion to help sick and disabled people who can work to get into work.
There is much further to go, but we are already making a difference.
I thank the Secretary of State for that response.
A lot of disabled people in Swindon with long-term health conditions tell me that they want to get to work, but are just simply not given the opportunity.
What are this Government doing to support those people to get dignified work?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question, because he raises an important point that I do not want to let go, which is how many people with a long-term health condition or a disability are desperate to work.
Our own survey of people on sickness and disability benefits found that 200,000 people would work right now if they were given an opportunity.
We need to give people help to tackle their underlying health conditions, which we are doing through our investment in the NHS.
We need to encourage employers to do more to give opportunities to disabled people to work.
Above all, this Government are determined to meet our responsibilities, with £3.8 billion invested into employment support for sick and disabled people—the biggest amount in a generation.
I look forward to working with him and organisations in Swindon to make sure we get that support right locally.
Does the Secretary of State accept that the reason that unemployment is higher today than the day she took office is the jobs tax, which increases employers’ costs by £25 billion?
What hope does her trailblazer programme have when the Chancellor is working against her?
I fundamentally disagree with the hon.
Gentleman’s premise.
Economic inactivity is down by 400,000 because we are moving more people from being out of work and not looking for work to starting to have to look for work.
Employment is up by 725,000.
We have created 380,000 jobs.
I know there is more we need to do.
We are working very closely with employers.
We are overhauling what we are doing.
One of the things that employers say to us is, “We do not want to tell our story to thousands of different job centres.”
We are putting in a single account manager and we are overhauling our support for employers.
I would be happy to meet him and employers in his constituency to see what more we can do to support them, because we want to get Britain working and earning again.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Let me start by congratulating all the pupils who have received their exam results over the last few weeks.
Having good qualifications is essential in today’s economy, and it is brilliant to see so many young people doing so well.