On his new concern for local councils, he was the immigration Minister who wrote to local authorities to tell them that he was stopping the requirement on them to agree to accommodation and that he had
“instead, authorised Providers to identify any suitable properties that they consider appropriate.”
We agree with communities across the country that asylum hotels must all close, and I understand why individual councils want to take action in their areas, but I say to the shadow Home Secretary that a party that wants to be in government should have a proper plan for the whole country, and not just promote a chaotic approach that ends up making things worse in lots of areas.
That is the Conservatives’ record.
We have asylum hotels in the first place because the Conservatives did no planning and let the Manston chaos get out of control.
As immigration Ministers, both the shadow Justice Secretary,  the right hon.
Member for Newark (Robert Jenrick) , and the shadow Home Secretary rushed around the country opening hotels instead of taking a practical, steady approach to get to the heart of the problem, reduce the asylum system, strengthen our border security and tackle and reform the appeals that are causing huge delays.
Let me make a final point.
The Government strongly believe that sex offenders should be banned from the asylum system altogether.
That is why we have put those details into the Border Security, Asylum and Immigration Bill, which the shadow Home Secretary’s party has voted against time and again and is still resisting in the House of Lords.
If Opposition parties supported and worked with us, that law could be on the statute book and we could have stronger powers against sex offenders, stronger counter-terrorism powers to go after criminal gangs, and stronger powers to tackle the offences being committed in the channel and across the country.
The trouble is that what the Conservatives are doing in opposition is an even worse version of what they did in government: ramping up the rhetoric with policies that would make the chaos worse.
This Government will fix the chaos that we inherited and strengthen our border security for the sake of the whole country.
I thank the Home Secretary for everything that she has revealed today—it will make a difference.
As we move from hotels into community distribution, how can we ensure sufficient vetting and transparency in asylum dispersal—especially for groups known to be high risk—in order to safeguard our residents, restore faith among our communities and prevent the threat of disorder such as that seen in Nuneaton this summer?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
Anyone who comes to our country needs to abide by our laws.
The rules need to be enforced.
We also believe that new partnership and stronger measures are needed between policing and immigration enforcement and the Home Office to ensure that there are proper public safety plans for the asylum estate.
We are drawing up new arrangements, including not only stronger checks at the border but stronger arrangements in local communities.
I recognise the important point that she makes.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I am grateful to the Home Secretary, as always, for advance sight of her statement.
Anyone with any sense knows that the Conservatives trashed our asylum system and left the backlog spiralling out of control, with applications for asylum routinely  taking years to process.
Some of the Home Secretary’s remarks are welcome, but I worry that this Government risk repeating some of the same mistakes.