After visiting businesses in Newport East this summer, I know that there is a high demand for companies—including Thames Valley Construction, which I visited—to train more  construction workers locally, and I was pleased to see the Government make the announcement in the summer on training 40,000 more people.
Can Ministers tell me what conversations they are having with the Welsh Government on working together to do this?
We will not build the much-needed 1.5 million homes without bringing people into the construction sector.
That is why, as part of our new approach for employers, we have partnered with the construction sector and set up specific schemes with them.
We are also talking directly across Whitehall with other Government Departments and with the sector about moving people into great jobs in construction.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
It is good to see you back after the summer recess.
The hon.
Lady can fling around the stats all she likes, but the facts are clear and bleak.
Under her watch, youth unemployment has gone up; nearly a million young people, and rising, are not in work or education, including over 40,000 more young women.
A generation of brilliant young people are going on to benefits, rather than into work.
The Government’s jobs tax and their unemployment rights Bill were guaranteed to reduce opportunities for young people.
We have had the winter fuel U-turn and the welfare U-turn; why not a U-turn to help young people?
The damage was done to the coming generation under the Tories.
We failed the pandemic generation, who put a shift in—they stayed at home and gave up their social lives to save older loved ones.
I could talk at length about our youth guarantee, our trailblazers and the work we are doing to expand youth hubs, but actually, it sticks in my craw to hear the Conservatives, who failed this generation, harp on about it from that Dispatch Box.
What steps she is taking to support young people into training in Hexham constituency.
This Labour Government believe that every young person should be able to fulfil their potential.
Unlike Conservative Members, we will not stand by while almost 1 million young people are not in education, employment or training.
Our Get Britain Working trailblazer in the north-east is already helping young and neurodivergent people with supported work and training placements, including in Hexham.
The local jobcentre is also working with Newcastle United Foundation to help young people build their confidence and develop their skills so that they and our country can look forward to a brighter future.
For too long, previous Governments did not take into account the realities of life in communities across my constituency, which is incredibly sparsely populated and quite rural.
The youth guarantee can and will make a considerable difference in communities  all across it, from the Tyne Valley all the way out to the north Tyne and into Callerton and Throckley, too.
Will the Secretary of State work with me to ensure that we continue to support young people in all those different, disparate communities to access the skills and opportunities they deserve?
My hon.
Friend is right that people have different needs in different parts of the country.
We need to tailor employment support to the needs of individuals, so alongside measures like our youth guarantee, we are overhauling our jobcentres to provide that more personalised support and introducing measures such as mobile jobcentres to provide better help in rural areas.
What steps she is taking to support young people into employment, education or training in Barrow and Furness constituency.
Given the significant investment, the DWP has partnered with BAE and the nuclear sector to promote a variety of career pathways, including roles across its supply chains.