The team have launched a bespoke employability workshop designed for young people, and recently delivered a regional work experience pilot for college students.
They also work with our great partners, such as the King’s Trust and FirstPoint Training, to provide placements and opportunities, and there is also the employer-led Movement to Work programme.
Young people across the UK who are not in education, employment or training are more than twice as likely to come from disadvantaged backgrounds.
What steps is the Minister taking to ensure that support reaches those who need it most?
The Secretary of State mentioned some moments ago that in everything we do in the Department for Work and Pensions, we are trying to close the gap between those who have suffered disadvantage and those who have not.
Young people, especially those who have experienced poverty, are vulnerable to mental ill health, and the pandemic generation deserve more support to get chances that they have missed.
That is why we have a joint work and health unit with the Department of Health and Social Care.
We also have many agreements across Whitehall relating to our net zero mission, as well as our investment in defence, to help employers recruit the next generation, whatever their background.
In Southend West and Leigh, I will soon host a youth day, featuring local star of “The Apprentice” Chisola Chitambala, who is now  an apprenticeship coach, among other things.
Does the Minister agree that early interventions, like this youth day, are really important to prevent young people from becoming another NEET statistic?
I agree with my hon.
Friend, and congratulate him on his youth day and the work he is doing on this kind of early intervention.
The data clearly show that if people get qualifications, some work experience, and support for their health and support with other factors in life, that is very protective against being without work, education or training.
We have to give a second chance to those who need one, and take steps to prevent people from being in that situation in the first place.
What steps she is taking to reduce the number of children in poverty in Leigh and Atherton constituency.
It is a shameful legacy from the Conservatives that more than a third of children in my hon.
Friend’s constituency are living in poverty according to the Child Poverty Action Group, and we are determined to tackle that.
We will be lifting more than 100,000 children out of poverty by providing free school meals to all children whose families are on universal credit, benefiting more than 7,300 children in Leigh and Atherton.
We will also be helping to feed them during the summer holidays by extending the holiday activities and food programme, alongside our fair repayment rate in universal credit and our crisis and resilience fund.
We are helping struggling families.
There is much more we will do in our child poverty strategy this autumn, but we can and we are making a difference.
I thank the Secretary of State wholeheartedly for that response, and I agree with her.
Because of the lack of action from the last Government, 26.6% of children in Leigh and Atherton are living in poverty.
I welcome the measures that this Government are taking, including the extension of free school meals, but more needs to be done.
Can she reassure us that she is working hard on the child poverty strategy to ensure that it addresses the needs of all children in poverty, including those with disabilities and special educational needs, so that every child can reach their full potential?
We will absolutely do that.
The child poverty taskforce, which includes Ministers from across Government, had a specific session on children with disabilities and special educational needs, including with families and the charities that fight so hard to deliver improvements.
I am not a patient person, but I ask my hon.