We now come to the first statement.
I am sure there must be something left to say.
A happy new year to you, Mr Speaker, and to everyone across the House.
With your permission, I will give an update on health and adult social care reform.
I start by paying tribute to the NHS and social care staff who worked throughout the Christmas break, including by staffing our hospitals, ambulance services, care homes and call centres on Christmas day and throughout the new year.
From visiting hospitals and residential care homes in the south-west of England, Essex, London, South Yorkshire and the north-west over the past two weeks, I know the extent of the pressures they are dealing with.
They are going above and beyond to keep the NHS standing, to provide people with the social care they need and to give patients and care users the best care they possibly can against the most challenging backdrop.
We have seen more than three times as many patients hospitalised with flu this winter compared with last year, in a service with no slack left to give.
Since coming into office, the Government have been doing everything we can to prepare the NHS for winter, including by ending the resident doctors’ strikes.
This is the first winter in three years when staff are on the frontline, not the picket line.
The Chancellor made an additional £1.8 billion available in-year to fill the black hole left by the previous Government, and we introduced the new respiratory syncytial virus vaccine to protect more than 1.2 million people against the virus.
But I am not going to pretend for a second that the experience of patients this winter is acceptable.
The Government have been honest about the state of the NHS since the election, and we will continue to be.
The NHS is broken but not beaten.
It will take time to fix, but it can be done.
That is why the Chancellor made an additional £1.8 billion available in-year to fill the black hole left by the previous Government and to enable us to deliver on our first steps to cut NHS waiting times.
That is why we are undertaking fundamental reform, and it is why we are acting on social care.
These are the honest facts.
The social care system in this country is failing, leaving hundreds of thousands of disabled and elderly people without the care they need.
The failure of social care is piling enormous pressures on the NHS.
In November, more than 12,400 hospital patients a day were well enough to leave but had to stay overnight because they were not able to be discharged.
We have an ageing society: by 2050, there will be 4 million more people aged 65 and over in England.
If we do nothing, social care costs are expected to double over two decades.
Of course, there is plenty of blame to go around.
In 2009, when Andy Burnham established cross-party talks on social care, the Conservatives pulled out and leaked details of the talks to attack Labour.
In 2017, it was Labour who torpedoed Theresa May’s proposals.
And in 2022,  the right hon.
Member for Richmond and Northallerton (Rishi Sunak)  as Chancellor delayed Boris Johnson’s  cap on care costs, and then defunded them as Prime Minister.
There has not been a shortage of good ideas in the past 15 years, but a lack of good politics.
It is time all of us across the House do things differently.
I have written to my opposite numbers and the leaders of all UK-wide parties represented in the House to invite them to help break out of the cycle of political failure.
I hope all of us across the House will put aside our ideological and partisan differences, and work together on this, to finally find a way through to a long-term plan that can build the broad consensus we need.