The Government have said that part of their inspiration for the Armed Forces Commissioner was such a role in Germany, yet Germany has a parliamentary armed forces commissioner.
Why is there that difference and why, in line with what the Minister said in an earlier answer, can we trust the independence of this new appointment?
The right hon.
Gentleman is right that the German armed forces commissioner is part of the inspiration for the role.
Dr Eva Högl is a superb example of how we can scrutinise and champion the armed forces and provide solutions and a voice to those who serve.
She sits effectively as a Member of Parliament in the German Parliament, which we did not feel was appropriate for the UK Armed Forces Commissioner, but the independence and the way she has pioneered much of that work in recent years is a real inspiration to  us.
We hope that such a workable example from a key NATO ally—people can raise issues with her and shine a spotlight on those issues to improve service welfare matters and as a result improve morale and the operational effectiveness of the armed forces—will give strength to the independence of the role.
I call the shadow Minister.
During debates on the Bill in Committee I raised the worrying issue that under the Treasury’s proposed inheritance tax changes, service personnel who are unmarried but in a long-term relationship could have their partner’s service benefit taxed should they die while in service.
The Forces Pension Society has rightly highlighted that that would be totally contrary to the spirit of the armed forces covenant.
Has the Minister yet raised this with the Treasury, as we strongly suggested last month he should, and if so what progress has been made?
As the right hon.
Gentleman will recall from the Bill Committee, which in parliamentary sitting days was only a few days ago, we are raising issues around a number of things, including the one he raises.
It is subject to a consultation, as he knows, so a decision has not been made.
It is a responsibility for the Treasury, rather than the Ministry of Defence, but I undertook to write to him, and I will do so.
What steps he is taking to improve housing for military personnel and their families.
What progress he has made on improving military accommodation.
What steps he is taking to improve housing for military personnel and their families.
I thank my hon.
Friends for raising an exceptionally important matter.
The deal to sell off most of our service family accommodation in 1996, then rent it back and upgrade it, is probably one of the worst deals I can think of.
The recent Annington homes deal, supported by those on both sides of the House, was delivered at speed by this Government, and it saves this country and the taxpayer £600,000 a day, or £230 million a year.
It puts us back in the driving seat of owning all our family accommodation.
It allows us to renovate or rebuild as required over the next five to 10 years and long into the future.
In the medium to long term, we have a once-in-a-generation, lifetime opportunity to rebuild all our accommodation.
May I wish a happy new year to you, Mr Speaker, to Members and to constituents in North Somerset?
Morale in our military hit record lows under the last Government, and I am proud that this Government have already delivered the largest pay rise for the forces  in more than 20 years.
Does the Minister agree that this housing deal is the next practical step in the action that this Government are delivering to improve service lives for dedicated personnel?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
I have lived in some of the accommodation and I have seen how bad it is, and this deal will allow us to change that.