I hear what the Minister has said about the strategic defence review, but what assurance can he provide that he will look at our defence spending commitments with sufficient speed to provide good enough defence for our country?
The hon.
Lady is right to raise the capability gaps that this Government inherited from the Government she served in.
The strategic defence review is looking at those capability gaps and at what is needed to protect ourselves and our allies in the future.
When that is set out later in the spring, she will be able to see how we plan to address those gaps, ensuring that we support British industry while also addressing the security challenges that we and our allies face.
As a great supporter of the British-American alliance, I am disappointed to have to ask this question, but, given some of the recent tweets from people associated with the incoming US Administration, what assessment has the Secretary of State made of the UK’s exposure of our defence capabilities, given that there may be some changes in the White House?
The US is the closest ally of this country, and this country is the closest security ally of the US.
That has been for case the decades—it has withstood the ups and downs of the political cycle on both sides of the Atlantic—and we as a Government will work closely with the incoming US Administration.
Defence spend with Northern Ireland small and medium-sized enterprises last year accounted for only £3 million.
What will the Secretary of State and the Minister do to proactively increase that spend with Northern Ireland SMEs?
The hon.
Gentleman makes an important point.
I hope that our defence industrial strategy, in enabling SMEs to access contracts and work for the MOD more easily, will increase that number substantially.
Will the Minister agree to meet me to discuss the figures for the incidence of blood cancers and sarcomas in veterans and current service personnel who have crewed particular military helicopters?
Given the concerns around exposure to exhaust fumes and the importance that we place on safety, the MOD is this month initiating the testing of the exhaust emissions of in-service helicopters to ensure that we are meeting our duty of care for personnel.
Nevertheless, I would also like to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss the issue further.
Following the Christmas day attack on Finnish sea cables, what assessment has the Defence Secretary made of the threat to British interconnectors?
Which individual Minister is ultimately responsible for their security?
The Finnish investigation into what caused the damage to the Estlink 2 cable is continuing, but many analysts conclude that it is likely that the Eagle S was the cause.
That reinforces the case for Operation Nordic Warden, which I confirmed to the House in response to an earlier question.
It is being run from the Northwood standing joint forces headquarters and will cover a number of areas of interest, including areas where we have British undersea cables.
I recently visited HMS Swiftsure at Rosyth in my constituency, a former Royal Navy submarine now being safely and securely dismantled and recycled by Babcock, as a pilot project of the submarine dismantling programme.
Will the Minister provide an update on the programme, which could secure hundreds of jobs in Dunfermline and Dollar by dealing with similar submarines at Rosyth over the coming decades?
My hon.
Friend will be aware that despite the fact we have had nuclear submarines since 1980, we have never dismantled one, so there is a lot of work to be done.
What is happening with Swiftsure is very encouraging and will hopefully provide many jobs in dismantling nuclear submarines.
I hope my hon.
Friend will be happy with that reply.
We now come to the first statement.
I am sure there must be something left to say.
A happy new year to you, Mr Speaker, and to everyone across the House.