I regret the Conservative carping over the Diego Garcia deal.
The negotiations were started by Conservative Ministers, who conducted 11 rounds of negotiations.
The agreement safeguards the effective operation of the joint UK-US base for at least 99 years.
It is supported by US agencies and is welcomed by India, the African Union and the UN Security Council—almost everyone, it seems, except the Conservatives.
First of all, may I wish everybody a happy new year?
Let’s hope for a peaceful one.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps he is taking to increase military support for Ukraine.
This is day 1,049 of Russia’s brutal, illegal, full-scale invasion of Ukraine, and 2025 will be the critical year in the conflict.
My job as Defence Secretary is to put Ukrainians in the strongest possible position on the battlefield and at any negotiating table, so throughout 2025, we will develop UK training, strengthen defence industrial co-operation, increase pressure with allies on Russia, and step up and speed up military aid to Ukraine.
I welcome the recent announcement of £225 million in new military assistance to Ukraine.
Alongside that, we must continue to step up our efforts to pressure Russia.
Following the reported damage to a major undersea cable in the Baltic over Christmas, which Finnish authorities suggest may be linked to a shadow fleet vessel, what further actions is the UK taking alongside European allies to undermine the Russian shadow fleet?
My hon.
Friend is right in general terms: Russian aggression is not simply confined to Ukraine, and we all saw what happened on Christmas day.
We are deeply concerned about the damage and sabotage to undersea cables.
I can confirm to the House that for the first time the joint expeditionary force—the JEF—has activated an advanced UK-led reaction system to track potential threats to undersea infrastructure and to monitor the movements of the Russian shadow fleet.
That will be run out of the standing joint force headquarters at Northwood.
The Secretary of State said that his aim is to ensure that Ukraine is in the “strongest possible position”, but for what?
Does he intend to support Ukraine in commanding her internationally recognised borders or to ensure that the de facto border, which excludes Donbas and Crimea, becomes a more permanent feature?
Quite simply, our job as the UK is to support Ukraine in its fight and, if and when it decides to talk, to support it in any negotiations.
It is the Ukrainians who are fighting; it is the Ukrainians who decide when to start talking; and it is for the Ukrainians to decide on what terms they may start talking.
What steps he is taking to ensure that SMEs are able to participate in AUKUS procurement.
The AUKUS partnership will create new contract opportunities for hundreds of small and medium-sized firms.
It will create 7,000 new jobs both in UK shipyards and across the UK supply chain.
As the Secretary of State knows, under the defence equipment plan about half of MOD expenditure is on equipment, with around 40% of that going overseas.
What impact does the Secretary of State think that the Government’s abolition of business property relief and the massive increase in national insurance will have on UK SMEs’ ability to compete in the defence sector with our AUKUS allies following the previous Government’s signing of that agreement?
It is certainly the case, as the right hon.
Gentleman rightly recognises, that in government the Conservatives were too often largely blind to where British firms were based and to where the contracts that they were ready to award went.
This Government have come into power committed not just to strengthening UK security but to boosting the UK economy.
That means designing, making and buying more in Britain.
What his target date is for increasing defence spending to 2.5% of GDP.
The Government are delivering for defence by increasing defence spending.