More capacity will be available for people in working-class areas of the country, and for women stuck on gynaecology waiting lists.
Where we can treat working people faster, we will, and we make no apology for doing so.
Working-class patients in this country deserve the same choice, control and convenience as the wealthy expect—indeed, as we all expect from other apps and services that we use every day, but not the NHS.
That is why we are also modernising the NHS app to put patients in the driving seat for their own care.
If customers can choose when their Deliveroo meal will arrive, and be kept informed until it is dropped off, why should patients not be afforded the same service by the NHS?
With this plan, they will be.
Patients will be able to manage their appointments, book tests and scans, view results as soon as they are ready, and choose where they will be treated.
We will cut down on letters that arrive in the post after an appointment, and give power back to the patient.
In the past six months, we have ended the resident doctors’ strike and invested billions more in our health service, with the biggest investment in hospices and end of life care for a generation.
We are delivering investment and reform in general practice to fix the front door to the NHS and bring back the family doctor, and we have started to get NHS waiting lists falling.
This plan for investment and reform will press down harder on the accelerator and will change our NHS and the experience of millions of patients.
It will put the NHS on the road to recovery, and I commend this statement to the House.
I am grateful to the Secretary of State for his typical courtesy in early sight of his statement, as well for his call last week.
Indeed, it was earlier sight than I am used to because I was able to read most of it in the media before coming here, which was not unhelpful.
I echo the Secretary of State’s comments in thanking and paying tribute to NHS and social care staff up and down the country, including those in my university hospitals of Leicester NHS trust, GPs and, indeed, all those in Chorley hospital, Mr Speaker, for all they have done over the festive period.
They work full-on day in, day out every day of the year, but they particularly feel the pressure over the festive period when they are not able to spend it with their families, so it is important that we across the Chamber share our recognition of that.
The Secretary of State set out clearly the challenges facing the system.
We all know that clinical care, the NHS and social care must work well and as a whole for our health and care system to function, so it is right that his statement addresses both those issues.
He also highlighted the challenges we face as an ageing society.
We are all living longer, which is a good thing, but that brings challenges of care and more complex needs.
Of course, that comes on top of the ongoing challenges of the legacy of the pandemic, which are still with us in many ways.
In his comments, the Secretary of State referred to previous reforms.
He opted not to reflect another point in Lord Darzi’s report: his positive remarks about our 2022 reforms, which the Secretary of State knows I took through this House and which laid the foundations on which he is now able to build.
Given the serious and cross-party work we have done certainly on social care, I highlight that the challenge is real, and we must address both challenges swiftly.
Before turning to the long term, I turn to the immediate and ask the Secretary of State a few questions about winter and the challenges the NHS is facing.