Lord Darzi has diagnosed the condition; now this Labour Government are prescribing the cure.
In November, the Prime Minister set out the Government’s plan for change—a plan to dig this country out of the hole it was left in and an act of resistance against the status quo of managed decline.
It committed to cutting maximum waiting times from 18 months today to 18 weeks by the end of this Parliament.
Today, we are setting out how we will hit that ambitious target, so that once again the NHS is there for us when we need it.
This will demand faster improvement than even the last Labour Government achieved.
That means doing things differently.
It had to be a plan for investment and reform.
Investment and reform is what Labour promised before the election.
Investment and reform is what we are delivering.
Our elective reform plan will cut waste and inefficiency, ramp up the number of appointments, scans and operations that the NHS performs, and give NHS patients greater choice, control and convenience.
Any patient using the NHS can see the waste and inefficiency in the service when they use it.
Staff feel it holding them back every day.
When the Government announced significant investment in the Budget, I said that it would come with reform, so that every pound was well spent, and here it is.
Resources will be diverted from hospitals to GPs, to get hundreds of thousands more patients cared for faster in the community.
Patients will have the choice of whether they want or need follow-up appointments, saving a million pointless appointments a year.
GPs will be able to directly refer patients for tests and scans, cutting out the middle man and speeding up diagnoses for patients across a wide range of conditions.
For years, restaurants have been texting customers reminders of their bookings, giving them the chance to cancel or rearrange, to cut down on no-shows.
The NHS will learn from the hospitality sector, do the same for patients, and cut around a million missed appointments every year as a result.
In opposition, we said that investment in new and more productive ways of working would make a significant dent in waiting times.
Today, we are announcing 17 new and expanded surgical hubs to run like Formula 1 pitstops and bust through the backlog.
Community diagnostic centres will open at evenings and weekends so that patients do not have to take a time off work for their appointment, and can get diagnosed faster.
We are rewarding trusts that cut waiting times fastest with extra capital investment as an incentive, and we are publishing a new agreement with the independent sector—the first of its kind for 25 years—to cut waiting times.
Over the past 14 years, a two-tier healthcare system emerged in this country.
People who can afford it are increasingly going private to skip the queue, while those who cannot are left behind.
Working people are going into debt, and others are running fundraisers to pay to get an operation.
Those stories belong in pre-war Britain.
They should shame the Conservative party.
I am determined to end two-tier healthcare in this country, so that whether you are the richest or poorest person in Britain, you get timely, quality treatment, free at the point of use.
This new agreement will see more NHS patients able to choose to be treated in a private hospital where there is capacity, paid for by the state.
More capacity will be available for people in working-class areas of the country, and for women stuck on gynaecology waiting lists.
Where we can treat working people faster, we will, and we make no apology for doing so.
Working-class patients in this country deserve the same choice, control and convenience as the wealthy expect—indeed, as we all expect from other apps and services that we use every day, but not the NHS.