The defence sector supports one in 60 of our jobs in this country—more than 400,000 well-paid jobs that are central to this Government’s growth mission and to our nation’s security.
However, the majority of those jobs are outside London and the south-east.
Therefore, growth and—crucially—engagement with defence and security are inhibited for young people in constituencies such as mine.
Will the Minister confirm that the key ambition of our defence industrial strategy will be to broaden access to the defence sector in every region, including constituencies such as mine?
I am happy to accept that point, and I agree.
Plenty of jobs and skills will be needed around the country in every nation and region, so that we improve matters everywhere.
Christmas came early for the UK defence industry when Spain placed an order for 25 Eurofighters on  20 December , and Italy followed suit on the 24th.
But there is still nothing from the UK Government on the 25 Typhoon jets that are needed for the RAF.
Will the Minister spread some  festive cheer into the new year, and give us an update on where the Government are with placing that order for 25 Typhoon fighter jets—a delayed Christmas present for the UK defence industry and the RAF?
I recognise the hon.
Gentleman’s point.
It is certainly true that exports are important, in addition to production for our own use.
We are working very hard on the export campaigns.
I cannot say any more than that at present, but I can assure him that we are working very hard.
The rest of our spend on such matters is part of the SDR.
Once that is completed, there will be conclusions.
It might not be a Christmas present—I do not know when his birthday is—but a present some time later.
I call the shadow Minister.
On defence industrial strategy, the new amphibious multi-role support ships are several years away—a point the Armed Forces Minister obviously appreciated when, in opposition last January, he wrote to his local paper to say that scrapping HMS Albion and Bulwark would be bad for our national security, for the Royal Navy and for Devonport.
When the Defence Committee looked at this issue a few years ago, it firmly concluded that the decision would be “militarily illiterate”, yet today the Ministry of Defence is all for it.
Even if the Minister for Defence Procurement and Industry does not agree with the Defence Committee, does she at least agree with the Armed Forces Minister that these vital ships should be retained?
Neither of the ships has been at sea for years—one since 2022 and the other since 2017—and neither was due to go back out to sea before their out-of-service date.
The question of who might be said to have scrapped them is moot; the ships have not been scrapped, but we took the tough decision in November to retire ageing capabilities, so that we can save the money for dealing with the threats that we will face in future.
What steps his Department is taking to ensure that veterans have access to appropriate housing.
The Prime Minister has made it clear that ensuring that veterans and their families can access support—including for housing—is a priority; he mentioned that in his speech at party conference.
He has also announced that veterans will be exempt from the local connection test for social housing in England, and committed an additional £3.5 million to continuing the reducing veteran homelessness programme, including Op Fortitude.
The transition from military to civilian life is a critical moment for many veterans, but too often, those with complex mental health issues fall through the cracks, especially when it comes to accessing housing.
The armed forces covenant is an excellent positive step forward, but its voluntary nature means that not all veterans will benefit equally.