My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
I have lived in some of the accommodation and I have seen how bad it is, and this deal will allow us to change that.
Over time we will have a chance, saving £230 million a year, to give the people who serve this country the deal they deserve when it comes to housing.
During my service in the late ’80s, through the ’90s and into the early 2000s, I had the pleasure of having to live in military accommodation.
Its poor condition was discussed almost weekly.
Roll forward 20 years, and we are still having the same discussion.
Can Ministers please assure me that they will now seriously get a grip of that and, through the strategic defence review, give some clear programme delivery dates for when we will deliver for our forces?
Absolutely.
As part of the SDR, we will set out our new defence housing strategy.
We will look at how we take Annington, build on it and improve the housing available for those who serve in our armed forces.
As a member of a forces family, I welcome the Government’s landmark decision to renationalise service housing.
For too long, military families have been living in substandard accommodation.
How will the Minister ensure that this investment leads to tangible improvements?
In what timescales can our servicemen and servicewomen expect to see those improvements start?
We are buying back, we are breaking it down and we will build back up.
That will be part of a comprehensive plan across the country and across 36,000 homes over time.
It will look to deliver housing that is fit for those who serve and the family members who are often left behind when those individuals deploy.
I have absolute confidence that we will deliver that, in conjunction with independent bodies as well as those in defence.
The Minister has already referred to his successful £6 billion deal to repurchase the MOD housing estate from Annington.
It will give members of our armed forces the opportunity to have their homes refurbished, which they have longed for, for a very long time.
Has he managed to persuade the Treasury that he will need to provide further funds to pump-prime these improvements?
If so, how will he strengthen the hitherto very poor management of our military housing estate?
As part of our new defence housing strategy, we will look at how we will manage that estate as a whole and whether we will do it completely differently.
As part of the SDR, we will look at how we will pump-prime some of that to get building back across the whole defence estate, bearing in mind that there are 36,000 houses and some of them have been in situ for about 50 years and will need to be knocked down and rebuilt.
Under the previous arrangement between the Ministry of Defence and Annington, £100 million was released for accommodation upgrades in the first seven years of that arrangement.
What due diligence was carried out ahead of the sale?
What additional investment will be made in the married quarters that the Government have brought back into the MOD’s ownership?
This is one of the best deals that defence has done in a long time.
It has bought back 36,000 homes, saving the taxpayer £600,000 a day or £230 million over a year.
We are in discussions with the Treasury now about where that money goes and how it will be used in the future, but I assure the hon.
Member that the rebuild plan will be within the defence housing strategy as part of the SDR.
Since October 2023, more than 5,000 Afghans eligible for support via the Afghan relocations and assistance policy have been moved into Ministry of Defence service families accommodation—both transitional and then settled service families accommodation—under Operation Lazurite.
How many SFA houses in the defence estate are currently being used to house Afghan families?