That means continuing to implement the Trinity House agreement between the UK and Germany.
There is also the new UK-Estonia road map, and there is more to come: we will refresh the Lancaster House agreement with our friends in France as well.
Given that President-elect Trump has been at best ambivalent towards maintaining current levels of US military aid to Ukraine, we must redouble European efforts to support Ukraine.
What further discussions does the Minister plan with European allies to collectively  strengthen the provision of arms and resources to Ukraine, including through the potential use of seized Russian Central Bank assets?
We have laid out clearly that this Government will stand with Ukraine for as long as it takes.
That means committing £3 billion a year, as we have done, to make sure that the Ukrainians have the equipment and ammunition they need to stay in the fight, as well as deepening our defence relationships with them.
We are taking that across the NATO alliance to all NATO members, and we will continue to stand with Ukraine for as long as it takes.
May I commend the Government on their recent decision to bring a large amount of military housing back in house after the disastrous Tory decision to privatise it?
It is massively welcome in North West Cambridgeshire, where 431 homes are being repurchased, but a lot of the housing is in a shocking state; what steps will the Government take to address that, to make sure that our military personnel can live in the decent homes that they more than deserve?
I completely agree with my hon.
Friend.
The defence housing strategy will be a medium to long-term strategy and will be published, in line with the SDR, in the spring.
I refer the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
Given the Secretary of State for Defence’s previous remarks, can he set out for the House exactly what discussions there have been between Ministers and the incoming Trump Administration on the future of the Diego Garcia base?
As the right hon.
Gentleman knows very well, the system in the US is very different from ours.
The Administration who are in place at present are in place until inauguration day on  20 January .
That will be the point at which we in the UK Government will start to pick up direct discussions with the incoming Administration.
The US is our closest security ally, and we will work with them to ensure that that continues.
Since Putin’s unprovoked invasion of Ukraine, our European Union allies have contributed €47.3 billion in funding to the Ukrainian military.
One of those integral allies is Poland, which has just assumed the presidency of the EU Council, having started on  1 January .
Will the Minister set out in a little more detail how we are working in lockstep with crucial allies like Poland at this dangerous time for the continent?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to suggest that it is vital to deepen our relations with our European friends.
Poland is a key European ally for us, not only in defence exports but in operational deployments.
I have visited Poland twice recently, including to see the amazing work of the British Army in Operation Stifftail, which used our Sky Sabre system to help to defend Polish airspace.
There will be further such joint deployments of our armed forces in due course.
It sounds like the Government are not very keen to talk about Diego Garcia with President Trump, but when people as diverse as President Trump and Lord Neil Kinnock agree that NATO countries should be spending between 3% and 4% on defence, would it not be sensible to take them seriously?
On Diego Garcia, Members will have the chance to scrutinise the detail of any treaty once it comes before the House.