Member that the rebuild plan will be within the defence housing strategy as part of the SDR.
Since October 2023, more than 5,000 Afghans eligible for support via the Afghan relocations and assistance policy have been moved into Ministry of Defence service families accommodation—both transitional and then settled service families accommodation—under Operation Lazurite.
How many SFA houses in the defence estate are currently being used to house Afghan families?
What is the plan for their onward movement once their three-year eligibility for settled service families accommodation has elapsed?
I thank the hon.
Member for that really important question.
We have a duty of care to those from Afghanistan who are now living in the UK and we are absolutely committed to delivering on that.
I will write to him in due course on the specifics of his question.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
In 2023, there were over 5,000 reports of damp and mould in service accommodation.
Members of the armed forces are willing to put their lives on the line to support the freedoms that we take for granted, so it is inconceivable that they and their families are forced to live in homes filled with damp and mould.
Now that the MOD has agreed to buy back thousands of these family homes, will the Government commit to ensuring that all service family accommodation meets the minimum standards for social housing as set out in the decent homes standard?
We already do that.
The reality is that a large proportion of these houses were built 50 to 60 years ago, so the thick insulation and double-skinned walls that we would see as commonplace just do not exist.
The Annington deal is therefore such a good one, as it allows us to refurbish or rebuild as required.
What recent discussions he has had with his US counterpart on military support for Ukraine.
The Labour Government are delivering for defence by stepping up and speeding up support for Ukraine.
In December, we announced an additional package of artillery, air defence and drones.
The Defence Secretary holds regular discussions with his US counterpart on how best to support Ukraine, most recently on  16 November .
I thank the Minister for his reply.
Last year, Bath and North East Somerset council entered into a formal agreement with the city of Oleksandriia, providing medical support as well as strengthening cultural and community ties.
In talks with the incoming US Government, will the Minister ensure that they are aware of the enduring and deep solidarity that the British people feel towards the people of Ukraine in their effort to defeat a brutal aggressor?
I thank the hon.
Member—my fellow south-west MP—for her advocacy of that as well as the people of Bath who have opened their homes to so many Ukrainian families, as have families right across the country.
It is vital that we continue to support not only Ukraine to stay in the fight to protect its sovereignty and freedom but those Ukrainians in the United Kingdom and in Ukraine to ensure that they can go about normal life as much as possible.
The Government support that work and will continue supporting Ukraine for as long as it takes.
The Secretary of State and the Minister have put Britain’s military production capability at the heart of the Government’s support for Ukraine.
I wonder what opportunities the Minister spies for transatlantic co-operation in that regard.
May I make a special plea that the whole defence team discuss plans for developing our industrial capacity with regional mayors so that jobs and factories can be set up and developed around the country, including in regions like my own?
It is vital that we continue to support Ukraine and build our industrial capacity in the United Kingdom and across the NATO alliance to ensure that Ukraine can fight not only tonight but tomorrow.