In the bipartisan spirit of the new year, let me commend the work that he and Sir Sajid Javid did in trying to undo Lord Lansley’s disastrous top-down reorganisation, and that was a very good thing to do.
There will be a very big difference between this Government and our Conservative predecessors: real delivery, shorter waiting times and an NHS fit for the future.
Does the Secretary of State agree that his plan to transform adult social care services has already started with Labour’s Employment Rights Bill ensuring that social care workers will get fair national pay and conditions, and increased access to training and progression?
Does he further agree that we will never have a quality social care service in this country if we do not value the people delivering it properly, as this Labour Government intend to do?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely rightly.
The Employment Rights Bill, introduced in our first 100 days, contains provisions for a new fair pay agreement for care workers, and who better to be leading the charge on that than the care worker turned Deputy Prime Minister, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Ashton-under-Lyne (Angela Rayner) .
I call the Liberal Democrats spokesperson.
I add my thanks to those of the Secretary of State and the shadow Secretary of State to all those who worked in our health and care services over Christmas and the new year.
Our health and social care system is in crisis, so the Liberal Democrats are broadly supportive of the measures that the Government have announced today.
However,  we do have some concerns, not least that action on social care may arrive too late and that the focus on elective care may come at the expense of emergency care.
The Liberal Democrats have long called for cross-party talks on social care, so we are glad that the Government have listened and we look forward to working constructively with the Secretary of State and other UK-wide parties as the review develops.
However, carers, care providers and councils are on the brink of bankruptcy and they need solutions right now, not in three years’ time.
There have been many such reviews, and what is needed now is action on the recommendations they have made.
It is absolutely crucial that waiting times for elective care are cut radically, so the action announced today to speed up scans and treatment is very positive.
A waiting list of more than 6 million people is one of the worst legacies left by the Conservatives, but those legacies include overcrowded A&Es and unacceptable ambulance delays, which can mean the difference between life and death, as people in North Shropshire know only too well.
Emergency care is under immense pressure at the moment—one visit to Shrewsbury hospital demonstrates that—and we need bold action if we are to ensure that this is the last ever winter crisis.
As the MP for a rural area, I hear every week from constituents suffering because of the crisis, so they will be following today’s developments closely.
Many of my constituents are elderly—far more than average—and they are the people most likely to need the NHS and the most likely to be digitally excluded.
According to Age UK, around 29% of people aged 75 and over do not use the internet, and around a third do not have a smartphone.
They deserve as much choice and control as everybody else, so can the Secretary of State outline how those without access to the NHS app will be able to benefit from the same options and information as those who do have access?
Will the Secretary of State consider fast-tracking the social care review so that the sector can get the urgent attention it needs?
Will he commit to rescuing our emergency services by supporting Liberal Democrat calls to make the NHS winter-proof with a new winter taskforce that builds resilience in hospital wards, A&E departments and patient discharging?