There will be further such joint deployments of our armed forces in due course.
It sounds like the Government are not very keen to talk about Diego Garcia with President Trump, but when people as diverse as President Trump and Lord Neil Kinnock agree that NATO countries should be spending between 3% and 4% on defence, would it not be sensible to take them seriously?
On Diego Garcia, Members will have the chance to scrutinise the detail of any treaty once it comes before the House.
Just as the previous Government did, we made sure throughout the negotiations that the US Administration were fully informed, fully briefed and fully content with the steps that we were taking.
The procurement of Ajax wasted hundreds of millions of pounds—money desperately needed in my North East Derbyshire constituency.
Can the Minister update me on the progress made in learning the lessons of that failure and implementing the findings of the Sheldon report?
Yes.
My hon.
Friend will know that the report was produced under the previous Government.
Its findings were set out under the previous Government, and I think they announced that all the necessary steps to implement all 24 recommendations—15 were accepted and nine were accepted in principle—had been completed.
We need to continue to learn the lessons and make sure that such problems do not arise in other programmes.
The cost of the 10-year equipment plan for the Defence Nuclear Organisation stood at £44 billion in 2019.
In 2022, it went up by 27% to £60 billion, and in 2024 it inflated by 62% to £99.5 billion.
Can the Secretary of State reassure us that the MOD has not lost the run of itself on this worst-of-all defence procurement debacles?
What personal commitment can he give the House that he has the foggiest idea what to do about it?
I can absolutely give the hon.
Gentleman that assurance.
I can also tell him that this is a national enterprise of the utmost importance that maintains the underpinning security for this nation, as it has done over decades, and that the management of our nuclear enterprise and the budget controls are in place and stronger than they have been for years.
The naval base at Faslane and companies such as BAE Systems support thousands of jobs in my constituency.
Does the Minister agree that we need to grow an integrated, innovative and resilient defence sector that will address problems such as skills shortages and the need for strategic long-term partnerships?
Yes.
When the Secretary of State appeared at the Defence Committee recently, he was sitting alongside his permanent secretary when the permanent secretary announced that it was his aspiration to reduce the number of MOD civil servants by 10% within this Parliament.
Does the Secretary of State recognise and welcome that aspiration?
Yes, and I trust that the hon.
Gentleman does too.
The Veterans Minister and I recently visited Bournemouth War Memorial Homes, a specialist social housing provider for veterans in my constituency.
Will the Minister outline what the Government are doing to support housing providers to buy or build homes for heroes across our country?
I thank my hon.
Friend for the visit to Bournemouth to see that exemplar of how to house veterans.
The Prime Minister has just announced £3.7 million of funding towards veterans’ housing and there will be more to come in due course.
There were reports over the weekend of NATO worries that the UK is not contributing enough to the European defensive shield.
That leaves us vulnerable to a missile attack.
I hear what the Minister has said about the strategic defence review, but what assurance can he provide that he will look at our defence spending commitments with sufficient speed to provide good enough defence for our country?
The hon.
Lady is right to raise the capability gaps that this Government inherited from the Government she served in.