Friend for a really relevant question.
It is essential that we cater for both the physical and psychological impacts of service on those who have served.
Op Courage has already had 35,000 referrals.
I congratulate Tim Latter on the work he has done, and I would be glad to visit his gym—and perhaps do a little phys with him—to see how it helps veterans’ mental progression in due course.
I welcome the Government’s commitment to a new armed forces covenant.
Will the provisions apply to local councils, so that we see Conservative Hillingdon council end its unfair parking charges on military personnel and their families in service accommodation—an issue that was raised with me recently when the Secretary of State visited to announce the welcome investment in military housing—and we can finally say that Hillingdon puts our heroes first?
I thank my hon.
Friend for what, again, is a very important question.
I ask him to write to me on the specific issue of Hillingdon council and parking.
The important underlying fact is that we have to put the covenant into law—we have made that commitment, and it will happen within the next two years.
We will deliver it, and hopefully we will eradicate the postcode lottery in support to veterans across the country.
I welcome this Government’s quick action to deliver on our promise to veterans of making veteran ID cards an accepted form of voter ID, which rightly ensures access to elections for those who have served to protect our freedoms.
Will the Minister work with colleagues across government to ensure that veterans are made aware of that very important change?
It took us four months from starting the process to getting the veteran ID card recognised as voter ID, which is superb.
We will move this matter forward, and I would love to discuss it in more detail.
I highlight that it is not only a physical ID card: we now also have a digital card, which is increasing veterans’ ability to register with all the different services available.
Will the Minister join me in congratulating East Riding of Yorkshire council on achieving the armed forces covenant employer recognition scheme gold award, and pay tribute to both the council leader Anne Handley and our armed forces champion Councillor Liam Dealtry for their roles in achieving that?
Could he also tell the House what he is doing to encourage more organisations to achieve this highest standard in veterans’ support?
I thank the hon.
Member for raising that point, and congratulate the people he has mentioned on signing up to the covenant duty, which is superb.
They join about 12,400 others who have given their signatures, which is a fantastic example of British society standing up to support veterans.
In due course, I would like to visit and meet them when we get a chance.
In Shipley constituency, there are over 3,000 veterans.
I have enjoyed meeting local veterans recently, and I invite my hon.
Friend to join me in thanking them for their service.
However, with the number of homeless veteran households in England reaching 2,270 in the year 2023-24, will the Minister assure me that veterans in Shipley constituency will receive the housing support they need?
I join my hon.
Friend in paying tribute to the veterans of Shipley.
It is essential, especially over the Christmas period and the next three or four months, that anyone who needs a roof over their head has one.
That is why Op Fortitude is really moving at pace: we have had just under 3,000 referrals, and over 800 veterans have been put into housing.
I would say that if anyone has any veterans in their constituency, please get them to go on to gov.uk and look at the services available.
There are plenty of services out there to get those individuals into housing as fast as possible.