The first phase of Louise Casey’s commission will report next year, but we are of course willing to talk to parties across the House about how we move forward.
The hon.
Lady urges us to set up an urgent and emergency care taskforce.
Let me reassure her that the Minister of State for Health my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bristol South (Karin Smyth)  and I have every week—and often more frequently—convened health and care leaders virtually and in the Department to keep a grip on what is going on, to provide as much central support as possible, and to respond to crises as they emerge.
If only that was just about setting up a taskforce.
We already have one; what we need is sustained improvement from one year to the next and that is what we are determined to deliver.
rose—
May I suggest that we help each other by asking short questions—with short, punchy answers, I am sure?
Ben Coleman will set a good example.
Mr Speaker, I take that personally, in a positive way.
This is a very encouraging statement.
It is great to start the new year with some good news and to be so clear that we are keeping our promises as a Government.
It is also very good that we are taking the necessary  time to create this cross-party consensus on social care while keeping the show so firmly on the road.
Carers will be supported to carry out more health tasks, as they do already in my constituency with wound dressing and medicine management.
The problem is they do not have any possibility of career progression. [
Interruption.]
I am sorry, Mr Speaker, I forgot your initial encouragement; I will bring this to a close.
Does the Secretary of State agree that as carers are encouraged to do more health tasks, they need proper opportunities for career progression even within the NHS, in collaboration with local authorities?
Brevity was not my hon.
Friend’s new year’s resolution, but at your encouraging, Mr Speaker, it is mine.
We will provide more training to care professionals to deliver a wider range of tasks in the home, making better use of their skills and the career progression that my hon.
Friend describes.
Crucially, that career progression must be in status and in pay.
That is what we will work with the staff to deliver.
I call the Father of the House.
I welcome the consensual parts of the Secretary of State’s statement, but I wonder whether we have been entirely honest with the public about the sheer unaffordability of the cap proposed by Dilnot.
I do not absolve my own Government from this: maybe we should start telling the truth to the public.
Does the Secretary of State think we need a new social compact on bringing in social insurance so that people can plan for their entire life?
They would know that they will have to pay more in taxes during their life for their old age, but at least they would have certain rights.