He set out his plan to grow the workforce, and we have record numbers of doctors and nurses, and increased medical school places.
What is this Secretary of State’s plan to grow the workforce and deliver on his ambitions?
Turning to social care, the Secretary of State will know—because I have said it publicly—that I will work constructively with him and the commission.
He is right to highlight the challenges that Governments of all complexions have faced, including a Royal Commission, two Green Papers and a comprehensive spending review  that did not deliver under Tony Blair and Gordon Brown.
Similarly, Theresa May’s reforms did not deliver.
We proposed reforms that were due to come in this year, but the Chancellor scrapped them.
I think it is important that we look to the future and at how we can work constructively on social care.
I say to the Secretary of State that we will enter into discussions with him and the commission in that spirit, but I challenge him on the pace of his ambitions.
The sector is already under pressure, and that has been added to by the national insurance increases, which it does not yet know how it will pay.
The real challenge for him is: why 2028?
The sector is crying out for a faster pace—be bolder; be more ambitious—and we will work with him to deliver it.
It takes a year-plus to deliver a diagnosis—we know the challenges.
He has had 14 years in opposition; he should have a plan now.
We will call out the Secretary of State when he gets it wrong or simply re-announces what is already happening, but he is right in his approach to social care and finding a way forward, and we will work constructively for the good of patients and all our constituents.
Many of them already feel let down by promises broken by the Labour party over just the past six months, so I ask him not to break this promise, and to work with us, across the House, to deliver the change that our constituents deserve and expect us to work on together to deliver.
It seems to be the Conservative line across the board now to say, “You’ve had 14 years in opposition, so why haven’t you sorted it all out in six months?”
I say gently that the Conservatives had 14 years in government, and it will take longer than six months to clean up their mess.
Honestly, their contributions to discussions in this House might have more credibility and a stronger landing zone if they at least acknowledged their part in the deep mess and malaise that they have created over the past 14 years.
None the less, on social care, I very sincerely and warmly welcome the Conservative party’s support for the independent commission.
It is important, as a matter of principle, to try to establish in broad terms the level of consensus about what social care should look like and how it should be delivered to meet the needs of older and disabled people in the 21st century, with changing demography, changing challenges, changing pressures and a changing pace of technology, and about the balance of provision between the individual, the family and the state, and the balance of financial contributions for social care between the individual, the family and the state.
Of course, those issues will inevitably be contested across the party political divide from one election to the next, but just as we have had broad consensus on the national health service since 1948, just as we have had broad consensus on state education since Rab Butler’s reforms, and just as we have mostly had broad consensus for much of the past century on how public services should be delivered, so too should we try to establish the same consensus on social care.