They deserve as much choice and control as everybody else, so can the Secretary of State outline how those without access to the NHS app will be able to benefit from the same options and information as those who do have access?
Will the Secretary of State consider fast-tracking the social care review so that the sector can get the urgent attention it needs?
Will he commit to rescuing our emergency services by supporting Liberal Democrat calls to make the NHS winter-proof with a new winter taskforce that builds resilience in hospital wards, A&E departments and patient discharging?
Finally, will he define what a working-class area is, because the health and care crisis is acute in rural Britain and we cannot afford to be left behind?
I thank the Liberal Democrats for their support for the commission and for the way in which their party has put the issue of social care much higher up the political agenda, particularly during the general election campaign.
That has been very helpful to me in the last six months and to the Government, and we look forward to working with the Liberal Democrats to build as broad a consensus as we can on the solutions to the social care crisis.
As I have mentioned, we have hit the ground running in a number of respects, including the biggest expansion of carer’s allowance since the 1970s.
On investment in health and social care, I just point out that the £26 billion the Chancellor allocated to the Department of Health and Social Care alone at the Budget dwarfed what the Liberal Democrats promised in their manifesto.
I know  that not all the funding decisions the Chancellor and the Government have made in the last six months for the desperately needed investment in our public services have been popular, but I respectfully say to people who disagree with the decisions the Chancellor has made that they need to spell out which services they would cut or which other taxes they would increase, because those are the choices.
We have made our choices; we stand by them.
What people cannot do is welcome the investment but not say how they would fund it if they oppose what we have done.
The Prime Minister, the Chancellor and the entire Government have been willing to make unpopular choices in the last six months because we believe they are the right choices to get Britain out of the hole it was left in by our predecessors.
People will not thank us for resorting to the short-termist, sticking-plaster, government-by-gimmick politics that plagued this House during the last Parliament.
I turn to some of the other issues that the hon.
Lady mentioned.
We will make further proposals on urgent and emergency care reform.
I want to take the best of the NHS to the rest of the NHS, whether it is “hear and treat” over-the-phone triage—a more appropriate community response that is often faster than ambulance response times—or getting ambulances and ambulance handover speeded up at all our hospitals with the “release to respond” approach.
We have seen that working successfully in some parts of the country, but it needs to be consistently rolled out.
The hon.
Lady talked about patient choice for those who are digitally disconnected or do not want to organise their lives around their smartphones.
That is why I believe very strongly in choice—different courses for different horses.
Those of us who do not book appointments over the phone free up the line so that those who prefer doing their business and booking appointments by phone can get through.
The hon.
Lady asked us to fast-track the social care work.
The first phase of Louise Casey’s commission will report next year, but we are of course willing to talk to parties across the House about how we move forward.
The hon.
Lady urges us to set up an urgent and emergency care taskforce.