He has also announced that veterans will be exempt from the local connection test for social housing in England, and committed an additional £3.5 million to continuing the reducing veteran homelessness programme, including Op Fortitude.
The transition from military to civilian life is a critical moment for many veterans, but too often, those with complex mental health issues fall through the cracks, especially when it comes to accessing housing.
The armed forces covenant is an excellent positive step forward, but its voluntary nature means that not all veterans will benefit equally.
Will the Minister  commit to reviewing the transition process, and particularly mental health services provision, to ensure that all veterans receive more comprehensive and tailored support?
The career transition pathway that has just been set up is a great example of how we are helping those leaving the services to transition into civilian life.
Op Courage, in particular, has had more than 35,000 referrals; it is for anybody with mental health issues caused by their service.
I recommend going on to gov.uk and looking at the services available, as they are pretty ample.
The defence sector provides well paid jobs across my city and constituency, and across the country.
With 10,000 adults in the constituency on the minimum wage, will the Minister help me to work with the Department for Education to ensure that kids in my city get opportunities to work in this brilliant sector?
I thank my hon.
Friend for a very important question.
I would like to talk further about this.
We have been working with the Department for Education—
Is the Minister happy to answer the question?
I do not quite see how it links to the subject, but if he is happy—
I can take this discussion offline, and we can talk about this in due course.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
On this first day after the recess, I thank all armed forces personnel who worked over Christmas, including the nearly 10,000 personnel deployed overseas, and the crew of HMS Somerset, who were recalled on Christmas day to shadow Russian vessels around our shores.
I also congratulate the many exceptional servicemen and women and veterans recognised in the new year’s honours list for their outstanding contributions, including the Minister for Veterans and People.
My new year’s message to everyone working across defence is that this Government will continue delivering for defence throughout 2025, making the UK secure at home and strong abroad, stepping up support for Ukraine, boosting the UK defence industry, strengthening ties with allies and improving service life for armed forces personnel and their families.
We have long-standing, cross-party support in Plymouth and Devon for ensuring the future of the Royal Marines, including 42 Commando in my constituency.
Given the amphibious assault capability gap that we have as a result of scrapping—or, should I say, retiring—Devonport ships HMS Albion and HMS Bulwark, what commitment can the Secretary of State give that the green light will be given to building six multi-role support ships, and can he give a firm indication of when he hopes they will be in service?
HMS Bulwark and HMS Albion were not genuine capabilities.
The Minister for Defence Procurement and Industry made that clear.
Neither ship was set to put to sea again before their out-of-service date.
This decision allows us to focus resources on where they need to be: on the capabilities that we need to support our Marines and deal with our adversaries.
A recent BBC documentary detailed the 60-year campaign of nuclear test veterans, who were fighting for the disclosure of medical records and damages relating to radiation exposure.
There has been a marked increase in rates of cancer and genetic damage.
I know the Minister is looking at the issue carefully.
Will he please work closely with veterans to ensure that they get the justice that they deserve?