It is important that the strategic defence review is able to report its recommendations.
It is certainly true that we inherited armed forces with capability gaps, falling morale and a recruitment and personnel crisis, which is why the SDR is so important in setting out a clear direction for the future.
This Government back defence and will continue to do so, ensuring that those capability gaps are filled.
What steps is the Minister taking to ensure that the historic contributions of women in wartime are recognised?
I am thinking particularly of those who worked in munitions factories, including the Linlithgow munitionettes.
The essential role played by women throughout both major wars in delivering an industrial powerhouse to support our armed forces is not lost on the Government.
I am happy to take this matter offline and discuss it in due course.
I was astonished to be told by the Department for Business and Trade before Christmas that neither Tata Steel nor British Steel was a critical supplier of the Ministry of Defence.
Will the Secretary of State give a commitment that, unlike the previous Conservative Government, this Labour Government will buy British, including British Steel?
The hon.
Gentleman has put his finger on a long-standing, deep-running weakness, namely a procurement policy under the last Government that did not recognise the UK steel industry as a strategic industry and was content for the amount of UK steel sourced for some new ships to be in the single figures. [
Interruption.]
Under previous procurement Ministers, the proportion was 4%.
We will change that: the SDR will set out a plan to not just boost UK security, but strengthen the UK economy.
BAE Systems in my constituency recently announced an extra £200 million in avionics investment to support the F-35 programme, which will secure 200 extra jobs in the Warren Wood area.
Will the Minister commit to reviewing our investment in our defence industry, to ensure that more jobs are secured by well-trained young people throughout the country?
Will he also commit to visiting the site to witness that expansion and celebrate that success with our residents and community?
Yes, she will make a commitment to visit the site.
I agree with my hon.
Friend: our defence industrial strategy will enhance the incentives for long-term investment in the UK defence sector.
It will encourage investment by private firms, alongside public money, align the imperatives of national security, and ensure that we have the necessary skills.
The Defence Secretary said in October that despite conflict returning to Europe, the number of Army personnel would drop to below 70,000 next year, the lowest level since 1793.
The problem is not just recruitment, but retention.
More people are leaving than are joining.
In 2023, 15,000 people left the armed forces, while only 11,000 joined.
Will he commit to addressing the recruitment-retention balance in this year’s strategic defence review?
It is certainly true that this Government inherited a recruitment and retention crisis from the Conservatives.
Morale was falling.
That is why we are renewing the nation’s contract with those who serve.
There will be more announcements about that in due course.
I was encouraged by what the Secretary of State said about strengthening ties with allies.
Can the Minister elaborate on the steps that he and the Department are taking to further strengthen collaboration with our European allies during 2025?
As the Prime Minister has made clear, Britain is back on the world stage, and we are deepening our defence relationships with our European allies.
That means continuing to implement the Trinity House agreement between the UK and Germany.
There is also the new UK-Estonia road map, and there is more to come: we will refresh the Lancaster House agreement with our friends in France as well.
Given that President-elect Trump has been at best ambivalent towards maintaining current levels of US military aid to Ukraine, we must redouble European efforts to support Ukraine.