There has been a marked increase in rates of cancer and genetic damage.
I know the Minister is looking at the issue carefully.
Will he please work closely with veterans to ensure that they get the justice that they deserve?
We owe a debt to our nuclear test veterans, who delivered their service in a courageous and honourable way.
I have already committed to looking into the records issue in detail, and to continuous engagement with all the charities and nuclear test veteran groups.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
At every turn, Ministers have refused point blank to tell us how much their Chagos deal will cost British taxpayers.
Now we know why: the Mauritians want £800 million a year.
Whatever the figure is, will the Secretary of State tell us what percentage of the cost of leasing back a base that we currently own will come from the Ministry of Defence budget?
I regret the Conservative carping over the Diego Garcia deal.
The negotiations were started by Conservative Ministers, who conducted 11 rounds of negotiations.
The agreement safeguards the effective operation of the joint UK-US base for at least 99 years.
It is supported by US agencies and is welcomed by India, the African Union and the UN Security Council—almost everyone, it seems, except the Conservatives.[Official Report,  7 January 2025 ; Vol.
759, c. 6WC.] (
Correction)
Correct, because it is a terrible deal.
What if I said: I call James Cartlidge.
My apologies.
I am, like you are Mr Speaker, very passionate on this subject.
We see this as a terrible deal.
That is why we would have never signed it.
The incoming US President opposes the deal, the Mauritians are seeking to renegotiate it, and by any measure it is terrible value for money for the over-taxed British public.
Does the Secretary of State really think that it is in our national interest to spend hundreds of millions of pounds leasing back a military base that we currently own, instead of spending every penny of that money on our armed forces in the UK?
The agreement means that the base will be undisputed and legally secure for the first time in 50 years.
The US Defence Secretary described it as an “historic agreement” and said:
“it will safeguard the strategic security interests of our two nations and our partners in the Indo-Pacific region”.
For  14 years, many military families have endured substandard housing with issues like damp and mould.
They deserve better.
Does the Minister agree that quality service housing is essential in recognising the commitment of our military personnel, and that bringing military homes back into public ownership marks the beginning of repairing our nation’s contract with them?
I absolutely agree.
This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to change housing for our service families.
It will save taxpayers £600,000 a day, and £230 million over the year.
It gives us an opportunity to build back over the medium to longer term, and to deliver the deal that those families deserve.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
We face serious national defence vulnerabilities, with no land-based anti-ballistic-missile systems to protect critical infrastructure, military bases or population centres.
Recent suspected sabotage of undersea cables in the Baltics highlights the hybrid threats for which we must also prepare.
What steps is the Ministry of Defence taking to address the UK’s deficiencies in anti-ballistic-missile defences, and how are we preparing for potential hybrid attacks on our critical infrastructure?
It is important that the strategic defence review is able to report its recommendations.
It is certainly true that we inherited armed forces with capability gaps, falling morale and a recruitment and personnel crisis, which is why the SDR is so important in setting out a clear direction for the future.
This Government back defence and will continue to do so, ensuring that those capability gaps are filled.