He opted not to reflect another point in Lord Darzi’s report: his positive remarks about our 2022 reforms, which the Secretary of State knows I took through this House and which laid the foundations on which he is now able to build.
Given the serious and cross-party work we have done certainly on social care, I highlight that the challenge is real, and we must address both challenges swiftly.
Before turning to the long term, I turn to the immediate and ask the Secretary of State a few questions about winter and the challenges the NHS is facing.
We heard from the Minister before Christmas about the work being done for extra co-ordination and new data, but what extra capacity in beds specifically for the winter period has the Secretary of State put in place to help ease pressure?
What additional capacity has he put into A&E?
We always recognised that winter is challenging, and we always put in extra resource, support and capacity, so I would be grateful for an update.
I would be grateful for an update from the Secretary of State on the pressure being felt in respect of the “quad-demic” of various challenges faced by the sector.
Also, how many critical incidents have trusts declared since  1 December ?
I would be grateful if he could update us on the pressures being felt and the response to them in the light of the winter weather.
In my Melton and Syston constituency in Leicestershire and in many constituencies across the country, we have seen extensive flooding, which has had an impact on our ambulance services in particular.
Turning to reform and elective recovery, I want to support the Secretary of State where he is doing the right thing, and it is important that he is keen to pursue a bold and innovative agenda.
It is in all our interests that he is bold, but I call for him to be more ambitious.
Those are not words often spoken about him, and I suspect certainly not in No.
10, but I call for him to be bolder and to go further.
That is because, as with so much from the Prime Minister with multiple relaunches of previous announcements, what we see here is yet another relaunch of a previous announcement.
The difference is the former Secretary of State Sir Sajid Javid’s announcement from 2022 has been reheated and re-served up today.
We delivered 160 community diagnostic centres with 9 million additional appointments, and we delivered 18 surgical hubs.
How will the Secretary of State’s plan go beyond that?
We worked with the independent sector to allow it to be used to help tackle backlogs.
We improved technology and the kit available, with £6 billion of investment.
The NHS app created during the pandemic was designed and redesigned by my right hon.
Friend  the Member for North East Cambridgeshire (Steve Barclay)  and his team to allow for regular updates.
Again, it is right that the Secretary of State is updating the app, but how is he radically changing what was already in place?
I certainly already receive text updates—as, I suspect, do others—on treatments and appointments, so my challenge to the Secretary of State is this: what is he doing that is fundamentally different?
The key underpinning point in the former Secretary of State’s plan was on workforce, because none of this can be delivered without the staff to deliver and interpret tests.
He set out his plan to grow the workforce, and we have record numbers of doctors and nurses, and increased medical school places.
What is this Secretary of State’s plan to grow the workforce and deliver on his ambitions?
Turning to social care, the Secretary of State will know—because I have said it publicly—that I will work constructively with him and the commission.