Will the Government put that post on a statutory basis so that the many veterans in Northern Ireland can have the service they deserve?
I thank the hon.
and learned Member for his important question.
First, we must get the armed forces covenant into law, which should cover a large proportion of the veteran support mechanism.
I congratulate David Johnstone on taking up his post; I phoned him just before the Christmas recess.
I am excited and looking forward to working with him and ensuring that the unique attributes of veterans in Northern Ireland are accounted for and represented in the correct manner.
Maggie Haynes is the founder of Tuppenny Barn, a horticultural therapy charity in my constituency, and she is a veteran herself.
She established a female veterans course after observing that the challenges faced by women leaving the armed forces combined with poor communication from the MOD was leaving them unaware of the services available to them.
What is the Minister doing to improve support for female veterans?
We are working on our armed forces strategy, part of which will be a specific section for female veterans.
We understand the nuances and difficulties of female veterans leaving service and trying to find employment or linking employment with family life and so forth, so we are pushing that forward really hard.
Again, I would be very pleased to discuss that with the hon.
Member in due course.
I thank the veterans Minister for his answer.
In previous questions in this Chamber I have suggested to the Minister that he might wish to visit Beyond the Battlefield, a charity in my  constituency that gives the only care for soldiers whenever they have fallen on bad times.
Will the Minister make time available to come and see what we do with that charity in Portavogie and Strangford as an example for everyone else?
Later this week I am going to Scotland, and we will do Wales and then Northern Ireland in due course, and when I visit I would be honoured to come to see the good work the charity is doing.
What progress he has made on appointing an independent armed forces commissioner.
This Labour Government are delivering for defence and the landmark Armed Forces Commissioner Bill is the first step in renewing the nation’s contract with those who serve.
The commissioner will be appointed following the passage of the primary legislation establishing the role.
The Bill passed Committee stage in the Commons in December and I look forward to Report stage in due course.
I thank the Minister for his response.
As an ex-rifleman, I have seen at first hand the negative impact of shoddy care and equipment on service personnel’s mental and physical health.
What will installing an armed forces commissioner do to make their standard of living better?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his service.
It is absolutely vital that the voices of armed forces personnel and their families are listened to more.
That is why we are establishing in the commissioner an independent champion for armed forces and their families.
The commissioner will have an independent role, be able to scrutinise the actions of the armed forces and report to Parliament rather than to Ministers, and will not be beholden to the whims of either any Government of the day or the chain of command.
That independence will allow the commissioner to scrutinise general service welfare matters, shining a spotlight on the issues that really matter to those who serve in uniform and their families.
The Government have said that part of their inspiration for the Armed Forces Commissioner was such a role in Germany, yet Germany has a parliamentary armed forces commissioner.
Why is there that difference and why, in line with what the Minister said in an earlier answer, can we trust the independence of this new appointment?
The right hon.