The number of beds occupied by flu patients is much higher than this time last year—somewhere between three and four times higher.
The number of adult beds closed due to norovirus has reduced in the latest figures, but it is still above last year, when 485 beds were closed—the latest figure is 666.
On ambulance responses, we have seen many more call-outs this year.
There has been a 3.8% increase in emergency admissions compared with the same period last year, with the highest November on record for A&E attendances.
Ambulance response times are nowhere near where we would want them to be because of the enormity of the pressure, which is why I have been out on the frontline, including over the Christmas period.
We are not just looking at what we can do to mitigate challenges this year; we are already beginning to plan for next year, because I want to see year-on-year continuous improvement in urgent and emergency care.
I now turn to the challenges on the reform plans we have proposed and set out today.
Starting with the workforce, one of the reasons we have emphasised the importance of not just investment but reform is the need to free up the staff capacity that we already have in the NHS to best effect.
That means dealing with the number of non-attendances by sending reminders to patients and giving them ease and convenience in rebooking.
It is why we are getting rid of unnecessary, low-clinical-value out-patient appointments, with the consent of patients in every case.
It is why we are asking general practitioners to do more to manage cases in the community with  more advice and guidance, and funding them to do so, working with colleagues in secondary care to ease pressure on hospitals.
Today’s reform plan answers the challenge we have heard from people across the NHS: how do we tackle the elective backlog without doing so at the expense of general practice, urgent and emergency care, community care or social care?
The truth is that this is a systemic challenge, and we will only be able to deal with the challenge in the elective backlog by also acting on urgent and emergency care, general practice, community care, and delayed discharges in social care.
We are taking a system-wide approach to meeting this essential target.
A number of things are different from under the previous Government.
For example, on the deal with those in the independent sector, giving them the stability and certainty of working with this Government gives them the confidence to open and invest in new capital estate and new kit, particularly in parts of the country that are relatively underserved by the independent sector.
We have insisted they do that with their own staff and resources, and that they put their money where their mouth is in relation to training new staff to deal with some of those pressures.
That is how we will ensure that we will not be taking Peter from the NHS hospital to treat Paul up the road at the independent hospital.
Finally—I am happy to take more questions on the detail of the plan—the shadow Secretary of State asked what is different from 2022?
In fact, I think he asked me to commend my predecessor Sir Sajid Javid for his work in 2022.
In the bipartisan spirit of the new year, let me commend the work that he and Sir Sajid Javid did in trying to undo Lord Lansley’s disastrous top-down reorganisation, and that was a very good thing to do.
There will be a very big difference between this Government and our Conservative predecessors: real delivery, shorter waiting times and an NHS fit for the future.
Does the Secretary of State agree that his plan to transform adult social care services has already started with Labour’s Employment Rights Bill ensuring that social care workers will get fair national pay and conditions, and increased access to training and progression?