It is time all of us across the House do things differently.
I have written to my opposite numbers and the leaders of all UK-wide parties represented in the House to invite them to help break out of the cycle of political failure.
I hope all of us across the House will put aside our ideological and partisan differences, and work together on this, to finally find a way through to a long-term plan that can build the broad consensus we need.
We do not need to agree on everything, but in April we will launch an independent commission on building a national care service.
I am delighted that it will be headed by one of our country’s leading social reformers, and Whitehall’s greatest doer, Baroness Louise Casey.
Baroness Casey has served Labour, Conservative and Liberal Democrat Governments.
She is a trusted, independent figure, who will take views from all parties and, crucially, the public as she seeks to build a cross-party and national consensus on the future of social care.
She will get things done.
Her first report will be published next year, making a series of recommendations that can be implemented straight away throughout this Parliament, and her final report will come later in this Parliament.
In the meantime, we are stabilising the social care system today.
We have legislated for the first ever fair pay agreement for social care, to tackle the workforce crisis—the 131,000 vacancies we see today.
In the Budget, the Chancellor provided the biggest increase in carer’s allowance since the 1970s, worth £2,300 a year to family carers, and an extra £3.7 billion for local authorities.
On Friday, I visited the home of Keith and Elaine in Carlisle.
I saw at first hand how extended doorways and the installation of accessible kitchen and bathroom facilities have changed their lives, thanks to the disabled facilities grant, allowing them to live with renewed dignity, independence and happiness.
That is why I announced last week the immediate release of £86 million through the disabled facilities grant, to provide an extra 7,800 home adaptations before April, changing the lives of thousands more disabled people for the better, just as Keith and Elaine have experienced.
We are not hanging around on reform either.
We are introducing new standards to help people who use care, their families and providers to choose the most effective new technology as it comes on the market.
We are joining up care and medical records, so NHS and care staff have the full picture they need to provide the best possible care.
And we are training care workers to perform more health interventions to help people stay well and at home.
A lot done, a huge amount more to do and, if this House gets this right, the best is yet to come.
Turning to the elective reform plan the Prime Minister has launched today, the Government inherited NHS waiting lists at 7.6 million.
The NHS standard, that patients should wait no longer than 18 weeks for treatment, has not been met for a decade.
Millions of patients are forced to put their lives on hold while they wait.
In his investigation, Lord Darzi listed the causes of this crisis: the undoing of new Labour’s reforms, the disastrous top-down reorganisation, and slashing GPs and community health services, all of which have led to a dramatic drop in hospital productivity.
Lord Darzi has diagnosed the condition; now this Labour Government are prescribing the cure.
In November, the Prime Minister set out the Government’s plan for change—a plan to dig this country out of the hole it was left in and an act of resistance against the status quo of managed decline.
It committed to cutting maximum waiting times from 18 months today to 18 weeks by the end of this Parliament.