I am determined that through this whole process we will get to a place where creators of every different kind, whether in music, word or images, will be able very easily to protect their copyright and gain remuneration.
I also want to get to a place where AI companies will pay for the work that they look at and use to create their systems.
I note that the Conservatives are all over the shop on this issue.
They have a had a free vote, a vote on one side and a vote on the other side, and we will see whether even their Front Benchers vote this afternoon.
Recently I have been contacted by constituents with concerns that breaking into the arts and creative industries, and staying in those industries, is incredibly difficult for those from lower-income backgrounds or those living outside major cities and media hubs.
As the Minister knows, having visited Monmouthshire many times, we have no cities—only small towns.
What actions are the Government taking to create more opportunity for talented people to enter and stay in the arts industries, regardless of their background?
My hon.
Friend makes a good point.
One of the things that worries me about the creative industries in the UK is that often the only people who conceive of them as a possible career are those whose parents worked in them.
I do not want the creative industries to be hereditary; I want everybody to have a chance, whatever their background.
That is partly about  making sure we champion the creative industries, which are our economic future.
We must embrace them and ensure that everybody gets a decent chance in life.
Apart from the sensational ice cream, I am sure the Minister will join me in congratulating Skegness on being awarded the prestigious blue flag for the quality of its beach.
I am concerned that not enough people can enjoy that, however, because of the lack of direct public transport from London.
National Express has not restored its coach service since the pandemic and there is no direct train from London to Skegness.
Will he work with me and the Department for Transport to try to improve direct transport links?
That is a bit transporty for me.
First, the best ice cream in Britain is produced in the Rhondda by Subzero, and I am happy to have a contest with the hon.
Member any day of the week on that front if he wants.
Secondly, I suggest gently to him that one of the reasons the beaches in the UK improved was that we joined the European Union.
Before our membership of the European Union, all our beaches were filthy and covered in tar.
And obviously Frederick’s ice cream in Chorley.
Earlier this week, I attended the launch of the Independent Venue Community, which is a charity aiming to bring community activity into night-time music venues when they are usually closed.
Does the Minister agree that such innovative thinking is beneficial to health and wellbeing, the arts sector more generally and town centre renewal?
What support can the Department offer to see such schemes rolled out nationwide?
All I really want to say is yes, because I agree with everything my hon.
Friend said.
Since you like brevity, Mr Speaker, and brevity is the soul of wit, I am just going to say yes.
One of the best experiences I had as a Minister in DCMS several years ago was visiting 114 places around the country.
I extend an offer to the Minister to come to Salisbury to see the work of Wiltshire Creative.
Salisbury international arts festival is starting this weekend, and we would welcome his insights on how collaboration to maximise investment in cultural growth in south Wiltshire can be facilitated.
I get a lot of invites. [
Interruption.]
Yes, I honestly do get a lot of invites—and some of them I take up.