The forensic accounting research published in 2023 revealed that Queen Anne’s Bounty was linked with African chattel enslavement in two main ways: significant investments in the South Sea Company; and benefactions received from individuals whose income may have derived from slavery.
The fund for healing, repair and justice is the Church Commissioners’ response to these findings.
My hon.
Friend will be aware that there is a lot of interest in the relationship between the Church and the slave trade.
Is she able to say over what period the   Church made profits from the slave trade?
Is she able to specify the names of the companies that the Church invested in, or even the names of the slave plantations?
Is she able to quantify exactly how much money the Church made over the period when it was involved in the slave trade?
And is she able to say whether the Church’s profit from the slave trade is still part of its income today?
I thank the Mother of the House for the seven or eight questions that she has asked—she will forgive me if I write to her in response to many of those points.
To reiterate, the Church received benefaction from individuals who profited from enslavement and invested in the South Sea Company, which was deeply linked with the slave trade.
The Church Commissioners have been investigating the Church’s historical links in this area since 2019, and published a full and transparent report in January 2023.
I am happy for that document to be shared with my right hon.
Friend and it can be placed in the House of Commons Library, if that is helpful.
I will write to her, but I am also very happy to meet her, because she shows a keen interest in this area.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Education if she will make a statement on whether the Government will be accepting the school teachers’ review body’s pay recommendation for 2025-26.
May I start by thanking our teachers, school leaders and school staff for all they are doing right now to ensure a successful exam season for students, and indeed for all their hard work throughout the year?
Rather than scaremongering with fantasy statistics, the Government are getting on and delivering.
We are already seeing positive signs that our plan for change is working.
Teacher recruitment is up, with 2,000 more people in training than last year.
Teacher retention is up, with thousands more teachers forecast to stay in the profession over the next three years.
This Labour Government are getting on and delivering.
Unlike the Opposition, who last year sat on the STRB report, hid from their responsibility and left it to Labour to sort out, this afternoon we will announce the teachers’ pay award, which will be the earliest announcement for a decade.
We understand the importance of giving schools certainty, giving them time to plan their budgets, and ensuring that they can recruit and retain the expert teachers our children need.
The Secretary of State’s written ministerial statement will be coming out this afternoon—[Interruption.]
It will show once again that this Labour Government—
Order.
I have granted the urgent question, so please will Members on the Opposition Front Bench wait for the Minister to finish her answer.
I do not want you, Ms Trott and Mr O’Brien, to be a bad example of this school class.
The written ministerial statement is laid before the House and will be coming out this afternoon, showing once again that this Labour Government are getting on and delivering on our plan for change.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Mr Speaker, this is absolutely outrageous.
It is astonishing that we have had to summon the Government to the House today, but the Minister cannot even tell us what pay rise teachers will get and whether it is going to be funded.