Can the Minister tell us how the Government are turning the tide in the teacher recruitment and retention crisis, which reached unprecedented levels over the past decade?
This is a key priority for us.
We want to ensure that we have the teaching workforce that children deserve, but that teachers deserve, too—they deserve to have a full fleet of teachers teaching the specialist subjects that they love, are committed to and are trained to teach.
We know that key to unlocking the outcomes for children is having good, qualified teachers in every classroom, which is what we are legislating to achieve.
It is also key for children with additional learning needs or disabilities that we ensure that every teacher is a teacher for special educational needs and disabilities, so that more children can be educated in their local school with their peers and get the outcomes they deserve.
I was a school governor for 13 years and served as a finance governor, so I know these issues well.
I want to draw the Minister’s attention to the plight of small, rural primary schools.
There are many such schools in my constituency, and they are really up against it with the costs that they face.
In the school that I served, 86% of the budget was spent on staffing, so a significant unfunded increase in staffing costs, whether through national insurance or salary contributions, has a huge impact.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss sparsity funding and the equalisation of per capita funding so that primary schools in small, rural areas are not so serially disadvantaged?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his thoughtful question and for his years of service as a governor.
I cannot reiterate enough how much we value the work that governors do in schools, and we need more people to step up and take the rewarding opportunity to support schools in that capacity.
He rightly raises the challenges, which we know differ across schools, and that is why school funding is not uniform across schools; it varies according to circumstances.
We are looking at the funding formula to ensure that it does allocate resource where it is most needed and where it can give the greatest outcome and the greatest benefit.
Rather than the synthetic outrage from the former Chief Secretary to the Treasury,  the right hon.
Member for Sevenoaks (Laura Trott) , who served in a Government that brought  cuts to schools, I really welcome that the Government are serious about addressing the regression teachers faced in their pay, as well as the fact that support staff were pushed on to the minimum wage.
I trust that in the statement there will be sufficiency in the funding for schools, but will the Minister also get a grip of escalating chief executive pay, which is doubling, meaning they have six-figure salaries?
It is really important that they are not taking more out of the funds that should be invested in children’s education.
My hon.
Friend speaks with great insight; I know she cares passionately about maximising outcomes for children.
I know that every school leader—indeed, those at any level within a school, but particularly those at the senior level—will want to ensure that in any decisions they make on pay, they are prioritising outcomes for children.
Schools in my constituency tell me they are struggling.
Serious pressure is being put on their staffing budgets by the national insurance contributions increase, and that is exacerbated by the appallingly slow approval rate of special educational needs inclusion funding and education, health and care plans by the now Lib Dem-run Cambridgeshire county council.