Our primary support for the creative industries in Wales is through the tax reliefs available to video games, the audiovisual sector, theatre, museums and orchestras, and also through the screen industry’s research and development firm Clwstwr, which is based in the Cardiff region.
A musician, an animator and a horror writer are among the many constituents who have written to me recently to express their concerns about generative AI being trained on their work without compensation and without their consent.
They need action now, not in 18 months when the damage will have been done and their work will have been scraped.
What will the Minister do with the opportunity before us this afternoon in the Data (Use and Access) Bill to ensure that our fantastic creative industries have their copyright protected and can grow?
The UK is a creative content superpower and we should do nothing to undermine that.
In my hon.
Friend’s constituency, there is a famous gallery that produces blue plaques, which celebrate many of the creative industry heroes around the country—I launched the one for Cary Grant in Bristol not long ago.
I am keen that we make sure that we protect those industries and enhance them for the future.
She basically asked whether we could have a debate later today on the data Bill, and we are going to have one.
The creative industries in Wales are incredibly important, but it is also incredibly important to have creative industries everywhere in this United Kingdom.
There is an opportunity for those in Northern Ireland, Scotland, Wales and England to have creative industry exchanges.
Is that something that the Minister has considered, so that the benefits from Wales can come to Northern Ireland, Scotland and England and we can all gain?
Yes, very creative.
Very creative indeed—all the way from Monmouth to Northern Ireland.
All our creative industries function across the whole of the UK.
Making those links between different parts of the UK is a really important part of ensuring that we prosper into the future.
I visited Bad Wolf studios in Cardiff a couple of weeks ago to see the phenomenal filming work that is being done there.
Obviously, Dr Who has been filmed there.
I know that many of the people who have worked in Cardiff will also work in Northern Ireland, which has a very lively high-end television sector as well.
What steps her Department is taking to support the growth of creative industries in Bedford constituency.
The most important thing we have done for Bedford is secure the Universal Studios theme park, which will be the biggest theme park in Europe and one of the biggest investments in the UK for many years.
Huge congratulations to the Department on securing the Universal Studios park—it is a major investment in Bedford.
With the creative industries rightly a priority for growth, does the Minister agree that this success must also support grassroots venues such as Bedford’s iconic Esquires, which is now seeking community ownership through the Music Venue Trust’s “Own Our Venues” campaign?
Will the Minister back efforts to protect the local institutions that nurture talented community identity?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right; it is great that the theme park is coming.
The shadow Secretary of State says that it was all down to him, but he did not get it across the line.
The whole point of a deal is that it is not a deal until you actually get it across the line, which we did.
My hon.
Friend is also right that we do not just need to develop massive theme parks; we also need small venues such as the one he refers to, where I think George Ezra has performed and where Coldplay have performed twice in the past.