We have  the highest respect for schools, for school leaders, and for the teachers and support staff who work in schools.
We recognise the challenges faced across the public sector to make sure that every penny of public money is spent in the most efficient way possible and maximises the public benefit.
We are working incredibly hard in the Department, as I know we are across Government, to get maximum output for public money.
Frankly, the public sector was neglected by the previous Government over 14 years.
We are picking up the pieces of that, and we will continue to work hard to do so.
I do have some sympathy for the Minister, for whom I have a great deal of respect, but surely she must feel embarrassed to come before this House knowing all the answers to these questions and not giving them, simply because No.
10 will not let her.
In my constituency, schools are already facing a double whammy from an increase in costs from the national insurance rise, which is not fully funded, and the pressure on places.
If the teachers’ pay settlement is not funded in full, surely she will admit that it amounts to a cut.
Whenever this happened when we were in government, the first thing Labour Members would say was, “Are you matching it with funding?”
If we were not, they would scream blue murder that it amounted to a cut.
Will she just admit that if it is not funded, it is a cut to schools?
The right hon.
Gentleman is rather getting ahead of himself.
He was in the last Government, and we were left with an appalling inheritance.
We are taking tough decisions to fix the foundations and to bring back stability, because education is a priority for this Government.
That is why we are rebuilding the crumbling schools that the Conservatives left. [
Interruption.]
Fiction?
Crumbling schools?
I suggest Opposition Members speak to the schools that are dealing with the consequences.
We are rolling out free breakfast clubs, opening up school-based nurseries and, yes, providing £8 billion to give every child the best start in life through the high-quality early years and family services that the previous Government promised but provided no money to deliver.
While those on the Conservative Benches continue to try to work out what they think, we are getting on with delivering real, positive change in our country.
As the Minister says, we inherited a recruitment and retention crisis in the teaching industry.
Data from the National Association of Head Teachers shows that one in three teachers leaves within five years, and that around one in three headteachers no longer continues as a head within five years.
That is the situation we have inherited, not created.
What is the Minister doing to turn the tide on the recruitment and retention crisis?
We did inherit a dire situation.
Children were not being taught by the expert teachers they should have been taught by, and teachers were stretched to the limit.
That is why the first thing we did was to reset the relationship between the Government and schools, which for years had resembled some sort of combat.
We want to work with schools.
We recognise how hard they are working to deliver for children, and we want to work with them to support them in any way  we can.
That means having high-quality teachers and good-quality teacher training.
It means supporting every teacher to be trained to meet the needs of children with special educational needs and disabilities.
It means maximising every pound so that it can get to the frontline—to the children—by reducing other costs in schools.
We will continue to work with schools to do that, so that we can ensure that every child has the expert teacher they deserve and will not be let down any more, as they have been for the last 14 years.