As we all know, aid has been prevented from getting into Gaza.
We need it to be allowed in.
The hon.
Member for Arbroath and Broughty Ferry, representing the Speaker’s Committee on the Electoral Commission, was asked—
If he will make an assessment of the adequacy of the resources available to the Local Government Boundary Commission for England to deliver electoral arrangements under the “English Devolution” White Paper.
The commission’s approach to managing its work programme supports it with accommodating work arising from the “English Devolution” White Paper while still delivering periodic electoral reviews.
The committee has agreed to some additional resourcing for the commission for this financial year.
That will help to respond swiftly and effectively to any request for assistance in relation to the development of electoral and boundary arrangements for newly established unitary authorities.
I declare an interest: I am a Central Bedfordshire councillor.
It is important that the boundary commission delivers electoral arrangements that provide strong local representation throughout English devolution.
Will the hon.
Member assure the House that resources available to the commission with be sufficient to ensure that representation is not sacrificed on the basis of arbitrary timelines for devolution?
The hon.
Member raises a good point and has some good inside information.
Some £500,000 has been allocated, but the committee will keep that under periodic review in co-operation with the commission.
It is right that we have properly resourced boundary commissions, but we have more than one in England: the Boundary Commission for England and the Local Government Boundary Commission for England.
Have there been conversations at the Electoral Commission or elsewhere about amalgamating those two commissions or pooling resources in order to save taxpayer money?
I am not aware of such conversations at the moment, but I will raise that with the commission on her behalf.
The hon.
Member for Battersea, representing the Church Commissioners, was asked—
What steps the Church is taking to help increase interfaith cohesion.
The Church is a presence in every constituency across the country, working alongside all faiths.
Interfaith advisers work closely with local faith leaders, local authorities and other public bodies to foster better relations and understanding of different faith communities.
Many churches, including in my Battersea constituency, take part in an annual interfaith peace walk and other events.
I thank my hon.
Friend for the work she is doing representing the Church Commissioners on this matter.
Ilford South is one of the most diverse constituencies in the country.
In central Ilford we have a mosque, a mandir, a church and a gurdwara just down the road.
Our faith groups build community resilience and exemplify the very best of humanity—they are our bedrock.
Will my hon.
Friend join me in celebrating the diversity of our faith groups in Ilford South, and what  conversations she has had with the Church Commissioners on how the Church continues to strengthen this interfaith work?
It is a pleasure to congratulate the work of faith groups in my hon.
Friend’s constituency, where there are good examples of different faith organisations coming together.
The Archdeacon of West Ham informs me that local churches are closely engaged with the London Boroughs Faiths Network, and local clergy work alongside local rabbis and imams to build closer links.
The local faith forum is hosting a walk of peace in my hon.
Friend’s constituency on  1 June , and I hope he will be able to take part.
Interfaith work is vital to our local communities up and down the country.
Does the hon.
Lady agree that leadership is important and that if the Church of England were to follow the Roman Catholic Church and appoint its leader in days rather than months, it would give a great boost to interfaith work?
Marsha, chair the conclave! [
Laughter.]
If only, Mr Speaker—though I do have the right colours on this morning.
The Cardinal for Battersea.
Oh my goodness!
The hon.