The Secretary of State was asked—
If she will produce an impact assessment for the proposed remote betting and gaming duty on the British horseracing industry.
The Secretary of State is in Japan for the world expo conference in Osaka, strengthening UK-Japan relations.
I know that she has written to you, Mr Speaker, to explain her absence.
The Government recognise the significant contribution that horseracing makes to the British economy.
In that spirit, I pay tribute to Rachael Blackmore.
She has had a fantastic impact on the sport and has enjoyed enormous success, and I wish her well with her retirement.
His Majesty’s Treasury leads on the consultation on the tax treatment of remote gambling.
The consultation is open till  21 July , and any impact assessment of any legislative changes will be a matter for that Department.
The racing industry is getting a bit tired of the warm words and lack of action.
At the last oral questions, the Secretary of State said that
“we need to treat different forms of gambling differently”,—[Official Report,  3 April 2025 ; Vol.
765, c. 412.]
but the Government have since proposed a flat tax on all online gambling, which fails to distinguish between betting on sports like horseracing, which is limited by the number of races and requires knowledge and thought, and online casinos and gaming.
However, problem rates for bets on racing are about the same as for lottery scratchcards.
Will the Minister commit here and now to making sure that betting on sports like racing is not treated the same as betting on online casinos and gaming?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman  for his question.
I am a big supporter of racing, and I appreciate how many jobs it contributes to the economy—according to the British Horseracing Authority, it is 85,000.
I know that racing is really important to rural areas and towns.
Of course, the consultation to which he refers is a Treasury lead.
It is open till  21 July , but I will reflect his comments to the Treasury.
Doncaster racecourse is the jewel in my city’s crown, and is home to the iconic St Leger festival.
Following on from the question from  the hon.
Member for West Suffolk (Nick Timothy) , can the Minister confirm that she will continue dialogue with the Treasury on the proposed flat rate of tax, recognising that horseracing—which, as she says, brings 85,000 jobs to the country nationally, and is the second largest spectator sport in the UK—is very different from online casinos and games of chance?
I absolutely will reflect those comments to the Treasury.
I have had many a fun time at the St Leger, which is just down the road from me in Barnsley, and I would be delighted to visit again, if I can.
What steps her Department is taking to help incentivise film production in the UK.
We support and incentivise film production in the UK through our range of audiovisual tax reliefs, through support for business rates relief, and through funding directly to the industry.
In Broxbourne, we were meant to be seeing the £700 million Sunset Studios project, which is now sadly not going ahead, in part due to the national insurance increase, new employment regulations and this Government’s handling of the economy.
Is that what the Government mean by supporting the film industry?
What utter nonsense!
The hon.
Gentleman may only just have arrived in this House in the last year—of course, today is the anniversary of the moment when the former Prime Minister called the election and it rained on his parade.
I simply point out that the company suspended its plans in the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency in 2023, when there was a Conservative Government.
We have fantastic film and TV sectors in Bedfordshire and Hertfordshire, and I am determined to make sure that more of our young people can access them.