Will my hon.
Friend assure me that he is acting with haste?
As Shakespeare said,
All the world’s a stage,
And all the men and women merely players;
They have their exits and their entrances.
Let us open more doors for them.
And,
“one man in his time plays many parts”.
Clearly, my hon.
Friend is one of those people.
We are determined to sort this out.
I know that there are many of us who fear that we lost many things when Brexit happened.
However, there are other wise words from Shakespeare.
As Queen Margaret in “Henry VI” said:
“wise men ne’er sit and wail their loss, but cheerily seek how to redress their harms”.
The amazing dancers at Eastbourne’s Shining Stars Dance Academy have qualified for the dance world cup in Spain this July.
It will cost thousands of pounds to get them there, though, so they have launched a crowdfunding campaign.
Will the Minister back their campaign to get to the world cup and congratulate them for their achievement?
Yes, and if the hon.
Member sends me a link, I will contribute myself.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
Please accept my apologies because, in my haste to stand up for British horseracing, I forgot to refer Members to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests detailing an event I attended at Doncaster racecourse in my constituency last year.
That corrects that.
Just to add, I thank  the hon.
Member for Rhondda and Ogmore (Chris Bryant) —the author of a good book about certain gay MPs—for his earlier point.
The hon.
Member for Battersea, representing the Church Commissioners, was asked—
What steps the Church is taking to roll out stand-alone services to bless same-sex couples.
A proposal to enable churches to opt in to the use of prayers of love and faith in stand-alone services is out for consultation and will come back to the House of Bishops in October.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that the next Archbishop of Canterbury should be someone who can show leadership on this issue, both for congregants and clergy who would want to participate in such a service, and ensure that the Church of England finally treats LGBT Anglicans in Exeter and beyond equally within the church?
I am sure my hon.
Friend will understand why I cannot comment on who the next Archbishop should be.
The process is well under way, and I am sure that hon.
Members will join me in holding them in prayer as they go about this important work.
This issue affects many people, and people have deep feelings about it.
If the House of Bishops approves the proposals to enable prayers of love and faith in stand-alone services, the business committee of the General Synod could timetable this issue for a debate in February 2026.
What support the Church of England is providing to Christians in the Occupied Palestinian Territories.
What support the Church of England is providing to Christians in the Occupied Palestinian Territories.
In October 2023, the Archbishops of Jerusalem and Canterbury launched an emergency appeal for the diocese of Jerusalem, and it receives donations from international partners, including the UK.
The fund supports people throughout the Holy Land and has supported medical services for vulnerable out-patients in al-Ahli hospital in Gaza, St Luke’s hospital in Nablus and the Penman clinic in Jenin.
Thousands of Palestinians, including children, are detained by the Israeli military.
Reports of mistreatment and torture date back to UNICEF’s 2013 report on children in Israeli military detention.
Last year, the UN special rapporteurs highlighted the escalating use of torture against Palestinian detainees with people raped, electrocuted, waterboarded, suspended from ceilings, tied to beds, blindfolded and made to wear nappies.
What can the Church do to help end this appalling cruelty?