In fact, according to the accounts for EFL championship clubs covering the season ending May 2024, all but four clubs were making a loss, with an average loss of £17.5 million for the period.
What more can we do to speed up a deal between the Premier League and lower-league clubs to ensure that funds are fairly distributed, and to help so many local teams survive?
Continued delays to a potential new distribution deal serve no one, and we understand the uncertainty and instability that they can cause many clubs, including Swansea City.
We are backing the football regulator, which is what I encourage Members to do.
The Government are keeping our manifesto commitment.
Last week, I met Nick from Cheadle and Gatley football club, a fantastic organisation that works to help youth football, in particular, in the area.
The club is struggling, particularly with energy prices, which are impacting a huge amount of  grassroots football across the country.
What more can the Government do to get the Premier League and the larger clubs to support lower-league and grassroots clubs, in particular with energy prices?
I know from my constituency the huge benefit that grassroots club bring.
Of course, the Premier League sends a huge amount of money down through the pyramid.
We are introducing the football regulator, which will be able to help secure a deal if a voluntary deal cannot be reached; we also have the Football Foundation, which works with the Premier League to put money into grassroots football.
I would be happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman to discuss the matter further.
I wholeheartedly support the Football Governance Bill, which is about to begin its Committee stage in this place.
It is crucial that we support football at all levels of the football pyramid.
What work is the Minister doing to ensure that an adequate number of 3G and 4G pitches are available in areas like my constituency?
My hon.
Friend is a strong champion for her area, and I have met her to talk about grassroots facilities in Dudley.
We are working with the Football Foundation to ensure that we invest up and down the country in our grassroots facilities.
Can the Minister give assurances to football fans in my constituency that with the burdens of the Employment Rights Bill, the hike in national insurance contributions and the introduction of yet another regulator, there will not be a hike in ticket prices?
I simply do not recognise the premise of the hon.
Gentleman’s question.
The Government are committed to our manifesto commitment.
The Minister for Creative Industries, Arts and Tourism reminds me that it is a year since the general election; prior to that,  the right hon.
Member for Daventry (Stuart Andrew)  and I were on the previous Football Governance Bill Committee, where we spent many hours together.
This Government have strengthened that Bill, and fans will now be consulted on ticket pricing.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
The nominee for the chair of the football regulator continues to raise serious questions.
During the Select Committee hearing, it was revealed that the candidate had donated to both the Secretary of State and the Prime Minister’s leadership campaigns, something I do not recall being declared on Second Reading.
The Secretary of State has now, rightly, been forced to recuse herself from the process.
Given that it is likely that there will be a prime ministerial interest in the appointee, will the Prime Minister do the same?
There is no suggestion of wrong- doing.
Indeed, David Kogan was approached under  the right hon.
Gentleman’s Government for the role.
We have full confidence in him; he was endorsed by the cross-party Select Committee.
May I gently point out that the gentleman in question was approached not by me or by any other Minister, but by the permanent secretary who is not a political appointee.