Gentleman does not like being happy, but if I might just quote “Hamlet” to him:
Our doubts are traitors,
And make us lose the good which oft we might win
By fearing to attempt.
I think we’ve got the return of Sir John Hayes.
I thank the Minister for his encouraging remarks about the progress of the UK-EU deal.
Does he agree that the changes that we are making will support the vitality of London’s west end, and provide a strong foundation for tackling the issue of carnets in our future negotiations with the EU, so that we can continue this great work?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The west end of London is very important to not just our film industry, but our tourism.
Cultural exchange with other countries in Europe is a really important part of the deal that we have struck, and we want to build on that.
The more we can do so over the coming months, the better.
Mr Speaker, I do not know if you talk to your counterparts anywhere else in Europe, but if you could raise the matter with them as well, that would be very helpful.
Marvellous.
We’ll talk to Carolyn Harris now.
No, I do apologise; I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
I am pleased to not be forgotten today. [
Interruption.]
If we are abolished, perhaps we will all be forgotten.
There have been previous positive statements on touring performers, but there was no concrete good  news in the UK-EU deal.
Touring performers are reliant on this Department to fight their corner, as are the rest of the creative industries, not least on artificial intelligence and copyright, which we are talking about later today.
The Minister says he is burying the rumour about the abolition of DCMS, so why do so many people here think it will happen, and why is it being briefed to the press so often?
The question I am asking myself is: why on earth is the hon.
Gentleman perpetuating daft rumours?
Honestly, the Department is not going to be abolished; it would be absolute madness.
This Department touches the lives of nearly everybody in the country, every single day of the week, whether through sport—football, rugby, cricket, tennis—broadcasting, or our wonderful creative industries.
So many different aspects of what we do touch everybody’s lives.
I cannot see any way in which the Department will be abolished.
The hon.
Gentleman’s question was about EU touring.
If he talks to all the liberal-leaning Governments in Europe, I talk to all the socialist-leaning Governments in Europe, and the Tories speak to, well, their colleagues in Europe—for that matter, Reform could speak to some of the barmpots in Europe—then we might manage to secure EU touring.
What discussions she has had with the Premier League on the distribution of funding to lower league football clubs.
The Government recognise the importance of distribution to the health of English football, and have engaged extensively with football authorities, including the Premier League, to encourage industry to come to an agreement that works for the football pyramid.
If industry is not able to solve the issue, we, of course, have the Football Governance Bill, which gives the independent football regulator the power to ensure that such an agreement is made.
English Football League clubs like my local team, Swansea City, are struggling.
In fact, according to the accounts for EFL championship clubs covering the season ending May 2024, all but four clubs were making a loss, with an average loss of £17.5 million for the period.
What more can we do to speed up a deal between the Premier League and lower-league clubs to ensure that funds are fairly distributed, and to help so many local teams survive?
Continued delays to a potential new distribution deal serve no one, and we understand the uncertainty and instability that they can cause many clubs, including Swansea City.