The Cardinal for Battersea.
Oh my goodness!
The hon.
Member for Brigg and Immingham (Martin Vickers)  makes a really important point about the importance of interfaith working, and it happens at all levels—we have our local clergy but also faith leaders and advisers working across all different faiths to bring us together.
What happened last summer during the riots was a good example of how interfaith leaders work together.
What progress the National Church Institutions have made on improving safeguarding.
I thank my hon.
Friend for continuing to rightly hold the Church to account on this issue.
As he knows, in February the General Synod voted to adopt a partially independent safeguarding model that includes an external scrutiny body and a commitment to carry out further work to identify the legal and practical challenges of moving towards a fully independent safeguarding model.
Next month I will meet the Safeguarding Minister alongside my constituent and a group of survivors of abuse and safeguarding failure within the Church.
I thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Battersea (Marsha De Cordova)  for the work she has been doing to push the case for fully independent safeguarding processes.
Will she continue to impress upon colleagues the need for full independence in terms of operations and oversight within the Church?
I reiterate that it is really important that Members, including my hon.
Friend, continue to raise this issue and hold the Church to account.
The Church  is undertaking detailed work to look towards seeking to go with a fully independent model.
In the meantime, the Church is getting on with setting up the external scrutiny body, which is likely to be on a statutory basis, in order to give it depth and may require legislation.
As I have said on many occasions in Church Commissioners questions, it is so important that the Church seeks to restore and rebuild trust, and that begins with ensuring that we have a credible model for safeguarding.
I thank the Second Church Estates Commissioner for her response.
The churches should always be a place for those who seek help, assistance, support and comfort whenever things have happened that are completely against the teachings of the Bible.
For those who carry out these heinous crimes, there must be no excuses and no apologies; they must go to court to face the allegations that are made against them, and then when the crimes are proven, they must be sent to jail.
The Church’s foundation is God and the teachings of the Bible.
Those who carry out those crimes deserve absolutely no help within the Church whatsoever.
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right.
Justice must be served regardless of the institution a crime is committed in.
What steps the Church Commissioners are taking to ensure value for money for leaseholders.
The Church Commissioners property team regularly meets and engages with residents associations, as part of its programme of support for its tenants, to ensure best value for money for leaseholders.
I thank my hon.
Friend for the time she spent with me and my constituents of the Hyde Park estate to discuss tackling some of the high service charges they are facing.
Does she agree that it is vital that the Government continue to make progress on the regulation of managing agents so that these high costs are clamped down on and there is more accountability for leaseholders?
I commend my hon.
Friend for all the work she is doing on this important issue, which affects many constituencies, and it was a pleasure to meet her and members of that residents association.
We all know that many managing agents behave in ways that are not fit for purpose.
It is absolutely right that we need legislation to deal with unscrupulous managing agents, because things cannot continue in the current vein.
I thank her for all the work she is doing.