I think my hon.
Friend has put it very well.
One of the things I think we should be proudest of in England is the success of English schools over the last 10 to 14 years.
Frankly, the differences in outcomes in England from those in Labour-run Wales or SNP-run Scotland have been very striking, demonstrating that, while for sure there are brilliant teachers across the United Kingdom, the different system in England has enabled its schools to flourish.
While I welcome the fact that the Minister is bringing the statement out early and I appreciate the work the Government have done on it, I am afraid that I do share the frustration of my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Sevenoaks (Laura Trott)  and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Sleaford and North Hykeham (Dr Johnson) , who is no longer in her place.
The Minister must appreciate that frustration, given that she was sitting on the Opposition Benches only a few months ago, as no doubt she will be again in only a few years’ time.
The reality is that it is very difficult to represent those who send us here if we are not given information.
I was sent a letter by Simon Beamish, who runs the Leigh Academies Trust, and he told me that schools in my area of west Kent are already going to have redundancies or are going to make choices based on the unfunded pledges that have been given.
Will the Minister make a commitment that the next pledges will be funded?
That was a very long question.
It was a very long statement that managed almost entirely to look backwards, while fantasising about the future.
The right hon.
Member will receive the information, as will everybody else, when the statement is published at the announced time this afternoon.
I declare an interest, as I was a primary school governor right up until the election and I am the chair of the all-party parliamentary group for schools, learning and assessment.
It is quite shocking to hear Opposition Members’ protestations about school funding, given the absolutely dire state in which they left school funding after 14 years of Conservative government.
When I speak to school leaders in my constituency, they tell me about their real and lasting struggles to balance their budgets.
I understand that the Minister cannot speak today about the outcome of the review until the statement, but can she give us information more broadly about conversations she has had as part of the spending review, so that we can get the funding we need to invest in schools and turn around the dire situation we inherited?
I would like to take this opportunity to put on record my thanks to school governors.
My hon.
Friend mentions that he was a governor up until  the election.
We really are grateful to school governors for everything they do on a voluntary basis to support schools to be as good as they can be.
As a Government, we will always work with them and schools to support improving outcomes for children.
The Department will do everything it can within the incredibly tight fiscal constraints we inherited.
As a Government, we are committed to our public services, which we know will transform the lives of children and everybody in this country.
We will continue to do that.
The Minister, in her response to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Twickenham (Munira Wilson) , referred to imaginings, but I do not think it is an imagining to suggest that the Secretary of State, in her response to the STRB, said that some efficiency savings would have to be found in schools to meet the additional costs.
Earlier this week, I had a roundtable with headteachers from my constituency and beyond.
The Minister also talked just now about “fantasising about the future”.