The whole point of a deal is that it is not a deal until you actually get it across the line, which we did.
My hon.
Friend is also right that we do not just need to develop massive theme parks; we also need small venues such as the one he refers to, where I think George Ezra has performed and where Coldplay have performed twice in the past.
That is one reason I am really glad that we have now managed to get over the line a levy on arena tickets to help fund small music venues across the whole of the UK.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Since the last Question Time, we have closed the deal on a multibillion-pound investment in a new Universal Studios theme park, and the Secretary of State has signed a cultural co-operation agreement between the UK and India, which helped underpin the free trade agreement that we concluded this month.
I have been working with colleagues in the Department of Health and Social Care to deliver a solution to the ongoing uncertainty facing the advertising and broadcasting sectors, as will be reported today in a written ministerial statement.
The Under-Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Barnsley South (Stephanie Peacock) , the whole of the Department and the Secretary of State worked hard with thousands of others, including the Royal British Legion, to deliver an 80th anniversary of VE Day that we can all be proud of.
Mr Speaker, I should just say that today’s Order Paper, as you know, refers to Members of Parliament who gave their lives during the second world war, which is actually an idea I came up with many years ago.
However, there is a little mistake in it today.
It refers to Major John Cartland, but it was actually Major Ronnie  Cartland who gave his life in the war.
He was one of the bravest people, and he protected thousands of others by giving his life in the retreat to Dunkirk.
I am glad you had a good idea, and I am glad I could fulfil your idea.
Congratulations, Mr Speaker.
GrimFalfest is part of Grimsby’s brilliant award-winning Viking festival.
It launched in 2022, attracting more than 20,000 visitors, and now talented local producer Julia Thompson is developing the concept and turning Grimsby into the destination of Havelok’s kingdom.
What support can the Minister offer for heritage-led tourism projects, which create economic opportunities in places such as Great Grimsby and Cleethorpes?
I have looked at some of the material for Havelok’s weekend—I think he is getting a weekend.
I did not know the story of Grim, the fisherman who saved the young Prince Havelok, but it is a great story.
It is also good to see that there is a new artwork to modernise the old artwork outside the Grimsby Institute.
My hon.
Friend is right that we need to do more for our coastal communities.
I call the shadow Minister.
The Minister will know that our creative sectors, including our artists, writers, publishers and the fashion industry to name a few, are all fighting for their professional lives as artificial intelligence companies use their intellectual property for AI models.
Why will the Government not put an end to the AI copyright issue and back the amendments from the Lords, which have such overwhelming support?
For a start, we will have that debate this afternoon.
I am determined that through this whole process we will get to a place where creators of every different kind, whether in music, word or images, will be able very easily to protect their copyright and gain remuneration.
I also want to get to a place where AI companies will pay for the work that they look at and use to create their systems.
I note that the Conservatives are all over the shop on this issue.