Is it not clear that only the Conservatives will save our sports pitches from this “say one thing and do another” Labour Government?
I simply do not recognise the shadow Minister’s comments, and I will not take any lessons from the Conservatives on facilities, given that they oversaw a decade of council cuts that left many of our sport and leisure facilities in desperate need of renovation.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of the cultural co-operation agreement between the UK and India on economic growth in the UK.
The programme of cultural co-operation, which the Secretary of State signed earlier this month, creates significant opportunities for the UK’s cultural sectors to reach a market of over 1.4 billion people in India.
We expect this agreement to create skilled jobs and opportunities for young people from Southall to Kolkata over the next five years.
The Liberty cinema in my constituency of Ealing Southall, now the Himalaya Palace shopping centre, was the first cinema in the country to regularly show Bollywood films, and Southall has formed the backdrop of many a Bollywood movie since then, so I welcome this agreement to increase co-operation between the UK and Indian film industries for the benefit of both economies.
What more can the Government and the Minister do to encourage cultural partnerships, so that the next generation of the British Indian diaspora in Southall can continue to enjoy their vibrant heritage?
There could not be a better constituency MP than my hon.
Friend to highlight this subject, and to show this symbolic uniting of Indian and British culture.
I think British bhangra originally came out of Ealing Southall, and so many Anglo-Indian writers have been quintessential in determining the future of the British language, and will be part of our literary future.
I am absolutely delighted that we have this cultural agreement, and we are determined to work with our Indian colleagues on progressing all the ideas that my hon.
Friend and others have come up with.
I call the Chair of the Culture, Media and Sport Committee.
Whether it is Bollywood, Hollywood or Borehamwood, I am sure the Minister will agree that our British cultural and creative industries are our global economic superpower.
While the Secretary of State is AWOL today, rumours abound that the whole Department for Culture, Media and Sport is for the chop.
The Minister must see that this sends a terrible message to those sectors about how little their Government value the power of those industries.
Will he take this opportunity to put that rumour to bed, and if he cannot, will he take this chance to put on record that it is a horrible idea?
If we were to get rid of the Department, one of the worst consequences would be our having to get rid of the Select Committee as well—and, for that matter, all those on the Opposition Front Bench.
Oh hang on, maybe it is a good idea.
No, let us be serious.
First, the Secretary of State is not absent without leave.
She is doing the very important job of building our relationship with Japan.
Secondly, I am not going to put this rumour to bed—I am going to bury it.
I am absolutely certain that in a year’s time we will be able to sing, in the words of Stephen Sondheim from the musical “Follies”, “I’m still here”.
What steps she is taking to help increase the number of covered tennis courts in Hartlepool constituency.
I am a huge supporter of tennis and the vital role that it plays in getting people active.
I enjoyed a fantastic trip to the National Tennis Centre in November, and had the pleasure of meeting staff at the LTA.
The Government are committed to ensuring that everyone, regardless of background, has access to and can benefit from quality sport and physical activity opportunities.