We are working at pace to ensure excellence for every child.
That is why we remain committed to our manifesto pledge for 6,500 teachers and to ensuring that it responds to the demand in secondary schools, special schools and further education.
We know that high-quality teaching is the in-school factor that has the biggest positive impact on a child’s outcomes, breaking down barriers to opportunity for every child, so recruiting and retaining high-quality teachers is clearly absolutely central to our vision for delivering high and rising standards.
That is why, despite the challenging financial context and years of missed recruitment targets, we are getting on and delivering on our plan for change.
The right hon.
Lady will have to wait, like everybody else, for the statement that she knows is coming this afternoon.
I call the Chair of the Education Committee.
Teacher pay is absolutely vital for the status of the profession, for the quality of life of teachers and for recruitment and retention of the vital skilled and qualified staff who are the backbone of our education system.
It is really important that the Government’s response this afternoon begins the work of restoring teacher pay after the last 14 years, when we saw, by any objective measure, a shocking erosion in teacher pay under the previous Government.
That has affected recruitment and retention and had a devastating impact on teacher morale.
Those on the Conservative Benches should take note of that, because we would all benefit from a little more humility in the context of the legacy that they left behind.
Can I press the Minister on the extent to which the pay award will be funded?
We know that there are already extensive pressures on school budgets, and schools are very anxious about that matter.
Also, will this afternoon’s statement include support staff pay, and will it begin the process of restoring that pay?
We know how vital our teaching assistants and other support staff in our schools are.
I thank my hon.
Friend for her thoughtful contribution.
I find it somewhat disconcerting that she is being barracked by Conservative Members, when she performs a really important function for this House and is very assiduous in holding the Government to account—rightly so, as that is her role.
She was right to reflect on the degradation of teachers’ pay over the past 14 years; indeed, the first thing this Government did was get last year’s STRB recommendation out of the drawer and process it—a recommendation that the last Government hid and, frankly, ran away from.
We implemented the 5.5% pay award.
We absolutely recognise that pay is a really important part of ensuring we have the high-quality teachers that we need.
The starting salary for teachers is now at least £31,650 outside of London and at least £38,766 in inner London.
We are making progress; we are seeing the green shoots of more teachers joining the profession and staying in it, and we will continue to support that trajectory in any way we can.
My hon.
Friend has also rightly highlighted the vital work of support staff in schools.
The Government’s approach in that regard will be confirmed in this afternoon’s written ministerial statement, as will all the details that my hon.
Friend so keenly anticipates.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Each and every week, I hear from teachers and school leaders in my constituency and across the country.
In my time in this place, never has their outlook been as gloomy as it is right now.
After years of underfunding and neglect from the Conservatives, schools now face a double blow of underfunded national insurance increases and unfunded teacher pay rises, if the reports are to be believed.
Together, these represent massive cuts to school budgets.
Frankly, schools expected better from Labour.
School governors in my constituency recently told me that they are all setting deficit budgets, which one described as “beyond imagining”.