It means supporting every teacher to be trained to meet the needs of children with special educational needs and disabilities.
It means maximising every pound so that it can get to the frontline—to the children—by reducing other costs in schools.
We will continue to work with schools to do that, so that we can ensure that every child has the expert teacher they deserve and will not be let down any more, as they have been for the last 14 years.
I think we would all agree that education is the best investment that any Government can make; it raises people out of poverty, improves social mobility and improves health outcomes.
Sadly, it was not a priority for the last Government, and I welcome the change in tone from the new Government, although I think it will take more than breakfast clubs to fix the problem.
The Devon branch of the National Association of Head Teachers has said, “We’re on our knees.”
Primary schools are consolidating classes because they are having to cut spending, and one secondary school in my patch will have to pay £95,000 extra for every 1 percentage point rise in pay that is not funded.
If the pay award is not fully funded, can the Minister explain exactly where schools are supposed to find this extra money?
The hon.
Lady is—understandably so, given the calling of this urgent question despite a statement being due imminently—getting ahead of herself, and we are doing an awful lot more than breakfast clubs.
I have listed just some of what we are doing, but we are working incredibly hard across the board.
Schools will work very hard to make sure that their budgets maximise the outcomes for children, and we will continue to support them to do that.
That means having a Department that steps up.
It does not stand back and criticise; it steps up.
It means supporting the buying that schools do, and making sure they are getting the best value for money in all the purchasing they do.
It means supporting them with their maintenance and management.
It means supporting them with energy costs.
We know that expenditure on energy is a big cost for schools, and the Department can provide support with good contracts that get much better value for money.
It is similar with banking and with teacher vacancies.
Schools can save a significant amount of money using the products available from the Department for Education, which we are continuing to provide, and they can use the tools available to see how they are doing and also what other schools are doing well.
We will continue to support schools to maximise—
Order.
This is like having a second statement.
The answers are getting longer and longer, but I have to get through this urgent question as we have a lot of other business.
It is important that questions are answered quickly, but also that the rest of the questions are asked.
We will now have a good example of a brief question from Laurence Turner.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
There has clearly been some learning loss among the Conservatives, because they were late in  submitting evidence for seven years in a row, causing chaos in schools’ budgets; they announced the outcome of the School Teachers Review Body process through written statements to this House; and, shamefully, they scrapped the school support staff negotiating body.
Does the Minister agree that the protestations from the Opposition will come across to teachers as false and hypocritical, because they are?
I think my hon.
Friend has put it very well.
One of the things I think we should be proudest of in England is the success of English schools over the last 10 to 14 years.