It is not for Government to decide that, but I know from my own experience that grassroots clubs   play a huge role in communities.
The Premier League contributes a lot.
It is up to the Premier League to decide how much money it puts down the pyramid.
The issue of copyright and creatives is big in the news because of artificial intelligence, but it has also been a long-running issue and it is good that the spotlight is on it.
Will the Minister look into a levy on IT equipment, so that people who provide their creative material on that receive some effective royalties, as happens under the book lending scheme?
This is an early idea, but if he starts talking about it now in government, we might get some success.
I am happy to look at anything, but we are reluctant to start putting levies on things that close down the British business.
My hon.
Friend makes a good point about trying to make sure that people have an opportunity to make a career and a living out of the creative industries.
It strikes me that with more than 50% of people working freelance in the industry, that is one of the things we definitely have to look at, and I know that my hon.
Friend has a large sector in her constituency.
Somerset is home to some iconic film locations such as Glastonbury Tor, which featured in “The Kid Who Would Be King”; Montacute House, which featured in “Wolf Hall” and “Sense and Sensibility”; and Wells, where “Hot Fuzz” was filmed.
What steps is the Minister taking to ensure that the film industry in the UK thrives and continues to use our iconic locations?
The hon.
Lady is right: one of the things that brings a lot of people to the UK as tourists—we want to reach 50 million international visitors by 2030—is seeing places where things were filmed.
I went to Bath recently and saw many different places where there has been filming for “Bridgerton” and lots of different movies.
It is an important part of our business and sometimes we need to make sure that local authorities take up such opportunities.
There has been rapid expansion of new homes in my constituency.
However, the development of sports facilities in areas such as Ashby-de-la-Zouch are not keeping pace, and in Hugglescote we see a fight to save the rec.
How will the Minister ensure that when new homes are created, we protect and develop new sports facilities in parks for local people?
This Government are committed to grassroots sport.
That is why we have invested over £100 million this year.
However, I will reflect my hon.
Friend’s comments in discussions with the relevant Department.
Billinghay swimming pool in my constituency is a much-cherished local facility, which has sadly fallen into disrepair and been unable to open for the community this year.
A very good local group is trying to raise funds to restore it.
What can the Minister do to help?
Local authorities suffered huge cuts under the previous Government, and that is why many swimming pools have fallen into disrepair.
I will  look into the issue for the hon.
Lady.
I also understand that there is a Westminster Hall debate on a similar subject the first week back after recess.
The bands I played in never quite got to a European tour—[Interruption.]
Artists tell me how much they and their teams have suffered in the disastrous post-Brexit landscape for touring artists.
We have the best bands and artists in the world and they bring huge joy to us here.
They want to share the love abroad and in so doing bring a lot of money to the UK economy.
Will my hon.
Friend assure me that he is acting with haste?
As Shakespeare said,
All the world’s a stage,
And all the men and women merely players;
They have their exits and their entrances.