Reports of mistreatment and torture date back to UNICEF’s 2013 report on children in Israeli military detention.
Last year, the UN special rapporteurs highlighted the escalating use of torture against Palestinian detainees with people raped, electrocuted, waterboarded, suspended from ceilings, tied to beds, blindfolded and made to wear nappies.
What can the Church do to help end this appalling cruelty?
The Church unequivocally condemns all forms of violence and torture, and I know I speak for many when I say impunity for abuse against Palestinian detainees must end.
But there is a hard limit on what the Church can do while the Israeli military continues to oppress Palestinians in the west bank and Gaza.
We need an end to the occupation, a return of all Israeli hostages and Palestinian detainees without charge, an immediate ceasefire and all essential aid allowed into Gaza.
We have seen increasing settler violence in the west bank, and Palestinian Christians were restricted and prevented from worshipping over Easter.
I ask my hon.
Friend to use her good offices to encourage the Church of England to do all it can, including working with other Churches and across faiths to protect the rights of the Palestinian people and ensure freedom of worship across all faiths in the face of increased harassment and violence.
We can all agree that the mass atrocities in Gaza and the attacks on civilians in the west bank have been repeatedly raised at Church Commissioner questions—indeed, by my hon.
Friend on previous occasions.
I have written to my right hon.
Friend the Foreign Secretary on this issue.
I can assure my hon.
Friend that bishops of the Church of England have regularly visited Palestine to hear from Christians on the ground, but it is clear that to see an end to military and settler attacks on Palestinian worshippers, we need to see an end to occupation.
The Church was deeply concerned that worshippers were restricted from worshipping during the Easter period.
I call the Father of the House.
This week I met Rana Musa of the Greek Orthodox Patriarchate.
Under the traditional status quo, the Israeli authorities levied arnona—the property tax—only on Church-owned business properties, but they are now levying it on Church properties used for religious purposes.
That is an existential crisis for the Christian churches in Jerusalem.
It is part of a pattern of intolerable pressure that has resulted in a reduction of the Christian population in the west bank to just 45,000 people.
That must stop.
I beg the Church of England, the Catholic Church, all Christians in this country and everybody else to shout at the top of their voices that Christians in the Holy Land deserve to be treated with respect.
I thank the Father of the House for his question.
He makes a truly important point: everybody should have the freedom to worship and nobody should be allowed to prevent that with impunity.
As he rightly says, it is up to us—the Church of England, the Catholic Church and all people of faith—to use our voices for the voiceless.
People should not be prevented from worshipping.
Open Doors reported earlier this year that about three quarters of houses belonging to Christians in Gaza have been damaged or totally destroyed.
Given that that is true for people of all faiths in Gaza, does the hon.
Lady accept that it is incumbent on the Church, the Government and all of us to support them?
The hon.
Member raises another crucial point.
This is not just for the Church; everybody has a responsibility to support the efforts to bring about a ceasefire and peace in the region and to allow aid in unimpeded.
As we all know, aid has been prevented from getting into Gaza.
We need it to be allowed in.
The hon.