I simply point out that the company suspended its plans in the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency in 2023, when there was a Conservative Government.
We have fantastic film and TV sectors in Bedfordshire and Hertfordshire, and I am determined to make sure that more of our young people can access them.
I recently had the pleasure of joining North Herts college to open its fantastic new Purwell Studios, meaning that young people in my constituency can access state-of-the-art training facilities in their area.
How is the Minister working with the Department for Education to make sure that more young people can access the fantastic career opportunities that the film sector offers?
I am glad somebody is celebrating the film industry.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right: we need to make sure that kids from every single constituency  in this land can think of the possibility of working in the film industry.
I am delighted that since we introduced our two new tax reliefs in last autumn’s Budget, we have already seen a large number of people making applications to the British Film Institute, and I am absolutely certain that that will mean that the British film and television sectors in the UK will be very lively for many years to come.
What steps her Department is taking to support the provision of grassroots sports facilities in Cannock Chase constituency.
The Government know the value of grassroots sports facilities to communities, and the role that they play in getting people active.
Sport England invests over £250 million of lottery and Government funding each year in the communities that need it most.
I very much welcome the Minister’s response.
Through the park tennis project, Cannock Chase has benefited from £215,000 of investment from the Government and the LTA Tennis Foundation to revive tennis courts in four of our parks, but the notorious British weather remains a barrier to participation, and many in my towns and villages lack access to covered tennis and padel facilities.
With the park tennis project coming to an end, will the Minister consider funding the development of more covered courts to allow my constituents to enjoy tennis, whatever the weather?
This Government want to ensure that everyone from all walks of life can get active in any way that works for them, come rain or shine.
I therefore welcome the Lawn Tennis Association’s strategic ambition to grow tennis and padel by making it accessible, welcoming, enjoyable and inspiring, but all future decisions on sports facilities will be considered in the spending review.
I call the shadow Minister.
I welcome the support of  the hon.
Member for Cannock Chase (Josh Newbury)  for our investment in his constituency while we were in government.
In all seriousness, however, I would like to put on record our condolences to the families of the two Israeli embassy staff killed overnight in Washington.
Grassroots facilities are key to our communities and our sports clubs across the country, which is why we Conservatives invested more than £500 million in the next generation of athletes.
However, in just 10 months, this Labour Government have cut the £21 million multi-sport grassroots facilities programme, scrapped the £30 million Lionesses fund and cancelled £57 million of opening school facilities grants.
Equally worryingly, they are now trying to remove Sport England’s statutory role in protecting sports pitches and playing fields across the country.
Is it not clear that only the Conservatives will save our sports pitches from this “say one thing and do another” Labour Government?
I simply do not recognise the shadow Minister’s comments, and I will not take any lessons from the Conservatives on facilities, given that they oversaw a decade of council cuts that left many of our sport and leisure facilities in desperate need of renovation.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of the cultural co-operation agreement between the UK and India on economic growth in the UK.