We all know that many managing agents behave in ways that are not fit for purpose.
It is absolutely right that we need legislation to deal with unscrupulous managing agents, because things cannot continue in the current vein.
I thank her for all the work she is doing.
What assessment the Church has made of the potential merits of implementing an independent safeguarding process.
At the General Synod in February, I called for a fully independent model for safeguarding.
Synod did not adopt that approach but did commit to undertaking some detailed work that would ensure it  could work towards that sort of model.
As I said earlier in my responses, it is vital that the Church seeks to begin to restore and rebuild trust and confidence in it.
I thank the hon.
Lady for that answer.
Horribly and tragically, one of my constituents was a victim of abuse in the Church of England.
We must never forget that there are victims and survivors involved here, and they were dismayed when earlier this year the Church of England’s governing body rejected a fully independent safeguarding model to deal with abuse cases.
The Church should not fall behind other organisations on safeguarding.
The hon.
Lady has given me her answer already, but can she reassure me that she will continue to push for a fully independent body, as that must be our goal?
Absolutely.
I was at that meeting of Synod and it was disappointing that my preferred model of full independence was not adopted.
We owe it to those like the hon.
Lady’s constituent, who was a victim and is now a survivor, to ensure that the Church works at pace towards a fully independent model for safeguarding.
The hon.
Member for Blaenau Gwent and Rhymney, representing the House of Commons Commission, was asked—
Whether the Commission is taking steps to comply with the Supreme Court judgment in the case of For Women Scotland  the Scottish Ministers of 16 April 2025.
The House of Commons Commission is always concerned to comply with the law.
The policies and guidance of the House have been reviewed and it does not appear that any immediate changes are required as a result of the judgment.
However, we are keeping this under consideration.
We will be looking at the updated Equality and Human Rights Commission guidance following its publication in draft just two days ago.
I am grateful to the hon.
Member for his response, but the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care has said that we “can and must” uphold the
“rights, the freedoms, the spaces for women as sex-based rights”.
I am therefore extremely concerned to hear reports that the House of Commons is not following the EHRC interim guidance that biological men should not be allowed to use women’s facilities.
Does the hon.
Member agree that the protection of female Members and women who work here is vital, and that the law, as clarified by the Supreme Court ruling, must be followed immediately?
I thank the hon.
Member for his question and can assure him that officials have reviewed the guidance and the policies of the House and consider that the Commission is complying with the law.
But we will review the positions once the final EHRC guidance is produced.
The hon.
Member for Battersea, representing the Church Commissioners, was asked—
Whether the commissioners have made an estimate of the proportion of the Church’s assets that may have a link to historical involvement with slavery.
The forensic accounting research published in 2023 revealed that Queen Anne’s Bounty was linked with African chattel enslavement in two main ways: significant investments in the South Sea Company; and benefactions received from individuals whose income may have derived from slavery.
The fund for healing, repair and justice is the Church Commissioners’ response to these findings.
My hon.