Gentleman’s Government for the role.
We have full confidence in him; he was endorsed by the cross-party Select Committee.
May I gently point out that the gentleman in question was approached not by me or by any other Minister, but by the permanent secretary who is not a political appointee.
I know that the Minister for Creative Industries, Arts and Tourism has been on a long audition for the role of Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport, so his comments on the rumours about the abolition of the Department are reassuring.
However, I gently point out that most of these briefings seem to be coming from No.10, so will the Secretary of State speak to people in No.10 to reassure all of those sectors that this Department will remain for the years ahead?
David Kogan was appointed to the board of Channel 4 under the previous Conservative Government.
He has been welcomed across this House and across the media and footballing world.
My hon.
Friend the Minister for Creative Industries, Arts and Tourism has dismissed those rumours.
Let us not believe everything that we read in the papers.
What discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on the provision of sporting facilities in areas of housing growth.
Access to places and spaces to be physically active, including in high-quality sports facilities, is vital for all local communities across the country.
That is why we are investing £100 million via the multi-sport grassroots facilities programme to provide access to high-quality facilities and support more players getting on to the pitch wherever they live.
In my Oxfordshire constituency, local authorities want to support the provision of major leisure facilities for our growing population, including in the new estates in north-east Didcot, Valley Park and Wantage Kingsgrove.
However, they have not found it possible to secure enough funding from developers via section 106 agreements.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss a more strategic approach to leisure provision to help us create healthier and happier communities?
Leisure facilities are vital to getting people active, and I would be delighted to meet the hon.
Member.
In my hometown of Atherstone, the leisure centre and swimming pool is beyond its useful life.
That is the case for more than 50% of swimming facilities up and down this country.
When we talk about building new homes, we need to make sure that we are building accessible communities with facilities for people to enjoy sports.
As we look forward to a fantastic summer of tennis, I would also like to put in a plea for covered tennis facilities, because half of the time it is raining, and people cannot play tennis in the rain.
We have had some very cheery messages about tennis.
The Lawn Tennis Association has done a very good job ahead of these questions.
We are committed to building 1.5 million new homes, but we want to make sure that they are communities.
I agree with what my hon.
Friend has said, and I would be delighted to discuss it further with her.
What steps her Department is taking to support the growth of creative industries in Wales.
Our primary support for the creative industries in Wales is through the tax reliefs available to video games, the audiovisual sector, theatre, museums and orchestras, and also through the screen industry’s research and development firm Clwstwr, which is based in the Cardiff region.
A musician, an animator and a horror writer are among the many constituents who have written to me recently to express their concerns about generative AI being trained on their work without compensation and without their consent.
They need action now, not in 18 months when the damage will have been done and their work will have been scraped.