I get a lot of invites. [
Interruption.]
Yes, I honestly do get a lot of invites—and some of them I take up.
I am a bit Ado Annie:
I’m just a girl who cain’t say no
I’m in a terrible fix
I always say “come on, let’s go”
Just when I orta say nix.
Cannock Chase is home to many fantastic dance schools such as the Crystal Academy in Hednesford, which has been crowned dance school of the year.
Dance can empower people from all backgrounds, but a third of schools are not teaching it, despite its being on the national curriculum.
A varied, high-quality sports offer  should not be only for a privileged few.
What steps are the Government taking to ensure that all schools can inspire their students through dance?
I think my hon.
Friend asked what steps I am taking to promote dance.
Well, it takes two to tango, and we are working with the Department for Education to try to ensure that creative education is a really important part of everything we do in all our schools.
The fact that fewer kids are now studying creative subjects is a problem, and we need to rectify it.
I heard the Minister mention this in passing, but would he not concede that the voluntary grassroots music levy is not making the progress we had all hoped for?
The Music Venue Trust has revealed that almost 95% of arena and stadium shows do not have any levy at all.
We need that income to rejuvenate grassroots venues; the Minister knows that.
Surely it is now time to think of a formal levy and even legislation, if required.
I have said that we will make the levy statutory if we need to do so, but we are making progress.
I had wanted us to have made substantial progress by the first quarter of this year.
The levy has already been applied to half a million tickets and I want to get to much bigger numbers by the end of the year.
The Culture, Media and Sport Committee did a really good job in coming up with the idea and we are determined to push it forward.
If the hon.
Member could be less grumpy, that would help.
If he could ring everybody he knows in the industry and persuade them to sign up to the levy, that would be great.
As this Labour Government deliver a national youth strategy and open a network of Young Futures hubs, what assurances will the Minister give that the Department will learn from the best practice of charities such as the Thirst Youth Café and FUTUREhope in my constituency?
Will she join me to meet them and find out more about how they deliver for young people in Hertford and Stortford?
The Government value youth services and we know the vital role they can play in young people’s lives.
I have had a number of cross-Government meetings on this issue in the last few weeks.
We continue to work on our national youth strategy, and if my diary allows, I will be delighted to visit.
I will enter the great parliamentary ice cream competition and say that Cheshire, of course, does the best ice cream.
Given the huge riches in the Premier League, should there not be a greater expectation that more money flows down into grassroots football and non-league clubs such as Knutsford FC and Witton Albion in my constituency, which work unbelievably hard just to stay afloat?
I say that especially as so many Premier League footballers live just up the road from the two clubs.
The hon.
Lady makes an important point.
It is not for Government to decide that, but I know from my own experience that grassroots clubs   play a huge role in communities.
The Premier League contributes a lot.
It is up to the Premier League to decide how much money it puts down the pyramid.