As a Government, we need to work our hardest—and we are—to support them to do so.
That means a whole range of productivity measures to support teachers with their workload, to support schools with their costs, and to ensure we grab the opportunity of technological developments so that  any teacher’s time is maximised with children in the classroom, helping them with their learning and being supported with technology to maximise children’s outcomes.
We will continue to work; we are very much looking forward, and unfortunately those on the Opposition Benches seem constantly to be looking back.
For the Government to come here today, fulling knowing their pay rise intentions but refusing to say so until this afternoon to avoid scrutiny, is disrespectful to this House, to every Member, to every constituent and to every teacher.
If I may say so, it is somewhat cowardly.
Schools across my constituency find themselves short of money to cover national insurance bills.
Five schools in my constituency that have approached me are £176,000 short between them.
Does the Minister know how many schools are short of money to pay their national insurance bills?
On the hon.
Lady’s initial comments, let me say that there are processes and procedures in this House that we respect.
We respect this House, and we will continue to do so.
There is a process by which this statement and these announcements will be made.
She will have to wait, alongside everybody, for the process that we adhere to in this House to be administered.
In response to the hon.
Lady’s second question, as she should know, our funding system is not designed so that every school and college receives funding that necessarily fully matches their precise spending, as that—including NIC costs—varies from institution to institution because of the decisions that each school makes on staffing.
We are providing schools and high-need settings with more than £930 million in 2025-26 to support them with their increased national insurance costs.
That is in addition to the £2.3 billion increase to core schools funding announced at the autumn Budget in 2024.
That means that the core schools budget, which includes the core revenue funding for schools and high-need settings, will total more than £64.8 billion in 2025-26.
We will continue to support schools to spend that money in the most effective and productive way possible to maximise outcomes for children, which are our priority.
I spent most of the last Government’s time in office scrutinising public spending, and grew weary of promises of pay or other Government decisions not being matched with budgets for schools, hospitals and so on.
When things like changes to national insurance and pay increases are made, I hope that this Government will be very honest about the impact on school budgets, and not have headlines that are not balanced with funding.
I therefore hope the Minister is making good arguments in the spending review.
Could she make sure that she really leans into the issue of falling rolls in London’s schools?
Any hoped-for pay rise, which is much deserved by teachers, will be a double whammy for schools in London, because rolls are falling and their income is therefore much lower; that will have an extra impact on staffing decisions.
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question, and for the work that she has done in this House over many years in scrutinising Government budgets and holding Governments to account.
We have  the highest respect for schools, for school leaders, and for the teachers and support staff who work in schools.
We recognise the challenges faced across the public sector to make sure that every penny of public money is spent in the most efficient way possible and maximises the public benefit.
We are working incredibly hard in the Department, as I know we are across Government, to get maximum output for public money.