That is why we are up for the fight in May.
The SNP’s renewed chatter on independence is understandable, because it wants to distract from its abysmal record of running down our public services.
Given that its plans for defence in an independent Scotland include giving up the nuclear deterrent and replacing it with little more than a Scottish navy comprising the Waverley and the Vital Spark, does the Secretary of State agree that Vladimir Putin will be rubbing his hands with glee at the SNP’s latest outbursts?
I am a great fan of Para Handy, the Vital Spark and the Waverley, but I would not want to offer them in the face of Vladimir Putin as an approach to Euro-Atlantic security.
The reality is that we have student gesture politics from the Scottish National party.
I met with the major defence companies in Greenock last Friday, and they were very clear that we are forgoing industrial opportunities now.
There is a real cost to the incompetence and student naiveté of the Scottish National party.
Businesses in my constituency and across Scotland need stability, certainty and opportunity.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that that is what they are getting from a Labour Government, which stands in stark contrast to the instability and uncertainty of the SNP and its obsession with independence?
Returning to the Dispatch Box as the Secretary of State for Scotland, I think it is striking that the SNP’s answers are no better than they were in 2017, 2014 or 2021.
I simply ask: what is its policy on a Scottish currency?
What is its policy on foreign reserves?
What is its position on a Scottish pension?
It is no better at answering those questions now than it was 20 years ago.
May I join other Opposition Members in welcoming the Secretary of State to his place?
I wish him well in that job.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Argyll, Bute and South Lochaber (Brendan O’Hara)  is not the only one with a quote that might be of interest to the Secretary of State; I have another one here.
Can he tell us who said this? “
If there is a majority”—an SNP majority—“it has got to be looked at in Westminster.”
Who said that?
I sense that it might be myself.
We would take seriously any SNP majority, but if the SNP is returned to office, I hope it will do better than it has done over the past 18 years.
I assure the hon.
Gentleman that we on the Government Benches are not anticipating defeat; we are working for victory.
Well, this might get just a little bit awkward.
The quote was not from the Secretary of State, although I welcome his contribution; it was actually from his boss, the leader of the Labour party and the current Prime Minister, who is about to turn up.
That is very awkward indeed—[Interruption.]
There he is.
Will he stick to that commitment, or will we see Labour break yet another promise?
Not least because he has just turned up, let me say that I always agree with my boss.
The reality is that we are clear and unequivocal that we do not want the break-up of the United Kingdom.
As Scots, we made our choice in 2014, and that was for a better future within the United Kingdom.
What recent discussions he has had with the Chancellor of the Exchequer on fiscal steps to reduce the cost of living in Scotland.
This Government are working tirelessly to reduce the cost of living in Scotland.
We have introduced  a national living wage, delivered a generational upgrade to workers’ rights and helped the Bank of England to cut interest rates five times, putting money into people’s pockets across Scotland.
Furthermore, thanks to our stewardship, the International Monetary Fund forecasts the UK to be the second-fastest growing G7 economy this year.