I have long argued that the criminal route, where it can be pursued, is the right route for perpetrators.
We have introduced mandatory reporting of child sex abuse, which I happen to think is a vital safeguard— I have been campaigning for that for over a decade.
I asked the last Government to introduce it, and that fell on deaf ears.
That mandatory reporting of child sex abuse is something that each and every Conservative Member voted against earlier this year.
We have given victims and survivors the power to seek an independent review of their cases.
But in relation to this inquiry, I want to go as fast as we can to get the justice that is deserved, and I want to ensure that survivors are involved in that.
We are balancing the two to get this right, and  I will continue to do so.
The Prime Minister is talking about mandatory reporting.
I will remind him what Fiona asked: what is the point, if the victims are not going to be believed?
What would be the point of mandatory reporting?
All of this is happening now—all that he is saying—is because four of those victims resigned from the survivors panel.
If they had not done that, the Government would have continued with the watering down, which we all know they were carrying out.
So yes, the victims are right to be worried.
The Prime Minister also talked about looking for a chair.
It has been 10 months since we first called for  a national inquiry—10 months.
It is shocking that the  Government still do not have a chair.
One of the final two candidates has pulled out, leaving a former police officer who the victims do not want.
What they do want is a judge.
They deserve a judge.
We are talking about the industrial-scale rape of women and girls.
Unlike most of the inquiries going on, why is it that this inquiry does not deserve a judge?
Can I answer that?
It is a serious point, because whether the inquiry should be judge-led was looked at by Louise Casey.
She decided against that for a reason, and her reasons were twofold—I will spell them out.
The first was the speed with which we could do this, and it would have been—[Interruption.]
They asked the question.
The first reason was the speed with which we could do this.
The second is really important: I was absolutely determined that criminal investigations would go on at the same time as the inquiry.
One of the problems that judge-led inquiries run into—I have seen and experienced this myself—is that they are often held back until the end of the criminal investigations, and I was determined that we would be able to run the two together.
It is because of that that we have been able to reopen 1,200 historical cases at the same time.
The Leader of Opposition asks what is the point of the mandatory reporting that she voted against.
I do not think she understands how it works.
This is—[Interruption.]
This is mandatory reporting of those who have had allegations made to them and there is clear enough evidence that they have not then passed that on.
That is a fundamental problem in the system.
That is why we have changed the law.
The Conservatives should hang their heads in shame for having voted against that vital protection.
The Prime Minister should hang his head in shame for calling this a “far-right bandwagon” when we first raised this issue.
The deputy leader or the future deputy leader—we all know who is going to win—called this a dog whistle.
What we need to think about right now is the victims and the survivors.
I spoke to one of them yesterday.
Let us remember that these are victims who waived their anonymity—an incredibly difficult thing to do—and they believe that the Safeguarding Minister has lied to them and about them.