This Government are working tirelessly to reduce the cost of living in Scotland.
We have introduced  a national living wage, delivered a generational upgrade to workers’ rights and helped the Bank of England to cut interest rates five times, putting money into people’s pockets across Scotland.
Furthermore, thanks to our stewardship, the International Monetary Fund forecasts the UK to be the second-fastest growing G7 economy this year.
Scotland is the only part of the United Kingdom where child poverty is falling, and it is also the only part of Great Britain with a non-Labour Government.
I am sure the Minister agrees that the rest of the UK deserves better, so will she be calling on the Chancellor to scrap the two-child cap in the upcoming Budget?
A child poverty strategy is on the way and will be released in due course.
I can underscore our commitment to fighting child poverty with every breath we have.
That is what Labour Governments have always done, and it is what this Labour Government will do, too.
This weekend, thousands of people will march in Edinburgh to say that Scotland demands better.
We are right to do so, because the Poverty Alliance says that one in six adults in Scotland—around 1.2 million people—are living in food insecurity.
What are the Scotland Office and the wider Labour Government doing to end food insecurity for Scots?
Our commitment to ending poverty is clear.
We have had a clear focus on living standards; work is increasingly now paying; and we are focusing on ensuring that none of Scotland’s children is subject to the poverty that the hon.
Member so vividly describes.
Before we come to Prime Minister’s questions, I am sure that the whole House will know that this weekend the Rugby League Ashes returns for the first time since 2003.
I place on the record my very best wishes to the England team, who will make the major rumble in London this weekend—the first of three matches against Australia.
The Prime Minister was asked—
If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 22 October.
On Sunday we unveiled Labour’s plan to recruit hundreds of thousands of workers into clean energy, creating quality, well-paid jobs in every quarter of the United Kingdom.
On Monday we announced the new V-level qualification, to make sure that every young person has the skills to realise their potential.
On Tuesday our first ever regional investment summit in Birmingham secured £10 billion of investment.
And today we are announcing tough  new penalties to end the scandal of pollution in our rivers and seas.
That is national renewal with a Labour Government.
Yesterday I met Claire Throssell, who is with us in the Gallery today.
Her two young sons, Paul and Jack, were murdered 11 years ago this week by her abusive ex-husband after a family court ordered that he should have unsupervised contact with them.
Claire’s bravery and her campaign are humbling, and today I am pleased that we can announce that we will repeal the presumption of parental involvement, putting children’s safety first.
This morning I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
I associate myself with the Prime Minister’s sympathies extended towards Claire, and I commend her for her bravery.
I regret to inform the House that yesterday there was a very serious breach of national security, when my Prime Minister’s question was photographed heading into No.
10 in a transparent folder.
The nation can rest easy, as on this occasion no state secrets were revealed.
However, it does make me wonder whether this Government can be trusted with a digital ID scheme that is mandatory in all but name. [
Laughter.]
I like to keep the Prime Minister on his toes.