Given that the TUC has calculated that the wealthiest 10% of households in the UK hold more wealth than everyone else in the country put together, does the Prime Minister agree with me that it is inequality, not immigration, that is a threat to our country?
We need to deal both with levels of immigration and with inequality, and that is what the Government are doing.
As we get on with trying to boost our economy, may I gently point out that if we want more equality and if we want our economy to be stronger, the hon.
Lady’s party needs to start voting for some of the measures that will make it necessary?
In March 2022, I gave birth to my son by emergency c-section—both my son and my life put at risk by a failing maternity service.
In Nottinghamshire, we know failing maternity services far too well, with harm caused to mothers, babies and fathers—over 2,400 families involved in the Donna Ockenden inquiry.
Does the Prime Minister agree that grief must be the engine of change, and that where previous Governments have failed, it is imperative that this Government transform maternity services, so that every birth is an informed birth and every birth is a safe birth?
I extend my gratitude to my hon.
Friend and to all those who spoke in the baby loss debate last Monday for their powerful and moving stories.
I was at the Pride of Britain awards on Monday night and very many people came forward to me, having heard some of the speeches from this House, particularly the personal testimonies, so I assure her that those stories really did have power in making the argument.
We do need to fix what needs fixing, so we will fix maternity services, improve safety and make sure every mother is heard and gets high-quality care.
My constituents have so many questions they would like to ask the Prime Minister, but I will settle for one today: can the Prime Minister define when grey belt is really grey?
Let me give the right hon.
Lady a simple example.
We had an example of green-belt land that was, in fact, a car park where building did not take place, and non-green-belt land that was an open playing field where building did take place.
That does not make sense to me.
That is why we have our policy.
Twelve-year-old Millie Blair from Oundle joins us today in the Gallery along with her mum, Gemma, her sister, Jessica, and her dad, Gordon.
On Millie’s 11th birthday, she was diagnosed with a rare bone cancer, which led to her leg being amputated.
Millie attends Prince William school, but she cannot access the lower playing field because the slope is too steep.
Her parents, the school and I have asked the East Midlands academy trust to put in a ramp, but it has refused, claiming that it is not subject to certain parts of the Equality Act 2010.
Does the Prime Minister agree that the trust has an absolute moral obligation to make those adjustments to give Millie full access to all the school, so that she can play and thrive with all her friends?
I welcome Millie to the Gallery—I appreciate that Members on the Opposition Benches cannot see her, but she is looking down at us and   smiling with the courage and positivity that I know is everything to her.
We absolutely salute that; we are humbled by it. [
Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear.”]
I really do find it hard to understand how a school trust could make a decision like that in relation to the ramp.