12.40 pm
With permission, I will update the House on the steps this Government are taking to realise the benefits of expansion at Heathrow airport, having invited proposals for a third runway earlier this year.
Today I am launching a review of the airports national policy statement.
Britain wants to fly, and this Government will act to meet public aspirations.
Our review of the ANPS will ensure that while we unlock long-term capacity for more flights at the nation’s only hub airport, we will also meet our obligations to passengers, communities and the environment.
Today is a step forward for UK aviation and infrastructure, supporting growth in the economy and enabling a modern, efficient transport system that harnesses international investment, boosts connectivity and strengthens UK competitiveness.
We are committed to making a decision on a third runway at Heathrow within this Parliament, and we are clear in our ambition to see flights taking off on a new runway in 2035.
We said we would get on with this, and we have.
When the previous Government set up the Davies commission, it took them five years to publish the original draft ANPS.
We will get to the same point in 18 months, with the process completed by the end of 2026, showing our commitment to delivering progress swiftly but robustly.
When we say we back the builders, not the blockers, we mean it.
But this is not a blank cheque.
Expansion at Heathrow must minimise cost for passengers and customers.
The taxpayer must not be expected to foot the bill.
That is why the scheme will be privately financed—both the core project and the related infrastructure improvements.
Extra staff and passengers must be able to get to and from the airport without turning the M4 and M25 into Europe’s largest car park.
Crucially, the expansion must align with our legal, environmental and climate commitments.
Starting the review of the ANPS is critical to delivering expansion and will provide the basis for decisions on any future planning applications.
The world has changed since the last ANPS review in 2018, which is when it was designated.
New environmental and climate obligations have been introduced, and patterns of travel have changed.
However, pretty much every UK airport saw its busiest summer on record.
We could put our head in the sand and pretend this is not the case, but we would be doing a disservice to our economy and to the next generation.
That is why, in carrying out this review, we will consider how any proposed scheme must meet four clear tests: that it contributes to economic growth across the country; that it meets our air quality obligations; that it is consistent with our noise commitments; and, crucially, that it aligns with our legal obligations on climate change, including net zero.
We will seek the independent opinion of the Climate Change Committee, which I will write to shortly to request this advice.
While a third runway at Heathrow has been factored into carbon budget 6, it is right that we update our modelling and seek the views of the CCC.
Given Heathrow’s national importance, we will also consider naming the airport as critical national priority infrastructure, in line with our approach to low-carbon energy projects.
We are further considering  whether to name a statutory undertaker as an appropriate person to carry out the project under the Planning Act 2008, providing additional clarity to stakeholders and the local community.
It is clear that this is a large and complex programme that requires a thorough and evidence-led approach.
Over the coming months, my Department will develop analysis on economic and environmental impacts of expansion.
We will also undertake an appraisal of sustainability, as required by statute, alongside a habitats regulations assessment and other necessary technical work.
If amendments are needed to the ANPS as a result of the review, we expect to consult on an amended policy statement by next summer.