We will have more to say in our plans when they are set out later this year.
It is estimated that more than 70,000 households in Glasgow live in fuel poverty.
The UK Government’s extension to the warm home discount will mean that many of those families receive money off their energy bills.
Can the Secretary of State outline how people can access that support?
The good news is that those in receipt of pension credit that tops them up to a minimum weekly income will continue to receive the discount automatically.
The scheme is opening again this month; anyone who thinks they may be eligible, in Glasgow or elsewhere across Scotland, should contact their energy supplier.
What his policy is on holding a referendum on Scottish independence.
What his policy is on the holding of a referendum on Scottish independence.
I was elected on a very clear manifesto, which made clear that this UK Labour Government do not support independence or another referendum.
If, after 18 years, the SNP is not prepared to run on its record, that begs the question: what kind of record have they left, after 18 years in power?
Behind the smokescreen  it has tried to create by talking about independence, we know the reality: one in six of us on waiting lists, rising violence and falling standards in our schools.
Frankly, Scotland deserves better.
I thank the Secretary of State for his unequivocal rejection of separatism.
He will always find on the Conservative side fellow colleagues who treasure this United Kingdom and want to shout about the most successful alliance in political history.
What specific steps can he take to prevent more taxpayers’ cash being squandered as the SNP pursues its doomed dream?
As my hon.
Friend the Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Scotland made clear, we have committed £5.2 billion to the Scottish Government this year—the largest settlement in the 25 years of devolution.
There is a very basic question that we Scots are asking: “Where’s the money gone, John?”
The reality is that our services are getting worse, not better, and we see industrial-level waste from the SNP.
That is why it is time for a new direction.
I, too, welcome the Secretary of State to his place, although it seems that his appointment has not been universally welcomed.
Indeed, I hear that the Daily Record, having asked his Labour colleagues for their opinion, feared an asterisk shortage.
One particularly caustic comrade said:
“If I had a pound for everyone who liked Douglas, I would have 50p.”
But rest assured, Mr Speaker, his appointment was welcomed with open arms on the SNP Benches, and I have to admit to having a grudging admiration for him as someone who cares not about the opinion of other people.
But with Labour tanking in the polls, and independence the majority view in—
Order.
Mr O’Hara, this is meant to be a question, not a statement.
Well, Mr Speaker, the quality of the SNP’s contributions does not seem to have improved since 2007, and neither has its arguments.
In the face of failing schools and hospitals, and the inability to build ferries in the hon.
Gentleman’s own constituency, what do we see?
Once again, dreary documents about independence.
The reality is that the SNP has let Scotland down, and Scotland deserves better.
That is why we are up for the fight in May.
The SNP’s renewed chatter on independence is understandable, because it wants to distract from its abysmal record of running down our public services.
Given that its plans for defence in an independent Scotland include giving up the nuclear deterrent and replacing it with little more than a Scottish navy comprising the Waverley and the Vital Spark, does the Secretary of State agree that Vladimir Putin will be rubbing his hands with glee at the SNP’s latest outbursts?