Friend for his question; he is a credit to his community.
I know at first hand that he has done so much hard work to help to heal, to rebuild and to look to a brighter future for Southport.
I welcome the Phab charity to Parliament; it does fantastic work to help break down barriers.
I am proud that Labour is backing our youth clubs with £30 million of grant funding, doubling the number of youth hubs and providing a youth guarantee with earning or learning guaranteed for our young people.
Our national youth strategy will be set out in the autumn.
Last week, I invited the Prime Minister to match the Conservative pledge to scrap business rates for our  high streets.
However, he declined.
Instead, he pointed me towards the small business strategy.
Since then, businesses have been in touch to tell me that the strategy will make little or no difference to their future.
With 14,000 high street businesses expected to close this year alone, and with retail businesses in my constituency facing a doubling of their business rates, when will the Labour Government deliver on their commitment to reduce business rates, given that they are unprepared to accept our policy of scrapping them altogether?
Our small business plan was drawn up with small businesses.
I sent the hon.
Member a copy online; I hope that she shared that with the 3,000 small businesses in her constituency.
That shows what we are doing. [
Hon.
Members: “Rubbish!”]
Well, Conservative Members shout “rubbish”, but this is what small businesses asked us to do.
There is £1 billion of additional lending to small businesses and £3 billion extra for small businesses to scale up, and we are dealing with late payments in the biggest reform for 25 years.
As Britain faced peril in world war two, Winston Churchill took a radical step: he changed the clocks to shift extra daylight into the evenings.
As the clocks go back this weekend, will the Prime Minister take a look at the evidence on trialling Churchill time again to cut carbon,  reduce bills, improve road safety, boost the hospitality industry and be the Prime Minister who will brighten up all our lives?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question.
We will look at the relevant material.
Many in Glastonbury and Somerton are forced to travel hundreds of miles to see an NHS dentist  or suffer in agony, fall into debt to pay for private treatment or turn to DIY dentistry, like Jennifer, who extracted two of her teeth over the weekend.
They simply cannot wait for the consultation on the broken NHS contract; they deserve immediate action.
Will the Prime Minister outline what measures he is taking to end the dental desert in Somerset for good?
I thank the hon.
Member for raising that.
Added to the list of shocking things  the last Government left us is the shocking state of  NHS dentistry—broken, like everything else under the last Government.
We are rolling out extra urgent care appointments.
In Somerset, the integrated care board is expected to deliver over 13,000 extra dental appointments  this year; I will give her more details in due course.
We are also reforming the dental contract, which will shift focus on to retaining NHS dentists.
Ahmad Al Ibrahim was only 16 years old when he was fatally stabbed in Huddersfield.
His life was cruelly taken away in what the police described as an “unprovoked” and “motiveless” attack.
Following a visit to Netherhall learning campus in my constituency last week, I know how important this issue is for young people.
Will the Prime Minister commit to redoubling efforts to tackle serious violence and knife crime through more visible policing, stronger prevention and investment in youth services?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that devastating case.
My thoughts, and I am sure those of the whole House, are with the family and friends.