I gently remind him that when his great ally and mentor, Boris Johnson, was Prime Minister, he went to such lengths to duck decisions on this issue that he ended up in Afghanistan.
The right hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right to care about consumers and cost control, and that is precisely why we are reviewing the ANPS and why we are starting the work, via the Civil Aviation Authority, on the model of economic regulation.
If we fail to plan for future capacity, prices will rise and choice will shrink.
This review will be integral to keeping the UK competitive and connected by ensuring sufficient capacity, sustainable growth and fair competition between global hub airports.
I agree with him that consumers deserve affordable fares and greener aviation, and that is what we are working to deliver.
The right hon.
Gentleman also asked about climate change, service access and our reforms to judicial reviews.
On service access, I can be clear with him that we expect this project and associated infrastructure improvements to be privately financed.
Through the ANPS review, we will be looking holistically at public transport requirements, be that southern rail access, western rail access or how people get to and from central London.
He will recall that, in the spending review, we set out the biggest investment in London’s transport for over 10 years, with £2.2 billion enabling Transport for London to buy new rolling stock on the Piccadilly line and 10 extra Elizabeth line trains.
We will work closely with our colleague, the Mayor of London, and TfL to ensure that appropriate infrastructure is in place.
The right hon.
Gentleman talked about the changes that we are making to judicial review, and I would simply say to him that we are acting where his Government had their head in the sand.
I am confident that the CAA will look carefully at competition issues in the work that it is doing.
I am also confident that, ultimately, we could create 100,000 jobs through expansion at Heathrow.
We could boost economic growth as well as opening up new opportunities for trade, tourism and travel.
We will do this properly, and that is what we are doing by launching the ANPS review today.
I look forward to answering further questions from other hon.
Members.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
I thank the Secretary of State for her statement.
I look forward to the work she does on this ANPS coming to our Committee in due course.
A third runway at Heathrow, combined with all the other agreed—or likely to be agreed—expansions of capacity in London and south-east airports would involve an increase of 177 million passengers, which would be 70% more than the number of passengers in London and the south-east from 2024.
I look forward to the Climate Change Committee’s response to the proposal, because it has said that a 35% increase in capacity would be the maximum that would keep the UK compliant with our international legal commitments.
To return to the specifics of the statement, the Secretary of State said that she seeks to minimise costs for passengers and customers, but given that the cost of a third runway will be between £25 billion and £49 billion, how exactly  will that cost not be passed on to the airlines and therefore the passengers if the Treasury is not going to fund those costs, which we know it is not?
On surface access, ever since the building of the fifth terminal, the local authorities all around Heathrow have been pushing for southern rail access to Heathrow.
Heathrow Airport has long said—and has clarified recently—that it will not pay the cost of southern rail access, so how does she expect that to be funded?