We will act transparently throughout the process.
rose—
I ask colleagues to keep their questions short, so I can get everybody in.
I sympathise with  the right hon.
Member for Hayes and Harlington (John McDonnell) ; my Spelthorne constituency is on the southern side of Heathrow airport, and the residents of Stanwell Moor, a village of some 520 homes, are half a mile away from the southern perimeter.
They have put up with a lot, including appalling behaviour by Uber drivers, holiday parking and noise pollution.
In the consultation, will the people of Stanwell Moor be engaged with directly?
I also ask that we measure air and sound pollution, and use current levels as a baseline, so that we can determine the impact of the Heathrow expansion.
In the ANPS, there will be a very thorough review of the noise requirements, and mitigations are set out in that document.
I can give the hon.
Gentleman a commitment that there will be meaningful engagement with his constituents.
Can the Secretary of State confirm that this is not a done deal?
As part of the ANPS review process, will there be a full and independent analysis of the economic costs and benefits, the environmental effects, and demand in London and the south-east, given airport expansion elsewhere?
As she says, the world has changed since 2018.
Can my constituents, who will be seriously detrimentally affected by any further expansion of Heathrow, be assured that the Government have their best interests at heart?
We will do this properly.
As Secretary of State for Transport, and as the person who may ultimately be the decision maker on any future planning application, I assure my hon.
Friend that I will approach this issue with an open mind and will apply the highest standards of professionalism and probity to the process that I am overseeing.
Egham in my constituency is five miles from Heathrow, and it is not the fact that it is overflowing that I want to ask about today.
The shadow Secretary of State for Transport, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Basildon and Billericay (Mr Holden) , visited the patch on Monday, and we waited 12 minutes while level crossing barriers were down in Pooley Green.
The Secretary of State did not mention whether trains would be part of the consultation.
Will they be within scope?
If the expansion goes ahead, we will desperately need to deal with our level crossings, and we will need better rail access from Egham to Heathrow to make this work.
I agree that we need to deal with the issue of level crossings on the rail network.
We will look holistically at rail requirements in the ANPS review.
I thank the Secretary of State for her statement, and am pleased to hear that this will be a thorough and meaningful consultation, because even though my constituency is not near the airport, my constituents in Camberwell, Stockwell and Brixton write to me regularly to say that they are suffering from air and noise pollution.
The Secretary of State talked about infrastructure; a key point will be ensuring that more people use public transport to get to Heathrow.
The reality is that some upgrades to the airport have not had the funding over many years, as the Chair of the Select Committee, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Brentford and Isleworth (Ruth Cadbury) , highlighted.
I want to tease out more from the Secretary of State on private funding, because in a number of cases, developers commit to something, but then the viability issue comes up, and the money never seems to appear.
Will she ensure that there is funding to secure the transport infrastructure that will be vital if there is any new airport runway?
How people get to and from an airport is as important as the number of planes landing and taking off, so I can give my hon.