However, it does make me wonder whether this Government can be trusted with a digital ID scheme that is mandatory in all but name. [
Laughter.]
I like to keep the Prime Minister on his toes.
Will he reverse this misguided scheme, or will he persist with a plan that makes all of our personal data vulnerable to hacks and attacks?
I thank the hon.
Member for her question.
The whole point of digital ID, of course, is that you cannot see it, so that should at least deal with her first concern.
It is important that we make access to public services as easy as possible for people.
We all know the difficulties that so many people have with accessing services, and digital ID has been shown in other countries to help.
I do think this is an important step forward.
I also think it is very important as part of our plan to tackle those who are entering our country illegally.
The number of households in Cornwall in temporary accommodation has increased by 265% in five years, so I am delighted that this Labour Government are investing £39 billion in social and affordable housing.
In Cornwall we are developing a strategy to provide housing at sites such as Pydar in my constituency, which needs support from Homes England.
Will the Prime Minister arrange for us to meet the Housing Minister at our Homes Cornwall launch next month, to accelerate discussions on a strategic partnership for Cornwall so that we can build the right homes in the right places for local people?
I know that the Housing Minister will be delighted to meet my hon.
Friend to help unlock new homes for her constituents.
We are working closely with local authorities through our small sites aggregator to build new affordable homes on brownfield sites.
My goal is to restore the dream of home ownership, which was stolen by the Opposition when they were in government.
I call the Leader of the Opposition.
May I first pay tribute to the former Conservative MP Oliver Colvile, who has very sadly passed away after a long illness?
Colleagues will remember him for his love of cricket and, of course, hedgehogs.
He will be very much missed.
Four victims on the rape gangs survivors panel have resigned, and they have resigned because they have lost all confidence in the Government’s inquiry, so I am giving my first question to one of them—to Fiona.
She said:
“Being dismissed and contradicted by a minister when you’re telling the truth takes you right back to that feeling of not being believed all over again.”
Fiona’s question is simple:
“what’s the point in speaking up if we’re just going to be called liars?”
I thank the right hon.
Lady for raising that on behalf of Fiona.
Let me give Fiona and the House my answer.
The grooming scandal was one of the worst scandals of our time.
Women and girls were abused and exploited by predatory gangs of men, and survivors have been ignored for many years, including by the state, which of course is supposed to protect them.
My vow to Fiona and to them is that this national inquiry will change that.
I do acknowledge that in recent days some members, including Fiona, have decided to step away from the panel.
Should they wish to return, the door will always be open, but even if they do not, we owe it to them, to Fiona and to the country to answer the concerns that they have raised.
The inquiry is not and will never be watered down, its scope will not change, it will examine the ethnicity and religion of the offenders, and we will find the right person to chair it.
I can tell the House today that Dame Louise Casey will now support the work of the inquiry, and it will get to the truth.
Injustice will have no place to hide.