We have a Government that have invested in GB Energy and that have a transition fund up against an Opposition that abjectly failed in  their responsibilities towards the North sea.
We just heard from my hon.
Friend  the Member for Na h-Eileanan an Iar (Torcuil Crichton)  that 77,000 jobs were lost.
That is the record that they own, and we will continue to point it out.
The Secretary of State for Energy is not the messiah.
Week after week, I come to this Chamber to ask Energy Ministers and Scotland Office Ministers why they are content to sacrifice one of this country’s greatest national assets and allow highly skilled workers to go on the scrap heap or go overseas.
As Scotland’s man at the Cabinet table, the Secretary of State knows that his job is to speak up for those people who are losing their jobs today, not to defend the Secretary of State for Energy.
Will he explain that to the people of Aberdeen when he visits next week?
I gently remind the shadow Secretary of State that there is a difference between abuse and argument, and in relation to his substantive arguments, of course I am happy to be Scotland’s voice at the Cabinet table.
That is why only next week I will be meeting a range of energy companies based in Aberdeen and listening directly to them.
That dialogue has already started.
I think we can do better than his question.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to support regeneration in Scotland through the pride in place programme.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to support regeneration in Scotland through the pride in place programme.
The Scotland Office is backing Scotland’s communities with our £292 million pride in place investment.
The plan will support grassroots movements that restore local people’s power, boost national pride and help people get on in life.
It will revitalise our high streets, create jobs and improve safety and security.
More than that, it will give expression to this Government’s core belief that communities are powerful and that in every corner of our country, we find millions of so-called ordinary people doing their best and doing their bit to transform the places they love for the people they love.
The UK Government are investing more than £41 million of funding in my constituency, including the recently announced pride in place award.
That will unlock the potential of my West Dunbartonshire constituency, matching the level of ambition I have to regenerate our town centres and communities and make them fit for the future.
Does the Secretary of State agree that this is in stark contrast to the SNP, which has given up on our communities right across Scotland and in West Dunbartonshire?
I commend my hon.
Friend on his ambition for his seat and his sterling advocacy for it.
He is right that this funding will help revitalise our high streets, create jobs and improve safety and security in  Scotland.
He is also right that the SNP is desperately out of touch with its squabbling over independence while services across Scotland are at breaking point.
Since the election last year when Labour came to power, our constituents in Scotland have seen their friends in England and Wales see real improvements in their communities and public services, while they look on and wonder what the SNP Government are squandering Scotland’s share on.
Does the Minister agree that key to the success of the pride in place funding and projects, including the £41.5 million coming to Lanarkshire, is that we are putting power directly in the hands of people to make decisions about investments in their own communities?
My hon.
Friend is right that both her constituents and mine look with some envy to the other side of the border where millions of extra NHS appointments have been secured while waiting lists in Scotland go up and up.