Despite promising us new flood defences, previous Conservative Governments left them unfinished.
With climate-related rainfall forecast to increase in the north-west over the next decade, does the Prime Minister agree that the climate change-sceptic policies peddled by some Opposition parties are both reckless and dangerous, and will he assure the people of Carlisle that this Labour Government will defend our great border city?
My hon.
Friend is right that the Tories left our flood defences in their worst state on record.
We are building them up again, investing over £10 billion to protect homes and businesses.
We have delivered over 150 flood schemes in our first year, and I want to see even more rapid progress.
My hon.
Friend is a superb champion on this issue, and we have provided £300,000 to complete the feasibility study for stronger defences in her constituency.
As last week’s urgent question highlighted, Jhoots—the pharmacy non-provider—is effectively de facto bankrupt and possibly even insolvent too.
Last week we discussed at great length the impact that is having on patients securing their prescriptions.
It is now becoming increasingly evident that while His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs is being told by Jhoots that staff are being paid, they are not.
Lana-Olivia Gulston and Blake Horwood in my constituency have not been paid since 18 July.
They are resorting to the kindness of friends and the support of food banks to make ends meet.
The Minister for Care— the hon.
Member for Aberafan Maesteg (Stephen Kinnock) —is doing fantastic work to try to drive forward modernisation of the regulations, but this situation is now impacting the work of the Department for Business and Trade, HMRC and the Department for Work and Pensions.
Could I urge the Prime Minister to convene those three Departments alongside the Department of Health and Social Care to secure a better, fair deal for patients and for those who are currently trapped in employment—not being released by being made redundant and not being paid?
I thank the hon.
Member for raising this serious issue, as he has done on a number of occasions.
It affects both his constituents and others across the country.
It is simply unacceptable that customers and staff have been so badly let down.
I know he will be meeting the relevant Minister, but let me update him now in a couple of respects.
Officials are currently reviewing whether the integrated care boards and General Pharmaceutical Council need additional powers to address  pharmacy businesses that do not play by the rules—I think that is exactly the point he raises.
That could include powers for the council to go after business owners in addition to the pharmacy professionals.
More detail will be provided when the hon.
Member meets with the Minister, but I thought it helpful to give those two indications.
Well over 1,000 youth clubs have closed in this country since 2010, having a huge negative impact on our young people.
This is despite the fact that youth clubs have a long positive history of helping young people to mature in a healthy fashion.
In particular, Phab clubs help disabled and non-disabled people to build friendships in an inclusive environment.
The Phab charity is here in Parliament later today to gain support for its work.
Will the Prime Minister commend its work and consider how best to support the youth club movement to help the next generation of young people grow into well-adjusted adults?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question; he is a credit to his community.
I know at first hand that he has done so much hard work to help to heal, to rebuild and to look to a brighter future for Southport.
I welcome the Phab charity to Parliament; it does fantastic work to help break down barriers.