Over the coming months, my Department will develop analysis on economic and environmental impacts of expansion.
We will also undertake an appraisal of sustainability, as required by statute, alongside a habitats regulations assessment and other necessary technical work.
If amendments are needed to the ANPS as a result of the review, we expect to consult on an amended policy statement by next summer.
Communities will be able to have their say and we will shortly publish an updated stakeholder engagement approach to ensure transparency and fairness throughout the process.
Earlier this year, we invited potential promoters to submit proposals for delivering a third runway at Heathrow.
Seven proposals were received and were considered by officials from the Department for Transport, the Treasury and expert financial and technical advisers.
Following that assessment, two potential schemes remain under active consideration: a proposal from Heathrow Airport Limited and a proposal from the Arora Group.
We know that we must provide as much clarity and certainty for communities, investors and users of Heathrow as soon as possible, so we are seeking further information on the two proposed schemes with a view to reaching a final decision on a single scheme to inform the remainder of the ANPS review by the end of November.
When making that decision, we will consider: the interoperability of the proposed scheme with existing infrastructure; the plans for transport to and from the airport and associated road schemes; the land take and impact on surrounding homes and communities; the evidence that the scheme can be privately financed; and the economic benefits of the scheme.
This Government are committed to moving quickly but we will also do this properly.
To deliver the scheme on time, the Government are also pressing ahead with a series of enabling reforms.
The Planning and Infrastructure Bill will streamline the delivery of major infrastructure, including Heathrow.
That includes faster consenting routes and more proportionate consultations.
On judicial reviews, we have announced that we will work with the judiciary to cut the amount of time it takes for a review to move through the court system for national policy statements and nationally significant infrastructure projects.
We are establishing the UK Airspace Design Service to deliver modernised airspace.
That will initially prioritise airspace design for the London region, supporting both Heathrow and the wider network, and will also make flight paths more efficient so that planes spend less time over London.
We will initiate slot reform to ensure future allocation maximises benefits of an expanded Heathrow, as well as approved growth at Gatwick and Luton for passengers, local communities and businesses.
Expanding Heathrow will be one of the largest infrastructure projects in the UK.
Rigorous and effective cost control will be essential to its success, both in minimising any impact on airline charges and costs to passengers and in maintaining credibility with financial markets.
The Government will therefore work with the Civil Aviation Authority to review the framework for  economic regulation for capacity expansion at Heathrow, ensuring the model provides strong incentives for cost-effective delivery.
We expect the CAA to publish a working paper in November, with a view to that work completing next summer.
This is a landmark opportunity for Heathrow, for the aviation sector and for the UK economy.
The Government remain fully committed to ensuring the expansion is delivered in a way that is timely, cost-efficient and environmentally responsible.
I commend this statement to the House.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of changes to inheritance tax relief on Scotland’s agricultural sector.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of changes to inheritance tax relief on Scotland’s agricultural sector.
This Government appreciate the role of farmers and everyone involved in our agricultural sector, and I have been delighted to meet representatives of the National Farmers Union of Scotland and other stakeholders on numerous occasions.