To return to the specifics of the statement, the Secretary of State said that she seeks to minimise costs for passengers and customers, but given that the cost of a third runway will be between £25 billion and £49 billion, how exactly  will that cost not be passed on to the airlines and therefore the passengers if the Treasury is not going to fund those costs, which we know it is not?
On surface access, ever since the building of the fifth terminal, the local authorities all around Heathrow have been pushing for southern rail access to Heathrow.
Heathrow Airport has long said—and has clarified recently—that it will not pay the cost of southern rail access, so how does she expect that to be funded?
If the M25 and M4 are not to grind to a halt, and if passengers and workers from the west and south of the airport are to be able to get in and out of the airport, how is that to be achieved?
My hon.
Friend is entirely right to raise these issues.
We will give very careful and thorough consideration to them in the airports national policy statement review, which will take place in the coming months.
She referred to the Climate Change Committee’s opinion on capacity expansion.
We are making rapid progress in cleaning up the fuel that is used in planes, and we are making huge efforts to reform our airspace, so that we can have cleaner and more direct flights.
The carbon intensity of flying has to come down if we are to have more planes in the air.
She was also right to highlight the importance of the regulatory model.
That is why we have asked the Civil Aviation Authority to do this piece of work over the coming months; it is aligned with the review in the airports national policy statement.
We will say more on that in due course.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I thank the Secretary of State for her statement, which made the Government’s intent of supporting the proposed third runway at Heathrow very clear.
It was good to hear her recognise the complexity of all that will be needed to deliver it, including major diversionary works on two of the country’s busiest motorways.
We Liberal Democrats continue to support the right infrastructure in the right place, which is why we have always supported schemes such as East West Rail and Northern Powerhouse Rail.
However, we need the right infrastructure to tackle the right problems, and there are many unanswered questions about the Heathrow third runway.
The New Economics Foundation has been very clear in its analysis that the environmental impact of airport expansion will erode a lot of our carbon emission reduction plans, and many studies have questioned the economic case for Heathrow expansion.
I would be interested to hear from the Secretary of State about the dangers of relying solely on the private sector to fund large schemes, as happened in the case of the channel tunnel, which remains an enormously underused asset, partly because of the costs that resulted from the decision to fund it only through the private sector.
It is welcome that the Secretary of State has made her support for Heathrow expansion subject to four tests, but I detect perhaps a slight hint of cognitive dissonance, and a contradiction in the Government setting out timelines for delivering something that they say is subject to four tests.
The Secretary of State said that she would hear the independent advice of the Climate Change Committee.
If the CCC decides that the preferred option for   the Heathrow third runway is incompatible with our carbon emissions and our net zero targets, will she drop her support for the third runway?
I start by congratulating the hon.
Gentleman on his appointment.
He referred to New Economics Foundation research.