Rigorous and effective cost control will be essential to its success, both in minimising any impact on airline charges and costs to passengers and in maintaining credibility with financial markets.
The Government will therefore work with the Civil Aviation Authority to review the framework for  economic regulation for capacity expansion at Heathrow, ensuring the model provides strong incentives for cost-effective delivery.
We expect the CAA to publish a working paper in November, with a view to that work completing next summer.
This is a landmark opportunity for Heathrow, for the aviation sector and for the UK economy.
The Government remain fully committed to ensuring the expansion is delivered in a way that is timely, cost-efficient and environmentally responsible.
I commend this statement to the House.
I call the shadow Secretary of State for Transport.
I am grateful to the Secretary of State for her statement and for advance sight of it.
The statement should have been brought to the House months ago.
The Secretary of State surely recognises that today marks a delay and an acknowledgment of that, rather than a decisive move forward.
The truth is that this whole process has come about the wrong way round.
Recent announcements on Gatwick and Heathrow, rather than being any clear plan for the future of British aviation, are not driven by planned and prepared work but by a clear attempt to divert attention from the Government’s growing list of crises, scandals and cover-ups.
However, we on these Benches welcome the fact that this statement has finally been brought forward to the House, because both the aviation sector and passengers deserve clarity, as do the local people who will be affected, and we hope that they will see sensible mitigations to these proposals.
Can the Secretary of State confirm what assessment the Government have undertaken so far of the total cost of Heathrow expansion, given that one of the central estimates now stands at almost £50 billion, excluding an extra £10 billion for further surface access works?
Those figures would quadruple Heathrow’s current asset base, which is already responsible for some of the highest passenger charges in the world.
If Britain is to remain competitive on the global stage, those costs must be kept down, not driven up.
Crucially, how will the Government ensure that the costs are minimised, not maximised?
I am sure that, like me, the Secretary of State does not want those costs directly passed on to airlines and then to their passengers in higher fares, because affordability must be at the heart of any credible aviation strategy.
Maintaining affordable flights is crucial for passengers, so can she assure the House that the Heathrow expansion will not result in significant pass-through costs, especially with the Government’s rises in air passenger duty, the jobs tax and now real concerns over how business rates will affect the aviation sector?
I understand that the Chancellor has claimed a third runway will be operational by 2035—something the Secretary of State has reflected today—and that she wants to see spades in the ground during this Parliament.
Of course, we welcome the reforms that will enable this to happen.
Those reforms will not have any teeth, however, unless the Government commit to backing our plan to scrap the Climate Change Act 2008.
Otherwise,  Heathrow expansion will face judicial review after judicial review, bogging down the process, driving up costs and delivering further delay.
Even Labour’s Mayor of London has said that he “wouldn’t hesitate” to launch legal challenges against a third runway.
Can the Secretary of State commit to ensuring that her own Labour colleagues—including those she worked for previously—and allies will not be the ones who prevent this important project from ever seeing the light of day?