Does the Minister agree that key to the success of the pride in place funding and projects, including the £41.5 million coming to Lanarkshire, is that we are putting power directly in the hands of people to make decisions about investments in their own communities?
My hon.
Friend is right that both her constituents and mine look with some envy to the other side of the border where millions of extra NHS appointments have been secured while waiting lists in Scotland go up and up.
Local communities are at the heart of Scottish life, which is why we are giving them control over hundreds of millions of pounds of investment to revitalise their high streets, take ownership of important local assets and build thriving and prosperous places to work, live and visit.
The Government’s pride in place initiative—their equivalent of levelling up—should be great and should be felt across Scotland, but unfortunately we are feeling the opposite in north-east Scotland because of the Government’s energy policies.
Our high streets need regeneration after a decade of disastrous decline in the sector, whether that is from SNP or Labour policies.
How will the Government act to ensure that our high streets in north-east Scotland will not be further decimated?
I remind the hon.
Lady that, of course, her constituents benefit from a city region and growth deal—there is investment going into her area.
If she has complaints about the decline of her constituency, I suggest that she looks at her colleagues and holds them accountable for 14 years of catastrophic economic mismanagement by the Conservatives.
As long as I get any opportunity, I will continue to ask why Perth, and Perth and Kinross, is not getting one penny from the current allocation.
Why has Perth and Kinross never had one single penny from any Government allocation?
Why did this Labour Government take away the £5 million that we finally got from the Conservatives?
Finally, when is Perth, and Perth and Kinross, going to get its fair share?
The allocations under the pride in place programme have been evidence led, based on data and on a formula that is progressive and puts money into the pockets of those who need it most.
If the hon.
Gentleman is worried about where money in Perth and Kinross has gone, I suggest he asks the First Minister of Scotland, who is from his own party and has received more than £5 billion.
His constituents, like mine, will be asking, “Where’s the money gone, John?”
What steps he is taking to help ensure that people do not pay disproportionately high energy prices in Scotland.
This Government are taking action to support vulnerable families this winter, including by expanding the warm home discount scheme, which means that more than 500,000 households now benefit from that £150 payment—one in five Scottish households.
Will the Minister acknowledge the unfairness that my constituents in Skye, and indeed people all across rural Scotland and rural Great Britain, are paying four times as much to heat their houses using locally generated renewable electricity—often while looking at wind turbines outside their windows—than those in cities who heat their houses using imported high-carbon gas, which is largely due to the fact that the environmental tariffs fall wrongly on the renewables and not on the carbon fuel gas?
Communities can feel tangible benefits, but those community benefits are largely voluntary at the moment.
The hon.
Gentleman makes an important point, however; that is why this Government are considering mandating the provision of community benefit funds for low-carbon energy infrastructure across the United Kingdom.
We will have more to say in our plans when they are set out later this year.
It is estimated that more than 70,000 households in Glasgow live in fuel poverty.
The UK Government’s extension to the warm home discount will mean that many of those families receive money off their energy bills.