Since the election, the UK Government’s plan for change has delivered an extra £5.2 billion to the Scottish Government—funding that can be used to improve the performance of devolved public services such as the NHS.
In June, an additional £9.1 billion of funding for the Scottish Government was announced in the spending review, so rural communities like my own are right to ask when they will see improvements in their access to healthcare.
I would also like to take the opportunity to commend charities such as the Farm Safety Foundation and its brilliant Yellow Wellies initiative for the work that they do to support the mental and physical health of farmers and all in our rural communities.
The proposed changes to agricultural property relief in Scotland  will ensure that, by still providing full relief for the  first £1 million of assets, farmers continue to benefit  from Government support far beyond that which is  available to other assets.
Given that 7% of claimants—117 claimants—receive two fifths of all agricultural property relief at a cost of some £219 million, does the Minister agree that this Government’s reforms are essential not only for fairness but to help fund vital public services in rural Scotland?
Our reforms mean that the majority—almost three quarters—of those claiming the relief will not be affected.
Only the richest estates will be asked to pay more.
This is a fair approach that balances fixing our public finances with maintaining support for small family farms and businesses.
rose—
Order.
It says Scotland in the title for these questions.
They are not linked to Northern Ireland.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
The agricultural sector is woven into the fabric of communities across Scotland.
It employs thousands and contributes millions annually to the economy, but farmers across Scotland have been left in fear for their families’ future and their way of life because this Government want to tax them out of existence.
Despite the clear messages from the farming community, supported by the NFUS, this Government are ploughing on regardless and completely ignoring the damage they are doing.
The truth is that they do not understand—and worse: because those people do not vote Labour, they do not care, do they?
I will reiterate it in case the shadow Secretary of State did not hear me: both myself and the Secretary of State represent semi-rural and farming constituencies.
We are in ongoing dialogue with constituents.
We absolutely understand the pressures they face, which is why we have said that we will support family farms and that only the very richest will be affected.
Our constituents rely on public services and they require investment in those public services, and that is exactly what this tax change was designed to do: introduce fairness but also raise revenue that will benefit all our communities, including rural Scots.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Archibald Young, a foundry in my constituency, manufactures components that are vital to our national security, yet it now faces a devastating blow from Labour’s tax changes.
We are hearing that food production—another cornerstone of national security—will also be decimated by these measures.
This issue goes to the heart of the protection of our country.
Does the Minister agree that Scottish businesses that are essential to national security must be safeguarded, and will she commit to meeting me and others with similar concerns to discuss that?
I would be delighted to meet the hon.
Lady, and I welcome her to her new position.
Food security is indeed national security, and national security is the No.
1 priority of this Government.
We are trying to safeguard it in a number of ways, including through our commitment to food security and, indeed, energy security.
I would be delighted to discuss it with her further.
What assessment he has made of the contribution of North sea gas and oil to energy security.