I start by congratulating the hon.
Gentleman on his appointment.
He referred to New Economics Foundation research.
I should be clear with him that the Government are absolutely committed to reaching net zero for the whole economy by 2050, and that we will meet our climate change obligations as set out in the Climate Change Act 2008.
We have also been clear repeatedly that any airport expansion proposals will need to demonstrate that they will contribute to economic growth and can be delivered in line with the UK’s legally binding climate change commitment.
We will engage with the CCC in the ANPS review.
Heathrow is only one part of the process; the expansion of Heathrow, Luton, Gatwick and Bristol airports was factored into carbon budget 7, and the hon.
Gentleman will know that the Government will publish our updated delivery plan for carbon budgets 4 to 6 in the coming weeks.
We should not see economic growth and our climate change commitments as being inconsistent with each another.
I believe we can go further, faster, on cleaner fuels and technological developments, but people want to fly, and I do not think that this Government should get on the wrong side of public aspiration.
I first of all express my sympathy for the Secretary of State: she knows from past experience that this is like watching a car crash in action, and it has been thrust upon her by the Chancellor.
She knows that Heathrow has made the clear commitment that it will not pay for the infrastructure; that landing charges will go up, and passengers will pay for it; and that there is no way that we can meet our climate change targets if the expansion goes ahead.
That is why I express my sympathy; she has been given an impossible task.
I have a constituency interest, as the Secretary of State will know, because Heathrow is in my constituency.
She mentioned that the stakeholder engagement process will be published shortly.
Could she be a bit more precise on the timescale, and on what measures will be included in that?
The House needs to know that in my constituency, 4,500 homes will be demolished or rendered unliveable; 15,000 people will lose their homes; we will lose three schools; and whole communities will go.
My constituents want to ask: where are they going to live?
Where will their children be educated, and what will their happen to their community?
We just need some certainty now—and from my point of view, it is certain that this is a white elephant.
It is almost like watching High Speed 2 all over again.
I am sure it will not come as a surprise to my right hon.
Friend to hear that I reject his characterisation of the work I am doing.
I see the expansion as an opportunity to improve our connectivity as a nation, to improve UK competitiveness and to ensure that we deliver for businesses and passengers all across the UK.
I understand why he raised the interests of his constituents who live closest to the proposed expansion.
He asked me for more detail about the consultation timeline.
If we make changes to the ANPS through the review, a consultation will take place on  that next year, and we are working on a timeline that would see a new ANPS designated by the end of next year.
I give him a commitment to meaningful engagement and consultation.
In the document that I referred to in my statement, we will set out a new stakeholder engagement approach, so that people will be treated with fairness.
We will act transparently throughout the process.
rose—
I ask colleagues to keep their questions short, so I can get everybody in.
I sympathise with  the right hon.