We are up front about the challenges that we face, but we are ambitious for the future.
Frankly, that is nothing short of what is required.
Our plan starts with having an active industrial strategy.
I know that some Conservatives do not like that kind of terminology, but I say simply that all countries need an industrial strategy.
To go back to the example of Nissan, that was part of an explicit strategy—by even Margaret Thatcher’s Government—to attract automotive expertise to the UK.
The absence of any coherent modern industrial strategy is hurting investment into the UK.
Other countries are simply pushing ahead, recognising that the challenges that we are facing have to be met nationally by Governments with skin in the game.
Industry is crying out, first, for stability, and secondly, for a partner and some clear policy signals.
That is exactly what it will get from a Labour Government.
That is why we have said that we would put the new Industrial Strategy Council on a statutory footing, giving some reassurance that the instability of the Conservative years is at an end.
Our green prosperity plan will part-fund the battery-making gigafactories that are so essential to our future.
That will be catalytic public investment to unlock the much greater sum of private investment we need.
The reality is that no battery factory in the world has been developed without that kind of Government commitment.
We know that the Government are in talks with some  firms about potential investment decisions, and I say in good faith to Ministers, “That is good.
We want you to succeed.”
Where those companies need assurances from the Opposition should a change of Government occur, we will of course have those talks.
However, it would be far better and a far better deal for the taxpayer to make those offers publicly, and to be negotiating with a range of potential partners to get the best deals for Britain, because domestic battery production is so important.
Could the shadow Minister clarify how many gigafactories this Government have enabled to be built in the UK?
I am more than happy to.
My hon.
Friend will know that we currently have one facility, which is the Envision facility at Nissan in Sunderland.
The overall number will depend on how big those factories are, but broadly we will need three to four in the interim, and by 2040 we will need eight to 10.
Germany, for instance, already has four to five gigafactories up and running.
A further four are almost up and running, and it is in talks for a further advance on that position.
The sense is that Germany is genuinely 10 times ahead of us in that capacity, and while people might think, “Well, Germany is a country with incredible automotive history, reputation and strength”, there are other countries that we are already losing out to.
Spain, for instance, has a very active industrial strategy when it comes to the automotive sector, and eastern Europe has had tremendous success in that area.
Because automotive is about regional markets, simply seeing what other countries are doing will have huge consequences for the potential for investment in this country.
Crucially, we should be playing to the UK’s strengths in areas such as research and development, like the fantastic programmes at the UK Battery Industrialisation Centre in Warwick, which my hon.
Friend the Member for Sheffield, Heeley and I were able to visit recently.
My hon.
Friend has rightly talked about producing batteries, but the position with hydrogen is very similar: if we look at what Germany is doing, particularly with buses and bigger vehicles, we are years behind.
We really need to invest in that area.
I thoroughly agree—the scale of ambition that I see around the world daunts me when I compare it with this Government’s ambition.