Friend doing to ensure that public services are exemplars when it comes to race equality in the workplace?
If my right hon.
Friend sees the work that we have put into our “Inclusive Britain” strategy, she will see that almost everything that is in action is about the public sector.
There is so much we can do to promote racial equality in the workplace, but we need to do that fairly and transparently, as well as universally.
The Equality Act 2010 protects characteristics, not groups.
If she would like to work with me on any specific initiative, I would be keen to hear more from her about what she has been working on.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
There are growing concerns about new technology such as artificial intelligence and automation software being used in recruitment and employment.
Studies show that AI  perpetuates bias across gender, race, age and disability, as well as dialect and regional differences of speech.
What recent assessment has the Minister made of the equalities impact of AI use in recruitment and the workplace?
Has she raised that with Cabinet colleagues?
Yes, I have raised it with Cabinet colleagues.
In fact, I had a meeting with the Government chief scientific officer just last week on this issue.
It is a concern that AI can embed bias, and that means we need to look at the datasets and large language models that are informing the AI being used.
Equality impact assessments apply to the public sector equality duty, and much of AI is being done in the private sector.
We will do our part, but I am keen to hear from Members about specific initiatives that they think can help.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
In February this year, we announced the STEM ReCharge pilot to support parents and carers back into science, technology, engineering and mathematics roles.
Since then, we have recruited and trained the first cohort of engineering and technology returners in the midlands and the north of England.
They have received personalised training and support to help to get them back into the workforce, and we are now recruiting a second cohort, who will use insight and lessons learned from the pilot to develop new guidance, so that STEM employers across the UK can benefit from the full wealth of the returning STEM group.
The summer holidays, which are approaching, see a spike in domestic abuse.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that it is important that people know there is help available?
Will she lend her support to the campaign I am running in Basingstoke with the police and crime commissioner Donna Jones to help to make sure that victims of domestic abuse in north Hampshire know they are not alone and that there is help there?
I agree with my right hon.
Friend.
It is important that people know where to go for  help when they have experienced domestic abuse.
The Government are providing police and crime commissioners with dedicated ringfenced funding for at least 900 independent sexual violence and domestic abuse advisers and will fund an additional 100, bringing the total to more than 1,000 by 2025.
The cost of living crisis disproportionately affects disabled constituents who are reliant on specialist diets and equipment and now face increased food and energy costs.
Will the Minister confirm what cross-governmental action the Government can take  to better support disabled constituents with those additional costs?
The Government recognise the challenges for disabled people and those with health   conditions.
The £150 disability cost of living payment should be seen as one part of the overall package.
The benefits calculators on gov.uk will help people to claim the wider benefits that are out there—that is just one of the payments.
Last week, I hosted the Institute of Physics and its campaign to increase diversity in physics, which is the second most popular A-level for boys but only the 16th for girls.