If the hon.
Lady is concerned about her constituents getting anywhere on the railways, I gently say that she should condemn the totally unjustified strikes that close them down week after week.
Four summers ago, the unprecedented climate change-driven heatwave caused irreparable damage to Chelmsford’s flyover.
Since then, people from across Essex have been getting stuck in Chelmsford’s traffic jams, which are wasting time and hitting our economic growth.
We badly need a new junction at the Army and Navy, but the funding decision has been stuck in Whitehall.
Will my right hon.
Friend use his cross-Cabinet convening power to get the Treasury and the Department for Transport to agree to the money so that we can deliver a new junction, stop the traffic jams and get Chelmsford moving again?
My right hon.
Friend has been making a powerful case for this scheme, and she does so once again.
The Chancellor is sitting next to me and will have heard her.
I understand that the outline business case submitted by Essex County Council is being considered by Ministers right now, and all relevant Ministers will have heard her injunction.
Scottish Ambulance Service statistics show a more than 30% increase in hypothermic call-outs across Scotland last winter, including a staggering 84% increase in the  north in December.
Although fuel prices have fallen slightly, food and other costs have risen exponentially.
To end the perversity of energy-rich Scotland seeing a third of Scots freezing in fuel poverty, when will the Government bring in a social tariff to ensure that the poor and vulnerable can get through this winter without calling out the ambulance service because they are freezing?
As my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor set out in his autumn statement, we are exploring the best approach to consumer protection from April 2024 as part of wider retail market reforms.
I reiterate that we paid half of energy bills in Scotland last winter, thanks to the strength of our Union.
May I remind the Deputy Prime Minister and the House that yesterday was National Remembering Srebrenica Day?
May I particularly point out a little-known fact?
British soldiers took about 2,000 civilians out of Srebrenica in April 1993.
Those British soldiers were from B Squadron 9th/12th Lancers.
It is not widely known, but, under my command, they saved a huge number of lives by taking those people out of Srebrenica.
They, too, should be remembered for their very gallant actions, because it was very dangerous.
I pay tribute to my right hon.
and gallant Friend and to all those whom he commanded in the 1990s.
We must honour the memory of those killed, and pay tribute to the extraordinary courage shown by their families, survivors and all those members of our armed forces, who served so gallantly in that situation.
In the Welsh Affairs Committee, my hon.
Friend the Member for Ceredigion (Ben Lake) asked the Chief Secretary to the Treasury about the varying comparability factors for Wales of Crossrail, Thameslink and HS2.
His answer began:
“you are dragging me into quite complex technical details.”
Then, he gave no complex technical details.
I am sure that the people of Wales would be delighted to tackle any complex technical details were the Deputy Prime Minister to explain to the House why we are paying £5 billion for a white elephant in HS2,which, by now, comes nowhere near our country.
It is thanks to the strength of our United Kingdom that record sums are going to Wales under the Barnett consequentials.
Indeed, in the spring Budget we increased devolved Administration funding by £630 million, which included £180 million for the Welsh Government.
We are ensuring that resources are going to Wales, so that they can enhance their transport infrastructure.