The current law prohibits the sale of vapes to under-18-year-olds.
We are not proposing a change in the law on the prohibition of sale.
I was simply highlighting that young people grow, and those who become addicted to vaping under the age of 18 are much more likely to carry that addiction into young adulthood.
That was the point that I was seeking to make.
We can expect a pipeline of young people becoming addicted to vaping, which may stay with some of them for the rest of their lives.
This Government have been asleep at the wheel on children and vaping.
They had the opportunity to vote for measures to protect children from vaping last year but failed to do so.
The measures that the Minister has announced most recently are better late than never, but are simply inadequate to the task.
ASH is clear that while educating young people on the risks of vaping through a new resource pack for schools is welcome, the evidence suggests that education alone will not stop children from vaping.
There is substantial evidence on what worked in reducing smoking rates among children.
In 1982, when England first started monitoring smoking rates among children, just one in five children was a current smoker.
Eighteen years later in 2000, the proportion was exactly the same—not because children were not educated about the dangers, but because adolescents are risk takers.
Between 2000 and 2021, smoking rates among children fell from 19% to just 3%—not because of better education or enforcement but because the regulatory framework during that time ratcheted up year by year.
Under the last Labour Government, all point of sale advertising and display of tobacco was prohibited.
A comprehensive anti-smuggling strategy was implemented by HMRC and the UK Border Force, which dramatically reduced sales of illicit tobacco, and cigarettes were put in standardised packaging, with all the brightly coloured glamourised packaging removed.
What is true for the strategy to tackle smoking is true for the challenge of vaping.
Without much tougher regulation, we will not succeed in driving down vaping among children and young people.
Regulations on packaging, advertising and labelling are essential.
Labour is calling on the Government to ban vapes from being branded and advertised to appeal to children, and to work with local councils—
I reassure the hon.
Lady that work is going on in that space.
My ministerial colleagues from the Department for Work and Pensions are looking at this, and will be updating the House shortly.
The Minister for Women and Equalities was asked—
When she plans to bring forward legislative proposals to ban conversion practices.
The Government remain committed to publishing a draft Bill on banning conversion practices for pre-legislative scrutiny by a Joint Committee of both Houses in this parliamentary Session.
It is now over five years since the Government first made a commitment to legislate on conversion therapy, and more recently there was a promise that legislation would be tabled this spring.
Can the Minister elaborate on some of the reasons for the delay, and perhaps be more clear about when the legislation will be brought forward?
I can assure the hon.
Gentleman that we are absolutely committed to introducing the Bill in its draft stage as soon as possible.
It is a complex matter.
It is something that I have felt very passionately about over many years, but it is right that we get the legislation right.
I hope that we will be able to present it as soon as possible.
I call the Chair of the Women and Equalities Committee.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree with me and, indeed, with the former Prime Minister that conversion therapy is “abhorrent”?
If he does agree, does he think it is abhorrent for everyone?
I thank the Chair of the Select Committee for her question.
I absolutely agree that it is abhorrent; moreover, it does not work—that is a serious point.