I am very proud to say that many friends from my childhood still work in that plant.
Of all the great businesses that I get to visit, that is one of my absolute favourites, and I know that colleagues will feel just as strongly about the parts of the automotive industry that they and their constituencies are associated with.
That industry is full of skilled and committed workers, innovation, export success and huge growth potential.
However, we have called this Opposition day debate because even the most ardent defender of the Government could not fail to be worried about the health of the sector as it stands.
The British car industry should and could be booming, as should the wider automotive sector, yet production has slumped by over a third under the Conservatives.
There are huge concerns about a series of major policy failures, including domestic battery production facilities, trade barriers post Brexit, and higher energy costs and other supply chain issues.
Although this is an Opposition day debate, I know that those concerns are shared widely across the House, and I hope that, by having this debate, we are able to express the clear political commitment of this House to that crucial sector.
My hon.
Friend will be aware of the world-class Toyota engine plant in my constituency that produces the highest-quality hybrid engines—one of the first plants outside Japan to do so.
Does he agree that hybrid is part of the solution, not, as the Government think, part of the problem?
I do not know whether I am supposed to declare an interest, but I drive a Toyota hybrid myself—I have a large family and have to get between Manchester and London, and that is a pretty sound option for doing so.
I am aware of the issue that my hon.
Friend raises, as is the shadow Transport  Secretary, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Sheffield, Heeley (Louise Haigh) .
We must be careful to ensure that there is certainty so that that transition we are all seeking can happen.
I know that there are particular issues relating to that sector and that side of the industry.
We are alert to those issues, and we will, of course, work with him, his constituents and the expertise in this country and beyond to ensure that that timescale is done properly.
For many people seeking to make the transition—we are seeing a huge response from the public on that—that is the option that is currently available, particularly for families.
We must bear in mind that the solution has to be something that works for all our constituents, and we must be cognisant of their concerns.
I am grateful to him for raising that point at this stage of the debate.
I worry at times that the Government, and maybe especially the Secretary of State for Business and Trade, do not have a great deal of time for industry at all.
Artificial intelligence, tech and financial services are all crucial sectors, but we should not for one moment think that there is no role for industry.
Nor should we ever believe that there is a false choice between services and manufacturing.
Support for the automotive sector is not nostalgia.
Many of the plants that we will talk about in the debate are the lifeblood of their communities, providing good work and good wages.
However, just as in other crucial industries—steel is another good example—I get no sense that securing the long-term future of the sector and managing the transition to a low-carbon economy are priorities for the Government.
That is not just the view of the Labour party; it is what industry itself has been telling the Government.
Mike Hawes of the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders said at its recent conference:
“We…need a…response urgently”.
Stellantis has warned that:
“If the cost of EV manufacturing in the U.K. becomes uncompetitive and unsustainable, operations will close.”