Will the hon.
Gentleman give way?
Go on, then.
There is a news report about a new global company being launched by the French motor giant Renault and the Chinese manufacturer Geely that will invest €7 billion here, creating 19,000 jobs.
Is that not exactly the kind of optimism Conservative Members talk about?
I think those companies must have seen the opinion polls and are wondering whether a Labour Government are coming, if there is as positive news as that could be.
I would simply say to all Conservative Members that, on any aspect of industrial policy, there is too often on their side a desire to pick individual stories or statistics and try to pretend that substantial and significant issues do not exist.
If we talk to anybody reasonably objective in this sector, they will point out—on battery production, rules of origin, charging infrastructure, industrial energy prices—that there are real challenges and they require some serious engagement from the other side, which to date has not been forthcoming.
I would like to add to that comment—my hon.
Friend is making an excellent speech, by the way—what was said at the industry conference held by the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders a couple of weeks ago.
The industry was speaking as one, and I am afraid it was critical of the Government, saying, “All these years on, remember that Baldrick at least had a cunning plan.
Sadly, the Government don’t.”
I followed that conference very closely—my hon.
Friend the shadow Transport Secretary spoke at the conference, and I have spoken at that conference in the past—and that was absolutely the sentiment.
Perhaps humility does not come easily to Conservative MPs, but I ask them to take on board those genuine views from the industry on the situation we find ourselves in.
The automotive sector could be a practical illustration of the transition to new jobs and new opportunities that we all want to see.
We have laid out our plan for the sector.
Some Conservative colleagues may disagree, but let us have from them some alternative proposals, because the status quo will not do.
Our motion is a plan to deliver £30 billion in economic growth in the parts of the country that need it most.
It is a plan that could create 80,000 additional jobs—good jobs of the kind that people can raise their family on.
It is a plan for Britain that would mean we once again lead the pack and feel confident for the future.
I believe the choice is clear—a plan under Labour or further decline under the Conservatives—and I think we all know whom the public would prefer behind the wheel.
What a disappointing opening speech.
There was an opportunity to praise, promote and protect the automotive sector—and to talk about all the positive news stories—but all we have heard for the last 10 or 15 minutes was the automotive sector being talked down.
I appreciate that the timing of this debate has not gone well for the Opposition: as my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bosworth (Dr Evans)  mentioned, today we have heard about the Renault Group and Geely having chosen the UK as the headquarters of a new company developing ultra low emission engines and potentially investing billions of pounds in the UK—up to €7 billion.
That shows not only the confidence of the automotive sector, but its commitment to the UK, and these are the opportunities or the stories we should be talking about.
The hon.
Member for Stalybridge and Hyde (Jonathan Reynolds)  constantly referenced the SMMT statistics, but he forgot to mention the ones he should have reported at the Dispatch Box so that we could once again promote how healthy and dynamic the automotive sector is.
Car production in Britain rose for a fourth straight month in May.