It is thanks to the strength of our United Kingdom that record sums are going to Wales under the Barnett consequentials.
Indeed, in the spring Budget we increased devolved Administration funding by £630 million, which included £180 million for the Welsh Government.
We are ensuring that resources are going to Wales, so that they can enhance their transport infrastructure.
If it were not so serious, it would be comical, but in Horning on the Norfolk broads, a whole area is to be totally cut off from a mobile signal until—wait for it—August, because of nesting seagulls taking up residency in the new telecoms mast.
Gulls are protected and the nest cannot be moved, but if a family holidaying on the broads gets into distress this summer, they will not be able to make  an emergency call.
That could be life-threatening, so will the Deputy Prime Minister please help me by calling on Natural England to be sensible and make sure that, for public safety reasons, we can get a mobile phone mast working in a prime holiday location?
We all love the diversity of wildlife in this country and particularly on the North Norfolk coast, which my hon.
Friend represents.
He makes a strong point about the balance between that and ensuring that people have access to modern communication facilities, and I shall certainly take that up with Natural England.
Day in, day out, the public and businesses are hit by endless chaos and confusion across Government Departments—for them, clearly, Britain is not working.
Paraphrasing what the Deputy Prime Minister said earlier, we know there is a Government reshuffle coming up.
So will he tell us: is this down to obstruction and incompetence in the civil service, or is it, rather, that so many of their Ministers are just not up to the job?
We can see from the record of this Government, whether on cutting NHS waiting lists, or on providing record funding for our schools and hospitals, that we have an excellent team who will continue to serve.
Last week, we all celebrated the 75th anniversary of the NHS, but hon.
Members may not be aware that it is also the 75th anniversary of Newton Aycliffe, a new town in my constituency designed by William Beveridge.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister ask the Prime Minister to come and visit me, as his constituency neighbour, and celebrate these 75 years, and indeed the 60 years of the community newspaper provided by the Howarth family?
I cannot speak to the Prime Minister’s diary, although I will make representations.
I would be delighted to visit my hon.
Friend’s constituency, if he wishes me to attend instead.
The day I had to phone my bank to tell it that I was having difficulty paying my mortgage was one that has lived with me for years.
I found that because my income was so low at the time, ironically, I was not eligible to switch to an interest-only mortgage or get any help.
I never want my constituents to feel the terror and abandonment that I felt that day.
Can the Deputy Prime Minister understand that?
The complete lack of empathy in his responses to the deputy leader of the SNP group suggests not.
I welcome the temporary measures, but they are temporary.
This mortgage crisis has been two years in the making.
Do he and the Prime Minister really think they are going to fix it in 12 months?
It is deeply disturbing, upsetting and worrying for anyone to contemplate losing their home.
That is exactly why my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor has introduced the mortgage charter, which 90% of the mortgage market has now signed up to and which will provide support to people.
In addition, after three months, people on universal credit can apply for further support.
A Government survey has shown that 75% of British businesses support improvements to the UK’s sick pay system.
Yesterday, my right hon.