Friend has rightly talked about producing batteries, but the position with hydrogen is very similar: if we look at what Germany is doing, particularly with buses and bigger vehicles, we are years behind.
We really need to invest in that area.
I thoroughly agree—the scale of ambition that I see around the world daunts me when I compare it with this Government’s ambition.
There are some incredibly exciting technologies out there, including sodium-ion batteries that would reduce our dependence on lithium and almost certainly cut costs in battery production.
Hydrogen is clearly going to be extremely exciting, as are fuel cells, and there are markets for off-road vehicles that could be huge potential markets for the UK.
We should also not forget buses: that is an area in which new technology could contribute to things like cleaner air, as well as better transport.
Does the shadow Minister agree that on top of battery innovation and hydrogen innovation, the UK is leading in another field: that of synthetic fuels?
However, giving the automotive sector a really strong future in this country involves a whole-system analysis, not just of how the vehicle is manufactured but how the energy that will run it is manufactured.
That involves looking again at the zero  tailpipe standards that are coming in, because if we have that whole-system analysis, we will get to green technology and greener transport but with a whole-picture effect.
I agree with part of what the hon.
Gentleman has said.
I agree about the whole-system analysis: many parts of the decarbonisation journey that industry will need to take on will be a much bigger question than simply unplugging one form of old fossil fuel technology and plugging in another.
For instance, the steel industry will have to think about scrap if it is to make the conversion to electric arc furnaces; and if we are to move towards synthetic fuels, we will clearly have to look at where the feed stocks are coming from.
However, one of the most defining features of the past 13 years—I say this without any kind of partisanship—has been a series of very ambitious targets from this Government in areas that relate to decarbonisation, but with no real means to deliver them.
That target is then pulled away, and confidence in the British state to decarbonise falls apart.
I am thinking particularly about the famous “cut the green crap” comments from the former Prime Minister, David Cameron, regarding home insulation.
When we talk about changing existing Government policy, we should not underestimate just how little confidence the international business community has in this Government’s promises at times.
Broadly, the approach has been very ambitious targets but with no means to actually deliver them, which undermines the case.
My hon.
Friend is making a very effective speech.
As he is talking about targets, will he come on to the roll-out of charging points?
My constituency has three motorways in it and incredibly high levels of pollution.
We need to remove all the barriers, both to net zero and to reducing that pollution.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that constituencies in the north such as mine need that situation addressed?
It is shameful that, as I understand it, more chargers were installed in Westminster this year than across the whole of the north of England.
We in the north have those issues of pollution, and we need to move faster in addressing them.
My hon.
Friend may be planning to come on to that point, but it is an important one.
I am incredibly grateful to my hon.
Friend for making those points.
The approach of the Front Bench—from her, from me on industrial policy, and from my hon.
Friend the Member for Sheffield, Heeley on transport policy—must bring those two things together.
We need the policies in place that will make this country a world leader in the production of vehicles and ensure that it also works for consumers.