The £150 disability cost of living payment should be seen as one part of the overall package.
The benefits calculators on gov.uk will help people to claim the wider benefits that are out there—that is just one of the payments.
Last week, I hosted the Institute of Physics and its campaign to increase diversity in physics, which is the second most popular A-level for boys but only the 16th for girls.
What steps is my hon.
Friend taking to encourage more girls to study physics beyond GCSE?
Studying STEM A-levels such as physics can boost potential earnings and, with a growing demand for students with STEM qualifications in the jobs market, it is important that girls take that opportunity.
We are therefore working with the Department for Education in funding the Inclusion in Schools project, which is designed to increase the uptake of A-level physics among students from under-represented groups, including girls.
Homelessness is on the rise, and it disproportionately affects young LGBT+ people.
The youth LGBT+ homelessness charity Albert Kennedy Trust has reported a 58% increase in new referrals over the past four years.
Will the Minister work with Cabinet colleagues to better understand the specific challenges that people in the community face with homelessness and look at what more can be done to support them?
The hon.
Lady raises a very important point.
I am pleased to report that I have met colleagues in the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities, and we have held a roundtable to discuss exactly those issues.
One of the key elements, which we really need to do, is to gather the data so that we can better understand some of the causes and what the solutions might be to help those people.
How many discussions has the Secretary of State had with Department for Education colleagues about forthcoming guidance on trans-identifying children?
I have been working closely with the Education Secretary, because it is important that we get the guidance for schools right.
It must show schools how to be compassionate to pupils questioning their gender in a way that is compliant with the Equality Act 2010, including ensuring that single-sex spaces are maintained and the safety and wellbeing of all pupils is not compromised.
Conversion therapy should be banned entirely, not with a voluntary loophole, as this Government intend, which we know means that conversion therapy will be open to coercion.
The loophole is so large that it will leave any Bill meaningless.
Will the Minister commit to a full ban on conversion therapy, as supported by organisations such as Stonewall and Time for Inclusive Education in Scotland?
The hon.
Lady raised some important points.
That is exactly why we have taken considerable care to engage with a whole range of stakeholders to consider all the issues that need addressing.
It is precisely because of those points that we are going for pre-legislative scrunty so that all of those issues can be looked at again, to ensure that we present the very best Bill to help people who are subject to these horrible crimes.
GambleAware figures show that the number of women seeking help for problem gambling doubled between 2015 and 2020, with up to 1 million women deemed to be at risk.
Data also shows that women are less likely to participate in sports betting; instead, they are more active in online bingo and casino-style games.
What work is my right hon.
Friend doing with Cabinet colleagues to highlight the risk of online gambling, to reduce stigma and to help women seek treatment?
My hon.
Friend raises a really important point.
We recently published the gambling White Paper, in which we address a number of those issues.
Stigma is a very important one.
We want people to come forward and get the treatment they need.