The hon.
Member for Stalybridge and Hyde (Jonathan Reynolds)  constantly referenced the SMMT statistics, but he forgot to mention the ones he should have reported at the Dispatch Box so that we could once again promote how healthy and dynamic the automotive sector is.
Car production in Britain rose for a fourth straight month in May.
The SMMT has confirmed that a total of 79,046 cars rolled out of the factory gates a few months ago, which is an increase of more than 26%.
Passenger car numbers are boosted by a greater appetite for hybrid electric motors built in Britain.
The bosses at the SMMT have said that, while there have of course been challenges around the world, manufacturers have
“defied the challenging economic backdrop to fulfil customer demand for the latest British-built models, at home and overseas,”
so that manufacturing and production are indeed up.
This is a positive news story, and any opportunity we have to speak about the automotive sector should be positive, not negative or all about political point scoring.
This is a serious topic and a serious industry.
I know the hon.
Gentleman is keen to be very ideological within the Westminster bubble, but I would suggest he steps a little outside it.
I know my hon.
Friend  the Member for South Derbyshire (Mrs Wheeler) , who is a champion for Toyota, which has the largest manufacturing plant in her constituency, would welcome a visit by Labour Members so they can see how the sector is booming just in her constituency.
There are over 2,000 people working at the plant in South Derbyshire and involved in the supply chains, and 80% of the cars manufactured are exported to Europe.
Exports are up, by the way, which I will get on to.
Toyota continues to innovate and it is at the forefront of producing hybrid cars.
It has been cutting emissions for over a decade and takes net zero seriously, having energy from solar panels all around the plant.
The point she would want to make is, “Get out of the Westminster bubble, visit South Derbyshire, see what is happening at Toyota”—and at many other firms, as I will go on to say—“and you will see the work is going well.”
Our job is to protect, promote and praise, not to talk the sector down.
It is all very well and good talking about optimism, but does the Minister accept the reality facing the automotive industry in the UK today, and the stark warnings given by Stellantis about future job losses if the Government do not sort out the rules of origin problems?
I want to state for the record—and for the hon.
Lady, who was obviously sitting there while I was speaking—that that was not optimism.
Those were the facts and figures promoted not by Government, but by industry representatives.
I had a meeting with Stellantis recently.
We know that a number of challenges are reflected globally, not just in the UK, such as being able to recruit into the sector.
The hon.
Member for Stalybridge and Hyde missed another opportunity to talk about the fantastic jobs that are available.
Of course, on rules of origin, that is an issue not just in the UK; it is an issue for lots of other countries that want to export and import, too.
The Minister talked about the importance of the Toyota factory.
In my constituency, I have the engine plant, which produces quality hybrid engines.
Why are this Government opposed to hybrid engines?
This Government have a strong mandate to reach net zero and the consultation has just taken place on said mandate.
The right hon.
Member will know that I have been spending a lot time with the automotive sector, including taking delegations to meet the Minister of State, Department for Transport, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Hereford and South Herefordshire (Jesse Norman) , who will be overseeing that.