In January, Emily booked an appointment with her local dentist in Chard, Somerset, for  14 June , only to be told by a neighbour at the end of May that the surgery had closed in April.
Emily no longer has a dentist, all the remaining surgeries are not taking on any new patients, and Emily does not know what to do, so will the Deputy Prime Minister tell Emily and millions of people like her when they can get an appointment with a local NHS dentist?
The right hon.
Gentleman may have missed it, but our NHS workforce plan is investing an extra £2.4 billion into training and retaining crucial NHS staff, including dentists and GPs.
The number of dentists will rise by 40%.
I say to people across that constituency that the best way they can ensure better services for their NHS is to vote for Faye Purbrick, the Conservative candidate.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister let us know when we can expect allocations from round 3 of the levelling-up fund?
When it comes, will it be true to the Prime Minister’s pledge that all parts of the country will benefit, including the south-east and, most particularly, the very deserving town of Andover?
As well as my right hon.
Friend having been an excellent Minister, I know how committed he is to the town of Andover.
We will shortly announce the new approach to the third round and further details will follow shortly.
There are things we encounter in political life that are certain to horrify, appal and sicken us, but I do not think I have ever seen anything quite so grotesque as the painting over of a children’s Mickey Mouse mural, as the Home Office did at a detention centre in Kent.
No Minister has, so far, roused the necessary compassion or concern to speak out about this.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister look into the deeper recesses of his soul and simply condemn it?
I will tell the hon.
Gentleman what real compassion looks like: stopping the vile people-smuggling trade across the channel that is condemning women and children to death.
This Government are  taking action to deal with it through our “stop the boats” Bill, which the Scottish National party shamefully voted against 18 times last night.
As the party of aspiration, we know the importance of home ownership.
According to a recent estimate by Barclays, it now takes eight years for the average first-time buyer to save for a deposit, and in parts of London and the south-east it can take longer.
What are the Deputy Prime Minister and the Government doing to improve the prospects for younger people who want to own their own home?
I know my hon.
Friend is passionate in championing this issue.
Almost 850,000 households have been helped to purchase a home since 2010.
In 2021, the number of people getting on to the property ladder for the first time was at a 20-year high, thanks to initiatives such as First Homes and the Help to Buy scheme.
Of course, that stands in contrast to the Labour party, which oversaw the lowest level of house building since the 1920s.
With rising ticket prices, many of my constituents find they can get the best-value fare by going to the staffed ticket office at Lancaster station, which is perhaps why so many of them have signed my petition to save staffing at the station.
Is the closure of ticket offices just yet another cost of living bombshell hitting my hard-working constituents?
It is important that the railways continue to reform after the record amount of money we gave them during covid.
If the hon.
Lady is concerned about her constituents getting anywhere on the railways, I gently say that she should condemn the totally unjustified strikes that close them down week after week.
Four summers ago, the unprecedented climate change-driven heatwave caused irreparable damage to Chelmsford’s flyover.