In addition, after three months, people on universal credit can apply for further support.
A Government survey has shown that 75% of British businesses support improvements to the UK’s sick pay system.
Yesterday, my right hon.
and learned Friend  the Member for South Swindon (Sir Robert Buckland)  launched a report, alongside WPI Economics and the Centre for Progressive Change, with ideas about how that could be done.
Will my right hon.
Friend the Deputy Prime Minister ensure that we get a meeting with the Chancellor, ahead of the autumn Budget, to see what ideas can be developed?
They could provide an economic boost of £4 billion to the UK economy.
As ever, my hon.
Friend has made a strong case.
The Chancellor is sitting next to me and I am quite sure he would be delighted to meet with him.
The forced isolation of people in care homes or hospitals from their loved ones from the beginning of the pandemic, and its terrible consequences, as well as the many who died alone, has left a profound trauma.
We have learned the hard way that the care of a loved one is not an optional extra; it is an essential part of dignified care.
My Care Supporters Bill would guarantee that fundamental right.
While the Government recognise that there is a problem, their recently announced consultation relates to visiting and not a legal right to a care supporter at all times.
Would the Deputy Prime Minister speak to the Prime Minister about bringing forward legislation in the next King’s Speech?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to highlight the need for care supporters to be able to have that kind of access.
I will take away the points he has raised, and raise them with my ministerial colleagues.
Mr Speaker, you know the value of inter-parliamentary relations and, in particular, the Inter-Parliamentary Union, which was founded nearly 135 years ago in this place.
We are honoured this week to be joined by the president of the Inter-Parliamentary Union, Mr Duarte Pacheco.
Would my right hon.
Friend join his campaign to get the USA to rejoin this important international organisation?
As my right hon.
Friend knows, the United Kingdom was a founding member of the Inter-Parliamentary Union.
I would very much like the United States to rejoin and I am happy to help make that case.
Not a day goes by without serious sexual harassment allegations in organisations up and down the country.
My private Member’s Bill on workplace protections from harassment could go a long way to address some of these serious issues.
Indeed, the Bill has full Government support.
It is currently stuck in the other place, but a compromise is now in sight, so that the Bill can pass through the House of Lords.
Our rules require that any amendment made in the House of Lords needs to come back to the House of Commons.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister ensure that a small amount of Government time is made available in this place, between now and the end of the parliamentary Session, to ensure that this important Bill will become law?
As the hon.
Lady knows, we have supported the Bill and we are working on it.
My right hon.
Friend the Minister for Women and Equalities is very happy to meet the hon.
Lady to discuss the measures further.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
I do not know whether you are as shocked as I am, but the Deputy Prime Minister had the opportunity to correct the record today after he misled the House on  7 June .
He failed to do so.
Order.
As we know, we cannot say “misled”.
He must have inadvertently misled the House.
Well—
No, no, we do it that way.
Mr Speaker, the Deputy Prime Minister inadvertently misled the House, but did not come to correct the record, even though we had made it clear that he had done so.