That is not just the view of the Labour party; it is what industry itself has been telling the Government.
Mike Hawes of the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders said at its recent conference:
“We…need a…response urgently”.
Stellantis has warned that:
“If the cost of EV manufacturing in the U.K. becomes uncompetitive and unsustainable, operations will close.”
The automotive industry faces a series of challenges that must be taken seriously.
The rules of origin, which are due to come into force from January next year, will require 45% of a vehicle’s value to be made in the UK or the EU or a 10% tariff will be imposed that will destroy most profit margins entirely.
Of course, those requirements increase significantly over time.
We have a lack of progress on battery manufacturing; Germany already has 10 times the battery-making capacity of the UK.
We have wider business challenges, including the highest industrial energy costs in the G7, and rising inflation and borrowing costs.
However, what we have seen from other countries is that none of those challenges is insurmountable.
Other countries are pulling ahead.
China is home to numerous battery giants such as CATL and BYD, while the United States famously has Tesla.
But the EU has also ramped up battery production through initiatives such as the European Battery Alliance and how has 35 battery factories in place.
In contrast, the UK is yet to develop a robust battery manufacturing sector, which makes us heavily reliant on imports and risks the long-term presence of automotive production in this country.
I think we all recognise that, over time, vehicles will be built where the batteries are made, not the other way around.
We will never be able to match the sheer fiscal  firepower of the US Inflation Reduction Act, but we do have advantages—competitive advantages on workforce and skills, and on research and development—and if we had a Government with sufficient political commitment, the future could be very bright indeed.
Last month, I visited the new Caterham Cars production plant in my constituency, to which the company has had to move because its production is insufficient to meet the demand that it has at the moment.
It will take on more employees and apprentices, and it will manufacture more of the vehicles for which it is famous.
I remind the shadow Secretary of State that that expansion in the industry has happened under a Conservative Government.
Does he welcome that news?
I am incredibly happy to welcome that news and the positive story that the hon.
Member sets out, but I do not think that any of the success that he has seen detracts from the fact that there are significant policy challenges.
The overall number of vehicles has declined, as he will know, and yes, the pandemic and the semi-conductor supply chain issues happened, but that does not remove the need for this House to take seriously the rules of origin, the battery-making capacity and so on.
We are not in any way on track.
There is also, frankly, the international competitive position.
Other countries are simply indicating that they want those industries and that investment much more than we do.
It is not so much that the Conservative party has turned up to a gunfight with a knife, but that it is not showing up to the fight at all.
What we need is a plan of action.
That is what the Labour party has developed, and it is what we want the chance to implement should we form the next Government.
Our plan addresses battery capacity and charging infrastructure, as well as key issues such as planning and grid regulation.
We are up front about the challenges that we face, but we are ambitious for the future.
Frankly, that is nothing short of what is required.
Our plan starts with having an active industrial strategy.