This is exactly why we are making sure that a Joint Committee of both Houses looks at the Bill; it is a very complex piece of legislation.
We want to make sure that it outlaws those awful practices, but also ensures that people—clinicians, parents, teachers and so on—do not feel a chilling effect.
It is right that we get stakeholders and people from this House engaged in that process, so that when the Bill is presented to the House for debate, it is in the best possible position.
What discussions she has had with the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions on increasing the uptake of pension credit among older people.
Since April last year, we have been running a substantial campaign to raise awareness and increase take-up.
There are strong indications that this campaign is working.
Applications for pension credit were around 75% higher in the year to May 2023 than in the same period the year before.
My retired constituents, from Dennistoun to Ruchazie, from Carntyne to Blackhill, and across the north and east of Glasgow, know that I am a champion for their rights.
That is why I set up the all-party parliamentary group on pension credit, and why I and my team have sat with hundreds of older constituents and helped them to apply for pension credit, which is after all their right.
I choose to do this as a constituency MP, but it is our role to champion the rights of older people, and the Minister is not telling me anything that is giving me any comfort that she is actually going to champion them.
When will she start doing that?
I thank the hon.
Lady for the work that she does for her constituents.
Many MPs use the Help to Claim service or the benefits calculator to assist constituents.
I think she will be keen to know that the Minister responsible for pensions, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Sevenoaks (Laura Trott) , announced the innovative Invitation to Claim trial, which will be held in 10 local authorities across Great Britain this summer.
It will involve the Department for Work and Pensions sending letters to 2,600 pensioner households identified by housing benefit data and most likely to be entitled to pension credit.
That is on top of the wide-ranging communications we are already doing.
I thank my hon.
Friend for the answers she has given.
Clearly, there is a reluctance among people who are entitled to this benefit to actually claim it.
What action is she taking to break down that taboo, so that people who are fully entitled to this money and desperately need it actually claim it?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that point because some people do not come forward.
It is in their make-up.
We need to help them to be encouraged that they are absolutely entitled to the benefit.
I reassure him that the DWP received around 21,000 claims in the two weeks in the run-up to  19 May , which was 171% up compared with the corresponding weeks in 2022, so the actions we are all taking are working.
What steps she is taking to help ensure that public bodies implement the requirements of the Equality Act 2010.
The Government have published a range of advice and guidance to help public bodies comply with the Equality Act.
The Equality and Human Rights Commission also publishes technical guidance on complying with the public sector equality duty.
I will shortly be reissuing my December 2021 update to Ministers on how to comply with the public sector equality duty, especially when it comes to completing equalities impact assessments, and I hope that that is distributed widely.