Friend rightly highlights, recent analysis shows that it could lead to over 40,000 pupils leaving the schools they are in, placing further burdens on existing schools and costing £300 million.
I call the deputy Leader of the Opposition.
I know you are a keen historian, Mr Speaker, so I looked up the last time a Prime Minister missed two sessions in a row for other engagements.
It was March 1996.
I am very proud to be filling the boots of Lord John Prescott, but I think it is safe to say that the Deputy Prime Minister is no Heseltine.
John Prescott asked, why is it that in Tory Britain, tens of thousands of families are facing repossession, negative equity and homelessness?
Can the Deputy Prime Minister tell us, 27 years later, why I am having to ask the same question?
Clearly, the right hon.
Lady did not listen to my previous comments.
The Prime Minister is at NATO.
Of course, that would not be a problem if she had had her way.
Her old boss wanted to abandon Ukraine, abolish the Army and withdraw from NATO, and he certainly would not be going to any summit.
When it comes to house building, I will take no lectures from the Labour party on home ownership.
My parents would not have been able to buy their own home if it were not for Margaret Thatcher and the reforms introduced by her Government, and this Government are building on those with record house building.
I think the right hon.
Gentleman is taking lessons from the former Prime Minister on telling the facts.
The last Labour Government worked hard to dramatically reduce the number of children in temporary accommodation, but under the Tories the number of homeless children has risen by 75%.
I am proud of our record on tackling child poverty.
Does the right hon.
Gentleman feel ashamed of his?
I will tell the right hon.
Lady what this Government have done: we have lifted 400,000 children out of child poverty; we have introduced the national living wage, something the Labour party totally failed to do; and we have increased the national living wage by the largest amount ever, meaning £1,800 for working people and cutting their taxes by doubling the personal allowance.
That is the surest way to ensure we lift people out of poverty, and it would never have happened under the Labour party.
It is like the ghost of Prime Minister past.
I tell the right hon.
Gentleman that he should be careful about the stats he uses, because the Children’s Commissioner warned the other Prime Minister about peddling false narratives on child poverty around those figures.
The truth is that rising bills, soaring mortgages and plummeting real wages are pushing more and more families to the brink.
Those already struggling are being hit hardest by the Tory mortgage bombshell and rising food costs, so can the right hon.
Gentleman tell us how many primary school children have been pushed into poverty since his Government took power?
I say to the right hon.
Lady that it was this Conservative party, not the Labour party, that extended free school meals to all five, six and seven-year-olds—something the Labour party failed to do—and that sits alongside many measures we are taking to help people with the cost of living.
We paid half of families’ energy bills last winter, funded by our 75% windfall tax, and we are freezing fuel duty, helping families with childcare and delivering on our pledge to reduce the debt.
It may come as a surprise to her, but balancing the books means more than working out how many more millions to take from her union paymasters.
Once again, the right hon.
Gentleman talks about balancing the books.
His party crashed the economy and he seems to be completely oblivious to what it is like for working people in this country at the moment.