The approach of the Front Bench—from her, from me on industrial policy, and from my hon.
Friend the Member for Sheffield, Heeley on transport policy—must bring those two things together.
We need the policies in place that will make this country a world leader in the production of vehicles and ensure that it also works for consumers.
She raises the fact that there are more charging points in Westminster—I know my hon.
Friend’s constituency, which is not far from mine—and the difference between comparable parts of this country, north and south, in the level, density and availability of chargers is unthinkable, let alone in comparison with Norway, for instance.
Not only do we not have enough chargers but grid, maintenance and connection issues often mean they are out of order.
I absolutely assure my hon.
Friend that when we as a shadow Cabinet and a potential Government think about these issues, both vehicle production and consumers are paramount.
Clearly, consumers want to purchase  electric vehicles—that is the growth part of the market—but too often we do not have the infrastructure in place.
It cannot be some form of novelty.
I have driven electric vehicles around Greater Manchester when it was something of a novelty—I could get access to chargers and, at times, preferential parking spaces near Deansgate, which is no small thing—but for mass market usage, neither the policies nor the infrastructure are yet in place.
That needs to be widely recognised.
On the international trade position, it was always imperative to have a domestic battery industry, but it has become an existential issue because of the Government’s approach to our trading relationship with the EU.
As discussed in relation to regional export markets, eight in 10 vehicles made in the UK last year were exported, so it is widely recognised that the impending cliff edge in the trade and co-operation agreement with the EU on rules of origin is a serious challenge to the future of the sector in the UK.
The Government have been far too slow to realise the scale of that danger, and while they may promise that a deal is coming soon, I am afraid that “soon” cannot come soon enough.
Major UK manufacturers including Stellantis, Jaguar Land Rover and Ford have all warned that a failure to reach a deal would cost jobs in the UK.
It has been two and a half years since the trade and co-operation agreement was formally signed.
That is precious time that could have been used to plan and prepare, but those are two words that this Government often fail to understand.
What have they done in that time?
They have not secured investment in battery capacity.
They have not improved our relationship with our biggest export market, and they certainly have not worked with industry to find solutions.
We know that a breakthrough is needed, and we would use our plans to make Brexit work to ensure that the rules of origin work for British manufacturers.
We cannot achieve a compromise without working with our partners in Europe, and I believe that only Labour can be that good-faith partner.
Our plan to invest in battery capacity, alongside compromises on the rules of origin, is the sensible way forward to meet our climate objectives and trade obligations and retain our industrial base.
We will make the UK a clean energy superpower by 2030, with net zero carbon electricity lowering costs for the UK car industry by no longer leaving UK industry prone to the volatility of international gas prices, alongside better grid connections and planning reform to ensure that “made in Britain” does not become a thing of the past.
That is the prospectus for action we need.
Right now, this country needs some optimism.
The mantra of this Government—that this is as good as it gets—is as depressing as it is wrong.
Will the hon.
Gentleman give way?
Go on, then.