Once again, the right hon.
Gentleman talks about balancing the books.
His party crashed the economy and he seems to be completely oblivious to what it is like for working people in this country at the moment.
New research out today shows that 400,000 more  primary school-age children are growing up in poverty since his Government came to office.
Why does he think that is?
I will take absolutely no lectures whatsoever from the Labour party about how we help children in the most need.
It is record investment from this Government in education—£2 billion more this year, £2 billion next year—which is giving those very children the best possible start in life, ensuring that we have the highest reading standards in the western world.
I have to say to the right hon.
Lady, her leader says he hates tree huggers, but they seem very keen on hugging that magic money tree.
The right hon.
Gentleman does not even acknowledge that child poverty is rising, let alone explain why.
What hope has he got of solving it?
Let me try a simpler question: how many kids do not have a permanent address today compared with when Labour left office in 2010?
We can exchange all these numbers across the Dispatch Boxes, but these are the numbers that matter.
There are 1.7 million fewer people in absolute poverty under this Government, 400,000 fewer children, 200,000 fewer pensioners and 1 million fewer people of working age, because the single best route out of poverty is a job, and record numbers of people—4 million more under this Government—have got a job.
That is the difference between this Conservative party and the Labour party, which always leaves office with unemployment higher.
What matters is what people feel every single day at the moment—going to work yet they cannot afford their mortgage, their rent or their Bills, because of this Conservative Government.
There are 55,000 more children without a permanent address today compared with when the Tories took office 13 years ago.
We have gone from a Labour Cabinet focused on tackling child poverty to Tory Ministers who will not even admit the problem.
Just as in March 1996, they can offer only excuses, not answers.
John Prescott asked Michael Heseltine that day:
“How can the right hon.
Gentleman be so complacent in the face of the sheer misery created by the Government’s policies?”—[Official Report,  5 March 1996 ; Vol.
273, c. 147.]
Twenty-seven years on, why are we asking the exact same thing?
I know there is an Opposition reshuffle coming up, but this audition for John Prescott’s old job is getting a little bit hackneyed.
It is this Government who have lifted 400,000 children out of poverty.
I hear the right hon.
Lady claiming that Labour is the party of working people, but under their policies people cannot even get to work.
They support Just Stop Oil protesters blocking our roads, they support their union paymasters stopping our trains, and of course they support the hated ultra-low emission zone stopping cars across our capital.
While Conservatives get Britain moving, Labour stands in everyone’s way.
Given that the Mansion House compact does not encourage our pension funds to invest specifically  in British companies, what more can the Government do to encourage greater investment in our companies, especially climate technology start-ups, which increasingly are going abroad to find the funding they require, to the benefit of our competitors?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point about both start-up capital and ensuring that we get more money to high-growth companies.
The Chancellor’s pension compact is a very important step forward, which will unlock £75 billion of additional investment.
I am quite confident that large amounts of that will go to UK companies, and it sits alongside measures such as the Edinburgh reforms to financial services, which will help improve financial services in this country and unlock money for those industries.
I call the SNP deputy leader.