The Chancellor’s pension compact is a very important step forward, which will unlock £75 billion of additional investment.
I am quite confident that large amounts of that will go to UK companies, and it sits alongside measures such as the Edinburgh reforms to financial services, which will help improve financial services in this country and unlock money for those industries.
I call the SNP deputy leader.
Last month, the Deputy Prime Minister dismissed warnings from the SNP Benches that mortgage rates were nearly back to where they were after the disastrous mini-Budget.
This week, mortgage rates have surpassed those levels.
How high do they need to go before he and his Government take this seriously?
The hon.
Lady knows—people around the world know—that the driver of higher mortgage rates is higher inflation, and higher inflation is caused by Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and by the post-covid supply chains.
What we have to do is make sure that we halve inflation.
It is only by getting inflation under control that we will be able to get mortgage rates down, and that requires discipline—discipline on spending, on public sector pay and on energy supply, all of which are lacking from the SNP.
The Bank of England predicts that mortgage payments will rise by at least £500 for a million households.
The Prime Minister says that people need to “hold their nerve”; the Chancellor said just last night that mortgage holders should just “shop around”.
Speaking of his own party,  the hon.
Member for South West Devon (Sir Gary Streeter)  said:
“If the circus doesn’t stop by Christmas, it’s over”.
Does the Deputy Prime Minister understand that people cannot afford to wait until Christmas and that they need help right now?
The fundamental thing that we have to do is to halve inflation.
That is an approach that the International Monetary Fund “strongly endorses”, because higher inflation drives higher mortgage rates.
But that is not all we are doing: with the mortgage charter, signed up to by 90% of mortgage providers, we are giving people help to extend their terms, to go interest-only and to reduce their monthly payments.
That action is supported by Martin Lewis, a real money-saving expert, unlike the big spenders on the SNP Benches.
Last year, I visited Abbeyfield House in Wednesfield and was impressed by the model of assisted living for older people that gave them the independence of a self-contained flat but the ability to eat and socialise together.
I was deeply concerned  to hear that a consultation is under way to close  Abbeyfield House in Wednesfield.
I went back there to speak to older people, and they unanimously want to stay there.
Abbeyfield is a charity—His Majesty the King has been a patron for 40 years now—and it cannot meet the cost of updating the estate to meet environmental standards.
Will my right hon.
Friend meet me to see what support the Government can offer to Abbeyfield so that residents do not have to leave the homes they love?
I am of course very happy to give my hon.
Friend that assurance.
I note that we have provided £7.5 billion of additional funding for social care and discharge.
On energy specifically, we have an energy advice service to support smaller businesses and we have been piloting new audit and grant schemes that may also help.
In January, Emily booked an appointment with her local dentist in Chard, Somerset, for  14 June , only to be told by a neighbour at the end of May that the surgery had closed in April.
Emily no longer has a dentist, all the remaining surgeries are not taking on any new patients, and Emily does not know what to do, so will the Deputy Prime Minister tell Emily and millions of people like her when they can get an appointment with a local NHS dentist?
The right hon.