The amendment as drafted would open the door to lengthy legal challenges, which will delay removal.
It therefore follows that I cannot support the amendment.
We are confident in the Government of Rwanda’s commitment, and I am clear that Rwanda is a safe country.
I turn to Lords amendment 3, which is also unnecessary.
The Government will ratify the treaty only once we agree with Rwanda that all necessary implementation is in place for both countries to comply with the obligations under the treaty.
As I said, the legislation for Rwanda to ratify the treaty has now passed through both Chambers of the Rwandan Parliament.
Once ratified, the treaty will become law in Rwanda.
It therefore follows that the Government of Rwanda would be required to give effect to the terms of the treaty in accordance with their domestic law as well as in international law.
In relation to the monitoring committee, it was always intended that the committee be independent to ensure a layer of impartial oversight over the operation of the partnership.
Maintaining that committee’s independence is an integral aspect of the policy’s design.
The treaty enhances the role of the previously established independent monitoring committee and will ensure that obligations to the treaty are adhered to in practice.
The details of the monitoring committee are set out in article 15 of the treaty, and it, in turn, will report to a joint committee made up of both United Kingdom and Rwandan officials.
There will be daily monitoring of the partnership for at least the first three months—the enhanced period of time—to ensure rapid identification and response to any shortcomings.
The enhanced phase will ensure that there is comprehensive monitoring and reporting and that that takes place in real time.
The amendment risks disturbing the independence and impartiality of the monitoring committee and therefore should be resisted.
I turn to Lords amendments 4 and 5, and the issue of Rwanda’s safety.
We have already touched on this, but it is clear that the Bill’s purpose is to respond to the Supreme Court’s concern and enable Parliament to confirm the status of Rwanda as a safe third country to enable removal of those who arrive in the United Kingdom illegally.
To the point made by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Torbay (Kevin Foster) , it is the treaty, the Bill and the published evidence pack that together demonstrate that Rwanda is safe for relocated individuals and that the Government’s approach is tough but fair and lawful.
The Government are clear that we assessed Rwanda to be safe, and we have published evidence to substantiate that point.
With reference to the point made by the hon.
Member for Torbay about the basis of the Supreme Court’s decision, I am sure that, like me, the Minister will have read the decision carefully.
Does he agree that paragraphs 75 to 105 make it clear that there were three reasons for the Supreme Court’s decision?
It was based on evidence: first, about the general human rights situation in Rwanda; secondly, about the adequacy of Rwanda’s current asylum system; and thirdly, about Rwanda’s failure to meet its obligations in a similar agreement regarding asylum seekers with Israel in 2013.
Will he tell me what has  happened since the Supreme Court’s decision to improve the general human rights situation in Rwanda?
He will be aware that the Home Office published a 137-page document dated January this year detailing concerns about human rights in Rwanda.
In fact, that document supports the Government’s position, because the evidence put forward is balanced.
The accusations from Opposition parties that somehow partisan evidence has been put before the Chamber are completely wrong and are refuted by the hon.
and learned Lady’s own point.
She, as Chair of the Joint Committee on Human Rights, has just been to Rwanda to see for herself—we had an exchange on that last week—and I look forward to her Committee’s report.