and learned Friend  the Member for South Swindon (Sir Robert Buckland)  who did such excellent work in bringing that useful report forward.
Looking forward from April, we will see benefits generally rising by 6.7%, the state pension by 8.5%, the national living wage by around 10%, and the next tranche of the household support fund being brought forward.
As I have already set out, our plan is working.
It means more employment, historically low unemployment and an economic inactivity rate below countries such as the United States, France and Italy.
The economic inactivity rate is now very high, with 2.8 million people citing long-term sickness as a reason.
Some 17 million days of work are lost, at a cost of £13 billion to the economy.
Has the Secretary of State seen the Policy Exchange report published today, with policy proposals backed by two of his predecessors, David Blunkett and my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Norwich North (Chloe Smith) ?
What steps are the Government taking to improve the provision of workplace health services through occupational health pathways and vocational rehabilitation, and will he consider the 15 proposals in the Policy Exchange report?
I will of course look closely at the report that my right hon.
Friend refers to; indeed, I reached out to him recently to invite him to the Department to discuss that and other matters.
With regard to long-term sickness and disability, we are working on an array of interventions, including occupational health support  within businesses; WorkWell, bringing together medical interventions with work coaches; universal support to help people into work, and to stay in work with that support; and fundamental reform of the work capability assessment, such that the OBR says that 371,000 fewer people will go on to those benefits going forward.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
In the Budget, the Chancellor said that he wants to end national insurance contributions because the
“double taxation of work is unfair.
”—[Official Report,  6 March 2024 ; Vol.
746, c. 851.]
People’s NICs records help to determine their entitlement to the state pension, so if national insurance is scrapped how will they know what pension they will get?
I am not surprised that the hon.
Lady brings that up, because I am well aware of the position that her party has taken on the announcements that we have made.
She will be clear in her own mind that the Chancellor has not guaranteed that we will reduce at one stroke national insurance contributions; it is an aspiration that has been spoken about as occurring over a number of years, if not Parliaments, so the problems that she is conjuring up to frighten pensioners are nothing short of political scaremongering.
The Secretary of State can bluster and deny all he likes, but the Prime Minister told The Sunday Times:
“We want to end this double taxation on work”.
It is there in black and white, so let me try again.
How will people’s pension entitlement be determined if NICs are scrapped, and if the Government are going to merge NICs with income tax what will that mean for pensioners’ tax bills?
Is the truth not that their unfunded £46 billion plan to scrap NICs is yet more chaos from the Conservatives, and Britain’s pensioners deserve so much better?
The hon.
Lady quoted from The Sunday Times, and I scribbled it down:
“We want to end this double taxation”.
Of course we do, but that is not the same as a near-term pledge; it is a longer-term aspiration—[Interruption.]
We have been quite upfront, quite unlike—[Interruption.]
If she would care to hear me out, it is quite unlike the £28 billion firm commitment that her party made, and subsequently U-turned on, which was nothing short of fiscally reckless, and would have led to increases in interest rates, inflation, unemployment, and so on.