Resolved,
That an Humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give directions that there be laid before this House a Return of the Report from the Right Honourable Sir Alan Moses, Chairman of the Spoliation Advisory Panel, dated  18 March 2024 , in respect of three oil sketches by Sir Peter Paul Rubens now in the possession of the Courtauld Institute of Art, London.—(Aaron Bell.)
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps his Department is taking to support financially people unable to work due to serious medical conditions.
My Department does a great deal to support the long-term sick and disabled, including through universal credit and its health element, and through the personal independence payment, which is a contribution to the additional costs of sickness and disability.
My constituent Jenifer Picton is currently undergoing extensive treatment for cancer and is consequently unable to work.
I wish Ms Picton all the very best with her treatment.
She has come to my office, which has helped with universal credit, PIP and the new-style employment and support allowance.
She has now managed to get PIP, but given that she is seriously ill, why should she have to come to my office for help?
Why do we make it so arduous and difficult for people who need treatment to get help?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question and the typical assiduity with which he takes up his constituency case.
May I send my best wishes, and I am sure those of the whole House, to Ms Picton?
I am happy to meet him to discuss in more detail the circumstances that he has described.
Data in responses to my written questions on PIP appeals shows that more than 50,000 ill or disabled people had their appeals upheld at tribunal without the need for new evidence.
Given that the UK Government will be examined today by the UN Committee on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities following its 2016 special inquiry that found that the threshold had been met for grave and systematic violations, is it not time to replace the flawed and outdated PIP system with a framework that is fit for purpose?
Of course, we always keep all benefits under review at the Department, including PIP and the assessment processes.
As the hon.
Lady points out, there is rightly an appeals process for those who are not happy with the conclusions of those assessments.
We keep those under review, and I can reassure her that they represent a relatively small proportion of the total number of applications.
What recent assessment he has made of the potential implications for his policies of regional variations in levels of employment and inactivity.
The regional employment gap is significantly lower than in 2010.
Jobcentres take a place-based approach to deliver targeted support that reflects local need and the local economy.
Health Equity North research shows high levels of economic inactivity in the north-east due to disability or ill health—40% above the national average.
I visited the jobcentre in Newcastle and was very impressed by the dedication and hard work of the staff, but I know from the Public and Commercial Services union that one in four universal credit managers took time off in 2023 for mental illness, which is three times the figure before 2019.
We are the only country in the G7 not to have the same level of employment as before the pandemic.
Are those high rates not because of record NHS waiting lists, low staff morale and general Government incompetence?
As the hon.
Lady found, within our jobcentres we have highly skilled people helping people to find work.
We have a higher number of people with disabilities in work than in 2010—more than 2 million—and we intend to ensure that work coaches can work carefully and sensitively and attend to people’s needs.