Friend raises economic inactivity, which is lower in our country than in the United States, France and Italy.
It is below the average of the OECD, the G7 and the European Union.
Apprenticeships play a very important part in producing those good figures, though there is of course always more to be done, not least through our approach of engaging extremely closely with employers, both at the national level and through our jobcentres.
As somebody who has fought really hard over the last four years to overcome the difficulties presented by long covid, I am sure that the Secretary of State will appreciate that a significant number of the people not in work because of health conditions will have some form of post-viral fatigue linked to long covid.
What assessment has he made of the effect of long covid on the workforce, and what is he doing to help people who have it get back to work?
The hon.
Gentleman specifically raises long covid, which is one of many health pressures in our society and post covid in many other countries that were also affected by the virus.
We have a number of approaches, including universal support, which places people in employment and gives them critical support for up to 12 months.
We also have WorkWell, and we are looking at occupational health and what tax incentives we might put in place to encourage employers to do more on that front.
We are doing a great deal.
I call the shadow Minister.
Arguably, the biggest barrier to growth in the UK and to turning around the Prime Minister’s recession is the supply of labour.
Following the Chancellor’s “Back to work Budget” in the autumn and all the measures unveiled since then, some of which the Secretary of State has just reeled off, did the Office for Budget Responsibility upgrade or downgrade its forecast on employment growth in the Budget 12 days ago?
One of the most important figures in the spring Budget economic and fiscal outlook was a recognition by the OBR that there will be a net 200,000 more people in employment as a consequence of that fiscal event and the one that preceded it in the autumn.
What the hon.
Lady cannot get away from is that economic inactivity in our country is at a lower level than in every year under the last Labour Government.
What the Secretary of State cannot get away from is the fact that, as has already been said, our employment rate has not returned to the post-pandemic level.
He cannot answer the question because the truth is that the OBR downgraded its forecast: the unemployment forecast is worse.
The reason for that is a truth that the British people have known for a long time now: these Ministers sitting on the Treasury Bench have no idea, no plan for jobs, no plan for growth.
They are done; it is time for a general election.
I have already referred to the 200,000 additional jobs that the OBR suggests in its forecast, but the hon.
Lady cannot get away from the fact that we have record levels of payroll employment in our country, and near record low unemployment.
Let us contrast that with Labour’s record: it always leaves unemployment higher than when it comes into office.
Economic inactivity was higher than it is now in each year of the previous Labour Government, and we had more people in absolute poverty after housing costs under Labour as a direct consequence.
What his planned timetable is for the roll-out of welfare reforms.
We are bringing forward a number of important reforms to our welfare system at pace.
Phase 1 of our universal support has already been activated, and phase 2 will be later this year.
Next month we will announce 15 WorkWell areas—about a third of England—that have been successfully selected, and will be rolled out live this autumn.