I know the Opposition have relied on last week’s Resolution Foundation report to criticise what we are doing, but this is what the report actually says:
“‘Pensioners used to be by far the most likely to be in poverty…now they are the least likely.’
This change in the relationship between old age and low income is one of the most profound social and economic changes this country has seen”.
We achieved that under this Government, not under our failed Labour predecessors.
What steps he is taking through the benefits system to tackle poverty in rural areas.
We are bearing down on poverty, not least by incentivising work within the benefit system.
As the hon.
Gentleman will know, we have reduced the universal credit taper, for example, which has led to a record level of payroll employment and near record low unemployment.
I commissioned a poverty report for the Arfon constituency from the highly respected Bevan Foundation—copies are available online in Welsh and English.
One finding is that, of the people receiving both universal credit and housing benefit in Arfon, 35% are paying the bedroom tax, compared with 21% across Wales.
This is cushioned to some extent by the Gwynedd local authority’s discretionary help, but will the Minister review the differential negative effects of the bedroom tax between communities, particularly those with a diminished housing stock because of, for example, high levels of holiday homes?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for referring to that report, which I will look at with interest.
Of course, there is no such thing as a bedroom tax, as it is not a tax at all; it is a spare room subsidy.
It is there for very good reason: to free up additional space for those who need it.
On the housing front, as I said earlier, local housing allowance has been improved such that 1.6 million people on low incomes in the private rented sector will be, on average, £800 a year better off come April.
One of the best ways to tackle poverty in rural areas such as Ynys Môn is through jobs fairs.
Will the Secretary of State join me in thanking Alwen Gardiner and my brilliant Ynys Môn DWP team for organising an excellent tourism and hospitality jobs fair, which was attended by over 150 jobseekers in Llangefni and companies such as Tredici Butchers & Deli in Beaumaris, and the Breeze Hill in Benllech?
Diolch yn fawr.
I thank my hon.
Friend for drawing attention to her jobs fair.
She is a local dynamo in standing up for her constituents.
When I arrived there recently thinking I was very special to support yet another jobs fair—a disability jobs fair—I was quickly reminded of the fact that I was the 32nd Minister to have been to her constituency in, I think, the past 12 months.
What steps he is taking to tackle non-payment of housing benefit to district councils when the beneficiary is not a registered social landlord.
The Supported Housing (Regulatory Oversight) Act 2023 brings reforms to the supported housing sector to improve quality and value for money.
Any changes to funding models would need to be considered in the context of those broader reforms, but we keep the subsidy policy under review.
Charnwood Borough Council currently contributes £1.5 million a year to subsidise the supported housing benefit payment to local charities, which are unable to become registered social landlords.
The charities provide excellent support and accommodation to those suffering from addiction, or ex-offenders undergoing rehabilitation.
However, the cost to the council is unsustainable.
Please will my hon.
Friend look at funding those services, as the Department for Work and Pensions currently does for similar organisations that are registered social landlords?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this issue.
The challenging fiscal environment means that we need to prioritise resources and ensure that support is targeted effectively to maximise impact for citizens.