It has been a fantastic success since its launch by the then Prime Minister 12 years ago.
By March 2015, ahead of schedule, the Government reached their target of establishing 100 new combined cadet force units in state secondary schools in England.
In November 2019, again ahead of schedule, we reached our further target of establishing 500 new cadet units across the United Kingdom.
Funded with £50 million from LIBOR fines, the expansion programme benefits many schools in less affluent areas.
To give renewed impetus to the programme, the Government had by this time outlined a further aspiration to increase the number of cadets in school units to 60,000 by April 2024.
However, cadet units require a significant amount of personal commitment from school leaders and volunteers, and in spite of successes, about 50 of the units established since 2012 have failed, often as a result of changes to a school’s leadership or priorities.
That is a pity, but it in no way detracts from the leadership and drive of school teams that have advanced the cadet programme, to whom I pay tribute.
As we approach April 2024, although cadet numbers in schools have increased by 15% since April 2020 to more than 54,000, it is clear that covid has had an impact on this as on so much of our national life, and that we will not reach our 60,000 aspiration within the challenging timeframe that we set.
However, it is not only the direct impact of the pandemic that has slowed progress.
In addition to cadet activities being halted or limited by covid restrictions, participation has been affected by the resulting change in school priorities, with many understandably reorientating themselves from extra-curricular activities to prioritise catching up on lost learning.
Given this context, the fact that we have already achieved 90% of our ambition to have 60,000 cadets in schools is a great credit to every individual and school involved in our expansion programme.
We have also made progress on a number of other fronts to provide the greatest support for school cadet units that we can.
In the last year, we have developed a Combined Cadet Force engagement and communication framework.
We have worked with the single-service cadet forces to improve the delivery model, and have extended funding for regional school cadet expansion officers.
According to a report produced by academics at the University of Northampton, more than 91% of headteachers surveyed considered their cadet units to be a good investment for their schools, and a whopping 98.9% reported an improvement in the resilience of participants.
Most recent estimates have calculated the cost of participation at £836 per cadet, and I call that a fantastic value-for-money investment in their future, our future, and the future of our country.
However, Members do not have to take my word for it: the academics who conducted the study concluded that
“school based cadet units are delivering excellent value for money”—
as well they should, given that the estimate of the Institute for Public Policy Research is that the cost of just one school exclusion is £392,000.
Resolved,
That an Humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give directions that there be laid before this House a Return of the Report from the Right Honourable Sir Alan Moses, Chairman of the Spoliation Advisory Panel, dated  18 March 2024 , in respect of three oil sketches by Sir Peter Paul Rubens now in the possession of the Courtauld Institute of Art, London.—(Aaron Bell.)
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps his Department is taking to support financially people unable to work due to serious medical conditions.
My Department does a great deal to support the long-term sick and disabled, including through universal credit and its health element, and through the personal independence payment, which is a contribution to the additional costs of sickness and disability.