The accusations from Opposition parties that somehow partisan evidence has been put before the Chamber are completely wrong and are refuted by the hon.
and learned Lady’s own point.
She, as Chair of the Joint Committee on Human Rights, has just been to Rwanda to see for herself—we had an exchange on that last week—and I look forward to her Committee’s report.
The answer is the treaty, the Bill and the published evidence pack.
In the Bill is the conclusive presumption that Rwanda is generally a safe country.
My question was this: in January this year, the British Government, through the Home Office, published a 137-page document about the human rights situation in Rwanda, detailing serious concerns from such august bodies as the US State Department about the protection of human rights on the ground in Rwanda, so what has changed since the Home Office published that note in January?
The Minister has not answered that question.
If he cannot answer it, then this House cannot say that Rwanda is a safe country.
The answer is that the hon.
and learned Lady must not cherry-pick her evidence.
The evidence must be looked at in the round.
As I say, it is the treaty, the Bill and the published evidence together.
The hon.
and learned Lady may not have confidence in our international partners to abide by their treaties, but this Government do.
The Government of Rwanda will abide by their treaty.
Will the Minister give way?
I will not give way.
There is a conclusive presumption in the Bill that Rwanda is generally a safe country.
There is a series of facts reinforced by statute.
The courts have not concluded that there is a general risk to the safety of relocated individuals in Rwanda.
Rather, as we have repeatedly set out, the treaty responds to the Supreme Court’s findings.
The assurances we have had, since negotiated in our legally binding treaty with Rwanda, directly address the findings.
They make detailed provision for the treatment of relocated individuals in Rwanda, ensuring that they will be offered safety and protection with no risk of refoulement.
Respectfully, that responds directly to the points that were raised.
Is the Minister aware of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees’ comments?
It says:
“UNHCR will build on the favourable protection environment through continued advocacy and technical support to”
the Government of Rwanda.
It goes on to say that it is moving from a humanitarian approach to a developmental approach, so that people will be able to have the chance of a livelihood and a safe environment to build their life for the future.
Is this not exactly what Rwanda want to put across to people who find themselves there?
My hon.
Friend proves the point I just made, that it is the evidence in the round that must be considered.
I am grateful to him for drawing that to Parliament’s attention.
Will the Minister give way?
I have given way twice to the hon.
and learned Lady, so I will make progress.
We have been clear that the purpose of this legislation is to stop the boats, and to do that we must create a deterrent.
That goes to the point of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Gloucester (Richard Graham) .
Will the Minister give way?
I have already given way to the hon.
Gentleman, so I will make progress.
That shows that if you enter the United Kingdom illegally, you will not be able to stay.
We cannot allow systematic legal challenges to continue to frustrate and delay removals.
Those Opposition Members who support this amendment do not mind if there are continuing legal challenges that frustrate and delay removals, but we on this side are not supporting the amendments.
It is right that the scope for individualised claims remains limited.
On that point about the deterrent, will the Minister give way?
No, I am going to move on to amendment 6.