As the hon.
Lady found, within our jobcentres we have highly skilled people helping people to find work.
We have a higher number of people with disabilities in work than in 2010—more than 2 million—and we intend to ensure that work coaches can work carefully and sensitively and attend to people’s needs.
In recent months, the Welsh Affairs Committee has heard from young adults about their experiences with the benefits system.
We have been struck by how this group of young people want to work and feel that they can work, but they have been written off as long-term sick and passed to the long-term sickness benefit roll by jobcentres.
They feel incredibly let down.
Does the Minister agree that we cannot afford to be signing off so many of our young people on long-term sickness?
That is why we have WorkWell, the back to work plan, and the occupational health group, led by Dame Carol Black, looking into fit note reform.
It is also why we have youth employment coaches and the  youth hubs.
We are working to ensure that there is the right attenuated support, including kickstart, the sector-based work academy programme and boot camps.
Only last week, I met Steph, who is 27, 10 years out of work and grateful for the help that she has had.
What steps he is taking to help people into work.
Jobcentre Plus provides a variety of different support to encourage and support people into work, including training and one-to-one, face-to-face counselling by work coaches.
In February, there were 615 claimants aged 18 to 24 out of work in Sittingbourne and Sheppey.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that it is important that schools and businesses work together to ensure that young people have the qualifications and skills they need to progress into work once they finish full-time education?
I could not agree more with my hon.
Friend.
It is exactly why we have youth hubs providing advice and support on not just getting into work but other important matters to young people, such as housing, their health and debt management.
I was talking to the Royal National Institute of Blind People, which represents the blind and partially sighted.
It told me of an employee who said,
“I am newly employed and I am unable to fulfil my role.
It has been extremely stressful and frustrating”,
and this is because of Access to Work.
Does the Minister agree that without having Access to Work in place within the first four weeks of someone entering work, it is incredibly difficult for them to maintain that position?
I am pleased that the hon.
Lady raises Access to Work, because it is extremely effective.
The grant can be there year in, year out and be up to a maximum of £66,000.
Along with other approaches, it has very much led to our meeting our employment goal for disabled people in half the time that we set in 2017—over a million more disabled people were in work by 2022.
What are the Government doing to use apprenticeships to help young people engage with the labour market, to tackle levels of economic inactivity and to give them the opportunities they need to get the careers that they want?
My right hon.
Friend raises economic inactivity, which is lower in our country than in the United States, France and Italy.
It is below the average of the OECD, the G7 and the European Union.
Apprenticeships play a very important part in producing those good figures, though there is of course always more to be done, not least through our approach of engaging extremely closely with employers, both at the national level and through our jobcentres.