My hon.
Friend is right that we need to introduce scientific age assessments.
Our European and international friends and allies do so, and we must get that scheme up and running.
There is nothing in amendment 7 that directly affects that or the 2022 policy, so I encourage her to be reassured on that point.
I will take away her encouragement to expedite that and I am grateful for her intervention, because she is right.
My hon.
Friend anticipated my point that assessing age is inherently difficult and there are obvious safeguarding risks if adults purporting to be children are placed in the care system.
It is important that we take clear steps to deter adults from claiming to be children and to avoid lengthy legal challenges to age-assessment decisions to prevent the removal of those who have been assessed to be adults.
However, the amendment would result in treating differently those who are to be removed to Rwanda from those removed to another country.
We consider the provisions in place entirely necessary to safeguard genuine children and to guard against adults who seek to game the system by purporting to be children.
On Lords amendment 8, the House will be aware that the Home Office regularly publishes statistics on migration levels in the United Kingdom.
It is not necessary to report the number of removals to Parliament in the manner proposed.
We do not consider an obligation to report to Parliament on operational matters to be appropriate.
Reverting to the previous amendment on the facts that Parliament should be given, can the Minister confirm the reports in the paper that the Home Office is now seeking to pay people to go to Rwanda in order to fill the flights?
Can he also confirm that if people take up that Home Office proposal, they will be subject to exactly the same very substantial payments to the Rwandan Government?
Will they also be covered by the capacity questions in the treaty?
Respectfully, that is not directly relevant to amendment 8.
The answer to the question on voluntary removals is yes, this will happen in exactly the same way.
There have been voluntary removals—including 19,000 last year—all the way back to the dawn of time or possibly before.
There is nothing new.
The novel part is that there will be voluntary removals to Rwanda; that is absolutely right.
Specifically in relation to amendment 8, it is not necessary to report the number of removals to Parliament and we do not consider obligations to report to Parliament to be appropriate.
Will the Minister give way?
I am going to continue.
Amendment 9 would act to impede provisions already recently passed in the Nationality and Borders Act 2022 and the Illegal Migration Act 2023.
The amendment is unnecessary.
It is important to be clear that the Government of Rwanda have systems in place to safeguard relocated individuals with a range of vulnerabilities, including those concerning mental health and gender-based violence.
Furthermore, under article 13 of the treaty, Rwanda must have regard to information provided about relocated individuals relating to any specific needs that might arise as a result of their being a victim of modern slavery or human trafficking, and must take all necessary steps to ensure that those needs are accommodated.
In relation to amendment 10, the Government greatly value the contribution of those who have supported us and our armed forces overseas.
That is why there are legal routes for them to come to the United Kingdom.
It remains the Government’s priority to deter people from making dangerous and unnecessary journeys to the United Kingdom.
Anyone who arrives here illegally should not be able to make the United Kingdom their home and eventually settle here.
A person who chooses to come here illegally, particularly if they have a safe and legal route available to them, should be liable for removal to a safe country.