We are bringing forward a number of important reforms to our welfare system at pace.
Phase 1 of our universal support has already been activated, and phase 2 will be later this year.
Next month we will announce 15 WorkWell areas—about a third of England—that have been successfully selected, and will be rolled out live this autumn.
I thank the Secretary of State for listing all those reforms.
The data is clear that after 13 weeks out of work, the chances of someone finding work starts to fall off rapidly.
Therefore, there is a need for more intensive and tailored support.
Could he update the House on the additional jobcentre support roll-out, and when my constituents might get access to those benefits?
We are keen to do that.
AJS, to which my hon.
Friend refers, has been rolled out in parts of the country at six weeks, but shortly will be extended and strengthened for two weeks at the 13-week stage of the unemployment journey.
That is part of the more intensive conditions that we apply to ensure that we help—and in many circumstances, require—people to go back into work.
Some of the poorest people I know in my constituency work for themselves.
Hill farmers have seen a 41% drop in their income over the last four years.
The welfare system does not work for them, because they are paid less than the minimum wage.
Access to universal credit is less for them, because of the minimum income floor.
Will the Secretary of State urgently look at that, so that small business owners—especially hill farmers in my constituency —are not made even poorer because of the Government’s rules?
The hon.
Gentleman is right inasmuch as universal credit for the self-employed has to recognise the fact that sometimes there are inconsistent levels of income month to month.
That is why we have a minimum income floor and the arrangements around that.
I know he has a rural, agricultural constituency; I recognise some of those issues, and I am looking closely at them.
What assessment he has made of the effectiveness of his Department's support for vulnerable people who claim social security benefits.
[In British Sign Language: “Happy Sign Language Week everybody.”]
It is a key priority for the Department for Work and Pensions to provide effective support for our vulnerable customers.
We provide training on how to support customers’ mental health, and we have a six-point plan for supporting claimants who may be at risk of suicide or self-harm.
The DWP regularly reviews processes to make improvements through colleague and customer feedback, and through the work of the serious case panel.
The Government estimated that 3% of households on legacy benefits would fail to move to universal credit under managed migration.
However, by last December, 21% had not managed to do so and, as a result, had their benefits stopped.
This is a matter of real concern.
The DWP will now ask more vulnerable people who are wholly reliant on benefits to transfer.
What will the Government do to ensure that those vulnerable people do not fall out of the social security system?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her point about vulnerable customers who have come into our curtilage and purview.
The Minister for Employment has reminded me that we will take this very slowly, and will engage with and support customers.
Customers can speak to help to claim advisers at Citizens Advice, and we will ensure that we listen to them.
In addition to the financial support provided to personal independence payment claimants, what progress is being made to refer claimants proactively to the widest support available in their community?
I thank my hon.
Friend for highlighting this point.
There is the household support fund, help to claim, and opportunities to pop into the local library to get additional support, for example.