Friend’s local jobcentre and the range of access to support.
I am sure we will be discussing all these issues tomorrow at the roundtable with seafood processors that I will be attending along with the Minister for Legal Migration and the Border, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Corby (Tom Pursglove) .
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
A large number of people in Banff and Buchan are economically inactive.
They are not claiming benefits so they are not eligible for employment support from jobcentres, but the Select Committee recommended last summer that such people should be eligible.
Would that not be in their interests and in the interests of employers struggling to fill vacant posts at the moment, and therefore supportive of much-needed economic growth?
We always take these matters very seriously and keep them under full review.
What recent assessment his Department has made of the potential impact of changes in the cost of living on levels of food bank use.
What recent assessment his Department has made of the potential impact of changes in the cost of living on levels of food bank use.
Food banks are independent organisations, with DWP having no direct role in their operation.
We do, however, monitor the use of food banks through the family resources survey, and the next instalment of that will be later this month.
Nearly 50,000 people needed help from Ealing Foodbank last year.
Some 38% of them were children under 16.
It is amazing that the food bank and its volunteers are there to help, but it is a national shame that it is needed.
What are the Government’s plans to reduce dependence on food banks?
This is the Government who have overseen a 400,000 reduction in the number of children in absolute poverty since 2010.
Despite the chuntering from the Opposition Front Bench, unfortunately the figures were far worse under the last Labour Government than they may be at the moment.
The hon.
Gentleman asks directly what we are doing.
We are again putting up the national living wage by substantially more than inflation this April.
The Chancellor has already brought in national insurance cuts that will be worth £900 to the average earner.
Benefits themselves are going up by 6.7% next month.
We have also changed the arrangements for local housing allowance, which means that 1.6 million people, many of whom are on very low incomes, will be better off by an average of £800 a year.
While on the campaign trail, I met the Daylight Centre and SERVE Rushden.
Both have seen their service users increase in number, even with the extension of the household support fund, which they both welcome.
What can the Secretary of State do to expand the eligibility of the fund, improve uptake and increase the value of the healthy start payment?
May I welcome the hon.
Lady to her place?
In answer to her question, I will simply point out that there was much speculation before the spring Budget about whether the housing support fund was going to be extended.
In my opinion, the Chancellor took exactly the right approach, and the fund has now been extended for a further six months.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
Research from the Trussell Trust reveals the devastating truth: more than half of people receiving universal credit ran out of food in January and could not afford more, and 2.4 million universal credit claimants have fallen into debt because they could not keep up with essential bills.
Will the Secretary of State back the Trussell Trust’s joint campaign with the Joseph Rowntree Foundation, and commit to legislate for an essentials guarantee in universal credit to reduce food bank use and ensure that everyone has a protected minimum amount of support in order to afford life’s essentials—yes or no?