For the avoidance of doubt, can the Minister tell us when the UK Government consulted the Irish Government about this legislation, and about our obligations under the Good Friday agreement?
What was the outcome of that consultation?
I am concerned with this Government and this Parliament.
As for our obligations, nothing in the Bill requires any act or omission that conflicts with our international obligations.
In fact, this Bill is based on compliance by both Rwanda and the United Kingdom with international law in the form of a treaty that recognises and reflects the international legal obligations of both the United Kingdom and Rwanda.
At least the Minister responds to our questions and tries to address the issues.
The last time I asked a question on this matter, he tried to answer it, but the fact is that because of Northern Ireland’s border with the Republic of Ireland, it has special circumstances.
We were reassured then about Northern Ireland’s circumstances;  the hon.
Member for Walthamstow (Stella Creasy)  referred to the Good Friday agreement, which is one example, but there is  also the matter before us.
Can the Minister confirm that the concerns that the Democratic Unionist party put forward in our last debate on this issue have been taken on board?
We do not see that from the legislation before us tonight, and if we do not see that, it will be hard for us to support the Government.
I do recall our earlier exchange across the Chamber, and the hon.
Gentleman may know of my exchange with his hon.
Friend  the Member for Belfast East (Gavin Robinson)  and the subsequent correspondence.
The Government continue to believe that there is no incompatibility between the Bill and article 2 of the Windsor framework.
I know the hon.
Gentleman has been concerned about that, but I hope he was reassured by some of the details set out in the letter.
I must say I am surprised that the Government are not concerned about the clash between the Bill and article 2 of the Windsor framework and the Northern Ireland protocol, given that the High Court in Belfast has ruled that legislation of this nature cannot apply in Northern Ireland because it is incompatible with the obligation in article 2 to accord with European law.
I understand the right hon.
Gentleman’s concerns, but I repeat that there is no incompatibility between article 2 and the Bill.
He is right to cite the judgment, but there is to be an appeal, so it would not be right to debate it further at this stage.
The Government’s position on this point is very clear, as set out in previous exchanges and also in the letter that is now in the House of Commons Library.
Rwanda cannot be deemed a safe country for refugees simply as a result of a unilateral declaration by the Government in the face of the courts and other independent organisations that have proved the contrary to be the case.
But let me get this straight: it will cost nearly £600 million for just 300 refugees to be sent on a plane to Rwanda, which amounts to an eye-watering £2 million cost per person to the public purse.
Does the Minister agree that that is precisely why this political gimmick of a Rwanda Bill is extortionate, unethical, unworkable and unlawful?
I disagree entirely with all the points that the hon.
Gentleman has made; I know that he is patient, and he will hear me respond to each and every one.
Like me, the Minister has always believed that immigration should be dealt with on a UK rather than a Great Britain basis, for obvious reasons.
Given the comments that we have just heard, does he agree that there is plenty of precedent within our own law for deeming certain claims for certain citizens inadmissible?