Would he be kind enough to set out today the help that the Government have given and are giving to pensioners, to help them realise that “nothing” is far from the reality of what a Conservative Government are giving them?
I am grateful for that question.
The answer could not be further from nothing.
This is a Government with a proven track record of supporting pensioners, including our commitment to the triple lock.
In April we will see the state pension raised by 8.5% this year, after an increase of 10.1% last year, meaning that it will be a full £3,200 higher in cash terms than it was in 2010.
I very much welcome the record on supporting pensioners that my hon.
Friend has just outlined.
A number of pensioners in my constituency have contacted me about the effects of fiscal drag—they may have a very modest private pension that is now being dragged into tax when they never expected it to be.
What steps is my hon.
Friend taking in conjunction with the Treasury to ensure that we can get pensioners on modest private pensions out of tax?
This is the Government who have nearly doubled the personal allowance since 2010, ensuring that most of the lowest earners do not pay income tax.
Indeed, thanks to the personal allowance, around 30% of individuals do not pay tax, and of course any pensioner solely reliant on the state pension does not pay income tax.
Does my hon.
Friend agree with me that while the Conservatives proudly continue to support pensioners in their hard-earned retirement with the triple lock and other cost of living support measures, it is disgraceful that the Labour Mayor of London has hammered pensioners and working people in Bexley by increasing council tax by approximately £200 per year, and ultra low emission zone charges to £12.50 per day?
I am sure my hon.
Friend agrees with me that the Mayor of London seems to spend more time paying extremely expensive salaries to some of his key employees around Greater London.
Of course ULEZ has an effect on pensioners: whether they are going to the shops, visiting their family or attending hospital appointments, they will be the ones to pay the price for the Mayor’s overweening ambition.
In early December, my constituent was informed by the DWP that they must renew their personal independence payment entitlement.
They were told that if the necessary forms were not returned by  13 January , their PIP could be stopped.
On Christmas day, the DWP informed my constituent that, as the forms had not been returned, their PIP entitlement had been stopped and they owed some money.
My constituent returned the forms in early January, long before the deadline, but they have had no response since then, and nor have they received their benefits.
Could I implore the Minister to intervene in this astounding case and work out exactly how this error could have occurred?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her question.
If she writes to me with further details, I will ensure that the relevant Minister is able to look into the case.
With more than 9 million pensioners now paying income tax —many, as we have just heard, as a result of frozen allowances—and almost 1 million not receiving pension credit to which they are rightly entitled, does the Minister think it might be time to improve the uptake of pension credit?
I am pleased to be able to say that applications to receive pension credit are currently increasing, quarter on quarter.
indicated dissent.
If the hon.
Gentleman will wait and listen to the answer, I will explain what we are doing to increase uptake of pension credit.