I obviously cannot comment on an individual case.
However, I am very happy to look closely into the matter he has raised, and either I or a relevant Minister will be happy to meet him.
The number of the long-term sick has risen from 2.1 million pre-pandemic to 2.8 million today.
This huge increase started in spring 2021, at the same time as the roll-out of the experimental, emergency-use vaccines—or does the Secretary of State have an alternative explanation for the unprecedented rise in long-term sickness in the UK since spring 2021?
Among the major drivers of the increase to which the hon.
Gentleman refers are mental health issues and musculoskeletal issues.
I am not entirely sure that he is accurate when he says that the upward trajectory in the number occurred just as vaccination occurred—I think it predated that moment—and I certainly do not subscribe to the view that vaccination is in any way unsafe.
For many years, the Department published statistics giving a breakdown of welfare claims by nationality.
Although the Department still has the data, it no longer publishes the statistics.
Will the Minister look again at that, and start publishing those important statistics once again?
I thank my hon.
Friend, but I would like to inform him that at the moment there are no plans to recommence the publication of those statistics.
The last Labour Government lifted 1 million children out of poverty.
After 14 years of Tory Government, we have 1 million children in destitution.
What has gone wrong?
I have to take issue with the hon.
Gentleman.
He needs to look more closely at his party’s record in government.
Fact No.
1 is that the Labour party always leaves office with higher unemployment.
Fact No.
2 is that economic inactivity in our country is lower than in any year in his party’s time in office.
Fact No.
3 is that absolute poverty has declined in our country since his party was in office.
Fact No.
4 is that there were more children in workless households on his watch than there are on ours.
Perhaps most tellingly of all, during his party’s time in office, over 1 million people languished on long-term benefits for almost a decade.
That is a disgraceful record.
One of the most challenging groups of people to get back into the workforce is those in their 50s and 60s whose jobs disappeared during covid.
They have possibly fallen  back on their personal pensions, although with inflation, that money is being eaten away.
What actions is my hon.
Friend taking to get those people back into work, and to encourage them into jobs that are valuable and improve our productivity?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that question.
I would ask people to go to their jobcentre, which can help them build their CV and their confidence.
We have 50PLUS champions across all districts, and midlife MOTs.
I for one think that working in my 50s—and now my 60s—is a very good idea indeed.
The two wellbeing hubs in my constituency, in Brora and Dunbeath, are crucial to the wellbeing of pensioners.
They signpost the best mix of benefits and are a last safety net, but their future is uncertain because of the vagaries of NHS Scotland finance.
Will a Minister meet me to discuss how we can safeguard the future of these two centres?
I am always happy to have a debate with the hon.
Gentleman.
We sit next to each other almost every morning in Portcullis House, and I am sure that we can have a conversation.
Aylesbury is a wonderful place to live, work, visit and invest in, but sadly we have some areas of economic deprivation.
Opportunity Bucks, run by Buckinghamshire Council, has identified Aylesbury north and Aylesbury north-west as areas for extra attention, where we could improve education, training and skills.
How can my hon.
Friend’s Department assist such initiatives in getting more Aylesbury residents into work?