indicated dissent.
If the hon.
Gentleman will wait and listen to the answer, I will explain what we are doing to increase uptake of pension credit.
Not only do we have major nationwide campaigns, our latest one featuring Harry Redknapp; we are also carrying out experimental campaigns, such as writing to all those pensioners who are in receipt of housing benefit, to make sure that those most likely to be eligible for pension credit are being targeted to take it up.
It is all very well people applying for pension credit, but The Well advice centre in my constituency has identified massive delays in people getting the pension credit for which they are eligible.
One constituent got in touch with me in February, having applied for pension credit in August 2023, and they were still waiting for the application to be resolved, resulting in a backdating of more than £8,000.
Would that money not have been much better in the pocket of a pensioner who needed it right then, rather than waiting indefinitely for the DWP to get back to them?
I am obviously disappointed to hear of that constituent’s experience, but it is not something I hear very often about pension credit.
We have an excellent delivery record and an extremely low level of complaints.
Southend’s indomitable pensioners and WASPI women Frances Neil and Deborah Dalton came to see me on Friday on behalf of the 10,000 WASPI women across Southend.
With the ombudsman’s final report due within weeks,  will the Secretary of State please commit to coming to the House to make a statement so that these issues can be fully aired?
As I am sure my hon.
Friend is all too aware, I am not able to comment until the Parliamentary and Health Service Ombudsman’s report is published.
When will this miserable Government wake up to the fact that there is a shortage of skilled labour in this country, and at the same time that we have an army of pensioners who could be retained in the workforce if they were given the right incentives to carry on working?
There is a good relationship between work and staying healthy, so will the Minister act?
I am not sure whether the hon.
Gentleman is volunteering himself for a post-Commons career, but there are many job opportunities for pensioners across the country.
Indeed, many people working on attendance allowance in my part of Blackpool are in their 70s and 80s, and they are doing a fantastic job.
We put an awful lot of effort, not just through the mid-life MOT but through the older worker support in our jobcentres, to make sure that we match jobseekers to the right job for them.
I call the shadow Minister.
Time and again, pensioners have been let down by this Government.
They suspended the triple lock, breaking a key manifesto promise; their disastrous mini-Budget knocked hundreds of billions of pounds from pension pots; and their failure to get a grip on the cost of living means that pensioners are mainly living in cold homes over the winter and have a choice between heating or eating.
Against this backdrop, is the Minister at all surprised that almost one in five pensioners are now living in poverty?
It is as if the shadow Minister has not noticed the almost £900 of cost of living payments made to pension credit recipients across the country over the last year.
I know the Opposition have relied on last week’s Resolution Foundation report to criticise what we are doing, but this is what the report actually says:
“‘Pensioners used to be by far the most likely to be in poverty…now they are the least likely.’
This change in the relationship between old age and low income is one of the most profound social and economic changes this country has seen”.
We achieved that under this Government, not under our failed Labour predecessors.