Lady refers to did indeed involve an independent politician, although backed by Ken Livingstone.
However, in the year 2018 alone, there were 40 new cases of corruption under the then Labour Mayor John Biggs, and the incident I referred to was Labour’s legacy because just a few weeks ago, Government inspectors were called in again to investigate Tower Hamlets.
I fully understand it if the hon.
Lady does not want to take my word for it, so I direct her to a letter written to her party’s national executive committee in 2016 about a local selection.
It was written on behalf of members of the local Labour party.
It said:
“on behalf of a number of distressed members the Tower Hamlets Labour Party who have been victims of intimidation, bullying, harassment and blackmailing by members of John Biggs’ campaign team; some of whom are senior and leading figures of the local Labour Party”.
If she looks up the letter and sees who is signatory to it, she may be more persuaded.
Motion made, and Question put forthwith ( Standing Order No.
56 ), That the Bill be now read a Second time.
Question agreed to.
Bill accordingly read a Second time.
Question put forthwith, That the Bill be now read the Third time.
Question agreed to.
Bill accordingly read the Third time and passed.
Motion made, and Question put forthwith ( Standing Order No.
83A(7) ),
That the following provisions shall apply to the Safety of Rwanda (Asylum and Immigration) Bill for the purpose of supplementing the Order of  12 December 2023  (Safety of Rwanda (Asylum and Immigration) Bill: Programme):
Consideration of Lords Amendments
(1) Proceedings on consideration of Lords Amendments shall (so far as not previously concluded) be brought to a conclusion at 8.00pm at today’s sitting.
Subsequent stages
(2) Any further Message from the Lords may be considered forthwith without any Question being put.
(3) Proceedings on the first of any further Messages from the Lords shall (so far as not previously concluded) be brought to a conclusion two hours after their commencement.
(4) Proceedings on any subsequent Message from the Lords shall (so far as not previously concluded) be brought to a conclusion one hour after their commencement.—(Aaron Bell.)
Question agreed to.
Consideration of Lords amendments
I can confirm that none of the Lords amendments engage Commons financial privilege.
I beg to move, That this House disagrees with Lords amendment 1.
With this it will be convenient to discuss Lords amendments 2 to 10, and Government motions to disagree.
This Bill is an essential element of our wider strategy to protect our borders, and to stop the boats to prevent the tragic loss of life at sea caused by dangerous, illegal and unnecessary crossings of the channel.
There are 10 Lords amendments.
First, I turn to amendment 1.
It implies that the legislation is not compliant with the rule of law, but I can confirm that it is.
I do not accept that the Bill undermines the rule of law, and the Government take our responsibilities and international obligations incredibly seriously.
There is nothing in the Bill that requires any act or omission that conflicts with our international obligations.
The Minister will understand that many of us are deeply concerned that the Bill undermines the Good Friday agreement.
He has told us previously that it does not, but he will also know that the Irish Parliament has been considering this matter.
Indeed, on  20 February , the Irish Prime Minister admitted that the Irish Government were concerned and were following this debate closely.
For the avoidance of doubt, can the Minister tell us when the UK Government consulted the Irish Government about this legislation, and about our obligations under the Good Friday agreement?
What was the outcome of that consultation?
I am concerned with this Government and this Parliament.