I call the SNP spokesperson.
Research from the Trussell Trust reveals the devastating truth: more than half of people receiving universal credit ran out of food in January and could not afford more, and 2.4 million universal credit claimants have fallen into debt because they could not keep up with essential bills.
Will the Secretary of State back the Trussell Trust’s joint campaign with the Joseph Rowntree Foundation, and commit to legislate for an essentials guarantee in universal credit to reduce food bank use and ensure that everyone has a protected minimum amount of support in order to afford life’s essentials—yes or no?
The most important thing is that this Government recognise that the best way out of poverty, and the best way to address the circumstances that the hon.
Lady describes, is through work.
That is why the Chancellor reduced taxation, making work pay ever more, and why the national living wage is to be increased by close to 10% this April, following a similar increase around this time last year.
Benefits are going up by 6.7% and increased by 10.1% this time last year.
I have already mentioned local housing allowance, and of course we have now had eight consecutive months of real wage growth as inflation has fallen.
What steps his Department is taking to increase the support offered by Jobcentres in Darlington.
The team are working tirelessly with Darlington Borough Council, Tees Valley Combined Authority and other partners to deliver through job fairs, SWAPs and skills bootcamps.
I thank my hon.
Friend for her answer, and may I be the first in the Chamber to wish her a very happy birthday?
In addition to the issues that she has highlighted, may I highlight the wonderful work that Darlington jobcentre has done in setting up its Facebook page?
Does she agree that it is a template for others to follow, and will she come to Darlington and meet my fantastic work coaches?
I thank my hon.
Friend—it is seemingly quite a large number on my birthday cards today.
My hon.
Friend has been a fantastic champion of his local jobcentre, and has campaigned vigorously to ensure that Darlington is at the forefront of innovation.
I will be meeting his team in April.
I have been to seven jobcentres since the last DWP questions, and I will make sure that his work coaches are at the top of my list.
The Minister, in her response to  the hon.
Member for Darlington (Peter Gibson) , has emphasised what she will do for his local jobcentre.
Whatever she will do for Darlington, she will also do for the rest of the United Kingdom, including my constituency of Strangford.
Across this great United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, how can we work better with further education colleges to get our young people ready for the jobs that become available?
I talk regularly to colleagues in the Department for Education, ensuring that those skilled boot camp SWAPs make people job-ready, because they have not only the experience but a guaranteed interview.
That is the way we are driving those numbers up.
What steps his Department is taking to support pensioners.
What steps his Department is taking to support pensioners.
What steps his Department is taking to support pensioners.
In 2023-24 we will spend over £152 billion on benefits for pensioners in Great Britain—5.9% of GDP—including a forecast £125.4 billion on the state pension.
I thank my hon.
Friend for his reply.
South Derbyshire pensioners have been in touch with me following the Budget, emailing to say that it seemed to offer them nothing.
Would he be kind enough to set out today the help that the Government have given and are giving to pensioners, to help them realise that “nothing” is far from the reality of what a Conservative Government are giving them?
I am grateful for that question.
The answer could not be further from nothing.