It is right that the scope for individualised claims remains limited.
On that point about the deterrent, will the Minister give way?
No, I am going to move on to amendment 6.
Amendment 6 seeks to enable United Kingdom courts and tribunals to grant interim remedies.
As I have previously stated, one of the core principles of the Bill is to limit the challenges that can be brought against the general safety of Rwanda.
This amendment completely undermines the purpose of the Bill and is not necessary.
I thank the Minister for giving way.
The Rwanda plan will not work as the deterrent that Ministers claim it will, not least because it will only account for less than 1% of all those seeking to cross the channel irregularly.
Where is the plan for the other 99%?
Will the Minister concede that instead of fixing their broken asylum system, the Conservatives have spent an eye-watering £5.4 billion on this, including over £4 billion on asylum hotels and accommodation?
That is what is at the crux of the matter, and that is what they need to resolve.
On deterrence, which I think was the thrust of the question, the Albania scheme brought into effect by the Prime Minister back in December 2022 proves the deterrent effect.
Crossings on small boats by those from Albania were down 90% as a result of that agreement.
That shows the deterrent effect.
Lords amendment 6 completely undermines the purpose of the Bill.
It is unnecessary because the Bill already contains appropriate safeguards to allow decision makers and the courts to consider claims of an individual person in particular circumstances, if there is compelling evidence.
The House will know that I am the chair of the all-party parliamentary group for international freedom of religion or belief.
The people who go through the system and go to Rwanda need to have their religious beliefs protected, whether they be Christians, or belong  to other religions or no religion.
My concern is that when they get to Rwanda, that protection may not be as strong as that which they have here.
Can the Minister give some assurance that people’s religious beliefs will have the same protections?
I know how seriously the hon.
Gentleman takes this important issue.
There is a policy of non-discrimination in the Rwandan constitution, which will provide some reassurance.
The monitoring committee is also there on a daily basis.
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for raising that point.
We have made it clear that we cannot continue to allow relocations to Rwanda to be frustrated and delayed as a result of systemic challenges on general safety.
On amendment 7, we need a strong deterrent to stop people putting their lives at risk by crossing the channel.
While creating that deterrent, it is important that the Government take decisive action also to deter adults from claiming to be children.
My right hon.
and learned Friend is right that it is essential that protections are in place to ensure that adults do not masquerade as children, to safeguard all those concerned.
However, he will be aware, as was raised in the Lords, that the age assessment criteria were to be introduced in 2022—[Interruption.]
My right hon.
Friend  the Member for Witham (Priti Patel)  and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Torbay (Kevin Foster)  agree.
The criteria still have not come into effect at the border in Dover and Manston.
Will the Minister assist the House by explaining how there can be confidence about age assessment and how it can be gamed if the amendment is agreed?
I noted some vigorous nodding from my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Witham (Priti Patel)  and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Torbay (Kevin Foster) .
My hon.
Friend is right that we need to introduce scientific age assessments.
Our European and international friends and allies do so, and we must get that scheme up and running.