Rwanda has a long and proud history of supporting and integrating asylum seekers and refugees into the region.
The Government of Rwanda, the African Union and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees signed an agreement to continue the operations of the emergency transit mechanism centre in Rwanda, which temporarily accommodates some of the most vulnerable refugee populations, who have faced trauma, detentions and violence.
Rwanda has showcased its willingness and ability to work collaboratively to provide solutions to refugee situations and to crises.
It is worth reflecting on the policy statement and some of the evidence that has been put forward in relation to this debate and previous debates, because there it is clear that the EU has announced a €22 million support package to the emergency transit mechanism.
The ambassador has said that it
“is a crucial life-saving initiative to evacuate people…to safety in Rwanda.
It is a significant example of African solidarity and of partnership with the European Union.”
The point the Minister has not mentioned is that the European scheme is voluntary.
Are the Government intending the same sort of parameters within this scheme?
On the safety of Rwanda, the ambassador was very clear about his assessment; I am going to continue reading the quote, but there are others.
There are more than 135,000 refugees safely in Rwanda and being looked after.
The ambassador went on to say:
“We are grateful to the Government of Rwanda for hosting these men, women and children until such time, durable solutions can be found.”
There is evidence of the safety of Rwanda.
The Minister says that he is accepting the word of the Rwandan Foreign Minister that the country is safe, yet our judges in the highest court of our country have decided that Rwanda is not safe—so is our Minister saying that the highest judges in our land are wrong?
No.
Respectfully, I encourage the hon.
Lady to listen to the debate, because I read out the words of the EU’s ambassador, not of any representative from Rwanda.
That is a powerful independent voice, which is why I cite it here in this Chamber.
The implementation of all measures within the treaty will be expedited.
Indeed, since our previous debate on this matter, the legislation required for Rwanda to ratify the treaty has passed through both Houses of the Rwandan Parliament.
Once ratified, the treaty will become law in Rwanda.
The implementation of these provisions in practice will be kept under review by the independent monitoring committee, whose role was enhanced by the treaty and which will ensure compliance with the obligations as agreed.
Does the Minister recall that the Supreme Court judgment hinged on the issue of refoulement and not on whether or not refugees were safe in Rwanda?
It might benefit some to have listened to its judgment.
I am grateful indeed to my hon.
Friend; I will turn to refoulement and non-refoulement, and that important issue, which is exactly the basis of the Supreme Court judgment, and how we have met it through evidence from subsequent to the time when the Supreme Court was looking at the facts on the ground.
The implementation of these provisions in practice will be kept under review by the independent monitoring committee.
As is stated clearly in clause 9 of the Bill, the provisions will come into force when the treaty enters into force, and the treaty enters into force once the parties have completed their internal procedures.
The Bill’s purpose is to make it clear that Rwanda is safe generally and that decision makers, as well as courts and tribunals, must conclusively treat it as such.
The amendment as drafted would open the door to lengthy legal challenges, which will delay removal.
It therefore follows that I cannot support the amendment.
We are confident in the Government of Rwanda’s commitment, and I am clear that Rwanda is a safe country.