Gentleman has made; I know that he is patient, and he will hear me respond to each and every one.
Like me, the Minister has always believed that immigration should be dealt with on a UK rather than a Great Britain basis, for obvious reasons.
Given the comments that we have just heard, does he agree that there is plenty of precedent within our own law for deeming certain claims for certain citizens inadmissible?
That has applied to the EU, and surely it is not a problem to extend it further, because we already have the principle that we can say  a claim is inherently unfounded when a country is clearly safe.
I agree entirely with my hon.
Friend, who speaks with great experience and authority.
He will be aware of other instances in which we have legislated and continue to legislate, and have deemed countries to be safe.
My right hon.
and learned Friend is making a good case for the importance of the Bill and the irrelevance of the amendments offered by the other place to what we are trying to achieve.
Does he agree that when people criticise the Bill on the ground of the cost of sending people to Rwanda, they entirely miss the point that this will act as a huge disincentive to people in families and communities, predominantly in the middle east, who fundraise vast sums of money in order for their children to arrive here in the UK and not end up in east Africa?
Does he also agree that the accusations based on cost hugely underestimate the actual cost of housing current illegal immigrants in hotels across the country?
My hon.
Friend is entirely right on both counts.
I will develop the point about the deterrent effect in a few moments, because it is a point that is missed repeatedly by the Labour Members.
He is also right about the cost, and the cost of not acting—not least the human cost of not acting.
rose—
I am going to make some progress now.
The Bill is based on the compliance of both Rwanda and the United Kingdom with international law in the form of the treaty, which itself reflects the international legal obligations of both the UK and Rwanda.
Along with other countries with similar constitutional arrangements to ours, we have a dualist approach; international law is treated as separate to domestic law, and international law is incorporated into our law by Parliament, through legislation.
This Bill reflects the fact that Parliament is sovereign and can change domestic law as it sees fit, including, if it is Parliament’s judgment, by requiring a state of affairs or facts to be recognised.
That is the central feature of the Bill, and many other provisions are designed to ensure that Parliament’s conclusion on the safety of Rwanda is accepted by the domestic courts.
The treaty sets out the international legal commitments that the UK and Rwandan Governments have made, consistent with their shared standards associated with asylum and refugee protection.
We have made it abundantly clear that we assess Rwanda to be a safe country, and that we are confident in the Government of Rwanda’s commitment to the partnership in order successfully to offer safety and protection to those relocated under the treaty.
I am unable to accept Lords amendment 2 as is it simply not necessary.
Rwanda has a long and proud history of supporting and integrating asylum seekers and refugees into the region.
The Government of Rwanda, the African Union and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees signed an agreement to continue the operations of the emergency transit mechanism centre in Rwanda, which temporarily accommodates some of the most vulnerable refugee populations, who have faced trauma, detentions and violence.
Rwanda has showcased its willingness and ability to work collaboratively to provide solutions to refugee situations and to crises.