We are committed to ensuring that the transition works as smoothly as possible for everyone.
Has the Minister made any recent assessment of what trades or occupations are short of workers at the moment,  and what steps are being taken to persuade people—perhaps more experienced people—back into the workforce to fill those vacancies?
We are working with other Departments, employers and stakeholders to isolate where those vacancies are, and on sector-based work academy programmes.
We have put over 266,000 people through construction, care, tourism, hospitality—all those gaps that we need to fill.
Of people currently claiming tax credits, 20% are not moving over to universal credit in the migration.
The Department tells us that those who are not claiming would have got a median amount of £3,200 a year.
Will the Minister assure me and the House that she is doing everything she can to ensure that people are getting the money that they are owed?
I assure the hon.
Lady that we are keeping a close eye on the issue, but ultimately it is the customer’s responsibility to claim.
I gently point out that we have been rolling out the migration in her constituency since May ’23, with not one complaint.
There is plenty of help available to those people as they transition.
As my right hon.
Friend will know, fast diagnosis and treatment are key to getting people back into work.
What representations has he made to his departmental and Cabinet colleagues to ensure that that is the case?
I thank my hon.
Friend and near neighbour for her question—I know that she cares deeply about the issue that she has raised.
We work closely with other Departments.
For example, we work with the Department of Health and Social Care on NHS talking therapies, of which we have announced 400,000 more over the next five years, as well as on WorkWell, which I have mentioned, and on fit note reform.
With the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities, we are working closely on housing—I have spoken about the local housing allowance changes coming through—and with the Department for Education we are working on SWAPs, and on training and apprenticeships.
Schools, general practitioners, social services, charities and housing associations can all refer their clients to a food bank in an emergency, yet this Government, who are responsible for benefit sanctions, have ordered DWP staff to stop referring claimants to food banks.
How can Ministers justify this decision to the families of the 4,027 children living in poverty in my east Durham constituency?
May I make it clear that that was just scaremongering?
The DWP has not changed its policy.
There are merely improvements being made to the signposting slip, so that we comply with our obligations under the GDPR.
We continue to provide guidance to customers, signposting them to emergency support, as is right.
A couple in my constituency recently received an apologetic letter from the Department for  Work and Pensions that set out a catalogue of mistakes that it had made.
Those mistakes almost led to their losing their home, which caused them enormous stress.
My constituents are now waiting for a decision on the compensation that they may receive.
Will my right hon.
Friend look into the case, and ensure that a decision is taken as quickly as possible, to save my constituents any further stress?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this matter.
I obviously cannot comment on an individual case.
However, I am very happy to look closely into the matter he has raised, and either I or a relevant Minister will be happy to meet him.
The number of the long-term sick has risen from 2.1 million pre-pandemic to 2.8 million today.