He acknowledges that we have managed nearly to double aid to £89 million this year.
For South Sudan—this, of course, also addresses many of the problems of Sudan—the figure for this financial year is £111 million, which is more than double what it was.
That includes multilateral and bilateral spend.
The fact that Britain has doubled its contribution gives it a locus, which was well used by my noble friend Lord Benyon last week in Paris at the Sudan conference, to make the point about other countries also supporting, given the desperate plight in which so many in Sudan find themselves.
I welcome this urgent question and the Government’s response.
We regularly talk about what is going on in Ukraine and the middle east, but we do not focus on the continent of Africa, or Sudan, which is turning into a failed state.
There is every prospect of what is going on in Sudan spilling out into other parts of central Africa and the Sahel.
Will the Deputy Foreign Secretary update the House on whether we have any presence in Port Sudan?
He talks about peace talks.
Egypt has also engaged in those, so can he update the House on the prospect of what is happening bringing the necessary parties together?
In respect of my right hon.
Friend’s final point, we are hopeful that the third set of negotiations in Jeddah will take place.
The Saudis committed on  15 April  to that happening in early May, and we are extremely grateful to the Saudis for that and for inviting the UAE, Egypt, the African Union and the Intergovernmental Authority on Development to be part of the negotiations.
The former Chairman of the Defence Committee is right about the danger of contagion across the region.
We are doing everything we can to support Abdalla Hamdok and the Taqaddum, as I mentioned earlier.
In terms of our support within Sudan, the ambassador is currently based in Addis Ababa and is working energetically with all the relevant parties to try to make progress.
The Sudanese community in Liverpool, Riverside, will be decidedly underwhelmed by the Minister’s response to this urgent question.
He mentioned supporting people moving to  neighbouring areas, but he did not mention the Sudanese who have lived, worked and contributed for years to the UK bringing over family members who are fleeing the conflict, or extending student visas or protections for Sudanese asylum seekers.
What will it take for the UK to provide a visa programme for Sudanese asylum seekers, similar to the Ukrainian scheme?
The two situations are not analogous.
If the Labour party wants to launch a campaign for extra visas and a special scheme matching the one in Ukraine, I look forward to hearing details of it.
My wife and I spent a wonderful holiday in Sudan a few years ago, and it was wonderful to see the amazing people there, as well as the rich cultural heritage that Sudan has to offer.
There are many world heritage sites, such as the pyramids of Meroë—there are more pyramids in Sudan than Egypt—ancient cathedrals, and even Lord Kitchener’s boat.
We hear that fighting has spread to some of the world heritage areas.
UNESCO is protecting two world heritage areas, Meroë and Gebel Barkal, under the heritage emergency fund, to which the UK Government contribute, but what further work and money can the UK put in to protect this world heritage, bolster UNESCO and protect these ancient and important aspects of our civilisation?
My hon.
Friend is right about the great heritage and deep links, including heritage links, between Britain and Sudan over many years.
The truth is that we have to do everything we can, holding the pen on Sudan at the United Nations as we do, to achieve this ceasefire and the reopening of political space.
If we can do that, we can focus directly on the points that he makes.