Ahead of round 4, we launched a brand-new expression of interest process, which provides interested applicants with an outcome within minutes.
To support applicants at the fourth stage, we have also updated the prospectus and other guidance on gov.uk.
We want to help as many communities as possible to benefit from the fund, spreading the benefits of levelling up nationwide.
Does the Minister agree that the recent grant of £452,700 to the Owain Glyndŵr hotel in Corwen, in Clwyd South, is a wonderful example of the hugely beneficial impact of the community ownership fund on local communities?
The grant will enable this much-loved hotel to play a central role in the town again, and to benefit from the reopening of Corwen station and the other projects in Corwen arising from my Clwyd South levelling-up fund.
I thank my hon.
Friend for highlighting that exciting project, which seeks to secure the future of the Owain Glyndŵr hotel and develop it into a community social hub showcasing the life and history of the area.
I agree that the project is a great example of what the community ownership fund seeks to do across our United Kingdom.
The fund not only safeguards priceless and much-loved local assets, but supports ambition and builds opportunity in local areas.
I will be visiting north Wales in the very near future and will test my diary to see whether it is possible to swing by and say, “Da iawn.”
The Minister mentioned pubs that have been rescued and secured for the community, but where historic local pubs, which were at one time hubs of the community, have been wrecked by absentee owners and therefore require capital investment, does he envisage the funding being used in that regard as well?
The fund is open to community groups, charities, and town and parish councils.
I cannot promise the hon.
Gentleman that the pub to which he refers would be eligible, but I am more than happy to meet him following this session to get further details.
Mr Speaker, I know you know that there could not possibly be a better project to receive funding from the Government than the Rhondda tunnel, which would connect Blaencwm and Blaengwynfi—I am very happy to dangle all the Ministers down the hole and into the tunnel, if they ever want to come and see it.
I know the Secretary of State knows all about it, because I had two meetings with him about it several years ago.
I have met lots of Ministers who have privately been very supportive and told me to apply for this, that or the other fund, but not a single penny has yet transpired.
An official has recently told Rhondda Cynon Taf County Borough Council that it should make a specific exemption for an application for money.
Is that still a possibility, to ensure that the Rhondda tunnel comes to pass?
I do not think that the community ownership fund is the appropriate fund.
As I have just said to  the hon.
Member for Leyton and Wanstead (John Cryer) , the community ownership fund is open to charities, to community groups and to town and parish councils, but with regard to the hon.
Gentleman’s tunnel project, I would be more than happy to meet him and identify what funding opportunities are available.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of the towns fund on local communities.
As part of their town investment plan, places were required to consult extensively with local communities and to evidence how this feedback shaped their plan.
The impact of the towns fund on local communities is also a crucial part of the towns fund impact evaluation, to be published in early 2026.
One success of the towns fund is the breadth of projects, which in King’s Lynn include Shakespeare’s St George’s guildhall, a new community library and adult skills centre and a school of nursing studies.
Can my hon.