That is proof that we work better together.
Ynys Môn is looking forward to hosting the fourth Islands Forum on 7 and 8 May.
It is an opportunity to showcase our heritage, culture and language.
It is also an opportunity for Ministers to see at first hand how the £17 million from the UK levelling-up fund is transforming Holyhead.
Will the Secretary of State accept my invitation to visit St Cybi’s church, the Ucheldre centre and the Newry beach shelters to see how the UK Government are creating jobs and a brighter future for Holyhead?
And will he sign up to my Aldi to Amlwch campaign?
Diolch.
I am looking forward more than I can say to visiting Ynys Môn.
This is a fantastic example of a brilliant Conservative MP securing funding  for Wales, for the Welsh language, for Welsh jobs and for Welsh investment.
May I say that Anglesey has never flourished in the way it is now flourishing with her as its MP?
I call the SNP spokesperson.
We know that the Tories continually prioritise their banker mates over the rest of the country.
An example of that was in the spring Budget when the Chancellor announced levelling-up funding for Canary Wharf—an area that is home to some of the world’s biggest banks—which will receive more that £16,000 per head in funding commitments compared with Scotland.
With the Leader of the Opposition and his Labour party backing Tory tax and spending plans and U-turning on capping bankers’ bonuses, does the Secretary of State agree that the Labour party offers no real alternative for the people of Scotland?
I just remind everyone that we are on topical questions.
I think SNP press releases have suffered recently as a result of the travails that the chief executive of that party has been suffering, but as SNP press releases go, that has to be one of the weakest I have ever heard in this House.
The Scottish Government are closing VisitScotland centres, they cannot deliver ferries, Scotland is plunging down the educational league tables, and, when it comes to delivering services in Scotland, theatres, community centres and councils are coming to us for cash.
The Scottish Government are a disaster, and all the hon.
Lady can do is repeat the failed talking points—
Order.
Secretary of State, that is completely outrageous, after I had just said that we are on topicals.
Please do not take advantage of your own Members.
It is not fair to them and it is not fair to the rest of the Chamber.
What steps is my right hon.
Friend taking to attract long-term landlords back to small coastal towns?
My hon.
Friend has been a long-standing campaigner for balance within coastal communities.
I know that both she and colleagues from the south-west and elsewhere are very keen to see some of the reforms that the Government are introducing on short-term lets and the changes to the planning system.
In the 2019 Conservative manifesto, the Government made this commitment:
“We will continue with our reforms to leasehold including implementing our ban on the sale of new leasehold homes, restricting ground rents to a peppercorn, and providing necessary mechanisms of redress for tenants.”
That still has not happened, so either they did not believe it then, they had not thought it through, or the Minister has been nobbled by the Prime Minister.
Which one is it?
Our Leasehold and Freehold Reform Bill is making great progress in the House of Lords.
It is being debated today and I look forward to the right hon.
Gentleman supporting it when it comes back here and gets on to the statute book.
I call Mr Richard Bacon—not here.
Given the proximity to the local and general elections, can Ministers give an assurance that the joint election security preparedness unit has all the resources it needs to do the job?
This is a tremendously serious issue.