I know that hon.
and right hon.
Members will understand how important it is that we do not say anything in this place that might prejudice a criminal trial relating to a matter of national security.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps he is taking to reform the private rented sector.
The Renters (Reform) Bill will have its Report stage on  Wednesday 24 April .
The Bill abolishes section 21 evictions, moves the sector to a system of periodic tenancies and introduces a private rented sector property portal and ombudsman, improving the system for responsible tenants and good-faith landlords.
Ministers first promised to end no-fault evictions five years ago.
Since then, 85,000 households have been threatened with no-fault evictions, including a constant stream of residents in Putney.
Does the Minister not agree that that was ample time to implement the necessary improvements and that the delay has caused immense suffering to people in the private rented sector?
I agree with the hon.
Lady that we need to abolish section 21 evictions as soon as possible.
When it comes to the Bill, we published the White Paper in 2022, we published the Bill in 2023 and we are bringing forward the Report stage on Wednesday.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
In 2019, the UK Government announced plans to outlaw no-fault eviction notices.
However, just last week, the housing charity Shelter revealed that almost 1 million  renters in England have been served no-fault eviction notices since that announcement.
While the Government seem to be unable to get the rental reform agenda past their Conservative Back Benchers, the Scottish Parliament banned no-fault evictions back in 2017.
Does the Minister agree that that is yet another example of the Scottish Parliament delivering for the people while Westminster dysfunction only lets them down?
As I said to  the hon.
Member for Putney (Fleur Anderson) , we are abolishing section 21 evictions.
The Bill will return to the House on Wednesday.
What recent estimate he has made of the additional cost to the public purse of councils delivering public services in coastal areas.
Cornwall is one of the most beautiful areas of the country, second only to Dorset. [
Interruption.]
Thank you.
It has the longest county coastline in England and, as such, its council faces unique challenges in delivering services.
The Government are committed to reforming the local government funding landscape in the next Parliament to deliver simpler, fairer and longer settlements.
As part of that process, the Government have previously publicly announced that they are exploring options for specific formulae for flooding and coastal erosion.
We will engage councils about those options as reform progresses.
The Government have already accepted the additional cost of delivering services in rural areas through the rural services delivery grant, but they have not yet accepted those additional costs for coastal areas.
Would the Minister consider establishing a coastal services delivery grant to ensure that coastal regions such as Cornwall, which as he said has the longest—and most beautiful—coastline in the country, get the funding that they need?
Second most beautiful, I remind my hon.
Friend.
He makes an important point, representing as he does his constituents and the wider county of Cornwall, and an interesting suggestion.
Strong points sit behind his argument.
I would be delighted to meet him to discuss that further, but he makes good points and gives me food for thought.
The cost of delivering services in Somerset is rising, with care costs rising by 47% between 2022 and 2023, yet urban councils receive about 38% more Government funding spending power per head than rural councils.
What steps is the Department taking to address that inequality and help rural councils to deliver vital public services?
As the hon.