The targets that are required are the subject of continuous discussion, particularly with the World Food Programme and at the United Nations, and they helped to inform the discussions that took place in Paris last week.
However, the right hon.
Gentleman is right about the dangers of the harvest failing.
The lean season approaches in other parts of Africa too, including Ethiopia.
This is the nature of climate change and sometimes factors like El Niño, and it is extremely worrying.
The effects of the harvest failing and the onset of the lean season are very serious in terms of nutrition and food dependency.
I thank the Minister for his previous engagement regarding a number of my constituents whose family members have been stuck, and affected by the ongoing conflict in Sudan.
May I ask what conversations he has had with his counterparts in Egypt, who, as far as I understand, are still suspending the issue of visas to Sudanese nationals who are holding UK travel documents, with the result that people are stuck in Egypt when they could well be here with their families right now if that were not being held up by the Egyptian authorities?
We have an extremely effective embassy team in Cairo and elsewhere in Egypt, with very close relations across the top of the Egyptian Government and in all parts of it.
If the hon.
Lady wishes to raise any specific cases with me again, I hope that she will do so, and I will certainly take them up for her.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
Last week, on  15 April , I said:
“All trans children and young people deserve access to high-quality and timely healthcare and support.
Around 100 studies have not been included in the Cass report, and we need to know why.
”—[Official Report,  15 April 2024 ; Vol.
748, c. 65.]
I was quoting from Stonewall’s briefing.
There was some fallout from that, so I have spent the weekend in conversation with Stonewall and Dr Cass.
It seems that by quoting from the briefing, I may have inadvertently misled the House.
As you know, Mr Speaker, I have been thrown out of Parliament for calling the then Prime Minister a liar, so it means a lot to me to be able to come back and correct the record, and practise what I preach.
I spent the weekend speaking to Dr Cass, and I am very grateful for her time.
She has made it clear—not just to me, but to the trans and LGBT+ communities in a number of valuable clarifications on the radio and in other media—that all reports were included and that research of both high and moderate quality was considered as part of the evidence review.
Dr Cass has also said that her report is being misrepresented and hijacked—but not by me, Mr Speaker; let me make that clear.
My question to the Secretary of State for Health was about additional funding for children’s mental health services.
The report is being hijacked by anti-trans groups, and that is why it is important that we can be as factual as possible about the research.
I was also concerned about the advice that Dr Cass was given about her safety, and was shocked that some people implied that I was partly responsible for—
Order.
I am really bothered about this—it was meant to be just a quick correction, rather than opening up a debate.
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for being honest and correcting the record; she has absolutely done that, and has made it very clear that she was correcting it.
Other Members wish to speak, so I have to move on.
We cannot open up a debate.
The Clerk is getting very worried.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
Last week, during questions to the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport, my hon.