This Government and Department have presided over a litany of failures.
The Conservative party has pledged to end rough sleeping by the end of this Parliament.
I have to disagree with the hon.
Lady, because rough sleeping numbers are yet again on the up.
Instead of fulfilling their manifesto commitment, the Government have prioritised criminalising the homeless, rather than ending homelessness.
Even many Conservative Back Benchers cannot support that, so when will this Department’s leadership grow a backbone and tell their colleagues in the Home Office to shelve the pernicious plans that exist within the Criminal Justice Bill?
This Government are absolutely committed to ending rough sleeping, which is why we are investing £2.4 billion.
Importantly, £1.2 billion is going into prevention, so that we prevent homelessness before it happens.
I want to address the point about the Criminal Justice Bill.
The Government are clear that no one should be criminalised for having nowhere to live.
The Bill gives powers to the police and local authorities only where behaviour causes damage, distress, harassment or disruption.
Guidance will be issued that makes it clear that outreach and support should be prioritised.
I welcome the fact that the Government are investing £2.4 billion on tackling homelessness and rough sleeping.
Notwithstanding what the Minister just said, does she agree that we need to help people off the streets, not risk criminalising them, as is regrettably proposed in part of the Criminal Justice Bill?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his words welcoming Government expenditure on tackling rough sleeping and homelessness.
The Government are very focused on helping the most vulnerable in our society, who are often rough sleepers.
That is a cross-government effort.
For instance, I work closely with the Department for Education on care leavers and I work closely with the Department of Health and Social Care on those who have addictions.
I reassure my hon.
Friend that no one will be criminalised simply for sleeping rough.
I call the shadow Minister.
As well as trying to criminalise rough sleepers, put them in jail and give them a hefty fine, it is crystal clear that the Government will not meet their target to end rough sleeping by the end of 2024.
Rough sleeping is all too plain to see—as we walk into this place or go to any city or town, we see the tragic consequences of Government policies.
Is it not now time for Ministers to do the right thing: end section 21 no-fault evictions for good—no ifs, no buts; no excuses and narratives about the courts—and build the homes for social rent at the scale the country needs?
If they do not do that, we will.
We are abolishing section 21 and building affordable homes.
Where are affordable homes not being built?
In London.
What steps he is taking to help improve the efficiency of the planning system.
We are taking significant steps to speed up the planning system.
In large infrastructure projects, that is through the nationally significant infrastructure projects action plan and the “Getting Great Britain building again” policy paper.
In relation to the TCPA, we are offering greater clarity through the republication of the national planning policy framework, greater consistency through instructing local councils to ensure that they discharge their responsibilities, and greater capacity through additional support for local councils.
Can I convey the extreme irritation of two parishes in my constituency that have had five locations for a mobile phone mast turned down?
Given that mobile connectivity is now an essential requirement, is it not time that local authorities advised on which technically feasible locations they would be prepared to grant planning permission?
Local people could then say where they were happiest for such projects to go, and we would end this stupid cat-and-mouse game that wastes time and means people do not get the connectivity they need.
My hon.
Friend is right that connectivity is vital in all our communities.