This important issue is very much on our radar, and one that we are working through.
I had meetings about it only a few days ago, and I continue to do so.
Perhaps I could update my right hon.
Friend separately outside the Chamber with further information about our proposed approach.
I call the shadow Minister.
Soaring service charges are placing an intolerable financial strain on leaseholders and those with shared ownership across the country.
Among the main drivers of the eye-watering demands with which many have been served over recent months are staggering rises in buildings insurance premiums and the passing on of significant costs relating to the functioning of the new building safety regime.
Given that many leaseholders are being pushed to the very limits of what they can afford, do the Government now accept that the service charge transparency provisions in the Leasehold and Freehold Reform Bill—and pleading with freeholders to take a temperate approach—are not enough, and that Ministers should explore with urgency what further measures could be included to protect leaseholders better from unreasonable charges and give them more control over their buildings?
The hon.
Gentleman is aware that our substantial reform package sets out clearly and transparently the changes that are being introduced and what people are expected to pay.
It could not be clearer than it is in the legislation, which is one of my reasons for wanting it to proceed as quickly as possible.
When there are issues, we are keen to look at them and, where we can, take action, but the Leasehold and Freehold Reform Bill is designed to improve transparency and reduce problems, and I am sure that it will do that once it has completed its passage here and in the other place.
Whether he has made an estimate of the number of planning authorities that do not have an up-to-date local plan.
At the end of March 2024, 110 local planning authorities—a third of the total—had adopted a local plan in the past five years, while 291 had plans that were more than five years old.
Of those, more than half are making progress towards updating their plans.
The Government have made it clear that authorities should continue to update their plans because that is the best way to deliver development that is in the interests of local communities.
My Liberal Democrat-run local council is one of those without an up-to-date local plan.
In fact, it has now delayed its plan until 2026, which means that places such as Burbage have housing without full protection.
That puts pressure on our GP services, our school places and even our roads.
What more can the Government do to persuade Liberal Democrat-run Hinckley and Bosworth Borough Council to ensure that its plan is established and updated so that my residents have the required protections?
My hon.
Friend has raised this matter in the Chamber before, and it is a great example of why it is so important that Bosworth has this Conservative Member of Parliament to highlight the challenges and failures of the Liberal Democrat council.
Ultimately, the Government will not hesitate to take action against councils that are not fulfilling their obligations.
Indeed, my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State has done so over the past few months, and we will continue to do so, because we expect councils to do their job and put their plans in place.
When Liberal Democrat councils fail to do that, we will call them out.
York has one of the worst housing crises in the country, yet we have not had a local plan to restrain developers for 68 years.
Why has it taken this Tory Government more than 14 years to deliver a local plan for York?
I am relatively clear that the Labour party has been in charge of York for a substantial proportion of the last 14 years.
If the hon.