The resistance committees and the emergency rooms are sometimes the sole source of relief, as famine spreads and medical access runs out for the sick and injured, and they are the undaunted spirit and hope of a Sudan free from the generals and their catastrophic war.
How can we correct the mistakes of the past and back Sudanese civilians directly?
I thank the hon.
Lady very much for the eloquent way in which she has outlined the position in Sudan, and she is absolutely right.
On the subject of the Sudan envoy, let me assure her that there is a very strong and very experienced envoy who covers the horn of Africa, and she focuses particularly on Sudan.
The hon.
Lady eloquently set out the wider effects of Sudan continuing on this path in the region, and I agree with her, and she also made clear the benefits that the emergency rooms, sometimes the only source of relief, are providing.
The hon.
Lady asks about the mistakes that have been made in the past in respect of civilian rule.
Britain has called—I think from across all parts of this House—for a ceasefire so that the generals take their troops back to barracks and the political space has a chance to advance.
She will know that Abdalla Hamdok and Taqaddum, the civil society political grouping, have been working together, supported by Britain, in a conference in Addis Ababa and elsewhere.
We are very committed to trying to work with them, so that there is one sensible but broad political offer for Sudan, as and when the chance of a ceasefire and the political track re-engaging takes place.
I call the Chair of the Intelligence and Security Committee.
Do the Government have any evidence that they can share with this House of the involvement of major foreign powers in what is happening in this terrible conflict in Sudan?
My right hon.
Friend will have seen the open-source reporting of various outlets.
The point the British Government make on all occasions is that any arms supply into Sudan merely prolongs this conflict, and we urge anyone who is thinking of supplying either side or supplying either side to think very carefully and to desist.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
Last week, the Raoul Wallenberg Centre for Human Rights released a detailed report on the genocide in Darfur.
The report describes atrocity crimes—including massacres, sexual   violence, the burning of villages and the destruction of key infrastructure—all targeting Darfurians in the region.
The authors of the report say:
“Just twenty years after the first genocide…the same perpetrators are committing the same atrocities against the same innocent groups, all while evading accountability.”
Can I ask the Minister whether he has read the report, and is his Department planning to meet the Raoul Wallenberg Centre?
What is the Government’s own assessment of the risk of genocide in Darfur, and how are they planning to implement their obligations under the genocide convention?
Finally, has a joint analysis of conflict and stability been carried out on the situation in Sudan, and if not, why not?
If it has, will he share those findings with the House?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to focus on what is happening in Darfur.
He will know that we have funded the Centre for Information Resilience, which investigates attacks on civilians, and is monitoring and keeping records wherever possible, so that—at some point, one day—there can be accountability and no impunity.
He will also be aware that the position in Darfur—he asked me this question specifically—bears all the hallmarks of ethnic cleansing.
I first visited Darfur in 2005, and again in 2006 with the Foreign Secretary.
It has been a significant preoccupation of this House, and rightly so.
The hon.