Friend  the Member for West Ham (Ms Brown)  for securing the urgent question.
The Minister spoke about the limited arms embargo, such as it is.
Is he aware that it is being broken on a grand scale, and that there is a pervasive flow of arms into Sudan?
What is he doing to monitor that, and to try to reduce that flow of arms, which is fuelling the conflict?
On the hon.
Lady’s second point, I have set out the clear message from the British Government about the supply of arms,.
On her first point, she is right that conflicts elsewhere in the world—particularly in Ukraine and Gaza—have to some extent taken attention away from Sudan, and indeed Ethiopia, on which, in Geneva last Tuesday, Britain was leading the effort to raise money to head off a famine.
Part of the benefit of the urgent question is that we can make clear the threat, what is happening in Sudan, and what Britain is doing to try to assist.
Sudanese students at Heriot-Watt University in my constituency were desperately worried about their family members in Sudan when I met them last year at the request of the university chaplain.
Many of their family members needed help fleeing to neighbouring countries, and others have sought family reunification with British citizens  already living here.
What are the Government doing to help British citizens to save the lives of their relatives in Sudan?
The hon.
and learned Lady will know the steps that Britain took a year ago to help those who were seeking to leave, but since then the vast amount of migration has been across the border into Chad and South Sudan, and indeed into Ethiopia.
Britain has contributed £15 million to help those whom I saw near Adré, on the border between Sudan and Chad, at the end of last month.
In respect of South Sudan, where there is a significant and increased programme of humanitarian support, we have directly contributed nearly £8 million.
I recently met the community president and secretary general of the Sudanese Community Association of Greater Manchester.
We discussed the horrific civil war in Sudan and the desperate need to bring about a peaceful and sustainable end to the conflict.
The war may be taking place in Sudan, but it has huge implications for Sudanese communities in Britain, like the one in Manchester.
What support is the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office providing Sudanese communities in Britain, who are trying to support their loved ones who are fleeing from violence to reach a place of safety?
There is very little we can do until those people reach a place of safety.
As I said, many have fled across the border into Chad and South Sudan.
We are actively helping those people in the way that I described.
Sudan is experiencing the worst displacement crisis in the world.
It is not so much a civil war but a war on civilians, who are losing their homes, livelihoods and lives on a scale that is hard to comprehend.
The Sudanese people feel forgotten, so it is vital that both aid and political focus are forthcoming.
Will the Minister work with his Home Office colleagues to support Sudanese people in the asylum system, who are beside themselves with worry about family members?
Will he better facilitate reunion for those UK citizens who have family among the most affected and who are able to leave?
We will do everything we can to assist.
The hon.
Lady will understand the constraints we work within, but I will note what she said.
If she has any specific cases that she wishes to raise, I hope she will do so.
Given the level of death, despair and starvation, we need an immediate ceasefire in Sudan.
Cross-border and cross-line humanitarian aid access is being blocked and impaired by both sides, even though they are, in effect, starving their own people to death.