The Clerk is getting very worried.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
Last week, during questions to the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport, my hon.
Friends the Members for Bristol West (Thangam Debbonaire) and for Slough (Mr Dhesi) raised the issue of ticket touting.
In response, the Minister for Media, Tourism and Creative Industries,  the hon.
Member for Hornchurch and Upminster (Julia Lopez)  made two claims that I believe were inaccurate.
First, the Minister claimed that legislation in the Consumer Rights Act 2015 and the Digital Economy Act 2017 dealt with some of the issues relating to bots in the secondary market.
However, there does not seem to have been a single conviction specifically for bot use, and there is a great deal of evidence that bots are still being used.
Secondly, the Minister claimed that measures to cap resale prices in Ireland had increased “fraudulent activity”.
In fact, there is no evidence whatever that such activity has increased.
Fraud was actually reported to be down 27% in Ireland in the last quarter of 2023, and the Irish Government’s post-enactment report on their Sale of Tickets (Cultural, Entertainment, Recreational and Sporting Events) Act 2021 concludes:
“This is a positive endorsement of the operation of the Act and means that the objectives of the Act are being met whereby genuine fans can attend events at affordable prices.”
I seek your advice, Mr Speaker, on how we might encourage the Minister to correct the record.
I thank the hon.
Member for her point of order, and for notice of it.
It is for Ministers to correct the record if they wish to.
In the meantime, she has certainly put her points on the record for everyone to see.
Presentation and First Reading ( Standing Order No.
57 )
Sarah Olney presented a Bill to require the Secretary of State to apply for an order for special administration in relation to Thames Water; and for connected purposes.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time  Friday 21 June  and to be printed (Bill 204).
Consideration of Lords message
[Relevant documents: Second Report of the Joint Committee on Human Rights, Safety of Rwanda (Asylum and Immigration) Bill, HC 435, and the Government response, HC 647.]
I can confirm that nothing in the Lords message engages Commons financial privilege.
I beg to move, That this House disagrees with Lords amendment 3G.
With this it will be convenient to discuss Lords amendment 10F, and Government motion to disagree.
It appears that I was indeed optimistic last week when I foresaw the end of ping-pong and looked forward to the time when we were not debating this particular piece of legislation.
It is disappointing that we are back here again.
Of course the other place should undertake its role as a revising Chamber, and of course it is entitled to ask the Government to think again, but we did think again, with the House now voting for the third time as part of ping-pong and strongly endorsing this Bill.
We need to bring the process to a conclusion.
The Labour party has voted against our measures to tackle illegal migration 134 times.
One hundred and thirty-four times it has told the British people that it opposes our tougher immigration legislation.
Enough is enough.
The Opposition have delayed this Bill for too long, and we must get on with it.
I am sure that, like me, the Minister will have read the Law Society of England and Wales’s briefing on these amendments.
Has he seen the polling it has reported, which shows that the majority of voters think the Government should either accept some amendments to the Rwanda policy or scrap it altogether?
Only a quarter of the public think the Government should try to get the Bill through in its current form, and all the Lords amendments are supported by the majority of the public.