Local people could then say where they were happiest for such projects to go, and we would end this stupid cat-and-mouse game that wastes time and means people do not get the connectivity they need.
My hon.
Friend is right that connectivity is vital in all our communities.
It is incumbent upon local councils, including his council in Bedfordshire, to ensure that they are providing the greatest clarity possible for that connectivity and that it is put in place.
What steps his Department is taking to help promote interfaith dialogue.
This Government are extremely supportive of efforts to bring together people of different faiths and beliefs.
The faith Minister meets regularly with faith leaders to encourage these efforts, and the Department has funded a range of partners, including Near Neighbours and Strengthening Faith Institutions, to organise local level interfaith dialogue.
I thank the Minister for her answer, but two months ago the Secretary of State announced that he would pull funding from the Inter Faith Network, which is the largest interfaith charity on these islands.
It will close next week, after 40 years.
It is an astonishing decision by the UK Government to close Britain’s main forum for Jewish-Muslim dialogue now.
The Secretary of State could still reverse that very poor decision, but that would have to happen this week.
What are the chances of that?
Let me explain what occurred.
The closure of the Inter Faith Network is a matter for the Inter Faith Network, as an independent charity; it is not a matter for Government.
We have always made it very clear to all charities that receive Government funding  that they need to have sustainable sources of other funding.
In my response to the urgent question about a month ago, I made clear the reasons for the closure.
To repeat, the decision to withdraw the funding was taken because of the appointment of a member of the Muslim Council of Britain as a trustee.
Governments of various different hues have decided that they will not deal with the Muslim Council of Britain.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
SHiFT is an inspirational charity run by a visionary social entrepreneur, Sophie Humphreys.
It works in order to ensure that young people at risk of engaging with the criminal justice system are diverted to better outcomes.
On Thursday, two new SHiFT interventions will open in Middlesbrough and in Redcar and Cleveland, with the support of £3.9 million from my Department.
That is proof that when it comes to intervening early to give young people a better life, it is a Conservative Government and a Conservative Mayor in Tees Valley who are delivering for the most vulnerable.
The levelling-up funding awarded to my constituency three years ago for the upgrade of the B714 has still not been delivered.
However, when I have raised concerns that the funding is insufficient for the upgrade, given inflationary pressures, the Secretary of State for Levelling Up told me to raise the matter with the Department for Transport, which in turn referred me back to the Secretary of State.
Can I have an explanation from the Secretary of State as to how approved projects can proceed as envisaged, even if funding is delivered, when inflation is not factored into the funding?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for making that point.
I can offer her, and also the Member of the Scottish Parliament for North Ayrshire and North Ayrshire Council, a meeting with me, so that we can deliver this project, because I know that she is absolutely committed to ensuring that the levelling-up fund—UK Government money—is spent effectively in her constituency.
That is proof that we work better together.
Ynys Môn is looking forward to hosting the fourth Islands Forum on 7 and 8 May.
It is an opportunity to showcase our heritage, culture and language.