In answer to the hon.
Lady’s question, we make continuous assessment with regard to the adequacy of funding.
In this financial year we have made £64.7 billion available to local government in England, an above-inflation increase for local authorities as their real-terms increase in core spending power is now up to £4.5 billion or 7.5% in cash terms.
That includes the additional measures for local authorities, worth £600 million, that we announced on  25 January , having listened to the views of local government, to her views when she engaged in the consultation and to the views of hon.
and right hon.
Friends across Shropshire.
I thank the Minister for his answer, but we have seen Shropshire Council make £50 million of cuts this year, and we are told that there will be £60 million of cuts next year to avoid a section 144 notice.
Local residents are particularly concerned about the potential closure of recycling centres and a likely increase in fly-tipping across our beautiful countryside.
Does the Minister agree that rural councils are in danger of delivering nothing more than statutory services if things continue?
Will he consider adjusting the way that funding is allocated so that rural councils are given an amount that reflects the cost of delivering services in their area?
The hon.
Lady is right to point to the need to review the formula, which is a commitment for the next Parliament.
She will probably be aware—I hope she is—of the £8.9 million extra that Shropshire Council received this year through the rural services delivery grant in order to deliver those sorts of services.
Do I think rural councils have to reduce to statutory services  alone?
No.
All my engagement with the sector points to a vibrancy and a commitment to innovation, shaping places and improving the lives of people up and down the country, including in Shropshire.
Trevor from the Drighlington memory café—Trevor has been ably supported by our fantastic Morley town mayor—Nicola from the Morley grief group, Dan from WF3 Kindness and Christine from the veterans luncheon club are just some of the amazing volunteers and community groups in my area who give up their time to help local people.
Will the Minister join me in thanking and paying tribute to the unsung heroes in our communities across the country?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
We should never lose an opportunity to trumpet our thanks to people like Trevor, Christine and all our volunteers up and down the country who make such a difference to people’s lives.
They work alongside councils and other bodies to make life better and happier, and to make places more pleasant to live.
I thank them unreservedly.
Funding cuts are adding to the clear pressures on local government around the country.
One such example is developers who come armed with substantial funds and resources to contest their planning applications.
Locally, Warwick District Council had an application just last week that the planning committee was essentially advised to allow because of a fear of not having the financial resources to contest it.
I have written to the Secretary of State about this issue.
Should we be extremely concerned about it nationally?
Each planning authority has a quasi-judicial role to adjudge planning applications against national and local plans, and I have every confidence that planning committees up and down the country do that.
If the hon.
Gentleman wishes to refer to a 7.5% cash-terms increase for local government in this financial year as a cut, that is a very eccentric definition even for a Labour Member.
Ministers are aware that Maldon District Council was allocated £5 million of levelling-up funding.
My right hon.
Friend  the Member for Maldon (Sir John Whittingdale) , the council and I have been informed that the funding must be spent on cultural projects, despite our having a local plan that will see the closure of St Peter’s Hospital.