Friend is right about the great heritage and deep links, including heritage links, between Britain and Sudan over many years.
The truth is that we have to do everything we can, holding the pen on Sudan at the United Nations as we do, to achieve this ceasefire and the reopening of political space.
If we can do that, we can focus directly on the points that he makes.
What discussions has the Minister had with other countries to apply pressure to stop the flow of arms into this conflict, and to try to bring it to an end as soon as possible?
These discussions are taking place in the margins of the United Nations, and at the conference that took place in Paris on Monday last week.
The hon.
Gentleman is right to emphasise that we need to ensure that arms do not fuel the conflict, and that is why Britain urges everyone to ensure there is no further arming of either party.
The arms embargo goes all the way over Darfur, and would be over the whole of Sudan, if the Chinese and Russians were willing to sign up with the rest of us to implementing it.
I call Jim Shannon.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
You have caught me off balance; I was just about to take my diabetic tablets when you called me.
I thank the Minister for his answers to the UQ.
He will be aware that more than 9,000 people have been killed, and nearly 6 million displaced, and Christians are facing persecution.
What support are the Government offering to non-governmental organisations on the ground, such as Church missionaries, who seek to help displaced Christians not only feed children, but provide them with a semblance of an education and, most importantly, hope of a future life?
The hon.
Gentleman will understand the great difficulties in helping directly on the ground; I know the matter is of great interest, both to him and to the Prime Minister’s envoy for freedom of religion or belief, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Congleton (Fiona Bruce) .
We must continue to find every possible way of supporting the important groups that he mentioned.
I draw the Minister’s attention to a report on the BBC website, in case he has not read it, by Zeinab Mohammed Salih, a Sudanese journalist.
She recalls:
“People have told me of ethnically targeted killings and sexual violence.
They remain traumatised, months afterwards.”
The Minister may be aware that months before the war broke out, sexual violence and gender-based violence was being used against women.
In June 2023, it was estimated that there were more than 60,000 survivors of conflict-related sexual violence in Sudan, and we continue to see reports of sexual violence.
What steps are the Government taking to address that really important issue, and to prevent further cases of violence, and of rape being used as a war weapon?
I am afraid that the hon.
Lady is entirely right.
We have read these reports and many others with horror.
That is one of the reasons why we are supporting the Centre for Information Resilience, so that we can do everything we can to deter there being any question of impunity, but it is extraordinarily difficult.
As she rightly said, what is happening in Darfur bears all the hallmarks of ethnic cleansing.
The attention paid to the conflict in Sudan does not reflect the enormity of the suffering there, with millions displaced and facing famine, violence and insecurity.
As chair of the all-party parliamentary group for Africa, I thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for West Ham (Ms Brown)  for securing the urgent question.
The Minister spoke about the limited arms embargo, such as it is.
Is he aware that it is being broken on a grand scale, and that there is a pervasive flow of arms into Sudan?