I call Mr Richard Bacon—not here.
Given the proximity to the local and general elections, can Ministers give an assurance that the joint election security preparedness unit has all the resources it needs to do the job?
This is a tremendously serious issue.
My Department and other Government Departments, led by the Security Minister in the Home Office, are spending a huge amount of time, effort and resource in ensuring the safety of candidates; the safety, security and robustness of the process; and that all those who wish to take part in our democratic functions, in whichever fora they happen to manifest themselves, can do so safely and securely.
That is a very firm commitment.
The hon.
Member will know that we are dealing with that as a serious matter.
In constituencies such as Aldridge-Brownhills, our green belt is precious; and once it has gone, it has gone forever.
But in the west midlands, thanks to the leadership and vision of Mayor Andy Street and his “brownfield first” approach, we have seen 16,000 new homes built, and thousands of new jobs on brownfield land.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that that clearly demonstrates that we can build the new homes we need and protect the green belt, and that it is Andy Street who is setting the pace and leading the way in the west midlands?
That is spot on.
It is Andy Street and Conservative councils in Walsall, Dudley and Solihull that are delivering houses and protecting the green belt.
That is better for economic growth, better for the environment, and better than bankrupt Labour Birmingham.
Over 1,000 families in Luton South are stuck in temporary accommodation, with wait times ranging from three  to nine months for a one-bed property to eight to nine years for a three-bed.
Across the country there has been a staggering 119% increase in temporary accommodation numbers since 2019.
Does the Minister agree that that is just a direct cost of 14 years of Conservative failure on housing?
The Government are very focused on temporary accommodation.
That is why we are investing £2.4 billion, of which £1.2 billion is specifically for the homelessness prevention grant.
In the last Budget, we increased the local housing allowance rate to the 30th percentile.
That is worth £1.2 billion.
We have also increased the local authority housing fund.
Please can my right hon.
Friend set out what the Government are doing to ensure that more young people can live in their own home as early as possible in their adult lives, and specifically whether greater consideration can be given  to mechanisms that result in only one affordable payment being made a month, rather than one mortgage payment and one rental payment?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
We need to look to reform both the mortgage market and our planning system.
We will bring forward further steps on both in the coming weeks.
In communities such as Kendal, Appleby, Allithwaite and Milnthorpe, developers have used viability assessments to renege on building desperately needed and genuinely affordable homes, so will the Government give planning authorities the power to declare null and void any planning permission where the developer cannot or will not deliver the affordable homes that they had promised?
I know how important it is to deliver affordable homes in the Lake district, in the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency.
We will take a close look at the examples he cites, to ensure that we are not killing the geese that lay the golden eggs.
Tourism is vital to Bournemouth’s economy, and half our visitors come by car.
A few choose to park on double yellow lines for the day, as the parking penalty is only £35, unlike here in London where it is £65, increasing to £130 if not paid promptly.