We will take a close look at the examples he cites, to ensure that we are not killing the geese that lay the golden eggs.
Tourism is vital to Bournemouth’s economy, and half our visitors come by car.
A few choose to park on double yellow lines for the day, as the parking penalty is only £35, unlike here in London where it is £65, increasing to £130 if not paid promptly.
Does the Secretary of State agree that it would be immensely helpful, and would ensure that emergency vehicle access is not blocked, were Bournemouth allowed to operate the same penalties as we have in London?
My right hon.
Friend is right: antisocial parking is a blight outside London, and we need to review extending the powers that are currently exercised in London to other parts of the country.
Time and again, leasehold owners come to me with unfair bills for service charges.
They are inflated, and they are even for undelivered services.
When I get involved, they are often dropped by a third instantly.
What will the Government do to ensure that developers are not trying to rip off homeowners, and instead get bills right the first time?
Fair point.
Frank Dobson said that he was going to reform the leasehold system in 1995.
We are doing it now.
The Leasehold and Freehold Reform Bill, which the Minister for Housing, Planning and Building Safety, my hon.
Friend  the Member for North East Derbyshire (Lee Rowley) , is piloting, will bring relief to leaseholders.
A raft of Labour councillors in Kirklees have resigned from their party, with one of them describing their leadership as a “toxic swamp,” so it will come as no surprise to my right hon.
Friend that the local Conservative campaign to split Kirklees and get better leadership and accountability is really gathering momentum.
Does he agree that leadership needs to be locally driven, and that the best way to achieve that is to vote for more Conservative councillors on  2 May —
Order.
This is not fair.
Just tell me which questions you don’t want, and it will make my job easier.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right: we need change in Kirklees.
The best way in which people can demonstrate their desire for change and the reconfiguration of Kirklees is by voting Conservative on  2 May .
Today is Earth Day.
The Government introduced the zero carbon homes standard and the code for sustainable homes and then scrapped them.
The future homes standard now has centralised support, but local authorities such as Leeds want to go above planning policy to reach higher standards.
Why will the Secretary of State not allow Leeds to build even better zero carbon homes?
We have a good relationship with Leeds City Council, and indeed with its leader and chief executive, so let me investigate.
Ben Houchen has done a remarkable job of saving our airport, overseeing the redevelopment of Teesworks, and securing new jobs.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that, given Ben’s record of delivering and the promise of more, voters should back him on  2 May ?
That is an easy one.
It is an easy one!
You are right, Mr Speaker: everyone should back Ben Houchen—
Let me help: it is an easy one for you to answer.
Now let us move on.
I thank the Under-Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities,  the hon.
Member for North Dorset (Simon Hoare) , for his reply to my letter of  21 March .
He said that a short paper on the topic of the Union was prepared by officials and presented to the UK Government in July 2020.
However, a media report at the time suggested that an employee of Hanbury Strategy had provided data and helped to prepare that paper for the Cabinet.