They are fearful that they are being charged for surveys for fire remediation work, which is the responsibility of the developer and not the people who live in the flats and who are not the cause of those problems.
What will the Government do for people in Master Gunner Place or Grove Place in my constituency, where people are asking questions but not getting answers on why they are paying these excessive charges?
In one case, there was a 107% increase in the service charge.
The Government are making all the right noises, but I do not see much result at the sharp end for my constituents.
I totally agree with the hon.
Gentleman that it is absolutely vital there is transparency in how, when and why leaseholders are being charged.
That is why we have done one thing and been doing another thing in the past few weeks alone.
Last week, on the new building safety approach for high-rise buildings, we were very clear in a joint letter about highlighting the importance of temperate remuneration and cost.
Secondly, we need to continue to bring forward the reforms in the Leasehold and Freehold Reform Bill, which will see a transformation in transparency on service charges.
The Government brought that Bill forward and it will come through as soon as the other place has concluded its observations.
The Minister has done good work in protecting leaseholders and renters from remediation costs above 11 metres.
As a leaseholder myself, I am a bit baffled as to why people are not protected when fire remediation measures are necessary below 11 metres.
I would be grateful if he could explain the Government’s reasoning.
When the Building Safety Act 2022, which put in place the differentiation, was going through, we were very clear and asked colleagues, on the Floor of the House, for any examples of where there were potential issues below 11 metres.
If my right hon.
Friend or any other Member has an issue, I would be very keen to hear from them.
The reality is that, over the past two  years nearly, we have received only 160 potential issues.
Of those, we can count on one hand where there has been a problem.
We are working with each of those three buildings to make the progress we need to make.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
The Select Committee welcomed the more than £2 billion provided through the building safety fund to private leaseholders with regard to remediation due to fire safety works.
On the other hand, social housing providers received only £200 million, which is about 10% of the amount going to private leaseholders.
How can it possibly be fair that in a block of flats a private leaseholder gets their remediation costs paid, but in the same flat next door a social housing tenant has to pay for the total cost out of their rent?
That simply is not fair.
Ministers have accepted the unfairness in the past.
When will they do something about it?
As my constituency neighbour recognises, there is, rightly, a substantial amount of taxpayer subsidy for remediation.
We are trying to ensure that that taxpayer subsidy is then clawed back from those responsible for the problems in the first place.
Where there are challenges and issues with registered providers, we are very happy to talk to them.
We have done that and we have made changes where necessary.
Following a fire last summer, timber and unplasticized polyvinyl chloride cladding on 586 homes in the borough of Barnet was identified as needing remediation.
A number of those homes are in my constituency.
Homeowners are facing bills of £23,000.
Will the Government help them with those bills?
This important issue is very much on our radar, and one that we are working through.
I had meetings about it only a few days ago, and I continue to do so.
Perhaps I could update my right hon.