That is one of the reasons why Britain has increased so substantially its bilateral aid, and why my noble Friend Lord Benyon went to the Paris meeting on Monday last week to make sure that others, too, put their money where their mouth is and supported the desperate situation she described.
This morning I had the pleasure to meet some brilliant organisations working  on behalf of people in Sudan who are desperate to be reunited with family here in the UK.
They want answers to two questions.
First, given the circumstances people are having to live in, why is it taking over a year for many applications to be decided?
Secondly, why do the Government demand that these people make dangerous and illegal cross-border journeys before they will even consider their applications, because they have to enrol biometric information?
That seems completely counterintuitive.
Will the right hon.
Gentleman give the Home Office a polite kick up the backside and urge a change in approach?
If the hon.
Gentleman would like to give me details of any specific cases, I will of course make sure they are looked into.
What steps are the Government able to take to stem the flow of resources—not only weapons, but fuel—to the RSF across the border from Libya?
Are the Government monitoring the potential for onwards flow to Sudan as a result of continuing Russian supply of arms within Libya?
We urge all parties not to supply weapons to the belligerents in Sudan.
It will merely extend and continue the appalling situation that exists there.
That is why Britain is so clear that we should seek to starve this conflict of any additional weaponry.
The Opposition welcome the Government’s atrocity monitoring and prevention work in Sudan, even though it is belated.
It is important to join up that work with our diplomatic efforts in support of talks in Jeddah next month that are inclusive and effective.
Is there a strategy to use targeted pressure to help isolate those responsible for atrocities and bring them to justice, and to bring both warring parties to the table?
In respect of targeted pressure, the hon.
Lady will have seen the recent announcements about sanctions against both the RSF and the SAF, and the earlier steps that were taken.
She is right to focus on Jeddah 3, which looks to be the best bet at the moment for progress.
Britain is giving very strong support to that process.
On Monday, the Government announced three sanctions against businesses supplying the SAF and the RSF.
What assessment has   the Deputy Foreign Secretary made of how effective they will be in the greater scheme of all the arms that are being supplied to those two warring factions?
The hon.
Lady is right to focus on the sanctions.
Although we do not talk about future plans on sanctions across the Floor of the House, the way these things work is that when we see that sanctions are not working as well as we had hoped, we will always seek to reinforce them.
That is the nature of imposing sanctions, as we have seen in other areas.
We will do everything we can, through the sanctions regime, to advance the objective that she and I share.
The Minister referred to the problem of food security.
It does seem very likely that the planting season will be disrupted again this year.
What are the implications for food security in Sudan and South Sudan this autumn and into next year?
Has a target been set for the amount of international aid to be gathered to deal with that looming crisis?
The targets that are required are the subject of continuous discussion, particularly with the World Food Programme and at the United Nations, and they helped to inform the discussions that took place in Paris last week.
However, the right hon.
Gentleman is right about the dangers of the harvest failing.