Administrator of National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration to develop a standard methodology for identifying the country of origin of red snapper imported into the United States, S. 3943, to require a plan to improve the cybersecurity and telecommunications of the U.S. Academic Research Fleet, S. 3959, to require the Transportation Security Administration to streamline the enrollment processes for individuals applying for a Transportation Security Administration security threat assessment for certain programs, including the Transportation Worker Identification Credential and Hazardous Materials Endorsement Threat Assessment programs of the Administration, S. 4107, to require Amtrak to report to Congress information on Amtrak compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 with respect to trains and stations, S. 4178, to establish artificial intelligence standards, metrics, and evaluation tools, to support artificial intelligence research, development, and capacity building activities, to promote innovation in the artificial intelligence industry by ensuring companies of all sizes can succeed and thrive, S. 4212, to amend the Visit America Act to promote music tourism, S. 4343, to establish and maintain a coordinated program within the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration that improves wildfire, fire weather, fire risk, and smoke related forecasting, detection, modeling, observations, and service delivery, and to address growing needs in the wildland-urban interface, S. 4394, to support National Science Foundation education and professional development relating to artificial intelligence, S. 4487, to require the Secretary of Commerce to develop artificial intelligence training resources and toolkits for United States small businesses, S. 4569, to require covered platforms to remove nonconsensual intimate visual depictions, S. 4579, to reauthorize the Northwest Straits Marine Conservation Initiative Act to promote the protection of the resources of the Northwest Straits, S. 4596, to require the Secretary of Commerce to conduct a public awareness and education campaign to provide information regarding the benefits of, risks relating to, and the prevalence of artificial intelligence in the daily lives of individuals in the United States, an original bill entitled, ``Validation and Evaluation for Trustworthy Artificial Intelligence Act'', the nomination of Chad M. Cary, of Alaska, to be Director of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, Department of Commerce, and routine lists in the Coast Guard. SR-253 Committee on Energy and Natural Resources Business meeting to consider S. 4753, to reform leasing, permitting, and judicial review for certain energy and minerals projects, and the nomination of Shannon A. Estenoz, of Florida, to be Deputy Secretary of the Interior. SD-366 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Business meeting to consider S. 4776, to amend the Older Americans Act of 1965 to authorize appropriations for fiscal years 2025 through 2029, S. 4762, to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize programs and research