MEETINGS SCHEDULED JULY 31 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine long-term economic benefits and impacts from Federal infrastructure and public transportation investment. SD-538 Committee on the Budget To hold hearings to examine the future of electric vehicles. SD-608 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Business meeting to consider S. 275, to require the Federal Communications Commission to establish a vetting process for prospective applicants for high- cost universal service program funding, S. 690, to direct the Federal Communications Commission to evaluate and consider the impact of the telecommunications network equipment supply chain on the deployment of universal service, S. 1008, to require the Consumer Product Safety Commission to promulgate a consumer product safety standard with respect to rechargeable lithium-ion batteries used in micromobility devices, S. 1570, to amend the Bottles and Breastfeeding Equipment Screening Act to require hygienic handling of breast milk and baby formula by security screening personnel of the Transportation Security Administration and personnel of private security companies providing security screening, S. 1956, to improve the commercialization of Federal research by domestic manufacturers, S. 2086, to require the Secretary of Commerce to establish the Sea Turtle Rescue Assistance Grant Program, S. 2233, to ban the sale of products with a high concentration of sodium nitrite to individuals, S. 2238, to direct the Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Communications and Information to develop a National Strategy to Close the Digital Divide, S. 2498, to prohibit unfair and deceptive advertising of prices for hotel rooms and other places of short-term lodging, S. 2645, to reduce the health risks of heat by establishing the National Integrated Heat Health Information System within the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and the National Integrated Heat Health Information System Interagency Committee to improve extreme heat preparedness, planning, and response, requiring a study, and establishing financial assistance programs to address heat effects, S. 2714, to establish the National Artificial Intelligence Research Resource, S. 3162, to improve the requirement for the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology to establish testbeds to support the development and testing of trustworthy artificial intelligence systems and to improve interagency coordination in development of such testbeds, S. 3277, to amend the Marine Debris Act to reauthorize the Marine Debris Program of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, S. 3312, to provide a framework for artificial intelligence innovation and accountability, S. 3348, to amend the Harmful Algal Blooms and Hypoxia Research and Control Act of 1998 to address harmful algal blooms, S. 3475, to amend title 49, United States Code, to allow the Secretary of Transportation to designate an authorized operator of the commercial driver's license information system, S. 3606, to reauthorize the Earthquake Hazards Reduction Act of 1977, S. 3781, to amend the National Telecommunications and Information Administration Organization Act to codify the Institute for Telecommunication Sciences, to direct the Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Communications and Information to establish an initiative to support the development of emergency communication and tracking technologies, S. 3788, to reauthorize the National Landslide Preparedness Act, S. 3849, to promote United States leadership in technical standards by directing the National Institute of Standards and Technology and the Department of State to take certain actions to encourage and enable United States participation in developing standards and specifications for artificial intelligence and other critical and emerging technologies, S. 3879, to require the Under Secretary