What is the anticipated in-service date for the 12 F-35As?
Will they already be nuclear certified, or will that occur after delivery?
We note that the 12 F-35As will be ordered instead of 12 F-35Bs, but will the Government still order the remaining F-35Bs  as planned?
How will the F-35As be air-to-air refuelled, given that the current RAF refuelling capability is probe and drogue?
On operational sovereignty, we are fully committed to our strong military partnership with the United States, but given that the announcement is about diversity of delivery, has the Department given any thought to additional tactical options for which we have greater industrial input, such as Storm Shadow and Typhoon?
Ironically, it was Lord Robertson, as Defence Secretary in 1998, who removed our last air-launched nuclear capabilities.
It is noteworthy that, as one of the authors of the SDR, he said to the Select Committee recently that the authors were
“not terribly enthusiastic about it.”
That is before we get to the fact that the Deputy Prime Minister and the Foreign Secretary voted against the renewal of Trident.
On this side of the House, we wholeheartedly back our nuclear deterrent.
Does this situation not show why we need a robust plan to get to 3% on defence in this Parliament, rather than Labour’s smoke-and-mirrors and lack of a fully funded plan to properly increase defence spending in this Parliament?
On the in-service date, as the Secretary of State said this morning, we are hopeful that the aircraft will start delivering before the end of the decade.
On the tranche being ordered that will now include 12 F-35As, yes, we will still be ordering the remaining F-35Bs, so there will be 15 extra F-35Bs in the next tranche.
On refuelling, this is a NATO mission, and NATO will of course be able to do the air-to-air refuelling.
It is quite normal for different allies to contribute their different capabilities, whether nuclear capable or conventional, to NATO’s nuclear mission.
I welcome the announcement and, on behalf of the Defence Committee, I welcome the additional detail that has been added to the SDR.
It is imperative that we recognise and close some of the gaps in our national defence, including the size and shape of our combat air force, and this announcement does part of that.
But 14 years of under-investment mean that some of the choices about basing and complementary capabilities will bring some challenges; will the Minister provide additional detail on how some of them may be addressed?
I am pleased that my hon.
Friend is supportive of the announcement.
As the House is aware, this Government have increased our defence spending by more than at any time since the end of the cold war.
The increase is fully funded, unlike some of the fantasy plans of the previous Government.
It is 2.4%—less than we spent.
We have shown how we will increase spending to 2.6% of GDP by 2027.
That is fully funded, and we have made clear how we will get to 3% in the next Parliament, as conditions allow.
The announcement was made today at NATO of a 5% target; all allies will focus on providing that funding in due course.
Over the next 10 years, NATO will check every year, as it always does, whether its requirements are being met, and we fully expect to be able to meet them.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
It is clear that we have entered a new and uncertain era.
Putin’s imperialism represents a once-in-a-generation threat to our security.
We must maintain the effectiveness of the UK’s independent nuclear deterrent to stop Putin or anyone else launching a nuclear attack.
It remains the ultimate guarantor of Britain’s security.
We support more investment in our defence capability, but we need more detail on the proposed use cases for the F-35As, and on their relation to our existing strong deterrent through Trident.