I welcome the Minister’s leadership on this.
It is a fantastic sign that we are absolutely committed to NATO, and it is also a fantastic advertisement for our young people who are looking for a great career.
They need look no further than the RAF.
Much of the discussion has focused on the nuclear capabilities of this aircraft, but can she confirm that it could have a much wider role and be put to much greater use?
My hon.
Friend is correct.
This is a dual-capability aircraft, which will not only be used to fly NATO nuclear missions but be available to do training and all the other things that our fantastic pilots in the RAF do.
I feel like a lone voice, but in an increasingly unstable world I personally find it quite harrowing that the British Air Force might be flying planes that can drop nuclear bombs and where that might lead.
Can the Minister tell us whether, under this agreement, tactical nuclear weapons will be stored on UK soil; and if so, what safety and security measures the Government will be undertaking for their storage?
I am not sure I quite understood that question, Mr Speaker.
What I can say, though, is that we do not normally confirm or deny where nuclear weapons might be stored.
It is not something that we have  ever done.
I think that is what the hon.
Member was asking, but I am not absolutely sure.
I would be happy to speak to her afterwards if I have got that question wrong.
Have any alternative platforms been considered for the potential delivery of a tactical nuclear weapon?
In particular, have the Government looked at the Astute class attack submarine as an alternative or additional platform, or at its successor, the SSN-AUKUS?
We are not seeking to widen our range of nuclear capability.
We are joining the NATO nuclear mission and contributing to that.
As I said earlier, this is not some kind of stepping stone to acquiring tactical nuclear weapons.
Our nuclear deterrent is our submarine-operated continuous at-sea deterrent—CASD—and that is how it will continue.
The prospect of UK fighter jets carrying Donald Trump’s nuclear bombs cannot be anybody’s vision of security.
This decision flies in the face of our obligations under the non-proliferation treaty.
It ties us further into a US military that cannot even keep its own classified intelligence secure.
It ties us further to a Trump Administration who are the very definition of a loose cannon.
Given the inescapable truth that nuclear weapons make the world more dangerous, and that normalising tactical weapons is incredibly reckless, how can the Minister possibly justify this decision?
First, what I have announced today is compliant with the non-proliferation treaty—
The letter, not the spirit!
It is compliant with the non-proliferation treaty.
The NATO nuclear mission has as a governance the NATO nuclear planning group of 31 allies—everybody gets a say—so it is not a question of it being Donald Trump or any other US President’s nuclear bomb.
This is a NATO mission to defend Europe and to do what NATO was set up to do: deter another war.
On  6 January , I raised with the Minister in this Chamber the fact that refurbishing Typhoons will not touch the sides of maintaining the 6,000-strong workforce at Warton, in my constituency, and that relying on export orders that have not been secured will not keep the workforce in work for now, before the GCAP comes online.
When I asked the Minister whether she would give a delayed Christmas present of an order for 25 Typhoons, she replied:
“It might not be a Christmas present—I do not know when his birthday is—but a present some time later.
”—[Official Report,  6 January 2025 ; Vol.
759, c. 586.]