I thank the Chair of the Transport Committee for her speech.
She asked me a number of questions about when we will publish the outcome delivery plan.
This will be done by all Departments, co-ordinated through the Cabinet Office, later this year.
She asked about subsidiarity, and what happens if mayors do not use the money and new powers we have given them on the things that we want to do, citing active travel as an example.
Even with subsidiarity, mayors have to deliver against Government outcomes and objectives, and we hope to work with them in a spirit of co-operation to ensure that that is done right.
My hon.
Friend asked what our bus reform and £1 billion investment was meant to achieve.
We introduced the new £3 fare cap on single bus fares in England outside London, which has had the cap for a long time, ensuring that millions of people have access to affordable fares and better opportunities to both go to college and work and to see friends and family.
With UK SHORE, we have moved fast with the decarbonisation plan, and the research and development funding for this will continue.
We have worked internationally with the International Maritime Organisation to reduce greenhouse gas emissions across our planet.
We have also announced £185 million through safer roads funds to invest in the 99 most risky A roads, and we have made clear commitments on rail cost base and subsidy.
The right hon.
Member for Aldridge-Brownhills (Wendy Morton) , the former Rail Minister, is a doughty champion for Aldridge station—well done to her for that.
The money was reallocated by the current mayor to cover the costs of schemes implemented by the former mayor that did not have the funding.
She also talked about buses; I have already mentioned the £1 billion that we have invested in better buses.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Bradford East (Imran Hussain) , who cannot be in his seat at the moment, is an astonishing champion for Bradford.
May I pay tribute to him and to Councillor Susan Hinchcliffe, the leader of Bradford city council, for their work in this area?
The £2.1 billion train line and bus station investment is transformative.
Some £35 million of Government money will see an additional five daily services to London, and we will be making announcements in the next few weeks regarding Northern Powerhouse Rail and how important it is to connect the cities of Leeds, Bradford, Manchester and Liverpool.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps his Department is taking to improve the distribution of high-speed internet provision.
The Secretary of State is in Singapore celebrating 60 years of diplomacy between our countries and drumming up investment, so I am afraid you have the deputies today, Mr Speaker.
Access to high-speed internet is essential and we are determined to take everyone with us into the digital age.
I am glad that 98% of people now have access to superfast speeds and 88% have gigabit.
Our latest type C contract with Openreach is adding connections every single day.
Project Gigabit’s stated aim is to ensure that no one is left behind, but that is not true for the residents of Mulberry Close on my home estate in Eastbourne, who have not been connected to full fibre despite bearing the brunt of invasive works on their doorstep.
Will the Minister meet me, residents of Mulberry Close and local internet providers to ensure that those residents are connected and not left behind?
Funnily enough, the statistics in the hon.
Member’s constituency are better than the national average—just very slightly, by a smidgen—but I am very happy to meet him.
More importantly, he could come into the Department and meet Building Digital UK so that we can explain exactly what needs to happen in his constituency to secure the aims that he is seeking.
What steps his Department is taking to keep children safe online.