If so, why has the Ministry of Defence elected to take that option, rather than having full national sovereignty?
We have a fully sovereign national nuclear capability—a continuous at-sea deterrent—that is dedicated totally to NATO and to protecting the European homeland.
The current decision is about joining the NATO nuclear mission.
Any deployment under that mission requires the agreement of the NATO nuclear planning group of 31 allies, who act as a senior body on nuclear matters in the alliance.
Under that governance arrangement, the UK will always retain the right to decide whether or not to participate.
May I say how much I welcome this announcement, and the extra capability that it will bring?
Will the Minister outline how this decision will support jobs across the UK, particularly for those in my constituency of North East Derbyshire who work in defence?
The procurement of the F-35As and the next tranche of F-35Bs will support 20,000 jobs across the UK, with over 100 UK-based suppliers contributing to the F-35 programme.
That demonstrates yet again that defence can be an engine for growth, because these are good jobs across all parts of the nations and regions of the UK, including in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
I fully welcome the announcement, and I thank the Minister for making the statement.
In an age of uncertainty about the reliability of our US ally, it seems an odd choice to be leaning into them, in the sense that we will be dropping dual-key, US-made munitions from these planes.
It makes more sense if this is a stepping stone to a fully sovereign UK capability, but that would raise questions about the nuclear non-proliferation treaty.
Will the Minister comment on whether this is a stepping stone to a fully sovereign UK capability?
It is not such a step.
We are joining the NATO nuclear mission.
We have just published a strategic defence review that sets out that our defence posture is “NATO first”.
We are trying to support our allies in NATO in deterring any threat that might come from possible adversaries; that is what this is about.
It is not a stepping stone to anything else.
I also welcome this announcement of increased capability—the F-35As that will be brought to the defence of this country.
This announcement, which is in line with the strategic defence review, shows that this country is once again serious about defence.
What response have we had from our NATO allies to our joining NATO’s nuclear mission?
I welcome my hon.
Friend’s support.
We have had strong support from our allies in NATO.
In my reply to  the hon.
Member for South Suffolk (James Cartlidge) , I read out the response of the Secretary-General, who was full of praise.
The Minister is well aware of my interest in the F-35 programme.
Lockheed Martin manufactures around 150 jets a year, and there are nearly 600 on order by everyone from Switzerland to Singapore.
On top of that, there are 1,200 still to be delivered to the US air force, so whereabouts are we in the queue?
She mentioned that we would expect the first deliveries before the end of decade, but are we cutting to the front of the line?
Given that the orders from some allies are not due to be fulfilled until 2032, will delivery of all 12 planes be completed within a decade?
On refuelling, will she clarify that we have no sovereign air-to-air refuelling capability outside of a NATO mission?
I know that the hon.
Gentleman has a very close interest in these matters because I have to answer all his parliamentary questions, and I welcome that interest.
As the Secretary of State said this morning, we hope that we can start receiving delivery of these planes before the end of the decade.
The hon.