Labour has invited proposals from cities to expand their boundaries, and the Mayor of Leicester wants to expand the city to swallow up areas like Oadby, Wigston and Great Glen, but local people do not want that, and thousands have signed our petition against it.
It is not just about the higher council tax; they want to keep their own local identity.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister rule out this totally unwelcome city takeover?
If she does want to press ahead with it, will she at least give us a say in a local referendum, so that we can tell her again that we do not want this?
Well, what the Conservatives were told at the general election was, “We don’t want you.” [
Interruption.]
All right, I meant “them”: the hon.
Gentleman’s Government.
He might have slipped through!
The one thing that I will say is that the hon.
Member has said about his own Government, “There’s a lot of things we should have done that we didn’t do.”
To be honest, I could not agree more—and we are getting on and doing it.
In Armed Forces Week, will the Deputy Prime Minister join me in paying tribute to my former colleagues at RAF Brize Norton?
I know she will share my horror that some on the Opposition Benches responded to the appalling attack on that base not by recognising the consequences of 14 years of Conservative under-investment in our defence, but by personally smearing one of our brave members of the Royal Air Force.
Does she agree with me and my hon.
and gallant Friend  the Member for North East Derbyshire (Louise Jones)  that this Labour Government will always support our armed forces, and that those shameful comments by the deputy leader of Reform,  the hon.
Member for Boston and Skegness (Richard Tice) , bring disgrace upon him and his party?
My hon.
and gallant Friend speaks with great authenticity and authority on this matter.
The attack on RAF Brize Norton was disgraceful, but what was even more disgraceful was Reform blaming the commanding officer—an accomplished woman who has served her country—rather than the criminals who were responsible.
That is not leadership, but we should not expect anything better from the party of the Putin apologists.
London boroughs are collectively facing a funding shortfall of at least £500 million for the current financial year.
Despite that, the money allocated to local authorities in London by the Government’s spending review fell 35% short of the amount requested by London councils.
Under the Government’s planned changes to local authority funding, the two councils in my constituency—Richmond and Kingston—are set to lose out even more, while the cost of funding local services continues to rise.
Is it the Government’s policy that London residents should continue to receive ever-increasing council tax bills, while their local authorities have less and less money to spend?
We are fixing the foundations of local government after the 14 years of austerity that were inflicted on local government, with the aiding and abetting of the hon.
Lady’s party.
We have put record funding into local government, with multi-year settlements: we are helping local government, where the last Government ruined it.
Digital black spots—areas without good mobile broadband connectivity—are holding communities back.
In Middleton, an area that my right hon.
Friend knows well as a fellow Greater Manchester MP, many local businesses and people remain cut off from the economic growth of the wider city region due to the lack of a mobile signal.
How can we ensure that this Government’s mission to capitalise on the promise of technology is felt in all parts of the country, including Middleton?
I have experienced digital black spots as well, so I understand my hon.
Friend’s frustration.