”—[Official Report,  26 February 2025 ; Vol.
762, c. 405WH.]
Why is she more concerned about protecting herself and the Government than about protecting children?
It was the hon.
Gentleman’s party that dragged its feet in bringing forward the legislation and that watered it down.
We are busy trying to implement the Act as it was set out in the guidance.
While the Act is not perfect, we will see a huge step change.
Where there are issues and gaps, we are not afraid to act.
It was my party that passed the Online Safety Act; it is the Minister’s party that is failing our children.
Ian Russell, who set up the Molly Rose Foundation following the tragic death of his daughter, says that Britain is now “going backwards” when it comes to protecting our children online.
The Government are being timid when they should be bold.
Their priorities are wrong, and legal caution is trumping children’s safety.
Why is the Minister still defending this Government’s track record of total failure?
I thank the shadow Secretary of State for his question.
The implementation is happening as set out and against the timeframe that was set out.
As I said, we are not only busy implementing the Act, but looking at all the gaps that exist in it because Ministers in his Government watered down the Bill as it went through the House.
We will review those gaps in the legislation and come forward with extra measures where they are needed.
What steps he is taking to improve rural mobile coverage.
Rural mobile coverage just is not good enough, which is why we have committed all the money needed to complete the shared rural network, with new masts coming online every month.
I can also announce that Ofcom’s new coverage checker will come online tomorrow, and I urge every single Member to check their constituency then.
I thank the Minister for his answer.
I was going to say that having looked at the villages in my constituency on the mobile map, which was supposed to be updated this month, it is not up to date; it is good to hear that it will be.
Many of my constituents have to rely on the 3G network, which is being shut off.
We may be years away from getting high-speed broadband across the South Hams, so having access to a reliable 4G network is crucial.
Can the Minister tell me exactly how he is working with mobile phone providers to ensure that everyone has access to mobile voice and data coverage?
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right.
The new checker comes online tomorrow—I know that many hon.
Members will have looked at the checker in the past and thought, “That simply doesn’t bear any relationship to my lived experience.”
From tomorrow, it will.
The new  checker is much better; Members will be able to see different numbers for all the mobile operators, which I think will encourage the operators to put up more masts and improve their coverage.
I know that the hon.
Lady has talked about the village of Staverton in her constituency, which has a population of 717 people—the Sea Trout, I think, is the pub.
It even has a telephone booth in it, although I am not sure whether it is still working.
I have this horrible fear: I do not want to leave the hon.
Lady, like Blondie, hanging on the telephone.
In my constituency—one of the most rural parts of the UK—whole areas are without mobile phone coverage.
People are forced to cope with unreliable phone lines and, most worryingly, are sometimes unable to call 999.
Can the Minister assure me that after the withdrawal of the public switched telephone network, no one will be left without access to a phone simply because there is no mobile signal once their landline is switched off?