The  Government’s expansion of funded childcare from September is welcome, but early years settings face a critical staffing crisis that could make expanded provision practically impossible.
Not enough applicants, a lack of qualifications, low salaries and high turnover mean that many nurseries are operating well below capacity.
Many now find themselves operating at a loss, due to increased national insurance contributions.
Can the Deputy Prime Minister outline what clear steps the Government are taking to address the crisis in early years staffing to ensure that all our children get the best possible start in life?
First of all, I will out one of my kids in the Gallery, because he has just completed his studies on early years, so hopefully that will add a little help.
We inherited a depleted early years sector, but we are determined to make sure that all children have the best possible start in life.
That is why we are delivering the largest ever uplift to the early years pupil premium, boosting family hubs and Start for Life, funded by £126 million this year, and investing £370 million to create tens of thousands of places in new and expanded school-based nurseries.
Milton Keynes has one of the fastest growing tech sectors in the country; one in three people now work in tech jobs at firms such as Red Bull Racing and the AI company Aiimi.
Eleanor, a student in my constituency, is in the Gallery today.
Can the Deputy Prime Minister let her and this House know how the Government’s new industrial strategy will support our tech sector and provide her generation with good-quality jobs in the future?
I am glad that I am not the only one who has a young person destined for the future in the Gallery today.
My hon.
Friend has been a huge champion for Milton Keynes, and he is right.
After the Tory decline, it is time to turn the page.
We have already created 384,000 jobs since the election, and our industrial strategy will create opportunities across the country and invest in jobs and industries of the future, including in Milton Keynes, where East West Rail will help to build 100,000 new homes and put £6.7 million a year in the local economy.
In 1957, my constituent Ronald Clark was among 22,000 UK personnel exposed to nuclear testing on Christmas Island.
Those veterans and their descendants have suffered various cancers, crippling illnesses and deformities, but the Ministry of Defence has never accepted liability.
I note the Deputy Prime Minister’s response to the hon.
Member for Salford (Rebecca Long Bailey), but it does not go quite far enough.
Time is running out.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister meet me, my constituent and those veterans to determine appropriate compensation?
Again, I know the strength of feeling.
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman’s constituent Ronald and all the service personnel who participated in the British nuclear testing programme.
I am sure that the Minister for Veterans would be happy to meet him and the veterans to discuss this issue.
Under the old guard of the Conservatives, families had to earn less than £7,400, often in low-paid and insecure work, to qualify for free school meals.
Under this Labour Government, thousands more children in Wolverhampton North East and 500,000 more across the country will benefit from free school meals.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister outline how Labour’s plans will put more money in parents’ pockets?
We are determined to tackle child poverty, which rose catastrophically under the last Government.
That is why we are expanding access to free school meals to more than half a million children, which will lift 100,000 of the poorest children out of poverty and put £500 back into parents’ pockets.
This is on top of 750 free breakfast clubs, worth £450 a year to parents, and a historic uplift in the national minimum wage, worth up to £2,500 to the lowest-paid workers.