As the Secretary of State is not here today, I am sure I can offer my hon.
Friend the opportunity of a meeting with him.
Over the past 10 years, many tech start-ups have left the UK and gone to silicon valley, which costs the UK a huge amount in jobs and tax revenue.
What are the Government doing to ensure that start-ups currently at seed stage stay in the UK and grow here, so that we avoid the UK becoming an intellectual property farm for other countries to harvest?
One really important part of the industrial strategy we published on Monday and the sector plans within it is that we identified a problem many people in the UK face, which is that they have a really good idea but cannot take it to market because they do not have access to finance, in particular to capital, unless they are in London—and sometimes unless they are a man.
We want to change all that, which is why we have said categorically that we are giving the British Business Bank much more significant power to be able to invest in these sectors.
That will mean we are a powerhouse in precisely the way the hon.
Member wants.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of funding for health science and innovation on the UK’s global influence.
From the development of vaccines to the discovery of the structure of DNA, British medical innovation has played a fundamental role in changing the lives of people globally and extending the UK’s global influence.
Our industrial strategy and forthcoming life sciences sector plan will put the UK at the very centre of global efforts.
As the Minister will know, Gavi and the Global Fund not only provide a global vaccine programmes and programmes on saving lives from malaria and HIV, but provide us with biosecurity and jobs in the UK, not least over 500 research and development jobs and funding for the institute of tropical medicine.
What assessment has he made of whether the UK is to reduce our efforts in that regard?
Gavi, the Vaccine Alliance is absolutely essential, not only for other countries in the world, where we have managed to save many lives by introducing vaccines, but for UK innovation.
We are fully committed to Gavi.
We will be producing our life sciences sector plan soon, and we want to celebrate the sector, which represents 6,800 business and £100 billion of turnover every year.
The Minister will be aware that the life and health sciences launchpad in Northern Ireland has so far funded 32 business-led projects.
That is good news, but 23 of the projects are in the Greater Belfast area.
Will the Minister join me and others in our efforts to ensure that there is greater knowledge about the launchpad across the whole of Northern Ireland so that we can all benefit from this very worthwhile project?
Yes, indeed.
When I was talking about the creative industries sector plan as part of the industrial strategy last week, exactly the same point was made.
Belfast is obviously a great centre for innovation and the creative industries, but we need to make sure that the sector extends across the whole of Northern Ireland.
It is a point that has been extremely well made.
What steps his Department is taking to improve digital inclusion in Southend East and Rochford constituency.
The digital inclusion action plan is one of things I am proudest of.
Only this morning I launched the “IT reuse for good” charter.
One thing that is really problematic for many families who do not have access to the internet is that they simply do not have a device.
I urge every Member of the House to get every business they know to sign up to the “IT reuse for good” charter so that we can get devices to the people who really need them.