The remaining hostages must be released, while aid must be delivered at greater speed and volume.
This week is Armed Forces Week.
Our commitment to the armed forces is unwavering.
The strategic defence review outlines how we will give our armed forces better pay, better housing and better kit.
I pay tribute to their commitment, bravery and selflessness.
This morning, I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in the House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
The Conservatives gave up on law and order.
They betrayed our country and let criminals run riot.
Now, they desperately post wannabe superhero videos, shamelessly pointing at the problems they created.
Last week, they had the chance to put it right, and what did they do?
They voted against tough action on knife crime, on antisocial behaviour and on violence against women and girls.
Does the Deputy Prime Minister agree that they should hang their heads in shame for failing to protect our streets?
Order.
This is about Government responsibilities, not the Opposition.
I call Sir Mel Stride.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
It is a pleasure to stand opposite the right hon.
Lady.
Despite what many may think, we have a great deal in common, not least that we both viscerally disagree with the Chancellor’s tax policies.
It is also great to see the right hon.
Lady standing in temporarily for the Prime Minister for the second week running—although I know that many sitting behind her wish that this was a permanent arrangement.
Indeed, we will find many of their names among the 122 who have signed up to oppose the Government’s welfare Bill.
They say that the Bill is dangerously rushed and ill-thought-through.
Will the right hon.
Lady explain why she thinks that she is right and 122 of her colleagues are wrong?
First, it is nice to face the latest wannabe at the Dispatch Box.
I will tell the right hon.
Member why we are pressing ahead with our reforms: it is because we are investing a billion pounds in tailored employment support, in a “right to try” in order to help more people back into work, and in ending reassessments for the most severely disabled who will never be able to work.
We will not walk away or stand by and abandon millions of people trapped in the failing system, left behind by him and his colleagues.
The right hon.
Lady completely sidestepped my question.
She cannot even defend her own Government’s policy.
Can she at least assure the House that the vote on Tuesday will actually go ahead?
I do not know if the right hon.
Gentleman listened to what I said, because he was reading off his script—I do not need a script—but I can tell him that we will go ahead on Tuesday.
There you have it: there will be a vote in this House on Tuesday on the welfare Bill, although many on the Back Benches could be forgiven for thinking that they have heard this before with the winter fuel payment, where they were marched up the hill, and we all know where that story ended.
On the Conservative side of the House, we are absolutely clear that we will help the right hon.
Lady get their Bill through if the  Government can commit to actually reducing the welfare bill and getting people off benefits and into work.
Can she make that commitment right now—yes or no?
If ever we needed a reminder of the Conservatives having no shame, it is their demands for this Bill.
The right hon.
Gentleman demands a programme to help people into work—exactly what this Bill does—after he left one in eight young people out of the economy.
He demands no new taxes—from the party that raised taxes to record levels.
He demands welfare savings—from the man who was in charge as the welfare bill absolutely ballooned.