In my constituency—one of the most rural parts of the UK—whole areas are without mobile phone coverage.
People are forced to cope with unreliable phone lines and, most worryingly, are sometimes unable to call 999.
Can the Minister assure me that after the withdrawal of the public switched telephone network, no one will be left without access to a phone simply because there is no mobile signal once their landline is switched off?
I have been very keen to ensure that the withdrawal of the PSTN—which is being done because it is necessary, as the copper system is not working any more and is more fallible—does not leave anybody unable to contact 999 or get the services that they need.
I am very happy to arrange for my hon.
Friend a meeting with BDUK to go through precisely how we can ensure that we have proper investment in every constituency in the land so that people have the mobile signal they need to live in the modern era.
What discussions he has had with the Secretary of State for Education on AI in schools.
My Department is working closely with the Department for Education and Skills England to ensure that the education system is ready for the opportunities and the challenges that AI poses.
We are assessing the AI skills gap and mapping pathways to address it.
My officials have been working closely with the DFE on the education content store, for example, which is a pilot project that seeks to help developers to make better AI tools for teachers by providing a store of reliable and relevant UK data.
Last week, the DFE produced guidance to support schools with the safe and effective use of AI in education.
Will the Minister outline what steps are being taken to reduce academic dishonesty and plagiarism in schools resulting from the use of artificial intelligence tools?
AI has demonstrated that it can help the education workforce by reducing some of the administrative burdens and the hard work that teaching staff and school leaders face in their day-to-day role.
On the hon.
Gentleman’s question, evidence is still emerging on the benefits and risks of pupils and students using generative AI.
We will continue to work with the  education sector on use cases to develop our understanding of how to use AI safely and effectively.
As I have said, the Department has issued guidance to teachers on how to identify and best use AI in schools.
I call the Chair of the Science, Innovation and Technology Committee.
AI is already prevalent in the workplace and in the education system, and we need to equip the next generation to be able to use AI tools productively and securely while also delivering on their unique potential as human beings.
How is the Minister working with the Department for Education to ensure that the AI tools that are used in our education system support this kind of learning?
Specifically, what advice has she given to the Department with regard to the procurement of edtech tools, which are widely available?
Some are free and some need to be paid for, so how are schools to decide which to use?
As I have said, I work very closely with my counterparts in the Department for Education.
Earlier this year, we launched safe standards for the sector and provided guidance on how to safely develop AI tools for education.
The DFE has also provided guidance to schools on how to safely use AI in schools.
That work is ongoing.
As I have said, we are working both with the sector and with educators to make sure that we get this right.
When he plans to bring forward legislative proposals on AI.
As soon as we have legislative proposals on AI, we will introduce them to the House and let the right hon.
Member know in the usual way.