When I asked the Minister whether she would give a delayed Christmas present of an order for 25 Typhoons, she replied:
“It might not be a Christmas present—I do not know when his birthday is—but a present some time later.
”—[Official Report,  6 January 2025 ; Vol.
759, c. 586.]
We were awaiting an order of Typhoons for the Warton site in the strategic defence review, but it turned out to contain an empty box instead of a present.
If the Minister was not simply buying time and giving false hope to the workforce then, when will we see the order of 25 Typhoon jets for the RAF?
I do not think the previous Government were committed to buying Typhoons, so I do not see why the hon.
Gentleman should be so outraged by the fact that after less than a year, we have not yet ordered any more Typhoons.
We are committed to the Typhoon fleet that we have.
The buying of any more will have to be considered in the investment plan that is being worked on now.
Other European nations are buying some Typhoons, so there is some work there, although I know they are not assembled at Warton if other nations buy them.
We also have export orders that we are trying to pursue.
Although I cannot advance what I said to the hon.
Gentleman previously, it is something that I am very conscious of, and we will continue to see what can be done about the future of our Typhoon fleet.
We are committed to the fleet that we have and to the upgrades that we need.
In response to an earlier question, I was pleased to hear the Minister commit to seeking to compress the timetable between delivery and the in-service date.
I believe I heard the Minister say that the delivery date was the back end of the 2020s.
Can she confirm the anticipated in-service date?
I cannot confirm the anticipated in-service date beyond saying that we are hopeful that we will get the aircraft as soon as possible and that we will be able to use them as soon as possible thereafter, subject to all the usual requirements to get something in service.
That is as good as I can do for the hon.
Gentleman today, I am afraid.
The Minister just confirmed that the UK adheres to the nuclear non-proliferation treaty.
That treaty requires the declared nuclear-armed states not to allow proliferation and to take steps towards nuclear disarmament.
What the Minister has announced today is an increase in nuclear capability, with the construction of new nuclear warheads that can obviously be used anywhere in the world by airdropping them.
Can she explain how it is possible to say that this announcement is in compliance with the NPT when it is so obviously and clearly the very opposite of that?
The right hon.
Gentleman is wrong, I am afraid.
It is in compliance with the non-proliferation treaty.
The NATO nuclear mission would carry US nuclear weapons, which are already subject to the non-proliferation treaty.
What we are announcing today is the buying of aircraft that are capable of assisting with that mission, not the purchasing of new nuclear weapons.
I hope that is clear for the right hon.
Gentleman.
Clearly, the aim is to enhance what NATO has as a defensive structure, so will the Minister confirm that this is not a substitute for any of our other NATO allies withdrawing aircraft from service, and that we are adding to the potential cover against threat in case we are attacked?
We are adding some of our capability to the NATO nuclear mission by purchasing these weapons, which has been welcomed by our allies and by the NATO Secretary-General as improving the position for the NATO nuclear mission.
I thank the Minister for her statement.