When he plans to bring forward legislative proposals on AI.
As soon as we have legislative proposals on AI, we will introduce them to the House and let the right hon.
Member know in the usual way.
Is the Minister aware of the concerns about the proposed creative content exchange, which appeared without consultation in the creative industries sector plan?
Will he confirm that any AI legislation will not seek to impose a statutory licensing model, but will instead facilitate a market-led, dynamic licensing model based on robust copyright law and enforceable through meaningful transparency?
The right hon.
Member has become terribly Eeyore-ish of late—he has been eating too many thistles, I think.
The truth of the matter is that this is a really good idea.
It is only at an embryonic stage.
It was consulted on in the creative industries taskforce, which is led by Baroness Shriti Vadera and Sir Peter Bazalgette.
Of course we will consult with everybody else in the sector about how we can make this work, but it could be an answer to ensuring more licensing of creative content by AI companies and, importantly, remuneration for the creative industries.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
First, I echo the congratulatory comments about  the hon.
Member for Newcastle upon Tyne Central and West (Dame Chi Onwurah) —they are absolutely deserved.
Donald Trump’s proposals to ban US states from regulating AI for 10 years have been condemned by Microsoft’s chief scientist, showing that we cannot trust the US to provide safe and sensible AI regulation.
Does the Minister agree that now is the time for the UK to lead on AI safety, and will he join me and the head of Google DeepMind in calling for an AI safety agency modelled on the International Atomic Energy Agency and headquartered here in the UK?
Both the Under-Secretary of State and I have been remiss in not congratulating my hon.
Friend  the Member for Newcastle upon Tyne Central and West (Dame Chi Onwurah)  on her damehood.
As you know, Mr Speaker, all knights love to see a dame enter the Chamber.
The Under-Secretary of State and I work closely on AI and copyright, and on making sure that we have the AI safety and security that we need.
The Liberal Democrat spokesperson makes a fair point and it is one of the things that we are considering at the moment.
What steps he is taking to distribute funding for science and innovation.
The Chancellor has announced that the Government’s research and development spending plans go through to 2029-30 and that our R&D budget is rising from £13.9 billion in 2025-26 to £15.2 billion in 2029-30—a real-terms increase—and will total £58.5 billion over the spending review period.
I am sure that that will benefit my hon.
Friend’s York constituency.
York and North Yorkshire is a national leader in the bioeconomy.
BioYorkshire will create 4,000 jobs, as well as start-ups and spin-outs.
It requires £67 million to build its facilities over the next decade, but it will return £215 million back into the economy.
When will the science plan recognise the economic and scientific impact of the research base?
Can we have a meeting to talk about the brilliant BioYorkshire project?
My hon.
Friend is right that it is a brilliant project, and it is precisely the kind of thing the UK excels at: we manage to get the private sector working with Government and local government to deliver not only jobs but real innovation.
As the Secretary of State is not here today, I am sure I can offer my hon.
Friend the opportunity of a meeting with him.
Over the past 10 years, many tech start-ups have left the UK and gone to silicon valley, which costs the UK a huge amount in jobs and tax revenue.