Only this morning I launched the “IT reuse for good” charter.
One thing that is really problematic for many families who do not have access to the internet is that they simply do not have a device.
I urge every Member of the House to get every business they know to sign up to the “IT reuse for good” charter so that we can get devices to the people who really need them.
Digital inclusion and exclusion vary widely between individuals, households and even communities.
Often it is those in low-income, rural and coastal communities who are left behind.
What steps are being taken to ensure that Labour’s action plan reaches all communities and equips everyone with the tools they need?
My hon.
Friend makes a strong point: we need digital inclusion for every community.
If we are going to have a digital Government, we need to have a digital nation, and we cannot have some people excluded from that future.
That is why we have announced £6 million in this financial year for the innovation fund, and I hope that local authorities will come forward with innovative ideas on how we can break down the barriers to digital inclusion.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
The Department is determined to make the UK the best place in the world for science and technology.
Last week, the spending review committed £86 billion to research and development, enabling every aspect of our tech economy to start firing on all cylinders.
Building on that, we published the digital and technology sector plan as part of our modern industrial strategy on Monday, backing our innovators in fields like quantum, life sciences and engineering biology with over £1 billion.
Across the northern part of my constituency, from Marshside over to Hesketh Bank—
Order.
Members are not meant to walk in front of the Member who is speaking; it is discourteous.
The hon.
Member for Portsmouth North (Amanda Martin)  deliberately looked and carried on.
The mobile phone signal is uniformly terrible across the northern part of my constituency, meaning that my constituents are missing out on opportunities.
Will the Minister work more closely with industry to identify and deal with those rural mobile blackspots to further the Government’s growth mission?
I know that that is an issue in my hon.
Friend’s constituency because he has tabled at least 10 questions to me on the subject over the last week, all of which we have answered in time.
I am keen to ensure that we as MPs persuade the mobile companies to invest more in getting better mobile coverage across the country, both in rural areas and in urban ones.
I call the shadow Minister.
Why are the Government ignoring the advice of the AI opportunities action plan to encourage the start-up and scaling of tech businesses in the UK and instead favouring market-dominant corporations from abroad over our own domestic businesses when awarding Government contracts?
We are not.
As the Government produce their strategy to support the development, validation and uptake of alternative methods in scientific procedures, what steps will the Minister be taking to ensure that that includes specific commitments to phase out the use of dogs in scientific and regulatory procedures, replacing them with modern, human-specific technologies?
The Government remain committed to ending the use of all animals, including dogs, in scientific procedures, replacing them with modern, human-relevant technologies.
Our long-term goal, as set out in our 2024 manifesto commitment, is to phase out animal testing entirely.
As my hon.
Friend said, we will publish a detailed road map this year alongside convening roundtables with researchers, industry and animal welfare organisations to ensure that we achieve that and hit the target.
My constituency is home to five games developers.
Does the Minister agree that the use of AI in video game development should not be allowed to push out human creativity?