We are determined to tackle child poverty, which rose catastrophically under the last Government.
That is why we are expanding access to free school meals to more than half a million children, which will lift 100,000 of the poorest children out of poverty and put £500 back into parents’ pockets.
This is on top of 750 free breakfast clubs, worth £450 a year to parents, and a historic uplift in the national minimum wage, worth up to £2,500 to the lowest-paid workers.
Given that the right hon.
Lady appears to be enjoying spending yet another week practising to be Prime Minister, maybe she can give us her view on who she would get rid of in the coming reshuffle.
Would it be the Chancellor for killing economic growth?
Would it be the Work and Pensions Secretary for the botched handling of the welfare Bill and the winter fuel cuts?
Would it be the Environment Secretary for trying to destroy British family farms?
Would it be the Foreign Secretary for giving away British sovereign territory and paying billions to rent it back?
Or given that the Prime Minister is now polling as having had the most unpopular first year in modern British political history, would the right hon.
Lady do herself and the country a favour and tell him to show himself the door?
Maybe the hon.
Gentleman wants a go next week, because it has been quite a carousel.
The Leader of the Opposition said that she was going to get better week on week—she already has in the last two weeks by not turning up.
I am just wondering when she is going to give the shadow Justice Secretary,  the right hon.
Member for Newark (Robert Jenrick) , a go.
I am proud and honoured to say that I have served this country as a reservist Parachute Regiment soldier.
That is why I would like to take this opportunity to thank all our service members and their families during Armed Forces Week.
This Labour Government have announced the largest sustained increase in defence spending since the end of the cold war.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister set out how the Government will rebuild Britain and secure our defence for the future?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question and for his service.
He is absolutely right—our armed forces represent the very best of Britain, and put their lives on the line for us every day.
It is our responsibility to support those who defend us, so we are delivering the biggest sustained boost to defence spending since the end of the cold war.
The strategic defence review sets out our vision for defence, driving jobs and prosperity and renewing the nation’s contract with those who serve to secure Britain into the future.
It is a pleasure to be asking the right hon.
Lady another question at Prime Minister’s questions, although just the one this time.
There has been a proliferation of houses in multiple occupation in my constituency, in places such as Potters Bar and Borehamwood.
Quiet residential streets such as Tiverton Road and Organ Hall Road are being blighted by family houses being converted into houses in multiple occupation, leading to a surge in antisocial behaviour and parking problems.
May I therefore urge the right hon.
Lady to look at enhancing the powers of local councils to stop these kinds of developments where they are not wanted?
I do miss our exchanges.
I hope the right hon.
Gentleman has been wearing his factor 50—he knows how it can get for us gingers in the hot weather.
He also knows that local authorities have planning powers to limit the proliferation of small houses being turned into houses in multiple occupation.
His Government left a housing crisis, and I am getting on with fixing that through the 1.5 million homes that we are going to deliver.
Just this week,  the hon.