It is disappointing that the Deputy Prime Minister could not give that cast-iron guarantee, but if the Government pursue the Bill next week, we will pursue this matter on behalf of carers.
Given the reports that the Government are giving a green light to President Trump’s demands for a state visit to be brought forward to September, does the Deputy Prime Minister agree that the UK should urgently convene talks with the White House in advance of the visit in order to leverage it to secure US guarantees for Ukraine, including the use of frozen Russian assets, and to secure a joint UK-US message to Putin that together our two countries will not let him win his illegal war?
The UK Government are always in discussions, negotiations and talks with our US counterparts.
We are really pleased that the US President is coming for a second state visit, and we will continue to welcome in that vein and continue to have those discussions.
In Oldham, 727 families are currently living in temporary accommodation, and 8,000 families are on the waiting list.
That obviously has a devastating impact, particularly on children in those families.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister outline how she will use the £39 billion that was allocated to her Department in the spending review to fix the housing crisis left by the Opposition, so that families in Oldham, Saddleworth and wider can get the affordable homes they need?
My hon.
Friend is right, and as neighbouring MPs we know the impact that temporary accommodation and children being homeless has on their life chances.
She is absolutely right to raise the issue, and to highlight the excellent work of Dr Laura Neilson, who is supporting us to develop a cross-Government homelessness strategy.
All children should have a safe and secure home.
That is why I am so proud that we have confirmed the biggest boost to social and affordable housing investment in a generation.
We are getting on with the job, after the mess that the Conservatives left behind.
My colleagues and I identify with the comments around de-escalation in the middle east.
I hope that the Deputy Prime Minister will condemn recent disorder on the streets of Northern Ireland, as the Prime Minister and my colleagues have done.
Does she  accept that the Windsor framework, although sold to this House as a trade issue, is fundamentally impacting the ability of this sovereign Parliament to legislate on a UK-wide basis on matters of immigration?
Will she commit to ensuring that the Government continue to challenge robustly the expansionism that is currently before the courts?
If not, will she legislate to ensure that we as a country can control our own borders?
First, I do condemn the violence on the streets.
Provisions in the Belfast/Good Friday agreement referred to in article 2 of the Windsor framework sought to address the long-standing and specific issues relating to Northern Ireland’s past.
I hope the right hon.
Gentleman is assured that we are appealing on a number of the laws relating to article 2 in the courts, including the Supreme Court.
I hope he will also be assured by the reality that the Government have consistently applied and enforced immigration law on a UK-wide basis.
The Government will take all necessary steps to defend that position, just as we will remain committed to protecting rights across the whole UK, as it should be Parliament that makes rules on immigration.
Last night, “Newsnight” covered the  three-year investigation into the nuked blood scandal, in which thousands of troops had blood and urine monitored and even chest x-rays during nuclear weapons testing, but the results were kept from their medical records and their suffering was denied for decades.