I hope he will also be assured by the reality that the Government have consistently applied and enforced immigration law on a UK-wide basis.
The Government will take all necessary steps to defend that position, just as we will remain committed to protecting rights across the whole UK, as it should be Parliament that makes rules on immigration.
Last night, “Newsnight” covered the  three-year investigation into the nuked blood scandal, in which thousands of troops had blood and urine monitored and even chest x-rays during nuclear weapons testing, but the results were kept from their medical records and their suffering was denied for decades.
I am a fierce supporter of those men and their families, and the Deputy Prime Minister has met them with me, so does she agree that, in this Armed Forces Week, time is now of the essence, and these elderly veterans deserve answers, justice, and an apology?
I commend my hon.
Friend for her campaigning work on this issue.
I have met some of those affected and know their strength of feeling; I have heard their deeply personal testimony of their experiences.
Especially during Armed Forces Week, I pay tribute to all nuclear veterans and their enduring contribution to our nation’s security.
We are looking into unresolved questions regarding medical records as a matter of priority.
I join the Deputy Prime Minister in thanking members of the armed forces community for their service.
I have had the privilege in recent months of meeting many veterans in my constituency, some of whom still carry the trauma of war.
Some, including amputees, have told me how repeat disability assessments are too often required of them in order to access financial support.
Does the Deputy Prime Minister agree that veterans with life-changing service-related injuries should be exempted from repeat disability assessments?
Part of our reforms are to ensure that those who can never work are properly supported and not put through endless assessment, and I thank the hon.
Member for raising this case.
We are committed to renewing the nation’s contract with those who have served, and a range of support is in place for veterans, including dedicated medical and physical healthcare pathways in the NHS, employment, and  housing.
The new support system, VALOUR, backed by £50 million of funding, will provide a network of support centres to connect veterans with local and national services.
Successive Conservative Governments stripped our councils of funding for youth services, pitting them against services that were under statutory protections.
That has led to one in eight councils no longer having a youth centre.
Croydon, which is London’s youngest borough, is about to lose its youth engagement team and its last crumb of council-run universal youth provision.
Can the Deputy Prime Minister outline what this Labour Government are doing to support our young people?
Does she agree that it is time to look again at statutory protections for youth services, so that all young people, no matter where they live, can get the services they deserve?
I completely agree with my hon.
Friend that the Conservatives left a trail of devastation across education and youth services. [
Interruption.]
Given half the chance, judging by their moans, they would do it all over again.
We are making different choices—working with young people to draw up a landmark new national youth strategy, investing £145 million this year to provide stability to the youth sector, rolling out youth future hubs to expand access opportunities and reduce crime, and extending access to mental health support to nearly 1 million more children this year.
The  Government’s expansion of funded childcare from September is welcome, but early years settings face a critical staffing crisis that could make expanded provision practically impossible.
Not enough applicants, a lack of qualifications, low salaries and high turnover mean that many nurseries are operating well below capacity.
Many now find themselves operating at a loss, due to increased national insurance contributions.