If we are to deter potential aggressors and adversaries, it is key that we implement the findings of the SDR and increase our capability, and that is what we are doing.
May I encourage the Government not to be at all bashful about the fact that the decision on whether one of these weapons will be used—heaven forbid—will be an American one?
There is a long tradition of American nuclear weapons being based in NATO countries, not least the Cruise and Pershing missiles of the 1980s, which helped to end the cold war.
Will the Minister confirm that not only does this fill a gap in our deterrence spectrum, but it reasserts the commitment of the United States to the defence of the other NATO countries?
The right hon.
Gentleman is correct that the decision does all those things, and he has made a very good point.
I welcome the acquisition of the F-35As, not least for the impact it will have on industry and jobs in my constituency.
In answer to the question about refuelling, the Minister described very well how this new capability meshes with existing NATO capability.
Will she say a little more about how this capability supports the defence of not only the UK, but our NATO allies?
My hon.
Friend is correct.
In addition to the industrial benefits that we ought to glean from increasing the F-35 order, it is absolutely right that it strengthens NATO.
That is what the strategic defence review said that we should focus on, and NATO first is what we are doing.
Rejoining the NATO nuclear mission is a striking commitment.
We accepted the recommendation to make that commitment and we are now implementing it.
I also welcome this announcement, but can we talk about money?
We already know that 20% of our defence budget is spent on the nuclear deterrent.
It is disproportionately  expensive.
If we are now extending the nuclear capability with these airdrop weapons, what impact will that have on the budget for the rest of our conventional armed forces?
I welcome the hon.
Lady’s support.
The F-35As are actually cheaper than the F-35Bs, so replacing 12 F-35B orders with 12 F-35A orders is a cheaper option and she does not have to be too concerned about the direct impact of the decision on budgets.
The total cost of the next procurement tranche, including the 12 F-35A models, will be an estimated £3.2 billion, but these are plans that were there and that we are now funding.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in praising the Rugby No.
1 branch of the Royal British Legion, who I believe are in Tesco this week for a service, and the Hillmorton branch of the RBL, who will be holding a ceremony on Armed Forces Day?
I was pleased to see that this commitment will support 20,000 jobs across the UK in the years to come, with over 100 UK-based suppliers contributing to the F-35 programme.
Does she agree that this demonstrates that our national security and economic security go hand in hand, and that this Government will deliver that?
I commend my hon.
Friend’s Royal British Legion branches who are getting on with what many of us are doing in Armed Forces Week, which is attending events that show our appreciation for our armed forces in every part of the UK.
He is correct to say that, in addition to deterring our enemy and supporting NATO and our allies more strongly, there is growth potential and economic benefit from the spending that we put into our armed forces and our capabilities.
The proposed NATO 5% target will be split into two categories: a new, broader set of defence-related items at up to 1.5% of GDP, alongside a commitment to spend at least 3.5% of GDP on traditional defence.