He also knows that local authorities have planning powers to limit the proliferation of small houses being turned into houses in multiple occupation.
His Government left a housing crisis, and I am getting on with fixing that through the 1.5 million homes that we are going to deliver.
Just this week,  the hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage)  put a singular burning injustice first: the plight of overseas billionaires who pay too much tax.
Does the Deputy Prime Minister agree with the hon.
Member’s priority, or does she agree with me that Reform UK doing sweetheart deals with the super-rich is a betrayal of British working people?
I was asked about the hon.
Member for Clacton’s mathematics the other week, and my hon.
Friend is absolutely right—the mask has slipped again this week.
The hon.
Member for Clacton  demands billions more in unfunded tax cuts for the very richest while he marches through the Lobby in the House of Commons to vote against sick pay for the lowest earners.
We know what would pay for Reform’s tax breaks for overseas billionaires; it would be tax hikes on working people and patients being charged to seeing their doctor.
Labour will not let that happen.
When my young constituent Axel was given his education, health and care plan a year ago, his primary school place was withdrawn, with no replacement offered.
His nursery allowed him to stay on until Christmas, but since then, apart from a short break at a school, he has had nothing.
He is at home with his mum, with no alternative provision for younger children, who cannot travel a long way.
His mother also cannot go to work.
I welcome the White Paper in the autumn, but can the Deputy Prime Minister commit to Axel’s mum—and the parents of Freddie, Ieuan, Ethan, and the other 640 children with special education needs and disabilities with no school to go to—that there will be somewhere for them in September?
I am really sorry to hear about Axel and the other cases that the hon.
Member mentioned.
Those with special educational needs deserve proper support and should not be left at home.
We are determined to fix the SEND system and support children before issues escalate to this type of crisis point.
We are investing £3.4 billion this year to deploy specialist teams across early years and primary school settings, helping to identify and respond to speech and language needs, particularly for children with SEND.
We will set out our full plans on the reform of SEND this autumn, including support for the early years.
Growth needs to be delivered and felt in all parts of the country, and the infrastructure strategy, changes to the Green Book and the £1.8 billion secured for the north-east are a clear demonstration of our commitment to that.
In my area, Moor Farm roundabout is blocking growth and causing misery for people locally.
Does the Deputy Prime Minister agree that improving infrastructure in the north, like at Moor Farm, will show how we are investing in all parts of the country?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The previous Government did not have a plan for areas like the north-east.
I know she has been a champion for the Moor Farm roundabout.
This Government are changing the situation by investing £15.6 billion in local transport projects across the country, opening up access to jobs and improving living standards, including in the north-east.
Labour has invited proposals from cities to expand their boundaries, and the Mayor of Leicester wants to expand the city to swallow up areas like Oadby, Wigston and Great Glen, but local people do not want that, and thousands have signed our petition against it.
It is not just about the higher council tax; they want to keep their own local identity.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister rule out this totally unwelcome city takeover?