Gentleman has a very close interest in these matters because I have to answer all his parliamentary questions, and I welcome that interest.
As the Secretary of State said this morning, we hope that we can start receiving delivery of these planes before the end of the decade.
The hon.
Gentleman is right that any manufacturing capability has queues, but orders are subject to contractual discussions and arrangements can be made, so that is what we are aiming for.
Obviously, we will keep the House informed of how we get on.
I welcome the news that our deterrence capability will be enhanced and made more flexible as we take another step on the escalatory ladder.
We are talking about a US aircraft with substantial UK industrial participation, a US weapon, US-UK decision making and a NATO mission.
Does the Minister agree that this is a powerful statement about the strength of the special relationship between the US and the UK, and the strength of the NATO alliance?
I agree very much with both points.
The decision indicates the strength of our alliance with the US, as well as the growing strength of NATO.
I do not understand industrially or militarily why the F-35 is the default choice.
If the F-35 can be delivered only by the end of the decade, why is Tempest, which is more than capable of being delivered by the mid-2030s, not being considered?
That is if we agree with the decision to be part of the nuclear sharing enterprise, and I do not agree with that, because no other nuclear-armed state takes part in nuclear sharing, no other P5 member delivers any other nation’s nuclear deterrent, and no nuclear power in the world delivers anyone else’s nuclear weapons.
I hear what the hon.
Gentleman says.
We are committed to buying 138 F-35s in the next tranche of F-35s.
We have substituted 12 F-35As for what would have been 12 F-35Bs, so there is that change to the mix, as recommended in the strategic defence review.
One of the recommendations was that we should  consider the mix, and we have considered it.
Another was that we should rejoin the NATO nuclear mission; we have considered that and consulted, and we are acting.
We have already implemented two of the major recommendations of the SDR.
Given the welcome that the SDR had from Members around the House, we should all be glad to see the implementation of those recommendations.
I thank the Minister for the welcome announcement of the F-35A programme, which comes at a time when this Government are increasing defence spending at a rate not seen since the cold war.
BAE Systems, in my constituency, is one of the companies leading on the programme to support avionics for our forces, and there is an outstanding invitation for the Minister to visit the company.
Will she confirm that this announcement will mean a significant increase in jobs and opportunities, including apprenticeships for local people, young people, and constituents across my area and the country?
Yes.
I have been reminded of my promise to visit; that is on the list, and the visit will move closer to the top of the list after today.
I agree with my hon.
Friend.
If we are to deter potential aggressors and adversaries, it is key that we implement the findings of the SDR and increase our capability, and that is what we are doing.
May I encourage the Government not to be at all bashful about the fact that the decision on whether one of these weapons will be used—heaven forbid—will be an American one?
There is a long tradition of American nuclear weapons being based in NATO countries, not least the Cruise and Pershing missiles of the 1980s, which helped to end the cold war.