My hon.
Friend asked about the process.
Any candidates for ambassador positions are subject to routine, extensive vetting and background checks as a matter of course; I point him to the formal processes outlined in the diplomatic service code, which highlights the robust security clearance and vetting process that all members of the diplomatic service undergo.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Our thoughts are with the friends and families of the victims of 9/11.
I also express my regret and sadness at the murder of Charlie Kirk, and I hope that  the hon.
Member for Washington and Gateshead South (Mrs Hodgson)  and her staff are all okay following the incident at her office.
Political violence should have absolutely no place in society.
Lord Mandelson was tasked with overseeing the UK’s relationship with Trump, and the accusations surrounding him cast a damning shadow, so it is right that the Prime Minister has withdrawn his support for Lord Mandelson.
Yesterday the Prime Minister stood by Lord Mandelson’s appointment and confirmed that rigorous background checks had taken place.
What has changed since then?
Questions remain over what the Government knew and when about Lord Mandelson’s relationship with the sex offender, whom he had previously described as his “best pal”.
Did he resign, or was he sacked?
It is vital that the Civil Service Commission now investigates whether the ambassador broke the diplomatic service code by failing to come clean over these revelations sooner.
Was the vetting process pushed through too fast?
Will the Minister confirm that an investigation will take place so that no such incidents can happen again?
Reports have surfaced that the Cabinet Office suppressed the release of a memo about Mandelson’s relationship because it could compromise relations with the US.
Will the Minister confirm whether that was the case?
I thank the hon.
Member for her remarks regarding my hon.
Friend the Member for Washington and Gateshead South.
Again, I underline the importance of us all being able to go about our roles  in a safe and secure way, whatever our political views and beliefs.
In the light of international events, particularly in the United States, that should be at the forefront of our minds today.
In the light of the additional information in the emails written by Lord Mandelson, I have been very clear that the Prime Minister asked the Foreign Secretary to withdraw him as ambassador.
That is very clear; the decision was taken by the Prime Minister and the Foreign Secretary.
Those emails show that the depth and extent of the relationship was materially different from that known at the time of his appointment.
I associate myself with hon.
Members’ condolences and concerns about my hon.
Friend  the Member for Washington and Gateshead South (Mrs Hodgson) .
I thank the Minister for his statement.
I too am disgusted and appalled by Epstein’s actions, and my thoughts are with the victims of his crimes.
Will the Minister confirm that we have an excellent deputy ambassador in Washington, who will ensure that our mission continues and that next week’s visit will go ahead?
We have an excellent team overall in British embassy Washington.
Indeed, I pay tribute to the work of all our diplomatic service colleagues across the world, who do an excellent job in representing this country and ensure that our security and prosperity is at the forefront of their work.
Of course, our special relationship and unique security partnership with the United Staes is crucially important.
I will be at the United States embassy later today.
It is our closest and most important relationship.
I agree with my hon.
Friend that there is an excellent team in British embassy Washington.
I call the Father of the House.
Obviously this is a very sad day for the United States, with 9/11 and the assassination last night.