We are meant to treat each other with respect.
This message is for all Members: if you are going to mention another Member, do them the courtesy of ensuring that they are first made aware of the fact.
On the Foreign Affairs Committee, we have seen the high calibre of career diplomats who usually take up the most senior ambassadorial appointments, so it is not obvious to me why the British ambassador to the United States was a former MP.
In the emails that have leaked overnight, it  appears that Lord Mandelson thinks that to govern is to schmooze.
He famously declared in an election victory speech that he was a fighter, not a quitter, yet he urged the convicted paedophile, Jeffrey Epstein, that to fight for early release was the right thing.
And Lord Mandelson did not do the decent thing and quit.
Does the Minister regret the original appointment?
The hon.
Gentleman asks about precedent.
He will know that there is precedent, and we do have excellent ambassadors and high commissioners around the world—he and I have met many of them directly as they represent this country diligently.
I have been clear: in the light of the additional information and emails written by Lord Mandelson, the Prime Minister has asked the Foreign Secretary to withdraw him as ambassador.
In particular, Lord Mandelson’s suggestion that Jeffrey Epstein’s first conviction was wrongful and should be challenged is new information, and the emails show that the depth and extent of Lord Mandelson’s relationship with Jeffrey Epstein is materially different from that known at the time of his appointment.
The Minister is a decent man, and the House knows that the business of the House was delayed while he hurriedly had to rewrite the statement that he was expected to make, but he is stretching the bounds of credibility too far.
Yesterday, the Prime Minister told the House that he had full confidence in a man who befriended the vilest of convicted paedophiles.
He should not have been appointed in the first place—that was a gross error of judgment and everybody in this House knows it—and the Prime Minister has to take responsibility.
Now that Lord Mandelson has gone, will there be a Cabinet Office inquiry into the manner in which Mandelson was negotiating with a convicted paedophile while he was a Minister?
The right hon.
Gentleman will understand why I will not comment from the Dispatch Box on his last remarks.
What I will say is that the Prime Minister has acted decisively in the light of the new information, and he has taken the decision to ask the Foreign Secretary to withdraw Lord Mandelson as ambassador.
Again, for the House’s information, the suggestion that Jeffrey Epstein’s first conviction was wrongful and should be challenged is new information.
The emails show the depth and extent of the relationship was materially different from that known at the time of Lord Mandelson’s appointment.
Again, in the light of that, and mindful of the victims of Epstein’s crimes, he has been withdrawn as ambassador with immediate effect.
The idea that our country should be represented in America or on the world stage by somebody who tried to get a paedophile out of prison early will fill us all with revulsion.
Can the Minister be clearer?
He has said that the Prime Minister asked the Foreign Secretary to withdraw the ambassador.
He said the Prime Minister made the decision, but he also said in his statement that Mandelson resigned.
Did he resign or was he sacked?
I have been very clear: the Prime Minister asked the Foreign Secretary to withdraw Lord Mandelson as ambassador.
That is the process, and he  is no longer in his position.
I agree with the hon.
Member about our absolute revulsion across this House at Jeffrey Epstein’s crimes.
I concur with the comments about Charlie Kirk that the Minister made at the beginning.