Gentleman suggests and I am happy to write to him with more information on that.
On  28 September , the historic Boulby line in my constituency will be reopened for passengers to celebrate 200 years of passenger rail.
Yet I believe the line ought to be open permanently so people can access jobs and opportunities.
Will the Secretary of State meet me to talk about that prospect and other transport proposals that I have for East Cleveland?
I would be very happy to meet my hon.
Friend.
He is right that in some instances, reopening branch lines on the rail network can be transformative for areas.
I visited the opening of the Northumberland line in the first week I was in this job.
Passenger numbers on that stretch of line have exceeded expectations and are unlocking opportunities for a whole range of communities in the north-east.
Of course we want to replicate that across the country.
That is why we have announced additional investment in the MetroWest scheme, down in the areas surrounding Bristol.
I am happy to talk to him about the situation in his constituency in Cleveland.
What steps she is taking to support the sustainable aviation fuel industry.
The Government are supporting the UK’s sustainable aviation fuel industry through the SAF mandate, the advanced fuels fund and new legislation introducing a revenue certainty mechanism.
We are working with industry to cut emissions, to boost UK production, to create high-quality green jobs and to attract investment while ensuring value for money.
I congratulate my parliamentary neighbour on his accession.
It is good to see his talents recognised.
Much of the technology currently used in sustainable aviation fuel is of foreign origin.
Part of the reason for that is that no Government body directly supports the development of core technologies used for that, supporting only the development of production facilities.
The Aerospace Technology Institute, for example, should be able to invest in research and development programmes to develop sustainable fuel, but is currently not permitted to do so.
Will the Minister look at allowing that, so we can accelerate the development of our own technology in this area?
The right hon.
Gentleman will know that through the ATI programme, the Department for Business and Trade co-invests with industry in research and technology development in the UK to maintain and grow the UK’s competitive position in civil aerospace.
In addition, we fund the UK SAF Clearing House to help fuel producers navigate the testing and approval requirements for non-fossil fuel-based jet fuel.
It co-ordinates testing and qualifications of SAF, helping to remove  barriers to new fuels coming to market.
Plus, the advanced fuels fund has allocated £198 million, with a core aim of overcoming technological risk for early-stage projects to support UK SAF production.
If the right hon.
Member wishes to discuss any other aspects of this policy, I will be very glad to meet him.
On the subject of aviation, the beautiful Isle of Barra airport in my constituency has had to cancel 14% of its flights in the last year on the beautiful beach runway.
This is not, on the whole, due to bad weather or tides, but because the Brexiteering Tories withdrew us from the European satellite navigation system, which allows flights to land in low visibility and bad weather.
Will the new Minister celebrate his role by meeting me on the beach to discuss rejoining—perhaps not the European Union but at least the European geostationary navigation overlay service, EGNOS?
What an attractive proposition from my hon.
Friend—and so early in my tenure in this position.
He raises an incredibly important matter, and it would be remiss of me not to give it the full attention it deserves, and therefore I will respond to his specific questions further in writing.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Can I start by welcoming my hon.