Friend, I am a big fan of the Elizabeth line, and I commend him for his dogged support of the scheme on his constituents’ behalf.
It is a significant addition to the transport network in London and the south-east, and it has had tangible positive impacts on the supply chain around the country, as well as providing faster journeys into and across London from Reading.
I was proud to have personally helped deliver this new railway in my previous role in London, and to see that it has now supported around 55,000 full-time jobs, as well as creating over 1,000 apprenticeship opportunities.
Further to the earlier comments about driving test centres, the problem is serious in my constituency.
All  five of the closest centres have waiting times of 24 weeks —six months—and people are now looking to other parts of Scotland for tests.
I appreciate what the Minister said about employing extra people, but can I ask that specific interest and special attention is given to Scotland, where this is a particular problem in rural areas?
I will meet the hon.
Member.
Does the Minister agree that extending the Dunstable-Luton busway on to Leighton Buzzard and then Bletchley would be a real boon to more fully link the area into the Oxford-Cambridge growth area?
Responsibility for local transport is devolved to local authorities, which are responsible for the operation of their networks, including the extension of busways.
The Government are committed to the Ox-Cam growth corridor.
Lord Vallance has been tasked with exploring options on how best to deliver economic growth in that area.
A workshop taking place in Bath this morning brings together key stakeholders from the rail industry and local authorities.
It focuses on the development of rail services in Wiltshire, and will include the case for building a Devizes gateway station and increasing services in Melksham.
Following Network Rail’s Wiltshire rail strategic study, will the Secretary of State or Rail Minister meet me and key stakeholders to discuss taking those key projects forward?
I can assure the hon.
Gentleman that I am aware of the Bath and Wiltshire metro scheme and the Devizes gateway project.
Although we do not have any plans to take forward those schemes, I encourage local authorities, Great Western Rail and Network rail to continue working together to develop those plans and explore funding opportunities.
My constituents who use the A259 coast road are being deprived the choice of safe and sustainable travel to Brighton, as Conservative-run West Sussex county council has dragged its feet for more than three decades on delivering a cycle path.
What can the Government do to help me and Shoreham-By-Cycle to push for that much-needed infrastructure, which West Sussex county council has long promised but failed to deliver?
I would be happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman.
I wonder whether the Secretary of State might have a word with her friend the Mayor of London about the appalling mismanagement of the Gallows Corner junction, where a flyover is being constructed.
The gridlock, chaos and delays are affecting the whole Romford side of Essex, and east London.
It really is chaos.
Will she get it sorted out?
I am sure that the Mayor of London and Transport for London will want to do all they can to minimise disruption during any construction of the  type that the hon.
Gentleman describes.
I am sorry but I did not hear his question in full—did he say it was Gallows Corner?
indicated assent.
If he wishes to write to me with the specific details of those local issues, I will come back to him.
My constituents have been very vocal about their opposition to the LNER timetable changes from December, including the removal of the 8.22 am commuter service from Durham to Newcastle on weekdays.