Will he speak to his new colleague in the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government, the Minister responsible for English devolution, to ensure that the new Mayor for Hampshire and the Solent actually has regulatory or licensing powers over transport across the Solent?
If the Government create a new local leader without any powers over integrating the island that I represent, as the Member for Isle of Wight East, into the mainland, they will have failed to deliver any form of genuine integrated local transport for my constituents.
The hon.
Member speaks with passion about the state of ferry services in his constituency.
It is an issue that I am keen to engage with him on further;  I know the former maritime Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wythenshawe and Sale East (Mike Kane) , was very engaged in this work, too.
I am looking to meet the hon.
Gentleman next week, alongside my hon.
Friend  the Member for Isle of Wight West (Mr Quigley) , to take this conversation forward.
On stakeholder engagement with the ferry operator itself, that local engagement is something I will be taking part in through the Department.
I look forward to engaging with the hon.
Gentleman as I take that process forward.
What steps she is taking to support the bus sector.
This Government recognise the vital role the bus sector plays in keeping communities connected and able to access key services.
That is why we are providing significant multiyear funding to local authorities, including more than £1 billion this financial year to support and improve local bus services and keep fares affordable, alongside the £15.6 billion we are providing for transport investment in our city regions across England.
This investment will support British manufacturing, including in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
The consultation on 400 jobs at Alexander Dennis closes tomorrow.
It has been a time of deep anxiety for the local workers.
The SNP’s ScotZEB2 scheme initially sent over three times as many buses to China as to Scotland’s sole manufacturer.
Although £40 million has now been made available by Transport Scotland, it must be spent correcting this SNP industrial failure.
What engagement have Ministers had with the Scottish Government regarding recently consulted-on procurement reforms and their potential benefit to the Scottish bus manufacturing and operation sectors in the long term?
I convened an extraordinary meeting of the UK bus manufacturing expert panel on  28 July , attended by the Scottish Cabinet Secretary for Transport, metro mayors and mayoral combined authorities, to accelerate the panel’s key priorities of establishing a bus order pipeline and strengthening local value within public sector procurement.
I will continue to work closely with the Scottish Government on the issue.
I know my hon.
Friend has worked absolutely tirelessly for his constituents in this area.
I thank the Minister for his answers.
The Bus Services (No.
2) Bill passed yesterday, with many of the good things that we all wish to see happening here in the mainland, especially improving the frequency of bus services and addressing social inclusion for those who cannot get buses.
Will the Minister share the good things that the Government are doing here with the relevant Minister in Northern Ireland, so that we in Northern Ireland can get some of the advantages that people have here?
I will continue to have active engagement through the interministerial group and will be delighted to share the excellent work this Government are doing to re-empower local areas and their bus services.
What steps she is taking to increase the availability of driving tests.
We are working hard to ensure that young people can book driving tests so that they can access opportunity in their local areas.
We are recruiting and training more driving examiners, doubling examiner training capacity and offering overtime payment incentives.