He raises an incredibly important matter, and it would be remiss of me not to give it the full attention it deserves, and therefore I will respond to his specific questions further in writing.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Can I start by welcoming my hon.
Friend  the Member for Selby (Keir Mather)  to my ministerial team?
I am really pleased to have him on board, and I am sure he is equally pleased to be facing oral questions on day four.
He is joining a great team that has achieved a lot over the summer as part of the Government’s plan for change.
The new electric car grant is putting money back in the pockets of drivers; 35 electric vehicle models, including from Ford, Nissan and Vauxhall, will see their prices slashed thanks to £650 million of Government investment.
Since its launch, the grant has already helped over 7,000 drivers to choose an EV.
We have announced a further £100 million in transport funding for local transport outside major cities in England, with uplifts for the north-west, Yorkshire and the Humber, and the midlands.
Public ownership is already improving our railways, with South Western more than doubling the number of new trains in service, and there is much more to come in the next few months.
We will publish the first road safety strategy in over a decade, as well as an integrated transport strategy for England, delivering better journeys that put people first, grow our economy and improve our day-to-day lives.
If my constituents pay £2 for a bus ticket one day, then £3 for a bus ticket the next, their fare has increased by 50%, not gone down, has it not?
The hon.
Gentleman seems to be suffering a case of amnesia because his party allocated absolutely zero money to fund the bus fare cap beyond December of last year.
I know how important affordable bus travel is to the British people, and this Government are determined to deliver it.
The Queensway Gateway roadworks have unleashed chaos on my constituents in Hastings and the surrounding area.
The project was originally planned to last one month, but has dragged on for more than a year because of the failure of East Sussex county council to plan for the relocation of a major water main.
Does the Minister share my concerns about the mismanagement of this taxpayer-funded project, and agree that serious questions must now be answered by the Conservative council?
I know that my hon.
Friend has raised this issue time and again with East Sussex county council.
The delay to the Queensway Gateway project has wreaked havoc for her constituents.
Given that the project was funded with Government money, serious questions must now be asked of East Sussex county council about these issues and the delays that have come about.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
When we next have transport questions, the Budget will be just days away, so can the Transport Secretary rule out any of the following—increased duty on fuel or flights, VAT on private hire, increasing the insurance premium tax or raising rail fares above inflation?
If she will not, has she at least spoken against any of these measures in Cabinet or to the Chancellor since she took up her role?
I know the importance of affordable public transport to people in Britain.
I know the importance of the fuel duty freeze that we brought in last year.
I assure the right hon.
Gentleman that I will have conversations across Government to protect businesses and the travelling public.
The cost of car insurance has gone through the roof in recent years, with quoted prices rising on average 82% since 2021.
Car insurance is an essential, not a luxury, so I welcome the Government’s commitment to tackle the spiralling costs for drivers in Derby and across the UK.