17.
Giving more powers to local councils does not always equate to communities having more of a say.
Can the Minister please explain what checks and balances are in place to ensure that, as we devolve powers, residents really are listened to?
I know the bus services in South Shields very well indeed, having been born there, and I know intimately from conversations with my family the struggles that my hon.
Friend’s constituents are having with bus services.
Our landmark Bus Services (No.
2) Bill will allow local leaders to take back control of bus services, and I am sure that Kim McGuinness, the Mayor of the North East, will be able to do just that.
Eastbourne district general hospital, where I was born, and the Hastings Conquest hospital are quite far apart.
On a good day, it takes 45 minutes to drive from one to the other, and two hours by bus.
More and more services are moving to the Hastings hospital, but we need better transport links, such as a shuttle bus, to make things seamless for patients.
Can the Minister meet me and local representatives to discuss how we could secure a shuttle bus service to Hastings hospital for our town?
This is why it is so important that the Government are handing local areas the power to design bus services around local needs.
I encourage the hon.
Gentleman to continue discussions with his local transport authority on doing just that.
The SNP in government has introduced free bus travel for under-22s, and last week, it scrapped peak  rail fares.
Those measures support access to employment opportunities, put more money in people’s pockets, and support local economies, especially in suburban and rural areas.
Will the Minister acknowledge those excellent measures for consumers in Scotland and consider their benefits for the rest of the UK?
We have the £3 bus fare cap in England, and we have committed to continuing that up to March next year.
We will continue to keep our support for bus fares under review for the future.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
As I am sure the Minister knows and agrees, improving bus services must include making them safer for women and girls.
Concerningly, sexual offences on the UK bus network have increased in recent years; for example, they increased by 13% on London buses in the first six months of this year.
What is his Department doing to ensure that women and girls feel safe using the bus network, and can he share with the House any more information on the work being led by the Confederation of Passenger Transport, which he alluded to in yesterday’s debate on the Bus Services (No.
2) Bill?
As I intimated in last night’s debate, the Bill requires local transport authorities and bus providers to give training to their staff.
They will also have the power to introduce byelaws in order to clamp down on antisocial behaviour, and violence against women and girls in particular.
On police officers being able to use buses for free across the country, I share the hon.
Gentleman’s ambition.
I have already commissioned work with the Confederation of Passenger Transport to explore how we could deliver that.
What steps she is taking to ensure that the transport system supports economic growth.
What steps she is taking to ensure that the transport system supports economic growth.
What steps she is taking to ensure that the transport system supports economic growth.
What steps she is taking to ensure that the transport system supports economic growth.
What steps she is taking to ensure that the transport system supports economic growth.
What steps she is taking to ensure that the transport system supports economic growth.
The Government confirmed over £92 billion of capital investment in transport infrastructure at the spending  review to drive economic growth and put more money in people’s pockets.