Many of them are still paying the price today.
A lot has changed in politics in the past 24 years.
One of the motivations that got me into public life was about the lack of accountability that we saw from senior Ministers when the Conservative party was in government, their failure to resign when scandals came up and the failure of Front Benchers to take action, so I welcome the swift action that this Government have taken now that new information has come to light.
Can the Minister assure us that lessons will be learned and that, if these things arise again, this Government will uphold the highest standards and take the action needed to protect public life?
I can absolutely assure my hon.
Friend of that, and this is decisive action.
He refers to the  11 September  attacks, and I think we all remember where we were on that fateful and tragic day.
That is why we remember the victims, particularly on the anniversary today.
May I just point out that it was as plain as day, after the exchanges between the Prime Minister and my right hon.
Friend the Leader of the Opposition yesterday, that Lord Mandelson could not possibly carry on in his role?
Why did the Prime Minister delay—or did he have to wait to be told what to do by Morgan McSweeney?
Who is going to be the new ambassador, and how quickly will the new ambassador be appointed at this absolutely critical time, when Russia is testing the defences of NATO countries and we are showing such a weak response?
The hon.
Gentleman, who I am sure has visited our embassy in Washington on many occasions, will know that we have an excellent and dedicated team there, as well of course in the Foreign Office in King Charles Street in London.
They are working on many aspects of that crucial security, defence and economic relationship.
We are working diligently in preparation for the state visit, and I commend them for that work.
The hon.
Gentleman asked about new information.
I have been very clear: in the light of the additional information and emails written by Lord Mandelson, the Prime Minister has asked the Foreign Secretary to withdraw him as ambassador.
I have gone into the particular items, and in the light of that, and mindful of the victims of Epstein’s crimes, Lord Mandelson has been withdrawn as ambassador with immediate effect.
The Prime Minister has acted swiftly and decisively.
What a contrast with the Conservative party.
I note that the shadow Foreign Secretary is not in her place today.
What happened when she broke the ministerial code?
The Conservatives promoted her.
Does the Minister agree that we will not take lectures on ethics from them?
I have been very clear that the Prime Minister has acted decisively on this matter and, in the light of that additional information, the Prime Minister asked the Foreign Secretary to withdraw Lord Mandelson as ambassador to Washington.
That is decisive action and that is responding to that information, and I have explained the reasons for it.
rose—
Order.
The hon.
Member for Camborne and Redruth (Perran Moon)  has just mentioned another Member.
I presume that he has contacted her to let her know that he was going to do so.
Is that the case?
No, Mr Speaker.
Please do not do that again.
We are meant to treat each other with respect.
This message is for all Members: if you are going to mention another Member, do them the courtesy of ensuring that they are first made aware of the fact.
On the Foreign Affairs Committee, we have seen the high calibre of career diplomats who usually take up the most senior ambassadorial appointments, so it is not obvious to me why the British ambassador to the United States was a former MP.