First, I thank the hon.
Lady and all other members of the Committee for their engagement in this report and for the way in which they approach the work of the Committee as a whole.
I may be slightly biased, but I really think they are quite excellent in the way they go about their business—I could not ask for a better membership.
What we saw at Dover was truly shocking.
We are still close enough to lunch that I am not going to give too many details, but the photographs that were provided to the Committee were truly horrendous.
The hon.
Lady suggests that the control points at Sevington and Bastion Point could be repurposed, which is an obvious solution.
The conditions in which the Port Health Authority workers operate were disgraceful: working in big sheds that we probably would not keep cattle in, with holes in the roof and pigeons flying around.
Meanwhile, just a few miles up the road, there are purpose-built facilities where workers would at least be able to change into their personal protective equipment and have proper showers at the end of the day.
I place on the record the Committee’s gratitude to, and my personal admiration of, Luzy Manzano and her team at the Dover Port Health Authority, who  have done a remarkable job and a significant public service in bringing this to the attention of the wider population.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps she is taking to improve passenger rail performance.
The previous Government’s neglect of the railways saw a decade of decline in passenger performance, but we are starting to see performance stabilise.
Passengers are responding to these improvements, and passenger numbers were up 7% last year.
We are now working with the rail industry on a performance restoration framework with five clear focus areas, including timetable resilience, staffing and keeping trains safely moving during disruptive events, to help restore the performance that passengers deserve.
I am sure I speak for all fellow MPs on the west coast main line who are regular commuters on Avanti when I say that having to plan our weeks around its appalling service and regular last-minute delays and cancellations is among the worst parts of the job.
My constituents—both those travelling north to Wigan and Cumbria and those travelling south to London—are fed up with the service, which affects their ability to work, visit family and travel for leisure.
What consideration has the Secretary of State given to reviewing whether Avanti has breached the terms of its franchise contract, and accelerating the process by which it can be brought into public ownership?
I am obviously sorry to hear about the issues that my hon.
Friend and her constituents experience when attempting to travel on Avanti West Coast.
I know how frustrating these issues can be, but let me reassure her that while performance has improved, officials continue to hold regular meetings with Avanti and Network Rail to try to resolve matters.
We have always been clear that we will transfer operations to public ownership when contracts end, rather than spending money on breaking contracts early.
We expect the transfers to have completed by the end of 2027.
Last week, London North Eastern Railway announced huge cuts to rail services from Berwick-upon-Tweed station, which serves not only the town of Berwick but my constituents in the Scottish Borders and North Northumberland.
The Government promised more trains, but this is the opposite.
LNER is now owned by the Government, so will the Secretary of State meet me and local residents, so that we can explain the impact that the cuts will have on local communities?
Passengers on LNER will benefit from the new December timetable, which will bring an overall improvement in reliability and capacity, but I would be very happy to ask the Rail Minister to speak to the hon.
Gentleman about the particular issues at Berwick-upon-Tweed.
I call the shadow Minister.