There is an exciting proposal for a Universal Studios resort in Bedford.
The resort is projected to attract 8 million people every year, and the development is a golden opportunity for modern transport planning.
What assurances can the Secretary of State give that in the infrastructure planning, public transport will be prioritised over road traffic, and that electric rail, buses, and walking and cycling solutions will be integral from the outset?
The scale and significance of the proposed Universal Studios development in Bedfordshire is huge, and its success will undoubtedly be dependent on modern, sustainable transport options.
We are committed to working very closely with Universal and the relevant local authorities as the development progresses to ensure that infrastructure planning prioritises public transport and active travel.
We are really determined to make the most of this fantastic growth opportunity.
This week, I visited Schneider Electric’s brand-new manufacturing facility in Scarborough, which will create 200 new jobs.
However, those opportunities are out of reach for so many of my constituents who rely on public transport.
What is my right hon.
Friend doing to ensure that poor transport in coastal communities like Scarborough and Whitby, which are untouched by city transport region funding, does not strangle economic growth?
I assure my hon.
Friend that we are committed to driving economic growth in all areas, not only the large city regions.
York and North Yorkshire combined authority will receive £94 million in local transport grant capital funding over the next four years, allowing local leaders to support schemes, including public transport schemes, that are in line with local priorities.
Given the scale of the disruption that Gravesham faces during the construction of the lower Thames crossing, what steps will the Secretary of State take to ensure that a new transport system there supports real jobs for local people and has wider economic benefit?
For example, reinstating the Tilbury-Gravesend ferry would strengthen business connections across the Thames.
My hon.
Friend will know that ferry services run on a private sector basis to meet local demand, and funding for local ferry services is a matter for local partners, including Thurrock council and Kent county council.
However, my officials are working with them to ensure that the public transport opportunities that the lower Thames crossing may create are exploited.
Economic growth is, of course, one of the stated aims of the High Speed 2 project, but the Secretary of State knows well that it has adverse effects on communities along the line of construction.
She knows also that those communities need to make plans for land that will be made available to them when construction is over  and HS2 no longer needs it.
At Transport questions on  27 March , I asked her about the land disposal strategy, which was by then long overdue.
Six months later, we still have not seen it.
Can she tell us when we will?
We have made some progress on the proposed eastern leg of HS2, which had been due to run up to Sheffield, but the previous Government cancelled it.
During the summer, I made announcements about sites on that part of the line.
I am aware that there are further issues in the Birmingham area, and with the section between Birmingham and Manchester.
I am keen to make progress, but we also need to make sure that we have sites available for the necessary development and construction.
My first priority is to get HS2 built at the lowest reasonable cost.
The A483 is critical to economic prosperity in mid-Wales and North Shropshire—it runs between Welshpool and Oswestry—but it has a huge accident blackspot at Llynclys in my constituency, which really holds up the traffic, and local people positively avoid the area.
Highways England has said that it is keen to improve that road.
Will the Secretary of State tell us the timetable for those works?
I understand the point that the hon.
Lady is making.