I would be grateful if the Secretary of State delegated an official or a Minister to meet me so that, as the five-year plan is constructed, there are no unreasonable constraints or misunderstandings over what is necessary to ensure that the railway is at the centre of economic growth in the south-west.
I am pleased to hear that the right hon.
Gentleman had a constructive meeting with the new South Western leadership.
I was clear with Lawrence Bowman when he took up the job that I wanted him to meet local MPs along the route to talk about quick wins to improve services.
I am very happy to ask officials from the Department for Transport to meet the right hon.
Gentleman to have the conversations he seeks.
Shadow Secretary of State, I welcome you to your new position.
Thank you very much indeed, Mr Speaker.
I also thank the Secretary of State for her welcome last night, and welcome the Under-Secretary of State for Transport,  the hon.
Member for Selby (Keir Mather)  to his new role.
I associate myself with the comments made by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Broadland and Fakenham (Jerome Mayhew)  regarding the assassination of Charlie Kirk yesterday.
He was a champion of freedom of speech and open debate, and I know hon.
Friends and Members from across the House all want to see politicians disagreeing well.
On the subject of disagreeing well, I will come to my questions.
Fundamental to economic growth is a functioning transport system, but faced with tax hikes and inflation-busting fare rises people will find the Secretary of  State’s comments difficult to believe—ASLEF strikes on CrossCountry, our capital city hammered with tube strikes and bus drivers striking tomorrow.
Next weekend, Manchester will see the biggest strikes in years, followed closely by strikes in Luton, Milton Keynes, Stevenage, Hemel Hempstead, Preston and even, Mr Speaker, Chorley.
Sir Sadiq Khan says that strikes in London are nothing to do with him.
The Department for Transport, Downing Street and the whole Labour Government say that they are nothing to do with them, despite many of the unions on strike being Labour’s multimillion pound funders.
So I ask the Transport Secretary, will anyone, anywhere in the Labour Government stand up for passengers facing an autumn of discontent?
Before the Secretary of State answers, I say to the right hon.
Gentleman that welcoming the shadow Secretary of State does not mean that he can then have an essay to portray one question! [
Laughter.]
Let me congratulate the right hon.
Gentleman on his appointment.
I know he has experience as a Transport Minister.
And, of course, he had extensive experience of travelling the length and breadth of the country before the last election searching for that rarest thing, a Tory safe seat. [
Laughter.]
On the substantive point, I of course recognise the frustration of the travelling public about strikes.
The Mayor of London is completely right to have called for the RMT—the National Union of Rail, Maritime and Transport Workers—to get back around the table with Transport for London to find a resolution to the dispute.
May I caution the right hon.
Gentleman, though?
He might wish not to adopt such an indignant tone, because when he was at the DFT there was a rail strike one day in every 10.
In fact, under the Tory Government, we saw the highest number of total strike days for any 19-month period since the 1980s.
Forgive me, I will not be taking any lectures from him on industrial relations.
I have obviously followed the Secretary of State’s lead; I believe she had a constituency once upon a time in south London, but now represents Swindon.
It is great to have that leadership there.
Growth requires investment, which Labour is cutting as it gives billions in no-strings-attached pay rises to train drivers.