indicated assent.
If he wishes to write to me with the specific details of those local issues, I will come back to him.
My constituents have been very vocal about their opposition to the LNER timetable changes from December, including the removal of the 8.22 am commuter service from Durham to Newcastle on weekdays.
LNER assured me that it would replace it with a similar service, but reports this week suggest that the service will now take an extra 10 minutes, arriving at 8.44.
That is not an equivalent service.
Will the Minister meet me and LNER to ensure that commuters leaving Durham are provided with an equivalent service?
My hon.
Friend is a great champion for her constituents.
I reviewed her correspondence with the Rail Minister over the summer and was aware that the 8.22 service had been reinstated, but I was not aware of the longer journey times.
I would be happy to meet her to discuss that further.
In response to a recent written parliamentary question, the Department confirmed that it is shelving improvements to Skelton junction outside York.
That will have an impact on the proposed improvements to rail services for commuters in Harrogate and Knaresborough.
How does that align with the Government’s vision for growth?
We are committed to improving rail connectivity and capacity in the north of England.
I would be happy to have a further conversation with the hon.
Gentleman about that scheme.
I call the Chair of the Transport Committee.
I, too, look forward to working with the Under-Secretary of State for Transport, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Selby (Keir Mather) , in his new role.
Last week, the Transport Committee heard that car clubs, peer-to-peer ride-sharing and car-sharing schemes align with Government objectives on transport integration, reducing congestion, increasing electric vehicle use and supporting residents in rural areas where public transport is poor.
Unlike France and other countries, the sector in the UK operates in a policy vacuum, particularly since the Government withdrew the car clubs toolkit guidance in May.
Is the Minister planning to address that policy vacuum?
My hon.
Friend is completely right, and I thank the Transport Committee for raising that important point.
I have commissioned officials to consider how we can support and promote the use of car club and car-sharing schemes, starting with a roundtable of industry stakeholders.
I would be delighted if she could attend.
I will ensure that that guidance is reinstated.
Hammersmith bridge closed six years, four months and 22 days ago, cutting off the bus routes and causing congestion in Putney.
I welcome the Under-Secretary of State for Transport, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wakefield and Rothwell (Simon Lightwood) , holding the first Hammersmith bridge taskforce meeting.
When will the next one be held?
I am very aware of the problems relating to Hammersmith bridge, and I know the Minister hosted that first meeting of the resurrected Hammersmith bridge taskforce.
I do have some good news for my hon.
Friend: we announced in the spending review a structures fund, to assist local authorities with repairs to bridges and tunnels that are beyond their financial capacity to fund.
We will set out the criteria for access to that fund in due course.
Half the bus sector’s funding now comes from public sources, but during the summer, National Express announced changes to bus services in my constituency with just two weeks’ public notice, which will have a really negative effect on residents in New Frankley, Allens Cross and Bournville Gardens Village retirement home.
Does the Minister agree that when regulation is brought in—which is welcome—consultation must be included?
I agree wholeheartedly.
It is really important that local people are engaged when designing a network and making changes to it.
The Liverpool city region Mayor, Steve Rotheram, has submitted a new town bid with Liverpool and Sefton councils, to regenerate the most deprived areas of the country.