This is huge turmoil ahead of that, and I cannot believe that the Government have put our monarch in this terrible position.
I am glad that Peter Mandelson has now gone.
The Foreign Secretary has said that protecting women, girls and victims is her priority; how on earth does that square with the behaviour of the Government over recent days, squirming and twisting to try to protect Peter Mandelson, rather than the victims?
To be clear, this is a Government in which we had a corruption Minister having to resign over links to corruption; a former police officer having to resign over having not been clear with the police; a housing Minister having to resign over not paying tax on a house; and now we have our ambassador to Washington in the middle of the biggest scandal in Washington.
This is a weak Prime Minister, with error after error of judgment.
The first thing that we all need to be clear on across this House is that the victims of Epstein are at the forefront of all our minds—I am sure the hon.
Gentleman will not disagree with that.
Epstein was a despicable criminal who committed the most heinous crimes and destroyed the lives of so many women and girls.
Obviously the hon.
Gentleman wrote his remarks before the events in the last few hours, but I reiterate what I said to him.
The emails show that the depth and extent of Lord Mandelson’s relationship with Jeffrey Epstein was materially different from that known at the time of his appointment; in particular, the suggestion that Jeffrey Epstein’s first conviction was wrongful and should be challenged is new information.
Lord Mandelson has resigned and that decision has been taken.
That is a very clear answer to the hon.
Gentleman’s questions.
I am sure I speak for the whole House in sending our best wishes to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Washington and Gateshead South (Mrs Hodgson)  on the appalling fire at her office overnight.
We send our very best wishes to her and her staff.
May I thank the Minister for his statement?
The Prime Minister has made exactly the right decision, and I think that has to be acknowledged.
He has moved at pace to put it right—[Interruption.]
Don’t be ridiculous.
Treat this seriously.
Order.
Please—this is very important.
A lot of people will be listening to what is going on in this Chamber, so let us give some courtesies to each other.
Clearly the appointment process did not pick up these issues; that is self-evident.
Can we have an assurance that there will be an inquiry into why that was not the case and that this House will be kept informed?
First, I was not aware of the terrible incident that my hon.
Friend refers to; I have just been informed of that this morning.
I am sure the thoughts of the whole House will be with my hon.
Friend  the Member for Washington and Gateshead South (Mrs Hodgson) .
I know how seriously you take the safety and security of Members of this House, Mr Speaker, particularly in the light of international events and the tragic loss of colleagues.
That underlines all the more why we must be able to go about democratic debate in this country, whatever our views, in a safe and secure way.
I thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Middlesbrough and Thornaby East (Andy McDonald)  for his comments on the decision.
As I said, the decision has been taken by the Prime Minister and the Foreign Secretary, and Lord Mandelson has resigned.
My hon.
Friend asked about the process.
Any candidates for ambassador positions are subject to routine, extensive vetting and background checks as a matter of course; I point him to the formal processes outlined in the diplomatic service code, which highlights the robust security clearance and vetting process that all members of the diplomatic service undergo.