I agree wholeheartedly.
It is really important that local people are engaged when designing a network and making changes to it.
The Liverpool city region Mayor, Steve Rotheram, has submitted a new town bid with Liverpool and Sefton councils, to regenerate the most deprived areas of the country.
Does the Minister agree that for new towns to succeed, there needs to be proper funding for integrated transport, and will he commit to working and meeting with the mayor and the politicians to make that happen?
I can assure my hon.
Friend that I have regular meetings with the Mayor of Liverpool city region.
I am completely cognisant of the fact that for new towns to be successful, thriving communities, they   need public transport built in from the start.
Indeed, there is capacity to almost create new towns in existing towns where public transport is already available.
Those are the sorts of conversations I am having with our regional mayors.
The A12 is a major transport route into Colchester and a vital part of economic growth in the region.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss the urgent need for upgrades to its western end?
I would be delighted.
Luton station is the gateway to Luton town centre, and thanks to this Labour Government, it will soon be getting lifts to all its platforms.
However, the roof still leaks.
Will the Minister meet me and representatives of Luton council to see what can be done with regard to the state of the station?
I will talk to the Rail Minister and ask him to meet my hon.
Friend.
We cannot have a leaking roof in Luton station.
The Padiham Greenway bridge has been closed since 2021.
In December last year, this Government gave £280,000 to Sustrans to get the work finished, but there is a shortfall.
The Government have given £19 million to Lancashire county council through the active travel fund and the capability fund to get this project online.
Does the Minister agree that Lancashire county council should prioritise this and get it done?
I thank him for his extensive correspondence with me on this topic.
I know my hon.
Friend is a very active campaigner in this area.
I would be delighted to meet him to discuss what further pressure we can apply to ensure this project is delivered.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
You will be aware of the mistakes made during the counting of votes yesterday.
Are you able to give some guidance to those on the Treasury Bench on the importance of the work of the Whips?
Divisions are a core part of our business in the Chamber, and the accurate recording of votes is integral to parliamentary decision making.
I appreciate that there have been major changes in the Whips Office, and things have to be delivered in these new roles.
I know the House team will work with the Whips to make sure we get accurate results.
I met the Chief Whip this morning and explained the concerns that were raised with me following last night, through the Deputy Speakers.
We do take this seriously.
My door remains open for the Chief Whip, and I hope he will use that avenue as a way for us to work together.
It is unfortunate that I have not had that conversation until this morning.
I will leave it at that.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Foreign Secretary if she will make a statement on the process for the appointment of the United Kingdom’s ambassador to the United States.
Before I respond to the question, it is important that as a House we all recognise that today is the anniversary of the  11 September  attacks.
Many of us will attend commemorations later, and our thoughts are with all the thousands of people who lost their lives in that despicable terrorist attack, including many British and American citizens, as well as those from many other countries.