Will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss how we can make even more progress by providing that vital certainty to industry transitioning away from a fossil fuel-based transport system and ultimately saving drivers across the UK thousands of pounds?
I would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend, who—as chair of the all-party parliamentary group on electric vehicles—has great expertise in this area.
It is right to acknowledge that the motor industry has faced unprecedented challenges in the last 12 months, so it was right that we responded proportionately by extending the flexibilities in the zero emission vehicle mandate.
But we have also given certainty back to the industry and consumers with the reinstatement of the 2030 phase-out date.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to update regulations on the use of micromobility vehicles.
Shared e-scooter schemes can provide a great way to get around, but the scooters can pose a nuisance for other people, so we need to ensure that their roll-out is both safe and properly regulated.
We have extended e-scooter trials until May 2028 to allow local authorities to test how the technology works.
We have also committed to pursuing legislation, when parliamentary time allows, for the full regulation of micromobility in order to create a safe shared-use network where they work for all people.
I declare an interest as chair of the all-party parliamentary group for wheelchair users.
Does the Minister accept that a wheelchair, whether manual or with power, is a medical device that enables disabled people to maximise their independence and live the life they choose?
Does he therefore agree that the terminology of “invalid carriages” in the legislation is discriminatory and outdated and that the regulations on the use of micromobility vehicles require updating urgently?
I share my hon.
Friend’s view that the term “invalid carriages” in the existing legislation is outdated and no longer reflects modern attitudes or needs.
This Government are committed to ensuring that disabled people have the same freedom to travel as everyone else and we recognise that mobility devices are vital for many.
That is why we are reviewing the legal frameworks surrounding mobility devices, including the outdated terminology, and we will consult on that in due course.
What recent assessment she has made of the adequacy of passenger rail infrastructure.
Good rail infrastructure supports reliable services and economic growth, and is a central part of this Government’s growth mission.
In July, I set out my priority for improvements to the rail network as part of giving the green light to over 50 road and rail upgrades, supporting over 39,000 new homes and 42,000 jobs.
That included plans for stations at Cullompton in the hon.
Member’s constituency, and in Wellington.
Rail travellers are used to the excuse of leaves on the line, but travellers on the railway between Exeter and London Waterloo have recently encountered a new one: soil moisture deficit.
Dualling the line on a three-mile section of the track near Whimple could give passengers travelling on the west of England line two trains per hour.
Will the Minister please look favourably at that modest investment, which would improve frequency, reliability and resilience for one of the two main rail routes into the south-west?
I understand the frustration of the travelling public.
We experienced a particularly dry summer this year and Network Rail had made preparations  to deal with that, but I recognise that “dry soil” is as frustrating as “leaves on the line”.
I will certainly look into the specific scheme that the hon.
Gentleman suggests and I am happy to write to him with more information on that.
On  28 September , the historic Boulby line in my constituency will be reopened for passengers to celebrate 200 years of passenger rail.
Yet I believe the line ought to be open permanently so people can access jobs and opportunities.