Gentleman that I will have conversations across Government to protect businesses and the travelling public.
The cost of car insurance has gone through the roof in recent years, with quoted prices rising on average 82% since 2021.
Car insurance is an essential, not a luxury, so I welcome the Government’s commitment to tackle the spiralling costs for drivers in Derby and across the UK.
Will the Secretary of State provide an update on what progress her taskforce is making to get a fair deal for drivers when it comes to car insurance?
This Government committed in our manifesto to tackle the high cost of motor insurance, and I am pleased to see recent data suggesting that average premiums are falling.
The Government’s taskforce, chaired by the Department for Transport and His Majesty’s Treasury, continues to work to identify short and long- term policy actions that may contribute to stabilising or reducing premiums.
Rail commuters in St Neots face a rise of nearly £400 for an annual season ticket to London next year, paying over £7,000 for the first time for services plagued by delays and cancellations.
How does the Secretary of State justify that policy to my constituents?
I know that affordability is a top concern for people when it comes to rail.
No decisions have been made on next year’s rail fares, but our aim is that prices will balance affordability for travellers with what is fair for taxpayers.
Penrith and the surrounding villages have endured a summer of gridlock, with junction 40 on the M6 repeatedly grinding to a halt, particularly when peak holiday traffic is heading to Cumbria and the lakes.
While we await the vital A66 trans-Pennine upgrade, for which we are all grateful, will the Minister agree to meet me to discuss urgent short-term interventions that National Highways can implement to ease the pressure for my constituents?
I sympathise with those suffering in congestion at junction 40 of the M6, which I am told is due to various issues.
I know my hon.
Friend and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Carlisle (Ms Minns)  have been working hard to resolve those issues for their constituents.
I am happy to arrange a meeting to discuss any future short-term interventions that could ease congestion with either me or my team or with National Highways.
With increasing e-scooter usage, a small number of people are increasingly conducting antisocial behaviour while riding around on these micromobility vehicles.
That is of great concern to my constituents, and I am particularly concerned that there is no minimum age requirement for the purchase of an e-scooter and no national registration scheme that could help track those using them for nefarious activities.
Have the Government got any plans to introduce a national registration scheme for e-scooters?
As I mentioned earlier, the Government are determined to bring, and have every intention of bringing, about legislation on e-scooters.
All that will be taken into account in the development of the policy.
The £1 billion regeneration scheme at Station Hill in Reading is bringing large numbers of jobs and new housing to Reading town centre, and that is due to the Elizabeth line.
Will the Minister update the House on the benefits of this wonderful railway line, both to Berkshire and across the country?
Like my hon.
Friend, I am a big fan of the Elizabeth line, and I commend him for his dogged support of the scheme on his constituents’ behalf.
It is a significant addition to the transport network in London and the south-east, and it has had tangible positive impacts on the supply chain around the country, as well as providing faster journeys into and across London from Reading.
I was proud to have personally helped deliver this new railway in my previous role in London, and to see that it has now supported around 55,000 full-time jobs, as well as creating over 1,000 apprenticeship opportunities.