(Urgent Question): To ask the Foreign Secretary if she will make a statement on the process for the appointment of the United Kingdom’s ambassador to the United States.
Before I respond to the question, it is important that as a House we all recognise that today is the anniversary of the  11 September  attacks.
Many of us will attend commemorations later, and our thoughts are with all the thousands of people who lost their lives in that despicable terrorist attack, including many British and American citizens, as well as those from many other countries.
The whole House’s condolences and thoughts will also be with the family and friends of Charlie Kirk— it was an absolutely appalling attack and murder yesterday.
In this House, as we sit under the two shields commemorating our dear colleagues from across the political spectrum, we know too well the terrible consequences of political violence.
I know that the whole House will be thinking of Charlie’s family, friends and others, and urging an end to that sort of political violence, which is absolutely appalling.
In light of additional information in emails written by Peter Mandelson, the Prime Minister has asked the Foreign Secretary to withdraw him as ambassador to the United States.
The emails show that the depth and extent of Lord Mandelson’s relationship with Jeffrey Epstein is materially different from that known at the time of his appointment.
In particular, Lord Mandelson’s suggestion that Jeffrey Epstein’s first conviction was wrongful and should be challenged is new information.
In the light of that and mindful, as we all are, of the victims of Epstein’s appalling crimes, Lord Mandelson has been withdrawn as ambassador with immediate effect.
Mr Speaker, I thank you for granting this urgent question, and I agree with the words of the Minister about  11 September  and Charlie Kirk.
This is yet another extraordinary error of judgment by this weak Prime Minister.
I pay tribute to the Leader of the Opposition for yesterday securing justice for the victims of Epstein.
This raises massive questions.
It is not just that Peter Mandelson was Epstein’s “best pal” and said that he loved him, or that he brokered a deal for him while he was Business Secretary, but that, as we now know, he was working for Epstein’s early release after Epstein was convicted.
The simple question is this: is the Minister now saying that the Prime Minister did not know about any of that at the point when Lord Mandelson was appointed?
The Minister should not say that the boxes were ticked and the process followed—what did the Prime Minister know at the point of Lord Mandelson’s appointment?
The Minister said this morning that his understanding was that all the information was present—is that correct?
Did the Prime Minister know?
Will the Government now publish all the documents relating to Peter Mandelson’s  vetting?
If the Minister says that the Prime Minister did not know at the time, when did he become aware of the revelations?
Peter Mandelson quietly stayed at Epstein’s house while Epstein was in prison.
Mandelson now says that he was wrong to think that Epstein was innocent.
That is his defence—but Epstein had pleaded guilty.
There are huge questions here.
Did the US State Department give any warnings to our Government ahead of this appointment?
Did the Prime Minister’s chief of staff, Sue Gray, give any warning?
Have any employees of Global Counsel visited our Washington embassy since Peter Mandelson’s appointment?
Next week will be the state visit.
This is huge turmoil ahead of that, and I cannot believe that the Government have put our monarch in this terrible position.
I am glad that Peter Mandelson has now gone.
The Foreign Secretary has said that protecting women, girls and victims is her priority; how on earth does that square with the behaviour of the Government over recent days, squirming and twisting to try to protect Peter Mandelson, rather than the victims?