Friend that there is an excellent team in British embassy Washington.
I call the Father of the House.
Obviously this is a very sad day for the United States, with 9/11 and the assassination last night.
Our relationship with the United States is crucial, and there is a dark cloud over the upcoming state visit, so will the Minister forgive me if I give him some gentle advice?
In my experience of such scandals, the cover-up, the lack of due process and allegations of cronyism are much more serious than any original offence, or alleged offence.
Will he ensure that every single document about the process is released post haste, including about the meeting that Mandelson requested with Prime Minister Blair over Epstein?
We need everything released straightaway, and we need to move on and get a new ambassador.
The right hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right about the importance of our relationship with the United States.
The upcoming state visit is very important, and we have an extensive team working on it.
His Majesty the King is obviously very much looking forward to welcoming President Trump, and many, many officials are working diligently day and night to ensure the visit is a success.
I will not get into the individual issues and claims that the right hon.
Gentleman makes, but what I will say is that this is a decisive action.
In the light of the additional information in emails written by Lord Mandelson, the Prime Minister has asked the Foreign Secretary to withdraw him as ambassador.
I would also like to offer my support to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Washington and Gateshead South (Mrs Hodgson) .
That incident follows a number of others that she has experienced this week.
It is out of order.
I thank the Minister for his statement, and I am really pleased that Lord Mandelson has been sacked, but I would like to know what due diligence was undertaken prior to his appointment.
Everybody knew about his relationship with Epstein before it.
As I have made very clear, it was in the light of additional information and emails written by Lord Mandelson that the Prime Minister asked the Foreign Secretary to withdraw him as ambassador.
In particular, Lord Mandelson’s suggestion that Jeffrey Epstein’s first conviction was wrongful and should be challenged is new information.
I know my hon.
Friend well, and I know that her thoughts and the thoughts of us all will be with the victims of Epstein’s appalling crimes.
The House needs to understand the sheer size of the failure of the vetting process here.
It is in the public domain that Peter Mandelson had to resign for not telling the truth about an interest-free loan, and that he had to resign on a second occasion because he had helped a business friend to get a passport.
Beyond that, there are still unresolved doubts about his behaviour as the European Trade Commissioner, when he gave concessions to the Russians, which helped his other dubious close friend, Mr Deripaska.
On the positive vetting process for when Peter Mandelson came to be a Minister again in 2010, section 3.1 of the ministerial code says:
“Ministers…must ensure that no conflict arises, or could reasonably be perceived to arise, between their public duties and their private interests, financial or otherwise.”
Secretaries of State do not have private diaries.
He spent time in Mr Epstein flat, it seems quietly meeting other people involved in the Sempra deal.
That cannot be seen as following his proper duties as Secretary of State.
It was in the Government documents—it does not have to be a private email.
Was that investigated, and was a judgment made on it?
The right hon.
Gentleman asks specifically about vetting.
As I have said, all candidates for ambassador positions are subject to routine, extensive vetting and background checks as a matter of course.