What steps she is taking to ensure that the transport system supports economic growth.
What steps she is taking to ensure that the transport system supports economic growth.
The Government confirmed over £92 billion of capital investment in transport infrastructure at the spending  review to drive economic growth and put more money in people’s pockets.
That includes £24 billion to improve roads, £15 billion in long-term funding for our largest city regions and £2 billion for local transport, boosting growth in towns, cities and regions across the country.
Taxis are an essential part of Blackpool’s transport network, yet the licensing scheme is failing both passengers and our local economy.
Vehicles licensed outside the area continue to operate in Blackpool, undermining passenger safety, costing our publicly owned bus company nearly £1.5 million, and holding back wider economic growth.
Will the Minister commit to urgently reforming the licensing scheme, so that vehicles and drivers licensed locally can operate in Blackpool, ensuring that public safety is protected and that vital taxi revenue supports our local economy?
Following the sobering recommendations of Baroness Louise Casey in her review on child sexual exploitation, this Government are more committed than ever to tackling this issue.
We have committed to legislating to address inconsistency in driver licensing, and we are considering all options, including on out-of-area working, national standards and better enforcement, to ensure the best overall outcomes for passenger safety.
I am a member of a parliamentary group on the Gatwick diamond growth area, and it is clear that expanding Gatwick airport gives huge potential for economic growth across the south-east and Croydon.
Plans to upgrade Norwood Junction station, in my constituency, with a lift were shelved when plans to make wider improvements to capacity on the Brighton main line were scrapped by the previous Government.
What consideration has the Secretary of State given to ensuring that there is enough capacity on our railways to support the projected growth of Gatwick, and how will she ensure that stations like Norwood Junction receive the investment that they need, so that communities like mine can feel the tangible benefits of growth?
I was pleased to meet my hon.
Friend in the summer to discuss this issue, and she is right to say that the previous Government cancelled plans to upgrade the Brighton main line.
I can assure her that my officials are in regular discussion with Network Rail on opportunities to improve services and ease congestion in the Croydon area.
I can also report that the recently completed upgrades to the station at Gatwick airport, and to track configuration in the Gatwick area, have significantly improved performance and journey times on the Brighton main line.
Pembrokeshire is a beautiful county with huge potential for growth.
Improved rail connectivity and more frequent services would bring significant benefits to our local economy, including by boosting tourism and expanding employment opportunities.
How is the Secretary of State working with our Welsh Labour Government to enhance rail links for rural communities like mine in Mid and South Pembrokeshire?
My hon.
Friend is a great champion of the communities he represents, and I can assure him that the Government are investing in Wales’s future to drive economic growth.
We continue to work with the  Welsh Government, through the Wales Rail Board, to ensure that the benefit of our £445 million investment in rail, announced at the spending review, is delivered right across the nation, including in Pembrokeshire.
There is an exciting proposal for a Universal Studios resort in Bedford.
The resort is projected to attract 8 million people every year, and the development is a golden opportunity for modern transport planning.
What assurances can the Secretary of State give that in the infrastructure planning, public transport will be prioritised over road traffic, and that electric rail, buses, and walking and cycling solutions will be integral from the outset?