Will the Minister assure us that any enforcement powers will be extended to local authorities, not just the police, in order to make any regulations effective?
Alongside that, will he reassure us that local authorities will have the power to make exceptions in areas where such restrictions would be impractical, as is the case in many streets in my Horsham constituency?
We of course continue to engage actively with local authorities in the development of this policy.
Local authorities already have the power to restrict pavement parking wherever there is a need by introducing traffic regulation orders, and we are exploring additional measures to help them to tackle the issue.
On Sunnyside Avenue in Tunstall in my Stoke-on-Trent North and Kidsgrove constituency, a particular issue with pavement parking occurs outside Mill Hill primary academy, where cars dangerously mount kerbs.
Will the Minister please outline what more can be done to keep our kids safe around our schools?
I encourage my hon.
Friend to engage with his local authority to explore whether a TRO, as I mentioned in response to the previous question, would be appropriate in that instance.
What steps her Department is taking to support local authorities to implement major transport schemes.
The Government are investing an unprecedented £15.6 billion in local transport across our city regions, including £1.5 billion for South Yorkshire and £2.1 billion for West Yorkshire, to support the delivery of transport  schemes across the region.
We have also confirmed £2.3 billion for the local transport grant over the spending review period for improvements in places outside major city regions, including to support more zero emission buses, cycleways and congestion improvement measures.
I welcome the Department’s recognition of the positive impact that the Penistone line rail upgrade will have, boosting economic growth, improving connectivity and supporting ambitions for half-hourly services between Huddersfield and Sheffield.
This is a clear example of what can be achieved when Labour leads at every level—council, mayor and MP.
What further support can the Secretary of State’s Department offer when it comes to securing the next phase of this vital project to ensure a frequent and reliable service across the entirety of the Penistone line?
I have a meeting soon to discuss the matter with my hon.
Friend’s constituency neighbour, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Penistone and Stocksbridge (Dr Tidball) .
I would be happy for him to join that meeting.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help support people to use electric vehicles.
The Government are committed to making Britain a clean energy superpower, which is why we are investing £4.5 billion to support the transition to electric vehicles.
That includes £1.4 billion to support the continued uptake of EVs through targeted grants, with 35 models now eligible for discounts of up to £3,750 through our electric car grant.
To make charging up an electric car as easy as filling up at the petrol station, we are also supporting the roll-out of 100,000 more public charging points, building on the 84,000 already available.
I call Perran Moon.
Meur ras ha myttin da, Mr Speaker.
I declare an interest as chair of the electric vehicle all-party parliamentary group.
In the year to date, one in five new car registrations has been an electric vehicle, with the sale of new EVs up 27%.
Demand is rising thanks in part to the Government’s proactive commitments to reducing transport emissions.
Will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss how we can make even more progress by providing that vital certainty to industry transitioning away from a fossil fuel-based transport system and ultimately saving drivers across the UK thousands of pounds?
I would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend, who—as chair of the all-party parliamentary group on electric vehicles—has great expertise in this area.