Will the Secretary of State tell us the timetable for those works?
I understand the point that the hon.
Lady is making.
If I may, I will write to her with details about that junction on the A483.
The announcement by the Secretary of State of the investment in the M54-M6 link road was very much welcomed, but a number of local businesses, including Hollies farm shop and Cate’s Cakes, will potentially be impacted, as people may not be able to access them during construction.
Will the Secretary of State arrange for one of her senior officials to meet me and a number of local businesses to discuss how these issues can best be mitigated?
I was very pleased that the Chancellor announced in the spending review that we would move ahead with the M54-M6 link road.
As the then Roads Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Nottingham South (Lilian Greenwood) , has said, that was a “no-brainer”.
I would be very happy to ask my officials to meet the right hon.
Gentleman to discuss support for local businesses during construction.
Junction 10 of the M5 on the edge of my constituency is a key piece of transport infrastructure that can unlock growth, thousands of new jobs—it is adjacent to GCHQ, and so can support national cyber-security and intelligence work—and housing growth, which the Government have made a key priority.
As a result of delays, there is a huge funding gap, amounting to about £70 million.
Can Ministers have a word with their colleagues at Homes England and the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government to work out how that gap can be fixed, so that we can deliver those new homes, which are much needed, and the jobs too?
I would be very happy to have those discussions across Government.
I believe the local authority met recently to consider whether it could provide any support to fill the funding gap and, potentially, secure developer contributions towards that scheme.
Previous Conservative Governments were committed to repairing the railway line at Dawlish, which is vital to Devon and Cornwall’s economic growth, yet this Labour Government have said that they will complete the rail resilience programme only if and when survey work shows that it is needed.
Given the likelihood that the Treasury’s emergency fund will have been spent on public sector pay increases, can the Secretary of State guarantee that funding will be found for resilience works, if they have not been planned and committed to as part of a fiscal event, should an unexpected incident or landslip take out the line at Dawlish?
We are still funding drainage works and survey work on the Dawlish line.
Four phases of work have already been completed.
The cliffs are much more resilient than they were a number of years ago, when we experienced catastrophic failure.
We have paused funding, but we will continue to keep under review the information that comes back from the survey so that we can continue to provide a reliable and resilient service for people in the south-west.
On Friday, I had the privilege of meeting Lawrence Bowman, the new chief executive of South Western Railway, who brings with him over 20 years of experience in the industry.
We travelled from Salisbury to Tisbury.
He says that he has to write a five-year plan.
I am keen to ensure that that has the maximum impact and deals with the Tisbury loop.
Salisbury is on the gateway to the south-west.
I would be grateful if the Secretary of State delegated an official or a Minister to meet me so that, as the five-year plan is constructed, there are no unreasonable constraints or misunderstandings over what is necessary to ensure that the railway is at the centre of economic growth in the south-west.
I am pleased to hear that the right hon.
Gentleman had a constructive meeting with the new South Western leadership.