That is why I am proud to serve as part of a Government who are introducing the biggest advance in workers’ rights for a generation.
The town of Carlton was once home to a thriving textile industry, and is famous for its brickworks, as well as being home to the late, great actor Richard Beckinsale.
It is now primarily residential, as is the smaller railway town of Netherfield, the beautiful village of Colwick and the bustling high-street community of Mapperley and Porchester.
Gedling is also home to several picturesque villages that form part of rural Nottinghamshire: Burton Joyce, Stoke Bardolph, Lambley, Woodborough and the former mining village of Bestwood, where the original 1876 Victorian winding engine house still stands in its full glory, thanks to the work of the winding engine house volunteer group and Friends of Bestwood Country Park.
At the heart of the constituency is the historical village from which the constituency took its name: Gedling.
It is home to All Hallows church, whose beautiful spire was an inspiration to one of the architects of this Palace, Augustus Pugin.
All Hallows stands proudly in the landscape of its surroundings and at the foot of the former Gedling colliery.
Gedling colliery was one of the most important collieries in Nottinghamshire, and was known as the pit of nations in honour of its diverse workforce, including from the Windrush generation.
It was there that my grandad served as a coal miner.
I still remember the tear in his eye when, on the 25th anniversary of the colliery’s closure, I accompanied him and his fellow former coal miners on a visit to Gedling country park, which now stands in the place of the colliery, and which I was proud to play a part in creating as deputy leader of Gedling borough council.
The miners of our past powered this country’s future.
We owe them an  eternal debt of gratitude.
That is why I am so proud be part of a Government who are finally ending the miners’ pension injustice.
My family have lived in Gedling for generations.
They mean everything to me.
I grew up in a home where hard work, respect, playing by the rules and honesty meant everything.
Those are values that matter to most families, and they are the values that will guide me during my time in this place.
Growing up as the son of a mechanic, watching my dad work hard at three jobs just to keep a roof over my head and pay the bills, I learned the meaning of hard work and the true meaning of family.
Growing up watching my grandad and nana spend many years raising much-needed funds for Derrymount school—a school for children with special educational needs and disabilities—I learned the meaning of compassion and never looking down on anyone.
Growing up as the son of a mum who went without so that I could be the first in my family to go to university, I learned the meaning of true love and selflessness.
My politics and beliefs are important to me, but, like millions of other people across this country, nothing is more important to me than my family.
It is for that reason that making this maiden speech has not been easy.
There are two people I desperately wish were watching from the Public Gallery today: John Herbert Waplington and Joan Edna Waplington—my grandad and my nana.
Their love and compassion, and the values that they and my parents taught me, are the reason I am who I am today.
They are the reason I believe in helping others.
My nana and grandad were so proud to see me elected to serve my home community on Gedling borough council in May 2011, and they would have been even prouder to see me elected to this place to serve our home community.