We all know that general practice is under enormous pressure, and that will be a big part of this Government’s agenda.
I reassure my hon.
Friend that our view is that there should be patient choice, patient control and different courses for different horses.
I value online and over-the-phone appointments, but they will not be right for everyone on every occasion.
Patients should have a voice and a say.
I recently met a GP who was in the market to hire a new seven to eight session GP to meet demand.
Following the Budget and the increase in national insurance contributions for employers, he can now only afford a three to four session GP.
What advice does the Secretary of State have for my friend the GP?
I would say to GPs who are thinking about staffing for the next financial year that they should hold tight and wait for funding allocations shortly, so that they can make informed decisions about staffing and care for patients.
On the doorstep in Bristol North East, people regularly talk to me about the difficulties they have getting a GP appointment.
Will the Minister assure primary care services in my constituency, such as Kingswood health centre, that the Budget will help them and marks the first steps in transforming our NHS?
We have pledged to bring back the family doctor, and we have already invested an additional £82 million in the additional roles reimbursement scheme to recruit 1,000 more newly qualified GPs in 2024-25.
We are also committed to fixing the front door of the NHS, for example through £100 million of capital funding that was announced in the Budget.
We are fully aware of the pressures, and we will set out further details on funding allocations for next year in due course.
Will the Secretary of State give a clear date by which QR codes will be incorporated into the NHS app at the point of care, thereby making the process faster and safer, as was highlighted to me by Dr Steve Bright at the Windrush health centre in Witney?
I might resist the invitation to give a specific date today, but the hon.
Gentleman makes a valuable point about the ease of use of the NHS app, and I will write to him further on that point.
Usher syndrome is a rare inherited disease that can lead to both deafness and blindness.
As chair of the Usher syndrome all-party parliamentary group, I have met many of those who suffer from Usher   syndrome.
What assessment has the Department made of the adequacy of support for those suffering from Usher syndrome and their family members?
The UK rare diseases framework aims to improve the lives of people living with all rare diseases.
I am more than prepared to meet my hon.
Friend to look at the adequacy of support available to people with Usher syndrome.
Last Friday, I met GPs at the Fairhill medical practice in north Kingston in my constituency.
They have told me that the increase in national insurance contributions will add £50,000 a year to their costs.
Can the Secretary of State tell me whether GPs can expect to see an across-the-board cut in the NICs payable by GPs to help them manage to continue delivering services for families in the area?
We have not yet announced allocations for general practice for the year ahead, and we are taking into account all the pressures that general practice is under.
The renewed focus on prevention in our health system is welcome, but under the previous Government, the public health grant that facilitates much of that work was cut by 28%.
Has the Minister, in partnership with the Treasury, considered when we might be able to address that public health funding issue, which is essential to enabling progress in prevention?
We will confirm the 2025-26 local authority public health grant allocations in due course.