I seek your guidance about how this House can obtain answers from the Government, particularly the Department of Health and Social Care.
On Budget day I tabled a question asking what the changes to national insurance contributions would cost the NHS both directly and indirectly.
On  4 November  I got a holding answer, and on  11 November  I was given an answer that did not answer the question.
On  8 November  I tabled a question to break it down into small pieces.
Last night I received yet another holding answer.
We have had very little clarity from the Minister this morning.
Are we truly supposed to believe that, three weeks after their own Budget, which the Government took almost four months to prepare, they do not know or cannot quantify its effects? [
Interruption.]
Surely, it is a discourtesy not to provide the House with an answer to a written question, and incompetent not to know the answers—
Order.
First of all, a point of order is meant to be short.
And I remind Members who are joining in that I do not need any help.
Could you please advise me, Mr Speaker, on how to get to the truth, so that this House and my constituents can understand the magnitude of the effect of these national insurance contribution changes on the NHS?
All hon.
Members on all sides of the House are entitled to answers.
I am sure that Government Members have heard what has been said about the failure to answer within time, and I am sure that it will be rectified.
We will leave the point of order at that.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs if he will make a statement on the Government’s response to the jailing of pro-democracy activists in Hong Kong.
I thank the right hon.
Member for her question on this important matter, and I welcome her to her new role.
It is a real pleasure to be across the Chamber from her this morning.
I am glad to reassure the right hon.
Lady that my colleague the Minister for the Indo-Pacific, the Under-Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Hornsey and Friern Barnet (Catherine West) , has issued a statement on the verdict.
She makes clear that China’s imposition of the national security law in Hong Kong has eroded the rights and freedoms of Hongkongers.
She makes clear that the sentencing decision was a clear demonstration of the Hong Kong authority’s use of the NSL to criminalise political dissent.
As she says, the so-called NSL45 were guilty only of exercising their rights as guaranteed under the international covenant on civil and political rights and basic law, and of exercising their right to freedom of speech, assembly and political participation.
China’s imposition of the NSL in Hong Kong has eroded the rights and freedoms of Hongkongers, and the UK Government will always stand up for the people of Hong Kong.
The jailing of 45 pro-democracy campaigners in Hong Kong under the draconian national security law is appalling.
It is a serious blow to freedoms in Hong Kong.
The harsh application of this disturbing law to suppress people in Hong Kong cannot go unanswered.
In government, my party consistently championed for that law to be repealed, and we gave safe routes for British nationals overseas in need of protection.
I am proud to have established that scheme as the then Home Secretary.
We also published reports twice a year on the situation in Hong Kong to raise our grave concerns about the erosion of freedoms with the Chinese authorities and at the United Nations.
Yesterday, the Prime Minister met President Xi and said he wanted a respectful relationship where both countries tried to avoid surprises.
He even confirmed that he had called in the application for the new Chinese embassy.