Their love and compassion, and the values that they and my parents taught me, are the reason I am who I am today.
They are the reason I believe in helping others.
My nana and grandad were so proud to see me elected to serve my home community on Gedling borough council in May 2011, and they would have been even prouder to see me elected to this place to serve our home community.
It is true that love really is the greatest gift that one generation can leave to another, and I am forever blessed to have been loved by them both.
Gedling is full of people with compassion and a desire to serve others.
I have had the privilege of meeting so many of them over the years.
Helen Lloyd and the volunteers at Arnold food bank; Tina Simpson and the team at Netherfield St George’s Centre; Nathan Kenney and Mapperley All Stars; Joel Baldry and the team at the Ark in Gedling; the Friends of Gedling Country Park; Daybrook bowls club, which is celebrating its centenary this year; the wonderful musicians of Burton Joyce community brass, and many more extraordinary people and groups, make Gedling such a wonderful community.
Gedling is also home to brilliant schools with inspirational teachers and staff.
I spent many happy years at Richard Bonington primary school and Redhill comprehensive school.
Like so many others across the country, I owe so much to my teachers for their encouragement, support and inspiration.
Being elected to serve my home town in this place was the second greatest moment of my life.
The first was marrying my husband, Kyle Robinson-Payne, on  1 July 2022 .
I am delighted that he is in the Public Gallery today, just as he has been with me on every step of my journey to this place.
We live in a world where far too many people continue to be persecuted for who they are and who they love.
For as long as I am in this place, I will use this platform to speak up for them and their rights.
As our much-missed and beautiful friend Jo Cox taught us, whatever our differences, we always have so much more in common than that which divides us.
Before we begin today’s proceedings, I know the House will wish to join me in acknowledging that today marks 1,000 days since Russia launched its attack on Ukraine.
We can be proud of the fact that this House has continued to stand with the people of Ukraine, who are fighting and dying for the ideals that underpin a peaceful, prosperous, stable and democratic world.
The whole world is paying the cost of Russia’s aggression but would pay even more if we stood by and allowed it to succeed.
Our thoughts today are with the people of Ukraine, as well as with our colleagues in the Ukrainian Parliament.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of patient access to primary care services.
What assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of patient access to primary care services.
What assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of patient access to primary care services.
Mr Speaker, I associate myself with your remarks about the war in Ukraine.
I know the whole House stands with Ukraine as it defends its freedom and democracy.
This is precisely why the Prime Minister’s leadership at the G20, and in other international fora, is vital in standing up not just for our national interests but for our values across the world.
Over the past decade, the Conservatives’ mismanagement has left the NHS with 1,400 fewer full-time equivalent GPs than in 2015, hundreds of practice closures, the loss of over 1,000 community pharmacies, and NHS dentistry a distant memory, which is why this Government took immediate action to employ 1,000 more GPs.