Friend for her question.
It is thanks to the people of Scotland sending 37 Labour Members of Parliament here at the last election—not only have they shown that they value the NHS and are demanding change, but they voted for change—that we are now delivering that change through the Budget.
I say to Scottish Government Ministers that, as they know, I said before the election that all roads lead to Westminster and that we all suffered under the Conservative Government, but this year that road is carrying an extra £1.5 billion to the Scottish Government and next year it will carry an extra £3.4 billion to the Scottish Government, so they have no excuse not to act.
Approximately 220,000 people currently reside in the Solihull borough, and if Government planning reforms go through, the number will increase significantly.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Solihull West and Shirley (Dr Shastri-Hurst)  and I have written to the Health  Secretary about the need for infrastructure and A&E services at Solihull hospital.
Will he agree to meet us to see how we can make this Budget work for the people of Solihull?
I know, not least because of the mismanagement of the NHS during the last 14 years, that communities right across the country, including the hon.
Gentleman’s constituents in Solihull, are struggling with poor services and crumbling estates.
We would be happy to receive representations from him, but he has to level with his constituents.
If he wants money to be spent in his community, he must support the investment and be honest about the fact that he supports the means of raising it.
If he does not support the means of raising it, he should tell us where that investment would come from.
We have been very slow to get to topicals, so let us see if we can speed it up.
Dan Tomlinson will set a good example.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
This weekend, we launched the first in-person consultation as part of change.nhs.uk, the biggest national conversation about the future of the NHS we have ever seen.
We know that the Leader of the Opposition wants a conversation about whether the NHS is free at the point of use, and I can tell her, from that first conversation, that no one agreed with her.
Earlier this month, I visited Barnet hospital to see the way in which it is changing the emergency care department so that more patients can be seen more quickly, freeing up capacity in accident and emergency.
What steps are the Government taking to ensure that trusts such as the Royal Free and others across the country get the support they need, through investment and reform, to improve patient care?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his question.
The Royal Free hospital saved my life when I went through kidney cancer, so it holds a special place in my heart.
Thanks to the Chancellor’s decision and the investment she put into the NHS at the Budget,  and the reform my Department is delivering, we will deliver the change and improvement that his constituents and mine, and the rest of the country, deserve.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
The Secretary of State knows that every year, irrespective of which party is in government, winter is challenging for the NHS.
Possibly, it will be all the more so this year with the potential impact on older people’s health of the loss of the winter fuel allowance by many.
What winter preparedness steps has he taken, like previous Governments, to increase A&E capacity and to increase the number of beds this winter, and can he say by how many?