We will continue to ensure that that is the case.
In 2023 the Hong Kong police issued arrest warrants for eight overseas activists under the national security law.
What are Ministers doing to challenge the extraterritorial reach of the national security law?
We were very clear, as were the previous Government, at the time of the passage of that law.
We believe it is incredibly important that people in Hong Kong and beyond are able to exercise political rights and, indeed, to participate politically.
All that the group of individuals who have just been sentenced were doing was exercising their right to political participation.
We will resolutely defend that right, including in the UK and elsewhere.
I look forward to the Minister’s report on the audit of the relationship with China and of the continuum of actions, from sanctions onwards, that the Government are looking at.
In the meantime, may I ask the Minister to raise with the Chinese Government the case of Carol Ng Man-yee, who is a colleague of mine in Unite and a Labour party member?
She was involved in organising for Unite in the disputes with British Airways over the years, and she became president of the Hong Kong Confederation of Trade Unions.
She stood in the primaries and lost, but then took no further action.
She was sentenced to four years and five months.
May I ask the Government to raise her case, and particularly the need for her to have visits from her family and her trade union rep, so that we can impress upon the Chinese Government that, in addition to our lobbying for her release, we need to ensure that there is humanitarian treatment of such prisoners?
I am grateful to my right hon.
Friend for his support for the Government’s ongoing audit of our relationship with China, and for the information that he has provided about one of the individuals who has been sentenced in China.
I am aware that an Australian citizen is among those who have been sentenced, but I was not aware of the information provided by my right hon.
Friend about his colleague who has been sentenced for her work in the UK.
It is very helpful to be aware of that, and I would be grateful if he sent me more information about this matter.
Today I brought together 118 parliamentarians from 24 countries and the EU to call for the Chinese Communist party to immediately release Jimmy Lai.
It is extraordinary for the Prime Minister to meet Xi Jinping in the same week that Jimmy’s sham trial resumes, yet the Prime Minister used just 13 words in support of Jimmy’s cause in his meeting with Xi—and no, he did not call for Jimmy’s release; he just mentioned his poor health.
What we learned was that the Government have called in plans for a new Chinese Communist party mega-embassy as a favour to Xi, and at his request.
Why?
I am sure that the hon.
Lady, with her considerable experience, will be well aware of the fact that the Prime Minister was at the G20 leaders’ summit, which every member of the G20 attended.
I am sure that she will be aware of how these meetings work.
On the embassy to which she refers, it is standard for applications to be called in if they affect other Governments.
Calling in the application should not be taken as any indication of our views on the merits of the scheme.
As this case will be determined by Ministers in the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government, it would not be appropriate for me to comment further.
I was pleased to sign the letter from parliamentarians of 24 countries that  the hon.
Member for Rutland and Stamford (Alicia Kearns)  just mentioned, and I thank the Minister for confirming that a meeting took place with Sebastien and the Foreign Secretary.