As this case will be determined by Ministers in the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government, it would not be appropriate for me to comment further.
I was pleased to sign the letter from parliamentarians of 24 countries that  the hon.
Member for Rutland and Stamford (Alicia Kearns)  just mentioned, and I thank the Minister for confirming that a meeting took place with Sebastien and the Foreign Secretary.
Can the Minister outline how we will work with other countries in a concerted, co-ordinated effort?
As we have heard, many of them have individuals in arbitrary detention in Hong Kong.
How can we co-ordinate across those countries to get the release of activists such as Jimmy Lai?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising the need for co-ordination.
Obviously, there has been co-ordination among parliamentarians, which has been very positive to see, and the UK Government will continue to co-operate with others on these issues.
We have also worked with other countries’ Governments on cases involving dual nationals.
I thank  the hon.
Member for Rutland and Stamford (Alicia Kearns)  for organising a powerful letter, and I was glad to be able to put my name on it.
Given the concessions that were given to China by the Prime Minister and the particular responsibility that we have to Hong Kong, what did the Prime Minister get out of the meeting?
Can the Minister tell us the read-out from the Prime Minister, and when will she publish her audit?
Following the question from  the right hon.
Member for Chingford and Woodford Green (Sir Iain Duncan Smith) , will the audit include the option of sanctions?
I am grateful to the hon.
Member for his question.
The read-out can be easily accessed.
I will not read out all of it, but I will underline the fact that it makes it very clear that the Prime Minister said that he wanted to engage “honestly and frankly” on those areas where we have different perspectives, including Hong Kong, human rights and Russia’s war in Ukraine.
That is taken directly from the read-out of the meeting.
As I said, there is also footage of it, which the hon.
Gentleman can easily access.
On sanctions, I refer him to my previous response.
So long as we are limited to saying how cross we all are about our different perspectives and the Minister keeps sanctions under review, China will take not a blind bit of notice, will it?
The right hon.
Gentleman will be aware, I hope, that going into detail about sanctions in advance is extremely problematic for the entire sanctions system—it would reduce its effectiveness—which is why Governments of all complexions do not comment on future designations.
This is a bad day for human rights, but for the Hongkongers living in my constituency it is a frightening day.
Beyond the broad reassurances that the Minister has already  given, what specific action will the Government take  to protect Hongkongers living in the UK from state surveillance?
I recognise the concern that will be caused by this matter, as articulated by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Earley and Woodley (Yuan Yang) .
The UK Government are absolutely resolute in our determination to ensure that BNOs are able to live their lives freely, and without prejudice or fear, in our country.
We remain absolutely committed to upholding their human rights, and we will continue to do so.
If there are specific instances of concern, I would be grateful if the hon.
Gentleman informed me of them.
My constituent and friend, Sir Henry Keswick, who died earlier this month, was for many years the chairman of Jardine Matheson.
He was a great believer in the opportunity for good relations between this country and China.
There is an awful inevitability in the fact that, the day after the Prime Minister met the Chinese President and declared a new era of positive relations, the Sino-British declaration was comprehensively breached.