The renewed focus on prevention in our health system is welcome, but under the previous Government, the public health grant that facilitates much of that work was cut by 28%.
Has the Minister, in partnership with the Treasury, considered when we might be able to address that public health funding issue, which is essential to enabling progress in prevention?
We will confirm the 2025-26 local authority public health grant allocations in due course.
Local government plays a critical role in delivering the Government’s health mission and driving action on the prevention of ill health.
We are committed to working in partnership with local government to tackle the wider determinants of ill health.
I have been shocked this week by all the major GP groups in my constituency detailing their financial situations.
They are all close to the edge and are considering the options of bankruptcy, redundancies or handing in their contracts.
What urgent respite can the Secretary of State give them?
I am in no doubt about the state that general practice was left in by our Conservative predecessors.
That is why, in making decisions about funding allocations for the year ahead, we are taking into account all the pressures that general practice is under, as we clean up the mess left by the Conservatives.
In summer 2023, I spoke to Rachel, who suffers from endometriosis.
She was told that she might have to wait 18 months for urgent surgery.
She is still waiting.
In fact, she has had the menopause induced to help tackle her symptoms.
Can the Minister tell me what the Government are doing to improve the diagnosis and treatment of women, including Rachel, who have had to wait far too long?
My hon.
Friend makes an excellent point on behalf of Rachel and many other women suffering from this disease.
We are looking urgently at gynaecological waiting lists.
They are far too high, including for endometriosis.
I welcome the new National Institute for Health and Care Excellence guidelines.
We will be looking at women’s health hubs and how they work, and future guidelines will help women to get a diagnosis more quickly and help with situations like Rachel’s.
Respiratory health conditions are one of the main drivers of NHS winter pressures, yet only 32% of asthma sufferers in Bath and across the country can access the most basic level of care.
What will the Government do to improve access to basic levels of care for the 68% of asthma sufferers who are currently missing out?
NICE is reviewing its guidelines for the diagnosis, monitoring and management of chronic asthma, and an updated version is due to be published in late November 2024.
I am happy to meet the hon.
Lady to discuss it further.
Women with spinal cord injuries face significant challenges in accessing core health services, including breast screening, cervical screening and gynaecological care.
Research shows that women with disabilities, including spinal cord issues, are 30% less likely to attend routine breast screening appointments, in significant part due to the physical inaccessibility of the screening equipment.
Will the Minister meet me and representatives of the all-party parliamentary group on spinal cord injury to discuss these unacceptable disparities and ensure that women receive the equitable and accessible care they deserve?
My hon.
Friend highlights a shocking example of inaccessibility in these important services.
I will make sure that the Department responds to him and that either me or a ministerial colleague meets him.
Ludlow community hospital in my constituency provides a great service for the local community, but it is restricted by its location and its building.
There is a business model that would be more cost-effective in the long term that involves moving the facility to the eco park.
Will the Secretary of State meet me, healthcare stakeholders and the league of friends in Ludlow to take that forward?
The hon.