Prevention is of course always better than cure, so I am very proud of the fact that we are introducing supervised toothbrushing for three to five-year-olds in the most deprived communities and where there is the most unmet need.
We are also working to sort out the NHS contracts so we can ensure that children get the care they need.
Having training locally at the University of East Anglia is important for my constituents, but in the short term, what steps is the Minister taking to speed up the process by which dentists get on the dental performers list, so that they can work in the NHS and not just privately?
Is he also considering bringing in a provisional overseas registration scheme?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for that question.
We are looking at provisional registration.
As I also mentioned to his hon.
Friend  the Member for Broadland and Fakenham (Jerome Mayhew) , we are very open to the idea of a dental training school at the University of East Anglia.
We need to ensure that we push on the full spectrum of all these measures, because there is a crisis in NHS dentistry and we need to get on and fix it.
Toothless in Huntingdon in my constituency has written to me highlighting that 36% of patients under Cambridgeshire and Peterborough integrated care system no longer have an NHS dentist.
It wants dental practices to provide access to those needing emergency treatment and a priority pathway for referrals from hospital departments such as cardiology and oncology.
To that extent, what steps are being taken in Huntingdonshire to improve dental access across rural Cambridgeshire?
How are the Government helping the Cambridgeshire and Peterborough integrated care system to address those issues?
Obviously the golden hello scheme for rural areas is very important.
We are pushing forward on that, and I am pleased to say that hundreds have expressed interest in it and appointments are starting on that basis.
The hon.
Gentleman is right about training places.
As I have already mentioned, we are very open to establishments and institutions coming forward with  proposals for that.
We are living in a country where the biggest cause of hospital admission for five to nine-year-olds is having their rotten teeth removed.
That is a truly Dickensian state of affairs, and it needs to be fixed as a priority.
Earlier this year, I was at an orthodontist’s practice that carries out work on behalf of the NHS.
It said the issue is that when people are referred to it by their general dentist, it cannot go on to do the orthodontic work because their teeth are in too bad a state, so they are referred back to the dentist, but they cannot get in because of waiting lists and issues.
When we look at reforming dental contracts, will we look at orthodontic ones too?
Absolutely.
As my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State has said, we have already met with the British Dental Association, and no issues are off the table.
We absolutely need to look at orthodontists in the round as part of the contract negotiations, and we will certainly report back on that in due course.
What plans he has to reform NHS health and social care services.
What plans he has to reform NHS health and social care services.
Before the election, we made it clear that investment and reform were needed in the NHS.
The Chancellor announced the investment in the Budget, and since the general election we have confirmed the introduction of new league tables of NHS providers, with high-performing providers being given greater freedom over funding and flexibility.
We are sending turnaround teams into struggling hospitals, giving the best performers greater freedoms over funding to modernise technology and equipment.
We are creating a new college of executive and clinical leadership that will help to attract, keep and support the best NHS leaders.