I very much welcomed the approach taken by the previous Government, which this Government plan to continue.
Will the Secretary of State explain what plans he has—if any—to limit the scope of practice of anaesthetic associates and physician associates, about whom there has been such publicity lately?
Indeed there has.
Medical associate roles can and do play a valuable role in freeing up other clinicians’ time to do the things that only they can do, but there are legitimate concerns within the professions about scope of practice, doctor substitution and transparency for patients.
We need to grip that and address it.
We will have a further announcement to make about that shortly.
South Green surgery in my constituency has been given notice by its landlord that it has to move by the end of March next year.
Will the Secretary of State meet me to see what we can do to ensure that other facilities can be provided if available, or to do the best for those local patients?
That would be a matter for the right hon.
Gentleman’s ICB.
I know that he is new to the area, so I am happy to make some introductions.
My constituent Craig Eskrett was diagnosed with motor neurone disease 12 months ago.
He says that the services are there in the local NHS trust, but there is a distinct lack of co-ordination.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss what improvements can be made to co-ordinate those services for sufferers of MND?
My hon.
Friend raises a real issue about how we join up the whole of the patient journey.
Once diagnosed, patients need appropriate treatment and wraparound care.
I am more than happy to meet him and his constituent.
At the weekend in Devon, I met a psychiatric nurse who previously worked in London and has been recruited to the south-west.
She does not have a start date, and is still subject to routine checks after waiting months.
Can the Secretary of State expedite these routine checks, given waiting lists for mental health?
Absolutely.
That is a good example of why investment needs to be matched with reform to speed things up, improve productivity and get staff to the frontline, where they want to be.
Last week, the chief executive of Forget Me Not children’s hospice visited Parliament with local dad Steve, whose son is supported by the hospice.
The hospice provides vital services to families such as Steve’s, but its services are at risk in the longer term without sustainable funding, including the NHS England children’s hospice grant.
Can the Health Secretary take urgent steps to improve funding for hospices?
I am grateful for the steps that my hon.
Friend is taking to make representations on behalf of her local children’s hospice, both on the Floor of the House and outside the Chamber.
I recognise the pressure she describes.
We are determined to help hospices to overcome them.
Can the Secretary of State confirm what assessment has been made of the number of women waiting for endometriosis surgery across the United Kingdom?
What has been done to reduce waiting lists?
As my hon.
Friend the Minister for Secondary Care said, the wait for women with common conditions such as endometriosis is far too long.
That is why we are taking steps to cut waiting times and stop the merry-go-round of repeat visits to the same clinician to get the same answer, until someone finally listens to what a woman has to say.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
I seek your guidance about how this House can obtain answers from the Government, particularly the Department of Health and Social Care.
On Budget day I tabled a question asking what the changes to national insurance contributions would cost the NHS both directly and indirectly.
On  4 November  I got a holding answer, and on  11 November  I was given an answer that did not answer the question.