We also published reports twice a year on the situation in Hong Kong to raise our grave concerns about the erosion of freedoms with the Chinese authorities and at the United Nations.
Yesterday, the Prime Minister met President Xi and said he wanted a respectful relationship where both countries tried to avoid surprises.
He even confirmed that he had called in the application for the new Chinese embassy.
But less than 24 hours later, the Sino-British declaration has been trampled on yet again, with the sentencing of 45 pro-democracy campaigners.
Where does that leave the Government’s reset with Beijing?
Did the Prime Minister actually secure any commitments on Hong Kong yesterday?
Will the Prime Minister now be holding further conversations with President Xi to convey his concerns about this appalling jailing?
Why did the Minister for the Indo-Pacific this morning not call, in her statement, for the repeal of the national security law?
The official No.
10 read-out of the Prime Minister’s meeting with President Xi failed to mention Jimmy Lai’s case.
We understand the Prime Minister did raise concerns, but that is not enough.
Did he call for Jimmy  Lai to be released and for an end to his politically motivated trial?
A yes or no answer is needed, because there is an important distinction between the two.
The UK has an historic and moral commitment to the people of Hong Kong.
We must stand up for their rights under the international covenant on civil and political rights and basic law.
The Government must provide the mettle needed to handle the relationship with China, to stand up for the freedoms and democracy of Hong Kong, and to raise their game.
The Government absolutely agree about the historic relationship between the UK and Hong Kong and the current incredibly strong and important relationship.
In opposition, my party rightly supported the measures for British nationals overseas.
We have been crystal clear in our view on yesterday’s sentencing.
I repeat that it was a clear demonstration of the Hong Kong authority’s use of the NSL to criminalise political dissent.
Respectfully, I have to say to the right hon.
Lady that when she seeks to lecture the new Government on our approach to China she should be aware of what we saw over the past 14 years: a wild oscillation in policy towards China that went from the golden era period right through, finally, to a complete lack of engagement that was out of step with our partners, including the US, France and Germany, which were having those conversations.
The new Government have been determined to have those conversations.
The right hon.
Lady referred to the Prime Minister’s meeting, where he made very clear his concerns about human rights issues.
He did raise Jimmy Lai’s case.
That is very clear from the footage of that meeting.
If she has not seen it, I respectfully encourage her to look at it.
We will continue to raise human rights issues as part of our consistent approach to China.
I call the Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee.
The verdicts and sentences of the 45 are, like the 2020 national security law itself and the treatment of Jimmy Lai, clear violations of the Sino-British joint declaration on Hong Kong.
Following the meeting between President Xi and the Prime Minister, will my right hon.
Friend please share with the House what steps the Government plan to take to ensure that the joint declaration is adhered to?
I am grateful to my right hon.
Friend for the work that she is undertaking on this matter through her leadership of the Select Committee.
The UK Government have been very clear about these issues.
The right hon.
Lady rightly mentioned the case of the British national Jimmy Lai, whose trial will resume tomorrow and whose case is a priority for the UK Government.