Friend the Secretary of State has also said that we are looking at the Budget in the round, and we will report on that in due course.
What assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of access to NHS dentists.
What assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of access to NHS dentists.
What assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of access to NHS dentists.
After 14 years of Tory neglect and incompetence, NHS dentistry in England has been left in a parlous state.
Tooth decay is the most common reason why children aged five to nine are admitted to hospital, and 28% of the country—13 million people—have an unmet need for dentistry.
Rescuing NHS dentistry will not happen overnight.
We will expand the provision of urgent dental appointments across the country, and we are working with the sector to reform the dental contract in order to increase access and incentivise more NHS care.
Yesterday, I heard from a disabled constituent who has spent over a year trying to find an NHS dentist, but without success.
The only solution was to come to London for emergency treatment—that became a shockingly common story under the previous Government.
As a first step, our integrated care board is putting 12 extra dentists into Peterborough and the surrounding towns to increase access.
Will the Minister update the House on progress and on how we will further improve access to NHS dentistry?
I am very pleased to hear about what my hon.
Friend’s ICB is doing.
Working with the dental sector, we will deliver measures to improve access, targeting areas that need it most.
Those measures include 700,000 additional urgent appointments and reform of the dental contract.
The golden hello scheme, which incentivises dentists to work in underserved areas, is under way across the country, and dentists are also being offered a new patient premium to treat new patients.
Does the Minister agree that it is unacceptable that more than 40,000 people in Fife are not registered with an NHS dentist?
Will he share any learning from this Government’s action to increase access to dentistry with his colleagues in the Scottish Government, and urge them to fulfil their responsibilities so that people in my constituency can get the dental treatment that they need?
Responsibility for dental services in Scotland is of course a matter for the Scottish Government, but Governments across the UK work together to spread best practice and deliver on our common goals.
The Scottish National party Government have an extra £1.5 billion this year, and £3.4 billion next year, through the Barnett formula.
I hope that they will prioritise health, including dentistry, and undo some of the damage that they themselves have done to dentistry in Scotland.
Some 37% of five-year-olds in Weston-super-Mare have enamel or dental decay—a figure well above the national average.
The Better Health North Somerset team does amazing work to promote good oral health, but regular dentist check-ups are the oral health silver bullet.
Will the Minister explain and outline the work he is doing to ensure that children in Weston and Worle and across the country get the dentistry service that they so desperately need?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise this vital issue.
Prevention is of course always better than cure, so I am very proud of the fact that we are introducing supervised toothbrushing for three to five-year-olds in the most deprived communities and where there is the most unmet need.
We are also working to sort out the NHS contracts so we can ensure that children get the care they need.
Having training locally at the University of East Anglia is important for my constituents, but in the short term, what steps is the Minister taking to speed up the process by which dentists get on the dental performers list, so that they can work in the NHS and not just privately?