The Chancellor announced the investment in the Budget, and since the general election we have confirmed the introduction of new league tables of NHS providers, with high-performing providers being given greater freedom over funding and flexibility.
We are sending turnaround teams into struggling hospitals, giving the best performers greater freedoms over funding to modernise technology and equipment.
We are creating a new college of executive and clinical leadership that will help to attract, keep and support the best NHS leaders.
We are banning NHS trusts from using agencies to hire temporary entry-level workers in bands 2 and 3, such as healthcare assistants and domestic support workers.
We are sending crack teams of top clinicians to areas with long waiting lists and high economic inactivity to improve the productivity of their clinics, and we are running a GP red tape challenge to slash bureaucracy.
I could go on, because this is a Government who are walking the talk on NHS reform.
I think you already have, but there we are.
I wish my right hon.
Friend would go on.
Irresponsible promises were made by the Opposition about capital investment in hospitals and elective surgeries across the country, including in the three Medway constituencies.
Will my right hon.
Friend meet me and my hon.
Friends the Members for Rochester and Strood (Lauren Edwards) and for Gillingham and Rainham (Naushabah Khan) to discuss the much-needed NHS investment in our area?
I would be delighted to meet my hon.
Friend and other Members from across Medway to discuss the challenges that their part of the south-east faces, and to explain why our predecessors made promises they could not keep, with timetables that were completely fictitious and funding that runs out in March.
I am really sorry for the way that communities were let down by the previous Government.
This Government will not make the same mistakes.
I am grateful to my right hon.
Friend for his earlier answer.
Last week, I spoke to one of my constituents, Norman Phillips, who has been an unpaid carer for his wife Ros for the past 18 years.
Like many unpaid carers across Stevenage, Norman has been put through absolute hell by the previous Tory Government’s complete inaction on social care for over 14 years.
Does the Secretary of State agree that unpaid carers such as Norman play a vital role in providing care, and that unpaid carers need to be at the heart of any reforms to the social care system—reforms that are much needed?
I, too, pay tribute to Norman and to family carers like him, who play such a vital role supporting loved ones.
Through the carer’s allowance uplift in the Budget, the Chancellor announced the largest increase to the weekly earnings limit since the introduction of carer’s allowance in 1976.
As well as that investment, we will have a 10-year plan for social care, and I see the care workforce, care providers and family carers as all being important partners in building that plan.
I welcome the Secretary of State’s plans to reform the NHS, but may I caution against the idea that the answer is to fire more incompetent managers?
The problem is not bad management: it is micromanagement from the centre that sees hospitals managed with more than 100 targets by NHS England, making ours one of the most micromanaged healthcare systems in the world.
Will the Secretary of State’s plans allow managers more autonomy, helping them to innovate, save money and improve care for patients?
I am happy to confirm that it is my view that, when there are too many targets and everything is being measured, nothing ends up being measured.
We need to give more freedom and autonomy to good leaders, including clinical leaders and managers in the NHS who are coming up with some of the best productivity gains in the system.