The Secretary of State knows that every year, irrespective of which party is in government, winter is challenging for the NHS.
Possibly, it will be all the more so this year with the potential impact on older people’s health of the loss of the winter fuel allowance by many.
What winter preparedness steps has he taken, like previous Governments, to increase A&E capacity and to increase the number of beds this winter, and can he say by how many?
It is thanks to this Government and the action we have taken that, for the first time in three years, we go into winter without the spectre of national strikes looming over the NHS, and with NHS staff on the frontline not the picket line.
It is thanks to the priority this Government have given to prevention that we have already delivered almost 15 million covid-19 and flu vaccinations, alongside the new RSV—respiratory syncytial virus—vaccination to help vulnerable groups for the first time.
The shadow Secretary of State mentions the winter fuel allowance.
This Government are protecting support for the poorest pensioners to protect them not just this winter, but every winter, and over the coming years the value of the pension will of course rise with the cost of living.
I am grateful for that response but, just as my hon.
Friends have highlighted in respect of the damaging impact of increases in employer national insurance contributions on GPs, hospices and care providers, I fear it was another example of the Government simply not answering the question and not having a plan yet.
Either the Government have not done their homework and, as with the impact of NICs increases, they have not thought this through and do not know, or worse, they do not care—which is it?
This Government are prepared for winter and we are already standing up the operational response to winter pressures.
On funding, the right hon.
Gentleman was in government just before the general election.
Is he saying that his Government did not provide enough funding for the NHS this winter?
If not, why not?
If he does accept that it is enough money, he will surely welcome the extra investment that the Chancellor is putting into the NHS from next year.
What steps are Ministers taking to address the ongoing shortages of medications for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, which have been going on for 18 months?
The Department has been working with suppliers of medicines used to treat ADHD to seek commitments from them to address the issues, expedite deliveries and boost supplies.
We are working with NHS England to approve the modelling for industry and communications regarding ADHD medicine supply issues.
We will continue to engage with industry to address the remaining issues as quickly as possible.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
The Conservatives’ disastrous legacy on dentistry means that more than 4.4 million children have not seen a dentist in the past year.
In Shropshire, dentists continue to hand back their contracts, including one in Wem in recent weeks.
Will the Minister outline his plan to reverse that terrible decline and ensure that the issue is addressed in rural areas where there are dental deserts?
There will be 700,000 extra urgent appointments, golden hellos, and a prevention and supervised toothbrushing scheme for three to five-year-olds.
Many of my constituents are worried that online GP appointments are too often used as a substitute for face-to-face consultation, which risks adding pressures to NHS waiting lists further down the line.
Will the Secretary of State reassure my constituents that they will receive timely, in-person GP access and the quality of care that they deserve?
We all know that general practice is under enormous pressure, and that will be a big part of this Government’s agenda.
I reassure my hon.
Friend that our view is that there should be patient choice, patient control and different courses for different horses.