There is a business model that would be more cost-effective in the long term that involves moving the facility to the eco park.
Will the Secretary of State meet me, healthcare stakeholders and the league of friends in Ludlow to take that forward?
The hon.
Member is welcome to make representations to the Department for the capital investment that he is calling for, but he should welcome the means of providing it, which was the Chancellor’s decision in the Budget.
I welcome Ministers’ leadership in attacking the record waiting times inherited from the Tories.
Will they in turn recognise Guy’s and St Thomas’ efforts to reduce delays, especially in the ear, nose and throat and paediatric spinal surgery teams?
Will the Secretary of State outline measures to protect our NHS from cyber-attacks, which was another issue neglected by the last Government but is affecting patients in Southwark?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for the question and pay tribute to the work being done by Guy’s and St Thomas’.
He is right to raise cyber-security.
That is why the capital investment announced by the Chancellor is welcome and necessary, and joint working across Government, including with security colleagues and my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology, is vital to keep patients’ data and information safe and to keep critical systems running.
When the Secretary of State reviews GP funding, will he also consider the burden that sits on GP practices when they have to hold the lease for their surgeries and what role integrated care boards could have in holding that risk, which is stopping the recruitment of GPs to join practices as partners?
NHS England currently accepts ICBs holding leases only as a last resort or by exception due to the significant capital required.
While we know that is not the most effective use of ICB resources, it is an important safeguard.
We are committed to fixing the front door of the NHS by supporting GPs and ICBs through, for example, the £100 million of capital funding announced at the Budget for GP estate upgrades.
My constituent Ollie Horobin’s life has been completely transformed after contracting covid, leaving him wheelchair-bound with a feeding tube and battling debilitating symptoms every single day.
His story is a stark reminder of the devastating impact that long covid can have.
Will the Minister commit to meeting Ollie and me to hear about his experience at first hand, and prioritise further research into the causes, treatments and long-term impacts of extreme long covid?
As somebody who still suffers from long covid, I know how debilitating and complex it can be, and I am committed to improving support for people affected by it.
There are now more than 100 long covid services across England, and £57 million is being invested in long covid research.
I recently co-chaired a roundtable on strategies to stimulate further research into treatments.
I am more than happy to meet my hon.
Friend and Ollie for further discussion.
Opt-out testing for HIV at A&E has been a great success since it was announced last year, particularly in identifying those who were not aware they had the disease and among difficult-to-reach communities.
Can the Health Secretary confirm whether the programme will continue?
Opt-out HIV testing has been a great success so far.
Of course, we will make further announcements on its future in due course.
I would like to say, as a former member of the HIV commission that made the representations to the previous Government, that he has me at a real advantage—or disadvantage, depending on the side of the spending fence.
I very much welcomed the approach taken by the previous Government, which this Government plan to continue.
Will the Secretary of State explain what plans he has—if any—to limit the scope of practice of anaesthetic associates and physician associates, about whom there has been such publicity lately?
Indeed there has.