Hospices provide essential care for people at the most difficult point of their life, and they are usually only partially funded by the NHS.
Hospice UK says that real-terms funding has fallen by £47 million since 2022, and hospices are struggling with this hike in national insurance contributions.
Hope House children’s hospice in North Shropshire estimates that it will cost £178,000.
Will the Secretary of State commit to either exempting hospices from the NICs increase or ensure that they are funded to cover those additional costs?
I am grateful to the Liberal Democrat spokesperson for her question.
I pay tribute to the children’s hospice in her constituency and, indeed, to Haven House children’s hospice, which serves my constituency.
And Derian House children’s hospice.
And indeed your very own local hospice, Mr Speaker—I am sure that will appear on the record.
I am particularly thankful for the advocacy we have received from Hospice UK and charities such as Together for Short Lives and others that are making their voices heard about the pressures on the system.
I say to all hospices across the country that I am taking those pressures into account before deciding allocations for the year ahead, because I want to ensure that everyone, whatever their age, receives access to the timely and good-quality end of life care, palliative care and, of course, support for people with life-limiting conditions that all of them deserve.
What discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on staff salaries in the care sector.
I was proud that the Chancellor raised the salaries of hundreds of thousands of care workers in the Budget.
Last month, the Government introduced legislation to deliver the first ever fair pay agreement for adult social care.
While we were giving care workers a pay rise, the Leader of the Opposition was belittling their work as merely wiping bottoms.
I gently say to the Conservative party that it is better to be wiping bottoms than talking out of them.
This is an important issue, and I am dealing with ministerial colleagues on it.
According to last month’s Skills for Care report, most care workers are paid only a couple of pennies above the national minimum wage, while the sector cannot recruit and retain the people it needs.
Will the Minister set out the timetable for establishing the fair pay agreement and adult social care negotiating body, and will he give the House an assurance that the care trade unions will be closely involved in its design?
We took quick action on the Employment Rights Bill, which includes the fair pay agreement, within 100 days of taking office.
The consultation process on the negotiating body can begin only once the Bill has become an Act.
We are engaging widely with stakeholders, and I assure my hon.
Friend that unions will play a central role in that process, but let us remember that, through the national living wage, we are giving the lowest-paid full-time care workers a pay increase of £1,400 per year.
One barrier to better staff salaries in the care sector is the additional employer national insurance contributions.
Are the Minister and his colleagues considering an exemption for GP practices, charities and hospices from national insurance employer contributions?
As my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care pointed out, when we won the general election on  4 July , we inherited public finances in their worst state since the second world war.
Through the Chancellor, we have taken responsible action to deal with those issues.
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State has also said that we are looking at the Budget in the round, and we will report on that in due course.
What assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of access to NHS dentists.
What assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of access to NHS dentists.