This will take pressure off general practice, and we will be announcing further budget allocations in the not-too-distant future to set out what further support we will provide for general practice.
I call the Chair of the Health and Social Care Committee.
Last week, I visited Summertown health centre.
Staff there implored me to say to the Government that the issue is not just more money—we welcome the £100 million that has been allocated for capital investment in primary care—but the snarled-up process at integrated care board level and getting investment to the right places quickly.
What will the Secretary of State’s Government do to ensure ICBs deliver that money to where it is needed, and fast?
The Chair of the Health and Social Care Committee is right that investment is vital, but so is reform.
We tasked ICBs with leading the development of the new neighbourhood health service.
We are removing their responsibility for performance management of trusts in order to free up their focus, so that primary and community services have the attention that is desperately needed.
In the coming weeks, we will be talking to the British Medical Association and the Royal College of General Practitioners about how we ensure the investment announced by the Chancellor leads to improved patient care and a reformed neighbourhood health service.
Goff’s Oak, in my constituency of Broxbourne, has seen a lot of development.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking to ensure that GP surgeries are delivered before hundreds of new homes are built?
Of course we need to deliver both new homes and GP surgeries, but the previous Conservative Government delivered neither.
We have a housing crisis and an NHS crisis in this country; I would have thought Conservative Members might have shown some humility and responsibility for those facts before challenging a Government who have been in office for only four months.
In Cornwall, only 25% of delayed discharges from hospital are because of lack of social care packages, with the remainder involving the significant degree of support needed from primary and community NHS services.
The Royal College of Nursing has pointed out that there has been a 45% reduction in district nurses in the last decade, so what can the Government do to replace those essential roles at a primary care level?
The hon.
Gentleman is right.
Last weekend, I was up in Middlesbrough with local Members, where we saw a great example of hospital at home delivered by the community nursing team and the community health trust.
We have to do a lot more in that space to ensure we provide care closer to peoples’ homes—indeed, often in the home—keeping them out of hospital and close to home, which is better for them and better value for the taxpayer.
I call the shadow Minister.
The Royal College of General Practitioners has said the national insurance tax increase is expected to cost 2.2 million appointments.
We know from answers to written questions that have been submitted that GPs, hospices and care homes are not exempt from the increases, and will not find out until April what, if any, mitigation will be put in place, so cutbacks are now being planned.
Will the Secretary of State explain how his choice to tax GPs will increase GP access?
I can reassure health and care providers that we will be setting out allocations long before April next year.
I recognise that people need to plan ahead of the new financial year.
When deciding allocations, we take into account the range of pressures on different parts of the system.
People have heard what I have said already about the need to shift out of hospital into primary and community services.
The shadow Minister talks about choices; Conservative Members seem to welcome the £26 billion investment, but oppose the means of raising it.
I am afraid they cannot do both.