I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his recognition of that engagement.
As I mentioned a few moments ago, the UK Government are deeply concerned about Jimmy Lai’s situation, but we have been crystal clear—and that includes the clarity provided by the Prime Minister, which, in respect of this issue as well as others, was very much in evidence during his meeting at the G20.
I have sat watching both Governments on this one, and I do not think that any Government have the right to accuse the party that was formerly in power and talk about what it got wrong, because that Government got it all wrong and this one are getting it all wrong as well.
The key point is this.
The Minister has referred to all those who have been incarcerated but particularly to Jimmy Lai, who is in solitary confinement.
Yesterday, when the Prime Minister rightly started to raise the issue of Jimmy Lai and human rights, all the journalists were cleared out of the room straightaway because the Chinese Government did not want them to hear what he was saying.
Just before that meeting, President Xi said that China would “brook no interference” when it came to democracy and human rights, and that is one of his four red lines.
I put this question simply to the Minister: does she not think that without some kind of sanction, China will go on and on?
America has sanctioned many senior officials in Hong Kong for these abuses, and we have sanctioned none.
Does she not think it is time for us to say, “We will sanction someone if you do not stop”?
I believe it is appropriate to make relative judgments so that we can assess the right way forward for the UK’s relationship with China.
That is why the UK Government are conducting an audit of our relationship with China so that we can have a consistent approach.
We believe that is incredibly important, so I am afraid that I respectfully do not agree with the right hon.
Gentleman.
I had a ringside seat for some of the actions of the previous Government during the golden era, and for what was suggested then around trade protections.
We need to move forward with a more clear-eyed approach, and the UK Government could not have been clearer on these matters of human rights, including the Prime Minister himself, as the right hon.
Gentleman just acknowledged.
On sanctions, he will understand, of course, that I will not speculate on future designations, as to do so could reduce their impact, but I can reassure him that the FCDO continues to keep potential sanctions designations under close review.
Over 5,000 Hong Kong families have settled in Reading over the past few years, including in my constituency, and I have stood alongside Hong Kong activists in peaceful demonstrations here in the UK.
The onerous sentencing of pro-democracy activists in Hong Kong will give people a broad reason to fear transnational repression and continued harassment here in the UK.
Can the Minister assure us that she will work to upkeep not only the BNO visa programme and the path to citizenship, but the civil liberties of Hongkongers here in the UK who may be at risk of transnational repression?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising this issue.
I have read her fascinating book, which covers human rights in China, and she is clearly an expert on these matters, as well as having constituency experience.
The UK Government’s view is that any form of harassment is unacceptable and that political freedoms must be retained, including in the UK and, above all, for BNOs.
We will continue to ensure that that is the case.
In 2023 the Hong Kong police issued arrest warrants for eight overseas activists under the national security law.
What are Ministers doing to challenge the extraterritorial reach of the national security law?