It is bad for staff and it is bad for patients.
That is why moving from an analogue to a digital system is crucial.
I was fortunate to visit colleagues at NHS England offices up in Leeds last week to see some of the fantastic work they are doing on the app.
We will ensure that the NHS comes into the 21st century.
What steps he is taking to improve mental health support services.
Lord Darzi found that mental health waiting lists have surged, with more than 100,000 children waiting a year for their first appointment.
That is why we will recruit 8,500 more mental health workers, provide access to mental health support in every school and roll out young futures hubs in every community.
I am delighted to tell my hon.
Friend that a Bill to modernise the Mental Health Act 1983 was introduced in the other place on  6 November .
That was a promise that we made before the election—a promise that we kept.
I welcome the Minister’s comments.
My brother has very complex mental health needs.
We as a family know at first hand the difficulties not only of accessing the services and of the long waiting times, but the challenge of support staff who are not constantly on a churn and the lack of community-funded support services.
Our experience is no different to that of many other families.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how we will make mental health services more accessible in communities, invest more in preventive services and fund more community-based provision?
I will be pleased to meet my hon.
Friend.
This Government think it is unacceptable that too many people are not receiving the care that they deserve, and we know that waits for mental health services are far too long.
We are determined to change that with the measures I set out in my opening.
The Government have also introduced NHS 111 for mental health so that people who are in crisis or are concerned about a family member or loved one can now call 111 and speak to a trained mental health professional.
Facilities such as leisure centres and swimming pools—like the Sovereign Centre in Eastbourne where I learned to swim—are critical in supporting people’s mental health locally.
Will the Minister support me in putting pressure on the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government to expand the criteria of the towns fund to allow us to be able to spend it to invest in our leisure centres and sports and fitness facilities for local people?
I am grateful to the hon.
Member for his question.
We are a mission-led Government and, of course, tackling health inequalities is a job not just for the Department of Health and Social Care, but for all Government Departments.
I will be very happy to raise the role that Ministers can play in improving mental health and wellbeing in my bilaterals with the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government.
What estimate he has made of the number of new dental training places needed in the east of England.
Fourteen years of Conservative neglect and incompetence have left huge swathes of the east of England as dental deserts.
As part of our 10-year plan, we will be working with NHS England to assess the need for more dental trainees in areas such as the east of England where we know that many people are struggling to find an NHS dentist.
I am aware of the University of East Anglia’s plans to open a dental school and I recently met MPs from the east of England, including the hon.
Gentleman, to discuss that process.
I encourage the UEA to continue with its bid for a new dental school.
The Minister well knows that there is a lack of dentists in the east of England, because there is no undergraduate training facility.
The nearest place is either Birmingham or London.