Our Atlantic allies, the United States and Canada, have learned those lessons, and created official roles to co-ordinate the response to state hostage taking and arbitrary detention in order to get their people home, which is, of course, a priority for all of us.
Indeed, the creation of such a role was one of the Committee’s recommendations to the Foreign Office and the Foreign Secretary.
This time last year, when the Foreign Secretary was the shadow Foreign Secretary, he committed a Labour Government to creating a special envoy for arbitrary detention and state hostage taking.
I warmly welcome the Minister of State to her role—I think I can still call her a new Minister a few months into the new Government —and I know that she takes these matters seriously.
I ask her to reflect back to her colleagues and the Secretary of State that we should stick to that commitment.
Let us follow in the footsteps of Canada and the United States, and let us not be advised out of that promise by officials.
As I conclude, I return to the heart the debate with one simple request to His Highness Sheikh Mohammed.
As a gesture of friendship, for the continued prosperity of our countries and for our mutual security, I hope that he will grant clemency to Ryan Cornelius.
The UAE’s national day, Eid al Etihad, is only around the corner on  2 December .
I hope that on that day of great celebration, the Dubai Government will find the good will to extend a pardon to Ryan and allow him to return home to the United Kingdom and his family.
It is the honour of my life to speak for the first time in this House as the Member of Parliament for my home town of Gedling.
To be given the opportunity to represent your neighbours and the place you are proud to call home in the greatest democratic Chamber in the world is a tremendous privilege and responsibility.
To the people of Gedling who sent me here to speak up for them, thank you.
I am eternally grateful for your support and trust.
In my time in this House, I shall work tirelessly to repay that trust, representing each and every one of you to the very best of my ability.
My immediate predecessor was Tom Randall.
He and I had our differences, but the fact that two young boys who grew up in Arnold and attended Redhill comprehensive school went on to represent their home town in Parliament says so much about the power of education and the value of our democracy, both of which must be cherished and protected.
In particular, I thank Tom for his work in standing up for Hongkongers in Gedling and across the United Kingdom.
At the count on election night, I promised that I would continue that important work, and I am pleased to be able to restate that promise on the Floor of the House today.
In 1997, Gedling elected its first Labour MP, my friend Vernon Coaker, now Lord Coaker.
For 22 years, Vernon served the people of Gedling with distinction.
He was widely respected across this House, just as he is now in the other place.
As a kid growing up in Gedling, I was inspired by Vernon visiting my school, so I would like to place on record my thanks to Vernon and his wife Jackie for their service to Gedling.
Since the general election, as I have listened to inspiring contributions from Members across the House, I have been constantly reminded that the privilege of being elected to this House brings with it a duty to speak up for those who feel voiceless, powerless and ignored—people like my auntie, Tara Payne, whose first husband, Thomas Muir, died on  1 August 2013  at just 55 years of age, a victim of the infected blood scandal.