The UK Government have been very clear about these issues.
The right hon.
Lady rightly mentioned the case of the British national Jimmy Lai, whose trial will resume tomorrow and whose case is a priority for the UK Government.
The Foreign Secretary raised it during his first meeting with China’s Foreign Minister, Wang Yi, at the summit of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations on  26 July , and, as I have said, the Prime Minister also raised it during his engagement a few days ago.
We will continue to call on the Hong Kong authorities to end their politically motivated prosecution and release Jimmy Lai immediately, and we will continue to press  for consular access and, indeed, exert pressure in relation to the other human rights issues that are of such concern to everyone in the House.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
We are deeply concerned by the sentencing of the NSL45.
Beijing’s assault on fundamental liberties in Hong Kong—liberties that it is obliged to preserve under the joint declaration—continues.
We have a moral duty to stand with Hongkongers, not least Jimmy Lai.
I met his son Sebastian last week.
His father has been held for in solitary confinement for more than four years, despite a serious health condition.
Does the Minister understand that meeting Chinese Ministers, as the Foreign Secretary and the Prime Minister have in the last month, without setting out any consequences gives China the green light to continue?
We saw under the Conservatives that this passive approach yielded no results, so does the Minister agree that there should be no further ministerial meetings until these human rights abuses are addressed, and specifically, does she agree that there should be no visit by the Chancellor to Beijing until Jimmy Lai is released?
The Foreign Secretary has also met the family of Jimmy Lai and, like all of us on this side of the House, is deeply concerned about his situation.
Jimmy Lai is, of course, 76 years old, and there are deep concerns about his welfare.
The UK is absolutely clear about the fact that he must be released immediately.
I have to say, however, that I do not agree in any way with the hon.
Gentleman’s characterisation of the current UK Government’s approach.
During the latter years of the previous Government we saw what was arguably a passive approach and a lack of engagement, with no meetings and visits, and that was not the right approach to take.
It followed the golden era when there was a very different approach—an approach, some would say, that was not clear-eyed.
The current Government are instead being consistent.
We are engaging where it is necessary to challenge as well as engaging where it is necessary to compete and, indeed, to co-operate.
That is the right approach when it comes to these matters of human rights, as well as our relationship with China more broadly.
As chair of the all-party parliamentary group on Hong Kong, I thank Ministers for their efforts and recognise the efforts of the Prime Minister.
However, after nearly four years in solitary confinement for Jimmy Lai and with a trial beginning in a court that we know will only ever find him guilty, at what point does the delicate diplomacy have to give way to something more like a demand for his freedom?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his recognition of that engagement.
As I mentioned a few moments ago, the UK Government are deeply concerned about Jimmy Lai’s situation, but we have been crystal clear—and that includes the clarity provided by the Prime Minister, which, in respect of this issue as well as others, was very much in evidence during his meeting at the G20.