I encourage the UEA to continue with its bid for a new dental school.
The Minister well knows that there is a lack of dentists in the east of England, because there is no undergraduate training facility.
The nearest place is either Birmingham or London.
He has kindly mentioned the University of East Anglia, which is ready to go with a new building under construction.
It has wide cross-party support, as he also knows from the meeting that he held recently, so when will he make the announcement?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for that follow-up question, but he will recall that, when we met, I and my officials made it clear to him that the UEA has not yet submitted its bid for a dental school.
In that meeting, we said: “Please go back to the UEA and encourage them to submit that bid.
When they do, we will look at it very carefully.”
Many of my constituents in Bedford are struggling to get an NHS dentist.
I am also hearing from those who have tried to book an appointment only to discover that they have been removed from the NHS list without any warning.
The Government have committed to improve the dental contract.
In doing so, will they ensure that dentists can no longer drop people from their books—leaving them without any access to care—without prior notice?
My hon.
Friend is right: we will reform the dental contract to rebuild dentistry in the long term and to increase access to NHS dental care, with a shift to focusing on prevention and the retention of NHS dentists.
We continue to meet representatives from the British Dental Association and other representatives of the sector to discuss how we can best deliver our shared ambition to improve access for NHS dental patients.
What recent assessment he has made of the potential impact of proposed changes to employer national insurance contributions on staffing costs for health and care providers.
The leadership shown by the Chancellor has enabled her and the Government to fix the foundations of the public finances and fill the £22 billion black hole left by the previous Government.
The decisions that she took meant that she was able to provide this Department with an extra £26 billion and a real-terms increase in core local government spending power by about 3.2%.
That was the right decision for the right reasons in the national interest, and I am taking into consideration pressures on all parts of health and social care before making final allocations for the year ahead.
In North East Fife, we have a particular issue with access to dental surgeries, especially with the recent closure of a surgery in Leven.
Difficulties stem from recruitment from abroad as a result of visa changes and also simply from practices going private and coming out of the system.
Obviously, the NHS is devolved in Scotland, but does the Secretary of State agree that putting staffing under further strain from increasing national insurance contributions will only make things worse for dentists?
What in his conversations is he doing to ensure that dentists get the support that they need?
It is because the Chancellor took the decisions that she did in the Budget that my Department has received £26 billion to reform and improve health and social care.
As I said before the general election, all parts of the United Kingdom suffered under the previous Conservative Government, which is why I am sure that Members from across Scotland will welcome the extra £1.5 billion this year and £3.4 billion next year—the biggest funding increase since devolution.
I am sure that the SNP Government will welcome the increase, and they certainly have no excuses now for not acting.
Fourteen years of neglect have left hospices in a perilous condition.