He was widely respected across this House, just as he is now in the other place.
As a kid growing up in Gedling, I was inspired by Vernon visiting my school, so I would like to place on record my thanks to Vernon and his wife Jackie for their service to Gedling.
Since the general election, as I have listened to inspiring contributions from Members across the House, I have been constantly reminded that the privilege of being elected to this House brings with it a duty to speak up for those who feel voiceless, powerless and ignored—people like my auntie, Tara Payne, whose first husband, Thomas Muir, died on  1 August 2013  at just 55 years of age, a victim of the infected blood scandal.
Thomas and tens of thousands of others lost their life because their country failed them.
It is only because of the courage, perseverance and resilience of those affected and their families that this Government finally committed to compensating them for this horrifying injustice.
The victims of the infected blood scandal learned through heartbreaking experience that the words of Martin Luther King are as true today as when he first spoke them:
“Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.”
Thirty-six years ago, if you had told the young working-class boy growing up in a terraced house in Arnold, just outside of Nottingham, that he would one day be representing the place he owes everything to in the United Kingdom Parliament, he would never have believed it, and I still do not today.
The values that our great  country and this Parliament stand for, and the parliamentarians and trailblazers who have gone before us, mean that kids from backgrounds like mine can achieve their dreams and ambitions, irrespective of their birthright.
During my time in this House, I promise to do all I can to ensure that children in Gedling and across our country have the best possible start in life and are given the support and education to realise their dreams and their full potential, because if we are not here in this House to leave a better society for future generations, what are we here for at all?
I am only able to stand here and speak from these Benches today for three reasons: a loving family, an excellent education and a wonderful community.
Let me begin with the community that I am proud to call home.
Gedling is a constituency that may not be known by its name, but it certainly should be known by its nature: a beautiful collection of towns and villages to the north-east of the city of Nottingham and bordering the banks of the River Trent.
It is surrounded by the historical footprint of the ancient Sherwood forest and the rural beauty of Nottinghamshire county.
My home town of Arnold is a market town with a proud history of hosiery.
It was the centre of the framework knitting industry in the 19th century, and the site of the first frame-breaking incident of the luddite riots in March 1811—not that I agree with the rioters’ view on technology in the workplace, but their cause, increased pay and conditions and improved living standards, is just as important today as it was then.
That is why I am proud to serve as part of a Government who are introducing the biggest advance in workers’ rights for a generation.
The town of Carlton was once home to a thriving textile industry, and is famous for its brickworks, as well as being home to the late, great actor Richard Beckinsale.
It is now primarily residential, as is the smaller railway town of Netherfield, the beautiful village of Colwick and the bustling high-street community of Mapperley and Porchester.