RECOGNIZING THE SERVICE OF CHIEF MASTER SERGEANT SHARMA J. HAYNES Mr. CROW. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the distinguished career and dedicated service of Chief Master Sergeant Sharma J. Haynes on the occasion of her retirement from the United States Air Force. Chief Master Sergeant Haynes has served our Nation with unwavering commitment for over two decades, leaving an indelible mark on both the Air Force and Space Force. Chief Master Sergeant Haynes served as the Senior Enlisted Airman for Space Base Delta 2 at Buckley Space Force Base in my home state of Colorado. In this crucial role, she was the principal advisor to the installation commander, overseeing the morale, welfare, training, climate, readiness, and professional development of over 1,000 personnel. Her leadership was instrumental in ensuring the effective execution of critical missile warning and intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance missions worldwide. Moreover, she played a vital role in supporting the numerous wings, mission partners, and personnel stationed at Buckley, as well as the extensive retiree community. A native of Greenville, South Carolina, Chief Master Sergeant Haynes entered the Air Force in 2003 and quickly established herself as a dedicated and capable leader. Her diverse background in financial management included positions as Flight Chief, Enlisted Force Development Manager, and Superintendent, with assignments and deployments spanning the globe, from Japan and South Korea to Afghanistan and the Pentagon. Chief Master Sergeant Haynes' commitment to professional development is evident in her extensive education, culminating in a Master of Business Administration degree and completion of numerous prestigious leadership courses. Her dedication to excellence is further highlighted by her numerous awards and decorations, including the Bronze Star Medal and the Meritorious Service Medal with three oak leaf clusters. She has also been recognized with multiple Airman and Noncommissioned Officer