The fact that some prison build that was already in course was able to be brought on line a little earlier to help us get over the crisis of the summer is testament to the people working at the frontline to make sure that those prison spaces were available, but we are still short of prison capacity.
Prisons are still at over 99% capacity, and that is the legacy left by his Government.
He will know that we have important exclusions to the SDS40 policy, and he will know that the offence and the sentence are both taken into account.
I will not give a running commentary on exactly which sentences and which offenders are affected, but he knows what exclusions are in place.
What steps her Department is taking to improve the experience of victims at court.
This Government are committed to improving the victim experience at court.
We will work with the judiciary to fast-track rape cases to ensure timely justice for some of the most vulnerable within the criminal justice system.
Additionally, this Government committed in our manifesto to introducing free, independent legal support for victims of rape from report to trial.
We have also committed to strengthening the victims code and to increasing the Victims’ Commissioner’s powers to make sure that victims’ needs are met.
For victims, giving evidence in a court can sometimes be a very difficult and distressing experience, which is why they sometimes prefer to give evidence via video link.
Can the Minister set out what steps the Government are taking to ensure that more victims can give evidence via video link across our country?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that important question.
Video links are available in all courts to help vulnerable and intimidated witnesses give evidence.
We have recently invested £50,000 to transform witness facilities and upgrade video link rooms in 10 Crown courts.
Pre-recorded evidence is also available in all Crown courts for eligible victims to spare them the trauma of giving evidence at a live trial.
To ensure that victims see justice, criminal cases need to be heard in a timely manner, which relies on a number of courts being in place to be able to hear them.
The future of Chichester Crown court, which is the only Crown court in west Sussex, has been under threat for nearly a decade.
Local campaigners fought to save that provision, leading to its reopening to clear the backlog, but its future remains uncertain.
Will the Minister meet me to ensure the future of Chichester Crown court?
We know that courtroom availability is essential to dealing with the backlog, and I will pass on that message to the courts Minister—the Minister of State, Ministry of Justice, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Swindon South (Heidi Alexander) .
What steps she plans to take to meet prison officer recruitment targets.
My hon.
Friend is completely right: prison officer recruitment targets are essential.
Prison officers do a fantastic job.
We have seen how they have gone above and beyond over recent weeks and months, so I pay tribute to them.
Nationally, we are currently above staffing targets, but challenges remain in certain sites with a high number of vacancies, and bespoke interventions are being developed for those sites.
I thank the Minister for that answer, and I praise the Government team for the way they have responded to the complete chaos left in the wake of 14 years of a Conservative Government.
In my previous work I visited young offenders institutions, which have been left in total chaos by the last Government.
Part of their recklessness was to start a botched recruitment process for the graduate recruitment training programme for prison officers.
It is currently delivered by Unlocked Graduates, which is doing fantastic work.
The Government’s chief inspector of prisons has said there is a real risk that that programme ending will add to the recruitment problems that the Government face.