Over the weekend, Lord MacDonald, the former director of public prosecutions, warned that court backlogs and the complexity of any trials that may arise from a CPS decision in 2026 about the victims of the Grenfell fire may further delay justice.
Could the Minister give us and the victims reassurance that the criminal justice system will not further delay justice for those victims?
As I said to  the hon.
Member for Wimbledon (Mr Kohler) , we will do everything we can to ensure swift justice for the victims of Grenfell.
We plan for the Crown court to sit for at least 105,000 days this financial year, and we will do more to increase the speed with which cases are heard in the Crown court.
The Secretary of State has said that she will review her prisoner early release scheme after 18 months, but will she go further and commit to ending it then, and if not, to returning to this House for a fresh vote on it?
I have committed to the review, because that is the appropriate way, and I will not make early promises that might not be kept.
I have committed to both transparency and a review.
We will publish all the data on a quarterly basis and I will return to the House with the results of the review and the approach that we will take at that point.
The Minister will understand that, often for very personal reasons, victims of sexual assault, such as my constituent, do not always feel comfortable reporting their attack to the police.
She then found it extremely difficult to access specialist support services at what was clearly a very distressing time.
What can we do to improve the accessibility of support services for those victims of sexual assault who do not report it to the police?
Will she meet me to discuss this case further?
The victims code sets out the services and support that victims of crime are entitled to receive from the criminal justice system in England   and Wales.
That includes the right to access support, which applies regardless of whether they decide to report the crime to the police.
I would be delighted to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss this further.
There are yet more depressing figures this morning about drug-related deaths in Scotland.
Will the Government discuss how drug addicts are treated in the criminal justice system and look at ways of improving that to tackle the issue, and perhaps move towards safer consumption?
The hon.
Member is right that drugs in prison is a big issue that the Government are working hard to tackle.
I would be very happy to write to her with further details of what we are doing.
Today, the first tranche of prisoners will be released early under the Government’s emergency measures to address the prison overcrowding crisis.
It is welcome that this Government have excluded some domestic abuse offenders from the scheme.
However, not all domestic abuse perpetrators can be excluded.
Will the Secretary of State consider extending the victim contact scheme to all survivors of domestic abuse and violence against women and girls, regardless of the length of time that their perpetrator spends in prison?
First, let me congratulate my hon.
Friend on succeeding me as chair of the all-party parliamentary group on perpetrators of domestic abuse.
It is a vital APPG and I know that she will do sterling working as its chair.
To confirm, we have excluded from SDS40 certain offences that are frequently connected to domestic abuse, such as stalking and controlling or coercive behaviour.
The victim contact scheme is available to all victims of a sexual, violent or terrorist offence where the offender is sentenced to 12 months or more in custody.
We are working with the sector and others to consider how to improve communication with victims about an offender following a conviction.