That underlines the intention we had in government, when the latest round of support commenced, to ensure a maximum degree of benefit for the UK defence sector in our support for Ukraine.
Will the Secretary of State confirm that that remains a top priority and that, as we supply Ukraine with more and more drones across defence, he will ensure that we rapidly learn the lessons of their deployment so that we can build the ecosystem for our own sovereign uncrewed sector?
We agree that supplying Ukraine with arms has been the right thing to do but—and the public feel this very strongly—that must be accompanied by the replenishment of our own stockpiles and platform inventory.
A top priority of our funded, timetabled commitment to 2.5% was an additional £10 billion to replenish our munitions.
Is the Secretary of State still committed to that extra £10 billion for munitions?
Can he confirm that the delay in setting out a clear timetable to 2.5% will not lead to the deferment of any major munitions orders, either this financial year or next?
The Secretary of State spoke of Russian artillery outfiring Ukraine by 3:1, and he knows the crucial importance of industrial output.
That being so, does he recognise that we must urgently fire up production across our own defence sector by committing to 2.5% as soon as possible?
Finally, one lesson from Ukraine is the vital importance of maintaining air superiority in battle.
In relation to our future combat air capability, I asked the Secretary of State a set of written questions on  29 July  on the sixth-generation global combat air programme spending, and he has to date answered only the questions on historical spend, not those on the current financial year.
Will he therefore confirm whether his Department will be deferring any spending on GCAP planned for the current financial year?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his support, his tone and his commitment to continuing to back further military aid to Ukraine, including the £160 million contract for lightweight multi-role missiles that I announced last week.
He talked about the “mass sacrifice” of Russian personnel, and he is right.
President Putin is a leader who shows contempt for the lives of his own soldiers.
On UK leadership, I have set out to the House my determination to maintain that leadership in the support for Ukraine, and demonstrated how we stepped that up in the first week, in the weeks that followed and last week at Ramstein.
In terms of the lessons for drones, their deployment and our work with Ukraine, we are learning those lessons.
We need to speed that up.
Given  the hon.
Gentleman’s previous job, he will be well aware of the implications for the way in which we procure and contract for capabilities, both for export and for our stockpiles.
On stockpiles, we have—as he will also know—so far spent £1 billion in the UK on replenishment.
We have plans to build that, because we need to boost not just production, but the productive capacity of UK industry, so that we are capable of demonstrating that it can be scaled up in the face of future threats in a way that is not apparent at present.
The hon.
Gentleman asks about long-range missiles.
I have to say that only Putin benefits from an open debate about those sensitive issues, and I will not comment on operational discussions.
There has been no change in the UK’s position.
We continue to provide military aid to Ukraine, as I have set out, to support its clear right to self-defence and in line with the operation of international humanitarian law.
On the question of 2.5%, we will increase defence spending to 2.5% of GDP.
The last time the UK spent 2.5% of GDP on defence was in 2010, when I last stood at this Dispatch Box as part of the previous Labour Government.