Devon and Cornwall-based domestic abuse charity First Light south-west, and national domestic abuse charity Hourglass, which works specifically with older victims, have highlighted to me the challenges that they face with short-term funding streams for their work.
The current year-on-year funding model results in issues with the recruitment and retention of staff, which in turn impacts on service provision to victims.
Specialist services are especially vulnerable given the nature of the support they provide.
Will the Minister commit to providing sustainable long-term funding for frontline domestic abuse services, including for specialist services for older victim survivors, so as better to support victims in my constituency and across the country?
The work that Hourglass and many others do is outstanding, and I place on record my thanks to it for championing the rights of older victims across the piece.
The Ministry of Justice provides police and crime commissioners with annual grant funding to commission local practical, emotional and therapeutic support services for victims of all crime types.
I am hearing loud and clear the calls from the sector, but it would be wrong of me to pre-empt the announcement of funding after March 2025.
We cannot agree that before the spending review, but the Ministry of Justice has allocated £1.2 million of funding over two years to support the training and infrastructure of ISVAs and IDVAs and to support fantastic organisations such as Hourglass that do such brilliant work.
Another forum in which domestic violence is litigated is private children’s cases in our family courts.
The Secretary of State and Ministers will no doubt be aware of the huge delays that families are suffering in having their cases heard and  then those cases being decided.
At the heart of that are children waiting for a conclusion.
What steps are the Government taking to try to expedite those cases, in particular working with other agencies across government including the Children and Family Court Advisory and Support Service and local authorities?
The Government recognise the importance of supporting separating families and, where appropriate, helping them to resolve their issues quickly and without the need to come to court.
This is a complex area.
My officials and I are working closely on it, and I would be happy to update my hon.
Friend with a more thorough review soon.
I call the shadow Minister.
Domestic violence at its most severe becomes murder.
Domestic murder is often the most shocking and brutal.
With that in mind, what assessment has the Minister made of the Killed Women campaign?
I am aware of the Killed Women campaign.
I have liaised closely with it in opposition and now in government.
Its aims are admirable.
Any woman murdered by domestic homicide in this country is one woman too many.
We know that sadly three women a week are being murdered.
That is a shocking statistic that this Government are hoping to tackle.
I thank the Minister for that answer.
In light of that, will she commit to responding to the calls of Carole Gould, Julie Devey and Elaine Newborough and many others to address the injustice of the discrepancy between the starting point for sentences in domestic murder cases versus that for other murder cases?
Will she do so in quick time, so that she can include appropriate measures in the forthcoming victims, courts and public protection Bill?
I am meeting the women imminently to discuss this further, and the Government have committed to a thorough sentencing review.
What recent assessment she has made of the adequacy of the time taken for cases to progress through the criminal justice system.
What steps she is taking to help reduce the time taken for criminal cases to be heard at court.
We are committed to ensuring the swift delivery of justice for victims at all stages of the criminal justice system, and we are working closely with various partners involved to achieve that aim.