What happened to Mr Malkinson is appalling, both for him and for the victim of the crime.
It is vital that lessons are learned.
As the right hon.
Gentleman will know, following the publication of the Henley review of the CCRC’s handling of Mr Malkinson’s case, the Lord Chancellor’s view is that the current chair is unfit to fulfil her duties.
As for resources, the amount that the CCRC has received in recent years has risen, and we will continue to keep that under review.
As the Minister will know, one of the factors that can contribute to backlogs in courts is the existence of basic maintenance problems with the buildings, which prevents cases from being heard.
In Swindon this year, we had a serious fire which resulted in one of the courtrooms being closed and cases being transferred elsewhere.
What investment is being made in courts in places such as Swindon to ensure that justice can be delivered swiftly?
I am very pleased to be responding to a fellow Swindon Member, and I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for giving me the chance to mention our home town during my first ministerial outing.
I should add that I am also grateful to local judiciary court staff and justice stakeholders for their work in maintaining justice during that incident in Swindon.
As the Lord Chancellor said earlier, ensuring that buildings are maintained effectively is critical to the delivery of justice.
My constituent was brave enough to report her husband for the abuse that he put her through.
He has just been released from prison on two conditions: he would be tagged and he was not allowed to go into her village.
He has not been tagged because the Probation Service says that it does not have enough tags and there is a technical  fault, and he entered her village on his first day out of prison, staying overnight.
He was on her street, and his family knocked on her door.
Will the Secretary of State please respond to my letter about my constituent, who feels extremely vulnerable?
Will she also confirm that there are enough tags, and that in cases such as this there will be not just a verbal warning—which is all that her husband received for his actions—but remedial repercussions?
I am not aware of the correspondence to which the hon.
Lady has referred, but I will chase it up and ensure that she receives a comprehensive response.
The coronial system is a mess, with substantial backlogs, a lack of representation for bereaved families, and erratic use of prevention of future deaths reports.
Will the Secretary of State consider reforms to deal with these problems?
If she needs ideas, there is a very good report from the Justice Committee.
I concur: there is an excellent report from the Committee, to which the Government will respond in due course.
I am well aware of some of the issues with the coroners and reporting deaths for bereaved families and I should be delighted to discuss them further with my hon.
Friend.
Catapults are not classed as offensive weapons, but they are being used increasingly in my constituency to injure and kill livestock and pets.
Will the Minister responsible for such matters agree to meet me to discuss how we can deter these people and stop their use of catapults to kill?
I suspect that that may be a matter for my colleagues in the Home Office, but I will happily liaise with the relevant Minister and ensure that the hon.
Lady receives a response.
With permission, Mr Speaker, I will make a statement on Ukraine, but may I first reflect on last week’s dreadful news of the death of Royal Naval pilot Lieutenant Rhodri Leyshon?
On behalf of this House, I pay tribute to him.
He was a consummate professional to his colleagues and was dearly loved by his family.