To confirm, we have excluded from SDS40 certain offences that are frequently connected to domestic abuse, such as stalking and controlling or coercive behaviour.
The victim contact scheme is available to all victims of a sexual, violent or terrorist offence where the offender is sentenced to 12 months or more in custody.
We are working with the sector and others to consider how to improve communication with victims about an offender following a conviction.
The latest figures show that the court backlog sits at nearly 68,000.
Every one of those cases means yet another individual victim or family waiting for justice.
Despite that, the Government plan to cap the number of sitting days in our courts at a lower number than last year, losing 2,000 sitting days, which has drawn criticism from many, including the Bar Council.
Could the Secretary of State tell me why those waiting for justice, including many in North Norfolk, are being forced to wait even longer?
As I have said, the Crown court will sit for more than 105,000 days this financial year—an increase of 28% on the year before the pandemic.
That means that there is more capacity in the Crown court this year than in six of the past seven years.
We have inherited a criminal justice system on life support as a result of the previous Government, and we have a broken economy.
Everyone can see the state of the public finances, and justice is not immune from that.
In Pembrokeshire we have no local solicitors’ firms offering pro bono work, and the nearest free legal advice centre is in Swansea.
Many of my constituents are therefore unable to access to justice, which is particularly distressing in the area of family law and care proceedings.
What steps is the Minister taking to tackle the issue of legal deserts in places such as Pembrokeshire and west Wales?
Access to justice is integral to a fair society, including for our rural communities.
In our courts and tribunals, modernised services and a more effective use of technology can improve people’s access to the justice system, but I recognise that there is more to do and I am happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss that.
A significant proportion of the 1,700 prisoners being released early today, while having been convicted of other offences, have a history of domestic abuse.
What reassurances can the Secretary of State give to domestic abuse victims who fear the release of their perpetrators today?
We have taken every measure available to us and pulled every lever we could to ensure that offences connected to domestic abuse are excluded and that the probation service has had time to prepare.
We will work with it in the coming weeks and months to ensure that release plans are in place and victims are notified in the usual way.
A widow was prosecuted under the single justice procedure after her husband had passed away and the car tax expired.
She was convicted over just £3.34, and the Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency sent the letter to the wrong address.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how we can reform the single justice procedure to make it more accountable and ensure that there is better oversight of the process?
I am very happy to meet my hon.
Friend.
I am also very keen that we keep under review what more can be done to support vulnerable defendants going through the single justice procedure, and to improve oversight and regulation of the organisations using that procedure.
The harm done to families and women by incarcerating women is huge and made worse when they do not have safe homes after they leave.
Some 47% of women are currently leaving prison without settled accommodation.
This breaks up families and leaves them at risk of further exploitation and harm, often the same exploitation that led to their offending.