The harm done to families and women by incarcerating women is huge and made worse when they do not have safe homes after they leave.
Some 47% of women are currently leaving prison without settled accommodation.
This breaks up families and leaves them at risk of further exploitation and harm, often the same exploitation that led to their offending.
Will Ministers tell the House what they are doing to ensure that every woman set to leave prison, including all those leaving early as a result of the Government’s reforms, is supported into safe and stable accommodation?
The hon.
Member is right that this is a big issue.
The Prison and Probation Service is working hard to ensure that appropriate accommodation   is available, and working hard with partners across the country in different regions.
I am very happy to meet the hon.
Member to talk about the issue further.
Amazing charities such as Survive in York depend for their survival on the rape and sexual abuse support fund.
However, without certainty over the amount, and if and when the funding will come, it is hard to leverage funding from other sources, such as the national lottery.
When will the funding be announced, and will the Minister meet me to discuss this vital funding as demand rises?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that question.
I recognise the vital work that Survive in York does to support victims and survivors in her area.
I fully appreciate the importance of notifying police and crime commissioners and providers about future funding as early as possible to effectively commission, plan and deliver those services.
As I have indicated, it would be wrong of me to pre-empt the current spending review.
We know that current providers are concerned about the cliff edge in March 2025.
I fully appreciate that and I would be delighted to meet her to discuss that further.
Will the Secretary of State ensure that measures are put in place in the criminal justice system to support survivors of violence against women and girls, including mandatory training for prosecutors on understanding the impact of trauma on survivors and the release of court transcripts for free for victims of rape?
The hon.
Lady may know that we currently offer free transcripts of judges’ sentencing remarks to families of victims of fatal road offences, murder and manslaughter.
In May, we extended free transcripts of sentencing remarks to victims of rape and serious sexual offences, in a year-long pilot.
We will continue to look at how we can lower the costs of obtaining a court transcript.
Former clients of the law firm SSB Law were unexpectedly pursued for adverse legal costs following the installation of defective cavity wall insulation.
I understand that the Solicitors Regulatory Authority has opened an investigation.
Will the Secretary of State review the situation urgently, including establishing a cross-Government working group on the matter?
I am aware from correspondence that I have received, as the Member of Parliament for Swindon South, that there are significant concerns about the collapse of law firms such as SSB Solicitors, Axiom Law and McClure.
As my hon.
Friend said, the Solicitors Regulation Authority is looking at this, as is the Legal Services Board, and I shall be happy to speak to her further to provide an update.
The Justice Secretary will be aware that the Criminal Cases Review Commission took 17 years to overturn the conviction of Andrew Malkinson, an innocent man, even though DNA evidence exonerating him was available from the fourth year; and his is not the only such case.
Has the Minister any intention of addressing the resources,  regulation and management of the CCRC to ensure that innocent people are not left incarcerated for many years?
What happened to Mr Malkinson is appalling, both for him and for the victim of the crime.
It is vital that lessons are learned.
As the right hon.