This time last year, the Lord Chancellor announced her intention to introduce free legal advocates so that victims of rape can enforce their rights—for example, in relation to the use of their personal information in court.
What progress is the Minister making in bringing forward that vital new protection for victims?
In our manifesto, this Government were clear that we are committed to introducing free, independent legal advice for victims and survivors of rape, from report to trial.
I am working with officials to develop this new policy and to ensure victims get the support they need to understand and uphold their rights as soon as possible.
I plan to draw on lessons learned from the successful pilots in Northumbria, as well as from the Mayor of London’s current ILA pilot.
In the last Session, when the Public Accounts Committee looked at the effect of delays in the criminal justice system on serious sexual and rape cases, it found that some cases were taking five years or more from prosecution to trial, and that some of the poor traumatised victims were simply disappearing because they could not stand it any longer.
Without entering into the blame game, what can the Minister do to improve that situation?
The hon.
Member is right that, although we do not want to get into the blame game, the current status of the criminal justice system is truly appalling.
Rape trials are not getting as fast-tracked as they should be, and we are working at pace to try to remedy that situation.
Currently, 60% of rape victims are pulling out of the criminal justice system.
The attrition rate is far too high, and I am working with officials to improve that rate and to improve victims’ experience at court.
How many prisoners are going to be released today in Kent, and can the Secretary of State guarantee that none of them will be homeless within a month?
As the Lord Chancellor has previously said, we cannot give exact figures for specific areas.
However, we are working with other Departments, including the MHCLG, and with local authorities to ensure that those who are being released from prison today under SDS40 have the accommodation that they need.
The Probation Service has been working around the clock to ensure that.
Order.
That question pushed the boundaries a little bit.
I think it should have been mainly about those who are rapists who are being released.
I thank the Minister for her answers, but what discussions has she had with Education Ministers about supporting victims of rape and sexual assault who are under 18 years of age within our educational institutions?
I thank the hon.
Member for his question.
He will know that this Government have a mission to tackle violence against women and girls.
As I have said, that vision pulls together Departments across Whitehall, including the Department for Education—I recently had a meeting with an Education Minister to discuss exactly that issue.
I have been clear that sex with anyone who cannot consent is a crime, and we are working across Government to tackle it.
From my own experience, I know that independent sexual violence advisers provided by amazing charities such as SurvivorsUK are critical guides to help survivors navigate their path to justice and peace.
Could the Minister commit to redoubling her support for ISVAs and the organisations that make them available to the survivors who need them?
I know that the hon.
Gentleman is passionate about this field of justice.
His question gives me the opportunity also put on record my thanks to ISVAs, who do immense work across this field day in and day out, supporting victims of these abhorrent crimes—the work they do is invaluable.
This Government are committed to introducing independent legal advocates to help victims and survivors get the support they need, and we are working with our stakeholders across the sector to ensure that support is available.