That was a Government who cut defence spending over those first five years by nearly 20%.
May I thank the Secretary of State for his statement, but also the Ministers who have provided cross-party briefings to colleagues?
It really is appreciated.
President Zelensky has called on partners to ensure that aid packages that are announced are delivered to Ukrainians as quickly as possible.
Will the Secretary of State set out the actions that the Government are taking to ensure that aid to Ukraine is sped up?
My hon.
Friend is quite right: stepping up the pledges of aid is one thing, but speeding up the deliveries is another.
That is why, on that second day in Odesa, I made an undertaking to the Defence Minister and President Zelensky that this was a Government who would do both.
I am able to update the Defence Minister in Ukraine of progress on each of the elements of the package that we have pledged.
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his statement.
Even though he has announced nothing new today, I very much welcome that he is keeping this matter at the top of his and the nation’s agenda.
Although he may be able to say little about this, will he forgive those of us  who can speak for continuing to press for the west to untie the hands of our Ukrainian allies, so that they can strike back at those who are striking at them illegally and without justification?
We know that that probably does not apply to this Government, but will he confirm that there are discussions with our allies about this matter?
May I wish him every success in helping us to deliver the freedom and security of the world by breaking the stalemate in Ukraine that will overwhelm the west if we allow it to continue?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his comments and for his welcome to me.
I note the points that he makes.
On the point about my not announcing anything new, I just say to him that I did so on Friday last week.
This is my first opportunity to update the House on the announcements of extra aid not just last week, but in the weeks over the summer recess—and, indeed, the package in our first week in office.
This is the fourth sitting week since the election, and I hope that he will be reassured by my personal undertaking to ensure that I update the House on developments in Ukraine on a regular basis.
I, too, welcome the Secretary of State’s statement and his wholehearted commitment of this country to the defence of our ally in its hour of need in the face of Putin’s aggression.
I am very pleased that my constituency of Stevenage is where many of the Storm Shadow missiles being shipped to Ukraine are manufactured, but, of course, manufacturing missiles and other armaments takes time.
Will the Secretary of State explain what steps he and his Department can take to speed up that process?
I will indeed.
I am delighted to see my hon.
Friend take his place on the Labour Benches as part of a Labour Government speaking up for Stevenage.
His constituency is home not just to the production of some of the most important defence equipment, but to their development and the technology that goes into it.
We will build on some of the steps that  the hon.
Member for South Suffolk (James Cartlidge)  first took as Minister for Defence Procurement in the last months of the previous Government.
I recognise that, with the nature of warfare changing so rapidly—exemplified by what we see in Ukraine—large platforms, which may take many years to produce, risk rapidly becoming outdated in the technology and systems that they cover.