On taking office two months ago, it was immediately clear that we had inherited a prison system at the point of collapse.
That is why our emergency action, which will see certain offenders leave prison a few weeks or months early, has proved necessary.
The measure takes effect today.
I pay tribute to the work of the Prison and Probation Service, which has gone above and beyond the call of duty both in responding to the violent disorder in recent weeks and in preparing for the introduction of those measures.
This marks the beginning of a rescue effort—one that will, in time, allow us to rebuild and reform our justice system in the years ahead.
After the last Government left our prisons on the brink of collapse, I welcome the Secretary of State’s commitment to building new prisons and driving down reoffending.
I also welcome her commitment to additional transparency.
Does she agree that such transparency is a significant departure from the approach of the previous Government, who released thousands of prisoners early in secret?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that it is a significant departure from the approach of the previous Government, who introduced an early release scheme—the end of custody supervised licence scheme—that operated under a veil of secrecy, with no data ever published on the numbers released.
It took our Government to publish the data showing that more than 10,000 offenders were released under that scheme.
I am pleased to say today that we have ended that scheme.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
I am grateful to the Secretary of State for her previous answers on substantive questions about accommodation for prisoners released early.
Further to that, have the Government contracted any specific hotels for potential use by early release prisoners?
I have authorised probation directors in areas to make appropriate provision, if that proves to be needed—at this point, it is not definite that it will be required—to ensure that there is no gap in provision for offenders being released under the SDS40 scheme.
I think the Secretary of State said that none has been contracted at this time.
If they are at any point, further to the point made by  the hon.
Member for Reading West and Mid Berkshire (Olivia Bailey) , will she be open and transparent with the House, local authorities and the public about how many, at what point and, in broad terms, where they will be located?
Yes, I will.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Every 30 seconds, a domestic abuse-related call is made to the police.
It is positive to see that the number of domestic abuse cases referred from the police to the CPS has increased, but those numbers are still well below the level seen over the past five years.
Will the Secretary of State address the delays in domestic abuse referrals from the police to the CPS and acknowledge the unique risks that they pose?
As I have stated, this Government were elected with a landmark mission to halve violence against women and girls within a decade.
To do so, we must improve the justice system’s response to these crimes, including domestic abuse.
We must relentlessly target the most prolific and harmful perpetrators, better support victims and survivors, and ensure timely and effective justice.
We will put domestic abuse experts in 999 control rooms and strengthen the use of protection orders, and we will strengthen the tools available to manage domestic abuse offenders.
Over the weekend, Lord MacDonald, the former director of public prosecutions, warned that court backlogs and the complexity of any trials that may arise from a CPS decision in 2026 about the victims of the Grenfell fire may further delay justice.
Could the Minister give us and the victims reassurance that the criminal justice system will not further delay justice for those victims?
As I said to  the hon.