Gentleman is passionate about this field of justice.
His question gives me the opportunity also put on record my thanks to ISVAs, who do immense work across this field day in and day out, supporting victims of these abhorrent crimes—the work they do is invaluable.
This Government are committed to introducing independent legal advocates to help victims and survivors get the support they need, and we are working with our stakeholders across the sector to ensure that support is available.
What assessment she has made of the impact of recent disorder on the criminal justice system.
What assessment she has made of the impact of recent disorder on the criminal justice system.
The criminal justice system rose to the challenge brought about by the violent disorder we saw over the summer.
As of  22 August , 576 individuals have been brought before the courts.
Of those, 123 have been given a custodial sentence by the Crown court.
As a Crown prosecutor for 21 years, I know only too well that the court backlog has been worsened by repair issues forcing courts to close.
What is the Secretary of State doing to address the repairs needed to the court estate, so that victims in my constituency of Amber Valley and across the country can get access to justice?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that question.
It is of course crucial that courts are in a position where the building—the infrastructure itself—does not prevent them from being able to sit.
It will be a priority for this Government to resolve those issues, so that cases can be heard and victims can be given the justice that they deserve.
It is clear that we have come dangerously close to running out of prison places in the last few months, which as the Prime Minister has rightly said, is
“about as fundamental a failure as you can get”.
Who does the Lord Chancellor blame for this failure, and does she think we will ever get a word of apology from the Conservative party for leaving our prison estate on the brink of disaster?
I would happily give way to anybody on the Opposition Benches if they would like to take up the invitation to offer an apology, but I do not think one will be forthcoming.
I certainly do think that one is required given the state of the prison system that we have inherited, but it is our job to make sure that that never happens again.
That is why we will be launching a review into how the current position was allowed to come to pass.
The Conservative party ignored all the warnings, putting political gain ahead of the country’s best interests, and it will fall to this Government to fix it.
The Government have rightly found prison places for those involved in the recent disorder, but they have done that by continuing their early release policy.
Will the Secretary of State confirm that those guilty of manslaughter are among those able to get early release, and will she explain to the House why people guilty of manslaughter should be released early?
I think the hon.
Member is guilty of wilful ignorance.
He will know full well that the prison system that we inherited was on the point of collapse.
The fact that some prison build that was already in course was able to be brought on line a little earlier to help us get over the crisis of the summer is testament to the people working at the frontline to make sure that those prison spaces were available, but we are still short of prison capacity.
Prisons are still at over 99% capacity, and that is the legacy left by his Government.
He will know that we have important exclusions to the SDS40 policy, and he will know that the offence and the sentence are both taken into account.