After two and a half years of a barbaric Russian invasion, we cannot expect the Ukrainians to keep resisting with one hand tied behind their back.
That means that, while the Russians attack power stations with long-range missiles at will with winter coming, and while they use glide bombs, which are brutally effective as tactical weapons on the frontline, we have to allow the Ukrainians full freedom of action to retaliate, not just as a military necessity, but to maintain their own morale.
They must be bolstered to keep going.
We could help them, and it is about time that we did that one thing.
The right hon.
Gentleman makes his very strong points in his customary way.
This is about not retaliation, but self-defence, and he is quite right to say that the impact of the “moral” often outweighs the impact of the physical.
When I updated the House on the physical—the 900 sq km of the Kursk region that is now in Ukrainian hands—the “moral”, or morale, impact on Ukrainian troops and Ukrainian citizens has been huge, so just as it is putting pressure on Putin, it is also lifting the spirits of Ukraine after nearly 1,000 days of a bloody battle against Putin’s invasion.
The Secretary of State spent the last Sunday of the election campaign in Prestwick, near our town’s world war two Polish war memorial.
Within days, he was in Odesa and has stepped up and sped up the support that the UK is delivering.
Does he agree that we have started as we mean to go on and that this Government will stand with Ukraine for as long as it takes?
Yes, I do.
It is a real pleasure to see my hon.
Friend in his place.
He brings expertise from a very wide field of foreign-policy affairs.
I know that he will make a big contribution to this House, and if I made a small contribution to his election campaign, then I am doubly pleased to see him.
The Secretary of State was a consistent supporter of Ukraine in opposition, so it is no surprise to hear that positive statement from him today.
When he goes into battle with the Chancellor of the Exchequer for a good defence budget, will he remind her that, in the 1980s and the cold war, we regularly spent 4.5% to 5.1% of GDP on defence?
Will he also assure the House that if America elects a President who does not wish to support Ukraine, the support for Ukraine by the remaining European members of NATO will intensify, not diminish?
When, as a Government, we declare that we are ready, we show that by stepping up support for Ukraine.
When we say that we will stand with Ukraine for as long as it takes for it to prevail, we mean it.
Whatever the decisions of other countries may or may not be, I do not expect—whatever the result of the US elections—for the US to walk away from Ukraine.
I said in my statement that if big countries with authoritarian rulers can redraw international boundaries by force, the sovereignty and security of all nations are left weakened.
On the question of defence spending, we are a Government who will not be having battles, as the right hon.
Member put it.
But I will go into the discussions that I will inevitably have with the Chancellor with a copy of our Labour manifesto, which, at the election, said that we are a Government who will spend 2.5% of GDP on defence.
We will increase spending on defence, which is entirely the opposite of what happened when we had the change of Government in 2010.
That was a Government who cut defence spending over those first five years by nearly 20%.
May I thank the Secretary of State for his statement, but also the Ministers who have provided cross-party briefings to colleagues?
It really is appreciated.