I am grateful to the Secretary of State, but I have the statutory instrument and the list of exclusions in the schedule here, and those offences are not specifically included in that list of exclusions.
My fear is—and this would be deeply disappointing—that many domestic abusers who were convicted for those offences but received fewer than five years may be eligible for early release and be considered for it, because her scheme does not explicitly exclude those offences.
Given that, the reality is that the Government’s claim that domestic abusers will not be eligible to benefit from the scheme will ring very hollow to victims of domestic abuse and the wider public, won’t it?
With respect to the shadow Lord Chancellor, what will ring hollow to members of the public is the Tory party’s new-found commitment to exclusions for domestic abuse, and the sheer hypocrisy of talking about exclusions to this policy when he was a Minister in the previous Government who brought in the end of custody supervised licence scheme, which had no exclusions relating to domestic abuse whatsoever—[Interruption.]
He talks about the governor lock from a sedentary position, but he knows full well that that was an attempt to shift the blame away from ministerial decision making and to place it on governors—something I am not sure was much appreciated by those who run our prisons.
We have taken every step and every mechanism available to us to exclude offences connected to domestic abuse and, crucially, to give the probation service time to prepare—something the previous Government never did.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
It is clear that our prisons are at breaking point.
The Conservatives’ failure to tackle the courts backlog has directly contributed to prison overcrowding.
Thanks to their neglect and mismanagement, the Government have been left with no choice but to take these measures.
However, the Lord Chancellor said in her statement in July that these measures would be reviewed
“within 18 months of implementation—at the very latest, in March 2026.”—[Official Report,  25 July 2024 ; Vol.
752, c. 833.]
That is a long time away, particularly given the various stories we are hearing about certain individuals being released.
Will the Secretary of State once again confirm that no dangerous criminals will be released early?
We have taken every measure available to us to exclude offences from this measure.
Serious violence, sexual violence and offences connected to domestic abuse have all been excluded, as have terror offences and so on—the hon.
Gentleman will know the list of exclusions.
We will work with our probation service, which has done a heroic amount of work over the summer to deliver this policy, in the coming months.
We will also work very closely with criminal justice system partners to make sure that the roll-out of the scheme is as safe as possible.
We have taken every measure, we will continue to keep matters under review and I will keep the House updated in due course.
We need to speed up a little.
We are only now getting to Question 2.
What steps she is taking to support the rehabilitation of offenders.
What steps she is taking to support the rehabilitation of offenders.
What steps her Department is taking to help reduce levels of reoffending.
Hon.
Members are right to focus on reducing reoffending.
Nearly 80% of offending is reoffending, and it has an immense cost to the taxpayer and to communities.
As the Lord Chancellor said, we have inherited a difficult situation in relation to prison capacity, which makes it harder to address the rehabilitation needs of prisoners.
The House should have no doubt that this Government will roll up our sleeves and get on with the job of reducing reoffending.
My point speaks to what the Minister just said.