What steps her Department is taking to support victims of rape and sexual violence.
What steps her Department is taking to support victims of rape and sexual violence.
The Government are deeply committed to supporting victims of rape and sexual violence.
To do that, we will increase the powers of the Victims’ Commissioner and get victims the information that they need, provide free legal advocates to uphold the rights of victims of rape, and fast-track rape cases to drive down waiting times for victims of those abhorrent offences.
Last week, “Emmerdale” aired an upsetting episode dealing with the domestic abuse suffered by Belle Dingle.
The storyline has shown just how difficult it can be for someone to leave an abusive relationship, not least because of the psychological control exercised by abusers.
Some victims also need somewhere to go for safety.
According to the latest available figures, Scarborough has the highest rate of reported domestic abuse in North Yorkshire, but there is still no refuge for victims in the town.
Will my hon.
Friend work with me, colleagues across Government and stakeholders to find the funding to ensure that a refuge finally opens in Scarborough?
As an avid “Emmerdale” fan, I saw that harrowing episode.
It goes to show the importance of TV drama in raising awareness of these vital issues.
The Government are committed to halving violence against women and girls within a decade.
The Ministry of Justice is working with Departments across Whitehall, including the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government, to support local authorities to meet their statutory duties, including refuges for all victims of domestic abuse who need them.
We know, though, that it is not just refuge support that is important; wider community-based support is important too, and the MOJ provides funding to police and crime commissioners to commission those vital services for victims.
Victims of alleged rape in Truro and Falmouth and across the country are having their trials pushed back for months, if not years, often very shortly before those trials are set to begin.
That leads to severe distress for victims and families, and can have unintended consequences, such as bail conditions becoming outdated as victims wait so long for their cases to come to trial that addresses change in the meantime.
Will the Minister please outline what she is doing to prevent or minimise the potential harm caused by such unintended consequences and to bring those long-delayed cases to a speedy conclusion?
I thank my hon.
Friend for highlighting the awful state our criminal justice system was left in by the previous Government.
We are committed to ensuring swift delivery of justice for victims at all stages of the criminal justice system, and we are working closely with various partners to achieve that aim.
We know that due to the complexity of their cases, rape victims often wait disproportionately long periods for their trial compared with victims of other offence types.
Reducing waiting times for victims is a priority for me and this Government, which is why we have committed to fast-tracking rape cases through the justice system.
I recently saw at first hand at Bristol Crown court how that can be done, and how our judges are working tirelessly to make it happen.
Many will be watching with horror the extraordinarily disturbing case unfolding in France, in which drugs were allegedly used to facilitate the abuse of a woman by her husband and over 70 men.
Like many across the House, I have received communication from victims of spiking in my town of Weston-super-Mare.
They and I are keen to know what steps the Minister is taking to crack down on the devastating crime of spiking here in the UK.
The case in France is truly shocking, and we have all looked on in horror as the details have unfolded.