With permission, Mr Speaker, I will make a statement on Ukraine, but may I first reflect on last week’s dreadful news of the death of Royal Naval pilot Lieutenant Rhodri Leyshon?
On behalf of this House, I pay tribute to him.
He was a consummate professional to his colleagues and was dearly loved by his family.
He will be sorely missed by so many, and the thoughts of this House are with them today.
It has now been 930 days since Putin launched his full-scale illegal invasion of Ukraine—930 days in which Ukrainian forces have fought heroically while communities have endured relentless attacks.
Children have been stolen to Russia, and families have seen their homes destroyed.
Yet, throughout everything, Ukraine has stood tall in the face of Russian aggression.
Since day one, when I was the shadow Defence Secretary and sat in the place now occupied by  the hon.
Member for South Suffolk (James Cartlidge) , this House, and our country, has been united for Ukraine.
In opposition, Labour backed every package of military aid, every sanction on Russia and every scheme to support civilians, such as Homes for Ukraine.
I know the Opposition will continue to work with the Government in the same way, because this House stands united for Ukraine.
I have been proud of UK leadership on Ukraine, and I am determined that it will continue.
I am also determined to work across this House, so I will offer Opposition leaders regular intelligence assessments on the conflict.
I will offer MPs of all parties regular Ministry of Defence and Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office briefings, the second of which took place in the MOD this morning.
More than 100 colleagues from both sides of the House have attended the briefings, and the House will receive regular updates on the conflict from me.
Ukraine is a first-order priority for me as Defence Secretary, and for this Government.
That is why, on the second day in the job, I flew to Odesa and joined President Zelensky and his team for the afternoon.
I told him that the Ukrainians’ courage inspires the world.
I also told him that this new Government will step up support for Ukraine at this critical moment.
In our first week, we announced a new package of UK military support, including ammunition, missiles and artillery guns; a new commitment to speed up the deliveries pledged by the previous Government; and a promise to spend £3 billion on military support for Ukraine this year, next year and every year for as long as it takes.
In the weeks since, we have stepped up support even further.
We have signed a new £3.5 billion defence industrial support treaty, hit the £1 billion milestone for the International Fund for Ukraine, advanced the UK-led maritime and drone capability coalitions, and agreed a new £300 million contract for artillery shells.
At the Ukraine Defence Contact Group meeting in Ramstein on Friday last week, I announced a new £160 million production contract for air defence missiles.
I also announced that the UK’s Operation Interflex, which has trained 45,000 Ukrainian troops since 2022, will extend beyond this year and throughout 2025.
Our support is both short term and long term, entailing  immediate provision and long-term production.
We are training troops today and developing Ukrainian forces for the future.
This approach gives the Ukrainians the confidence to plan, and it sends a signal to Putin that the UK and our allies will stand with Ukraine for as long as it takes.
There have been important battlefield developments during the past month.
In the first week of August, Ukrainian forces launched a remarkable offensive across Russia’s border and into the Kursk region.
This exposed the vulnerabilities of Putin’s frontline forces, and it demonstrates Ukraine’s ability to achieve surprise strategic attacks.
It also helps to better defend Ukraine and its northern centres by pushing back against sites from which Russia can launch deadly attacks.