The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps her Department is taking to increase prison capacity.
What steps her Department is taking to increase prison capacity.
Today is the day that those on the Opposition Benches always knew was coming.
The legacy of the previous Government was a prison system on the brink of collapse, which left us with no choice.
Today, around 1,700 offenders have had to be released a few weeks or months early by changing their automatic release point from 50% to 40% of their sentence.
Had we not done so, we faced courts unable to hold trials, police unable to make arrests and a total breakdown of law and order.
This is not the long-term solution—there is more that we must do—but it was the necessary first step that we had to take following the disgraceful dereliction of duty of the previous Government.
I refer hon.
Members to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
One way to reduce pressure on numbers is to treat more offenders with drug and alcohol addictions outside the prison estate.
That reduces prisoner numbers and reduces reoffending, which means fewer victims and fewer people returning to prison.
Such a system is operating successfully in many parts of the country, but it requires the highest quality treatment.
It also requires probation to work well, otherwise magistrates are limited in their choices.
May I encourage the Secretary of State to get hold of Dame Carol Black’s internal review of treatment and recovery of drug-dependent people in the secure estate if she has not already done so?
I have not seen it, obviously, but I am certain that it will contain many excellent recommendations.
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
He is right: good quality work on rehabilitation to reduce reoffending and deal with drug and alcohol issues is critical to dealing with not just the rehabilitation of offenders, but the prison system.
He will know that nearly 80% of offending is reoffending, which is far too high.
The situation at the moment is that it is impossible  to do good-quality, rehabilitative work in prisons that are more than 99% full, with prisoners locked up for 23 hours a day, so the first step is to address capacity.
Once we have done so, we will be able to build on recommendations made by experts in this area to make sure that we do everything we can to reduce reoffending.
I thank the Secretary of State for her answer.
My constituency of Wrexham is home to one of the UK’s largest prisons.
It is well known that if an offender has fixed and secure accommodation to go to, they are less likely to reoffend.
What steps is she taking to ensure that those released today under SDS40 will have accommodation on release, including in Wrexham?
We are working closely with colleagues from the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government to understand the impact on the housing sector, but, as is the case any time a prisoner is released, probation staff are working hard to prepare release plans, including permanent and temporary accommodation.
If an offender is at risk of homelessness on release, they will be housed in community accommodation.
We expect to provide housing for the majority of offenders using existing provision, but, should there not be enough, I have authorised probation directors to make use of alternative arrangements, including budget hotels, as a temporary measure for the cases that we will see in the next few weeks.
During the debate on early prisoner release in July, the impact assessment produced suggested that there would be 5,500 fewer prison places than planned for because of the need to meet the capital savings that were discussed at the time.
When I raised that with the Secretary of State, she said that this matter would be under review.