What recent assessment she has made of the adequacy of the time taken for cases to progress through the criminal justice system.
What steps she is taking to help reduce the time taken for criminal cases to be heard at court.
We are committed to ensuring the swift delivery of justice for victims at all stages of the criminal justice system, and we are working closely with various partners involved to achieve that aim.
In relation to the courts, we plan to sit more than 105,000 working days in the Crown court this financial year, and we continue to hear criminal cases at Nightingale courts.
We are also considering other measures to speed up justice for victims, and we will make further announcements in due course.
I thank the Minister for her answer.
After waiting seven years for the Grenfell inquiry to report, the bereaved families and survivors have now been told that they must wait two or possibly three years for a decision on whether and whom to prosecute.
As Martin Luther King said,
“justice too long delayed is justice denied.”
I understand from the Crown Prosecution Service, which I met recently, that much of the delay is for the discovery process, where the welter of digital information must be assessed.
Can the Minister tell me what is being done to address these delays and whether things such as artificial intelligence are being contemplated?
As the Prime Minister made clear, those affected by the Grenfell tragedy have already waited too long for justice.
I can assure the hon.
Gentleman that anything in my or my Department’s power that needs to be done will be done.
The Government fully support the Metropolitan police and the Crown Prosecution Service as they complete their investigations and bring prosecutions to trial, while respecting their operational independence.
I am sure the use of all forms of technology will be considered in that process.
Perhaps too many barristers have become politicians, but however caused, how will the Minister address the shortage at the criminal Bar?
I hesitate to answer the right hon.
Gentleman’s question, given that my boss is a former barrister—I say that we cannot have too many.
Only last week I discussed the adequacy of numbers of legal professionals in the Crown court with the chair of the Criminal Bar Association, Mary Prior, and I will be working with the profession to ensure not only that we are recruiting sufficient barristers to work in the courts, but that we are retaining barristers at the criminal Bar.
Our team in Newport East are trying hard to raise the issue of how long cases are taking for constituents—we inherited those delays from the Conservatives—but even the CPS is taking months to answer basic queries about where the delays are in cases.
Will the Minister urge the CPS to respond faster?
I will take that away and do that.
Does the Minister agree that a properly funded legal aid scheme both here and in Scotland is essential for access to justice, and that the decline in this vital public service that both the Tories and the SNP have presided over is nothing short of disgraceful?
What we are experiencing is the very long tail of the Legal Aid, Sentencing and Punishment of Offenders Act 2012, which has meant that both the civil and criminal legal aid sectors have faced huge challenges.
That is vital to people’s access to justice.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
On taking office two months ago, it was immediately clear that we had inherited a prison system at the point of collapse.
That is why our emergency action, which will see certain offenders leave prison a few weeks or months early, has proved necessary.
The measure takes effect today.