In the first week of August, Ukrainian forces launched a remarkable offensive across Russia’s border and into the Kursk region.
This exposed the vulnerabilities of Putin’s frontline forces, and it demonstrates Ukraine’s ability to achieve surprise strategic attacks.
It also helps to better defend Ukraine and its northern centres by pushing back against sites from which Russia can launch deadly attacks.
Around 900 sq km of territory is now held by Ukrainian forces in the Kursk region, and this has put Putin under pressure.
After initial disarray, Russian forces are now deploying to the area in greater numbers.
But eastern Ukraine continues to be Russia’s main focus, with tactical advances bringing Pokrovsk within approximately 8 km of the frontline.
With Russia continuing to rely on infantry-led assaults, its casualties remain high and rising.
Daily casualties have doubled from this time last year, with Russia averaging more than 1,100 a day killed or wounded in July and August alone.
Meanwhile, recent Russian air bombardments have been some of the most intense since the start of the war.
President Zelensky stated on Friday in Ramstein that 4,000 missiles and drones were fired at Ukraine in the last month, targeting critical national infrastructure and attacking civilian centres, including Poltava and Lviv in the last week.
Since 2022, the impact of this has been that Russia has destroyed or captured more than 50% of Ukraine’s power generation capacity, forcing Ukraine to implement power outages with winter approaching.
Meanwhile at sea, Ukraine has scored some significant successes, including driving Russia’s fleet out of the western Black sea to reopen export trading routes and destroying or damaging 26 Russian naval vessels operating in the Black sea, including a Russian Kilo class submarine just last month.
Despite these notable achievements, Russian pressure across the whole of the frontline will continue in the months ahead.
Russian industry remains on a war footing, Russian artillery is outfiring Ukraine by at least three to one, and Russia is also conscripting or recruiting 400,000 additional soldiers this year.
For the coming weeks, two things are clear: Ukrainians need to strengthen their frontline in the east and look to hold the territory in Kursk.
The longer they hold Kursk, the weaker Putin becomes.
The longer they hold Kursk, the better defended Ukraine will be.
This was discussed at the US-led Ukraine Defence Contact Group that I attended last Friday with other Defence Ministers and President Zelensky.
This was where military support and unity for Ukraine were strengthened among 50 allied nations, and where the US Defence Secretary Lloyd Austin served an important reminder to everyone:
“If Ukraine is not free, the world is not safe.”
This is why the defence of the UK starts in Ukraine.
If President Putin prevails in Ukraine, he will not stop at Ukraine.
If big nations redraw international boundaries by force, the sovereignty and security of all nations is undermined.
That is why UK support, alongside allies, is so important: military, economic, industrial and diplomatic support.
I also want this House to know that we are seeing clear growing signs of Russian aggression beyond Ukraine.
NATO allies are reporting Russian drones violating their airspace.
The heads of the UK and US security services have confirmed that Russian intelligence is conducting a “reckless campaign of sabotage” across Europe, and last week the National Cyber Security Centre revealed that Russia’s specialist GRU unit is conducting offensive cyber operations directed at Governments and civilian infrastructure.
Putin is targeting our security.
He is targeting our way of life.
We face a decade of growing Russian aggression, but this is a Government who will protect our people and our country.
We will actively deter and defend against Russian threats, working in partnership with allies.
That is why, as a new Government, our defence policy will now be NATO first.
As we approach 1,000 days of war, this conflict is at a critical moment.
That is why the UK is stepping up support.