I am sure that Lieutenant Leyshon’s family will appreciate the hon.
Gentleman’s comments.
The outcome of the US presidential election will be determined by the American people.
This country has a deep relationship with the US: it is our most important security ally, and we are its most important intelligence ally.
The relationship goes back decades and has survived the ups and downs of the political cycles on both sides of the Atlantic.
We are determined that it will do so again, whatever the result of the election.
On the question of training, I cannot match the hon.
Gentleman in citing 18th-century military figures, but I can say that the mismatch between the level of training that we and allies are trying to provide to Ukrainian troops is part of the attempt to counter the outmatch in numbers on the Russian side.
I can confirm to the House that that includes not just the 45,000 Ukrainian troops trained so far under Operation Interflex since Putin’s invasion, but the 93 F-16 pilots trained in English and technical matters as well as flying, and almost 1,000 Ukrainian marines trained by the UK, working with allies.
That is why I was able to make the announcement last week at Ramstein that this important UK training effort, linked into the new NATO arrangements, will be part of the way that we equip Ukraine forces for the future to be better prepared and trained than their Russian adversaries.
Let us be under no illusion: in the face of Russian aggression and invasion, the defence of the UK starts in Ukraine.
My right hon.
Friend the Defence Secretary was right to focus not only on the immediate challenges facing Ukraine but on the longer-term imperatives.
Does he agree that the UK-Ukraine friendship is not just for the short term or for as long as it takes, but must endure in the years and decades to come?
I do indeed.
A lot of attention is given to military aid to support Ukraine’s short-term needs—its immediate battlefield requirements—but in the longer  term we need to reinforce Ukraine’s capacity to produce for itself.
That is why an important element of the steps we have taken to step up support for Ukraine, since the election just two months ago, has been to sign a defence export treaty, which I was privileged to sign with Defence Minister Umerov in No.
10 Downing Street.
It provides some £3.5 billion-worth of export credit guarantees that will help us do more to get the equipment Ukraine needs manufactured and exported, and into Ukrainian hands for its fight against Putin’s invasion.
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his statement.
People in Ukraine are facing great challenges, and we can see how much resource Russia is throwing at the situation.
Most colleagues on the Government Benches feel it is time for Storm Shadow to be allowed to be used with freedom by the Ukrainian people.
Will the right hon.
Gentleman set out the legal restrictions that are stopping that from happening?
Conflicting briefings have been coming out of Government.
That is not a matter I am prepared to discuss openly, as such a debate would benefit Putin.
The principle upon which this country has given, and will continue to give, weapons to Ukraine is that those weapons support Ukraine’s defence and its right to self-defence as a sovereign nation.
To do so, across the board, does not preclude Ukraine from striking targets in Russia, if that is part of that determination and strategy for self-defence and provided it is within the bounds of international humanitarian law.
Without wishing for one second to diminish the threat of Putin’s Russia or the sacrifices that Ukrainians continue to make, I note that Moscow’s airport was closed by Ukrainian drone attacks this morning, that the Russian central bank will raise interest rates to 18% on Friday, and that half a million Russian troops have been killed.