As the Lord Chancellor said, we have inherited a difficult situation in relation to prison capacity, which makes it harder to address the rehabilitation needs of prisoners.
The House should have no doubt that this Government will roll up our sleeves and get on with the job of reducing reoffending.
My point speaks to what the Minister just said.
The lack of prison capacity means that some people are locked up in their cells for 22 or 23 hours a day, and many prisons are ranked insufficient or poor for delivering purposeful activities such as education and training.
How does the Minister plan to address that while we still have a bulging prison population?
How will he increase the provision of those purposeful activities?
We are taking the hard decisions that are necessary to create space and capacity in the Prison Service to address that issue.
The hon.
Member is right that the report from His Majesty’s Inspectorate of Prisons identified the provision of sufficient purposeful activity as its No.
1 issue to address.
We know that education and employment help to reduce significantly the chance of reoffending, and we will work to do that with the Prison and Probation Service.
rose—
Order.
You are supposed to sit down, Minister!
I know that you are enjoying the Dispatch Box on your return, but please do not over-enjoy it.
I call Monica Harding.
As my hon.
Friend  the Member for Carshalton and Wallington (Bobby Dean)  mentioned, the chief inspector of prisons said this morning that prisoners can sometimes be banged up in their cells for up to 22 hours a day, that classrooms and workshops are empty, and that education and training are simply not given the priority they need.
Does the Secretary of State agree that, in order to cut reoffending, it is time to introduce a proper workable plan to improve the rehabilitation of people leaving prison?
My own example demonstrates that training and education are very important in whatever role one takes on, so I agree wholeheartedly with what the hon.
Member says.
Addressing literacy in UK prisons is crucial for successful rehabilitation.
Improved literacy skills empower inmates with better job prospects, aiding their reintegration into society.
Education fosters personal growth, self-esteem and decision-making abilities, which are essential for a crime-free life.
Investing in prison literacy programmes is a vital step towards creating safer communities and offering inmates a genuine second chance.
What comprehensive strategies are being implemented to address that?
My hon.
Friend is exactly right: literacy and numeracy are crucial.
I was pleased to visit HMP Humber recently, where I saw excellent best practice.
It is important that those programmes are in place, that we learn from best practice and that we continue to do our best in that area.
A key driver of rehabilitation and the prevention of reoffending is sentencing policy.
In our manifesto, we promised a review of sentencing policy—quite properly.
When is that likely to take place, and will it take account of the very interesting recent paper by former Lord Chief Justices on sentencing inflation?
The paper to which my hon.
Friend refers is a significant one, and I urge all Members to look at it.
The Government are committed to a review of sentencing policy, and it will commence as soon as it can.
We will report in due time.
What steps her Department is taking to support victims of rape and sexual violence.
What steps her Department is taking to support victims of rape and sexual violence.
What steps her Department is taking to support victims of rape and sexual violence.
What steps her Department is taking to support victims of rape and sexual violence.
What steps her Department is taking to support victims of rape and sexual violence.
What steps her Department is taking to support victims of rape and sexual violence.
The Government are deeply committed to supporting victims of rape and sexual violence.