Part of their recklessness was to start a botched recruitment process for the graduate recruitment training programme for prison officers.
It is currently delivered by Unlocked Graduates, which is doing fantastic work.
The Government’s chief inspector of prisons has said there is a real risk that that programme ending will add to the recruitment problems that the Government face.
Will they restart that procurement process and meet me to discuss its future?
I am happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss that matter.
His Majesty’s Prison and Probation Service worked to reprocure the next iteration of the graduate scheme, with contracts for an open procurement exercise.
Although Unlocked Graduates was identified as the winning bidder and was offered the contract, it did not confirm its intent to sign the contract.
The Department is now working hard to come up with plans to put a graduate scheme in place for future years.
What steps she is taking to tackle the court backlog.
What assessment she has made of the implications for her policies of the backlog of cases in courts.
It is good to be back.
Mr Speaker.
The Government are committed to reducing caseloads and bringing waiting times down for court users across all jurisdictions.
We continue to keep 18 Nightingale courtrooms open across eight venues, so that we have more physical capacity to hear cases in all jurisdictions.
We plan to sit more than 105,000 days in the Crown court and more than 102,000 days in the family court this financial year, enabling us to work through as many cases as possible.
Hartlepool’s court building has stood empty since 2017, after it was mothballed by the then Conservative Government.
Will my hon.
Friend investigate the potential for reopening Hartlepool’s court as part of our efforts to expand capacity and clear the backlog, and will she meet me to discuss the issue further?
You might want to reopen Chorley court, which is also empty.
I hear you, Mr Speaker.
I welcome the question from my hon.
Friend.
He will know that His Majesty’s Courts and Tribunals Service keeps the court estate under regular review to ensure that it meets operational requirements.
I am afraid there are currently no plans to reopen Hartlepool magistrates court, but I would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend alongside officials from HMCTS to discuss his concerns.
The reasons behind the increased caseload in our criminal courts are complex and multifaceted, but the number of courtrooms available is not the main constraint we currently face.
Torquay magistrates court closed in the last decade, and therefore justice is served somewhat distantly from our communities in Torbay.
Can the Minister assure the House that there will be some reviews to ensure that justice is served more locally to our communities in south Devon?
I may be having another meeting, with the hon.
Gentleman, as well as looking at the court in Chorley, and I am happy to discuss that matter with him.
What support her Department is providing to victims of domestic abuse.
This Government are deeply committed to supporting domestic abuse victims, and we provide funding to police and crime commissioners, who commission community-based support services for domestic abuse victims and survivors, and independent domestic violence advisors.
Domestic abuse victims are automatically eligible for certain special measures in court such as screens or video links, and the pathfinder pilot in family courts aims to improve experiences and outcomes for children and families affected by domestic abuse.
Devon and Cornwall-based domestic abuse charity First Light south-west, and national domestic abuse charity Hourglass, which works specifically with older victims, have highlighted to me the challenges that they face with short-term funding streams for their work.
The current year-on-year funding model results in issues with the recruitment and retention of staff, which in turn impacts on service provision to victims.
Specialist services are especially vulnerable given the nature of the support they provide.