Like many across the House, I have received communication from victims of spiking in my town of Weston-super-Mare.
They and I are keen to know what steps the Minister is taking to crack down on the devastating crime of spiking here in the UK.
The case in France is truly shocking, and we have all looked on in horror as the details have unfolded.
I commend the victim for her bravery in coming forward and making it public so that we can see the full aspects of the trial.
Spiking is a despicable crime.
We have committed to introduce a new criminal offence of spiking and we are considering how best to implement it.
To be clear, in England and Wales, having sex with a person who cannot consent is rape, and spiking with intent to engage in sexual activity is a specific offence, with a maximum penalty of 10 years in prison.
Ten years ago, Jack and Paul Sykes, aged 12 and nine respectively, tragically lost their lives at the hands of their abusive father, who set their house on fire.
Their mother, my constituent Claire Throssell, is a powerful campaigner against presumptive contact—a legal principle that allowed a known domestic abuser to access Jack and Paul.
Will the Minister meet Claire and me to discuss how we can properly protect children from domestic abuse in our family court system?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that really important question.
Claire’s tireless campaigning for families and children experiencing domestic abuse is inspirational, and my thoughts are with her and the whole community as the anniversary comes closer next month.
Both the criminal and family justice systems will play an essential role in delivering our commitment to halve violence against women and girls.
The family court system must protect child victims of domestic abuse, and the new pathfinder courts provide more support for domestic abuse agencies and ensure that the child’s welfare and voice is at the centre of proceedings from the outset.
The Government and I take the need to respond robustly to perpetrators within the family courts very seriously.
The previous Government were reviewing the presumption of parental involvement.
We are considering the findings and will respond in due course.
I draw the Minister’s attention to the work of Bradford council and West Yorkshire Mayor Tracy Brabin, who have launched the safety of women and girls initiative, together with a dedicated women’s safety unit within West Yorkshire police.
What support can the Government offer to bolster the efforts of local authorities such as Bradford to stamp out violence against women and girls in our communities?
My hon.
Friend’s question gives me the opportunity to also place on record my thanks to Mayor Tracy Brabin for all the incredible work she is doing in this field.
She is an outstanding champion for tackling violence against women and girls, and we should be doing more work like hers across Government.
As I have said, we are committed to halving violence against women and girls within a decade.
We are supporting colleagues across Whitehall, including at the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government, to ensure close collaboration with local authorities.
In addition, the duty to collaborate under the Victims and Prisoners Act 2024 will facilitate improved multi-agency working and encourage all local commissioners to provide joined-up working for victims of all crimes, including violence against women and girls.
This time last year, the Lord Chancellor announced her intention to introduce free legal advocates so that victims of rape can enforce their rights—for example, in relation to the use of their personal information in court.
What progress is the Minister making in bringing forward that vital new protection for victims?
In our manifesto, this Government were clear that we are committed to introducing free, independent legal advice for victims and survivors of rape, from report to trial.