Lady in formally conveying my sympathies to Mr Speaker on the loss of his father; I have spoken to him privately, and written to him as well.
I also congratulate 3 Dads Walking on being awarded the petition of the year by the Petitions Committee for their important work on suicide prevention, and wish all colleagues—18 of them in total—and everyone else running the marathon good luck.
On Monday evening, the very special Jewish festival of Passover begins.
Like their ancestors before them, Jewish families around the world will gather around their Seder tables to retell the story of the Jewish people’s exodus from Egypt.
However, this year many of them will be leaving an empty seat open at those tables for those still held captive by Hamas in Gaza.
I hope this will be the last Jewish holiday where they are unable to celebrate with their families, and wish chag sameach to all those celebrating.
I also thank all hon.
Members for their resolve and support with regard to Israel’s security—that is an important message that we send from this House.
The hon.
Lady mentions the issue of the Foreign Secretary, and the Government’s work in that regard, being accountable to this House.
Since the Foreign Secretary was appointed, we have had eight Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office statements, three prime ministerial statements on foreign affairs, a general debate in Government time on the situation in the Red sea and 17 Westminster Hall debates responded to by FCDO ministers, as well as oral questions in both Houses.
We are sticking with the usual precedents of both Houses.
The hon.
Lady asks me to comment on defence, and I am very happy to compare this Government’s record with the last Labour Government’s record.
We have had the largest uplift to the defence budget since the end of the cold war.
When we came into office, we inherited a defence budget and equipment programme with a £71 billion black hole, on Royal United Services Institute figures.
I remember from my own constituency that Portsmouth, Faslane and Plymouth were having to state the case to continue to be naval bases in this country.
The previous Labour Government knew their record with members of the armed forces was poor, because in 2005 they disenfranchised all of them by changing the rules on voter registration.
The hon.
Lady points to the vote on smoking.
I think free votes in this place on such matters are good.
However, whatever our difference of opinion, in future years I am hopeful there will be fewer fag packets around on which Labour economic teams can do their sums, and I think that is a jolly good thing.
Labour Members seem to be continuing to push their line on national insurance contributions.
Good look to them in that respect, but let me just point out some of the reasons why it will not get traction.
National insurance contributions receipts do not determine the NHS budget or pensions, it is only the Labour party that has cut the NHS budget and it is actually Labour’s policy—at least,  it was when I came into the Chamber—to support our tax cuts.
I hope that is helpful information for the hon.
Lady.
The hon.
Lady mentioned some very serious allegations and other incidents that came to light during the recess.
These are very serious matters and some of them are under police investigation, so she would not expect me to comment on them, but we take these matters very seriously.
We have taken action again this week to improve online safety and other matters.
The deepfake phenomenon is more widespread than we might think, and the public may well be fooled into thinking that something is the case when it is not, or that a person they know is manifestly different, and we need to expose such scams.
The hon.