If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
This Government recognise just how important the arts are, which is why the Chancellor used the Budget to extend, introduce and make permanent a range of tax reliefs to drive growth and investment in our creative industries.
We have provided tax reliefs worth £1 billion over the next five years for museums, galleries, theatres, orchestras, independent film productions, film studios and the visual effects industry.
In addition, as Sunday draws near, I want to wish all those running and taking part in the London marathon the best of luck—in particular, the shadow Secretary of State,  the hon.
Member for Bristol West (Thangam Debbonaire) .
With Monday marking the 35th anniversary of the Hillsborough tragedy, we will always remember the 97 victims who were killed unlawfully.
Does the Minister agree that, in their memory, we must take a stand against those who think it is acceptable to ridicule this disaster in order to rile up rival teams?
If so, what is she doing to tackle this issue of so-called tragedy chanting?
Tragedy chanting is absolutely abhorrent and has no place in football, or indeed in any sport.
The Government fully support the football leagues and the  police in their efforts to identify and deal with the culprits.
Tragedy chanting can be prosecuted as a public order offence, with guilty individuals being issued with football banning orders preventing them from attending matches in the future.
Will the Secretary of State join me in congratulating the amazing success of Romford football club, which has now got through to the FA vase final at Wembley on 11 May?
Given the proud Essex town that Romford is, does she agree that BBC Essex and the regional TV and radio channels really should promote that in their broadcasting, instead of saying that we are not Essex?
Does she agree that we should be given that prominence?
First, I extend my congratulations to Romford football club on reaching the final of the FA vase—it is a wonderful achievement and I wish the team the best of luck at Wembley.
On the issue of BBC Essex, as my hon.
Friend will know, the BBC is operationally and editorially independent of the Government, but I know that my hon.
Friend has raised his concerns directly with the BBC, and I am sure that it will get back to him.
I call the SNP spokesman, John Nicolson.
Since we last met, the media regulator Ofcom has again reprimanded GB News for breaching impartiality rules.
Ofcom says that news programmes should not be presented by politicians.
The Tory Benches host a plethora of Ofcom rule-breaching MPs who leave this place to freelance as pretendy news presenters on a channel that spreads conspiracy theories and disinformation, and that undermines Ofcom.
I am on the side of journalism, not disinformation.
Does the Minister agree with me that GB News should drop the propaganda and obey the regulator?
I am in favour of media plurality; I think it is important that there are channels for everybody to watch, and GB News is a very popular outlet.
I think that the person to regulate GB News is Ofcom, not those on the shadow Benches.
Crewe Amateur Musicals Society opens what I am sure will be a fantastic production of “Kinky Boots” at Crewe Lyceum this evening, but I am concerned that Arts Council funding does not do enough to support existing groups and activities.
As well as joining me in wishing the Crewe Amateur Musicals Society good luck this evening, can my right hon.
Friend meet me to discuss Arts Council funding?
I wish the Crewe Amateur Musicals Society the very best of luck with their performance.
We channel a very large amount of money to Arts Council England.
With lottery funding and Government funding, that is about £444 million every year.
We also have a number of tax reliefs for the performing arts.