We channel a very large amount of money to Arts Council England.
With lottery funding and Government funding, that is about £444 million every year.
We also have a number of tax reliefs for the performing arts.
I also encourage the groups in my hon.
Friend’s constituency  to apply for the latest cultural development fund round, which opened in February and supports organisations such as the one he cites.
Cambridge has a long-established and flourishing local music scene but, as elsewhere, times are hard.
The Music Venue Trust recently reported that, nationally, there have been 67 emergency cases for its experts so far in 2024.
With soaring maintenance and operating costs, and with inflation meaning that the grassroots music sector is operating on a profit margin of just 0.2%, does the Minister accept that this is unsustainable for any business?
It has been a particularly difficult period for a number of music venues.
Obviously, we went through the pandemic and then an energy crisis, and we tried to support venues through those difficult times.
We are now working very closely with the Music Venue Trust, which has access to Arts Council funding that is helping it to buy the freehold of some music venues.
We also have a grassroots music fund that is helping with some of the issues that the hon.
Gentleman cites, and I am sure it would be happy to look into the particularly treasured venues in his constituency.
The Secretary of State will be aware of the proposal by Universal Studios for a theme park in Bedfordshire—a £10 billion investment in the country.
She will also be aware of the strong local support, led by Conservative Mayor Tom Wootton, so can she assure me and other Bedfordshire MPs that she is working hard with the Treasury to get a response to that proposal, and that a Government proposal will be forthcoming before the summer?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise this very exciting opportunity for Bedfordshire, which I am pleased to have discussed with him.
We are liaising closely with the Treasury, and I am also happy to continue liaising with my hon.
Friend.
What discussions have the Government had, or would be willing to have, with Glasgow City Council and the Scottish Government on the prospect of Glasgow stepping in to host the 2026 Commonwealth games?
This country is proud to have hosted the Commonwealth games twice in the past decade, most recently in Birmingham.
I have had conversations with the Commonwealth Games Federation on its plans, and I know it is currently considering a host of options.
I will see what it comes out with before I commit to any further engagement.
Will the Secretary of State join me in congratulating the magnificent and mighty Portsmouth football club on winning League One and securing promotion to the championship this week?
Does she agree with me that Pompey’s fantastic victory demonstrates the magic of football in bringing communities together, inspiring young people and encouraging health and fitness?
I am very pleased to congratulate Portsmouth football club on its success.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to highlight the importance of local clubs and what they do in their communities.
It is not just the match on a Saturday; it is also about what they do to encourage people to get involved in their community and to get fit and active.
Going around the country, I have seen some fabulous examples of what sports clubs—not just football but rugby and cricket—do for their local areas.
The Carney review revealed that women’s football has a long way to go on minimum professional standards, union representation, mental health support and more.
Will Ministers give these recommendations parity with the changes needed in the men’s game?