What is the Minister doing to stop that rate of closure?
We share the hon.
Gentleman’s concerns about grassroots music venues, which is why we have a specific fund set aside to help save some of the most treasured community venues.
We also have the Localism Act 2011, which allows communities to designate a particular community asset of value, giving communities time to raise funds to save those kinds of assets.
It is something that we are talking about a lot with music venue groups, and we are also looking at giving them help to buy the freeholds of properties so that those kinds of assets can stay within communities and remain a talent pipeline, as he suggests, for many years to come.
What recent discussions she has had with the Premier League and English Football League on the financial stability of football clubs.
As my hon.
Friend will know, the Football Governance Bill was introduced to Parliament last month, and it will help with the financial sustainability of football as a whole.
I have met the Premier League, the English Football League, many stakeholders and parliamentarians to ensure that the legislation is appropriately drafted.
I have met over 90 clubs and senior executives from the leagues many times.
I am grateful to the Secretary of State for that answer.
We do not have to look too far across the east midlands to see that clubs such as Nottingham Forest, Derby County, Coventry City and Leicester City have found themselves in some form of difficulty, so I welcome the Government’s plans to introduce a regulator to bring some stability to the football pyramid.
However, how do we ensure that we strike a balance so that we do not strangle and over-regulate the best league in the world, the premiership?
As my hon.
Friend mentions, the Premier League is world leading.
It is worth £7 billion, and we absolutely want to ensure that it stays first and world class.
That is why the legislation takes a proportionate approach.
It takes on board the fact that the regulator will have to work very closely with the leagues, including the Premier League.
We call it an advocacy-first approach, and having worked very carefully with the team, I am very confident that the legislation takes a balanced and proportionate approach.
Football is nothing without the fans, and the Secretary of State may recall that a while ago I mentioned to the Sport Minister the idea of a postponement promise.
That was in response to a spate of fixtures that had been cancelled at very short notice.
The Minister said that he would raise it with the EFL, and I understand that he did so.
I am grateful for that, but I wonder whether the Secretary of State agrees that we need to keep the momentum going forward.
Will she and the Minister continue to work with the EFL to come up with a solution that works for fans?
The hon.
Member is absolutely right about the importance of fans and communities to football, which is why the Government are bringing forward legislation to protect fans across the country.
My junior Minister is a valued colleague who supports me and works very hard across his portfolio.
I know he has raised this issue with the EFL, and I will talk to him about it.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
This Government recognise just how important the arts are, which is why the Chancellor used the Budget to extend, introduce and make permanent a range of tax reliefs to drive growth and investment in our creative industries.
We have provided tax reliefs worth £1 billion over the next five years for museums, galleries, theatres, orchestras, independent film productions, film studios and the visual effects industry.