The Leader of the House and many of her colleagues were furious about England’s new football top—“damn right” they were.
So, no, the farce of the doomed border post on the right hon.
Lady’s doorstep has not figured in the busy social media output we see from her.
Her Government’s disastrous Brexit import charges are none the less coming in on  30 April , causing even more costly confusion and raising very real concerns about food shortages, as well as her own local difficulties.
May I ask the Leader of the House for an urgent debate on these new Brexit charges and the ongoing catastrophe of Brexit, which Scots rejected, yet are forced to suffer the ill effects of?
Her constituents will be interested to hear an answer—ideally before she wastes more time launching into another anti-Scotland video script.
First, I should thank the hon.
Lady for her concern about Portsmouth port, which is doing very well.
We have a brand-new passenger terminal and an enormous number of new ship visits, which are projected to increase our local economy by £300 million over the next few years.
That is in addition to massively increasing and diversifying the freight coming into that port.
I hope she will welcome the news that the United Kingdom is exporting more and has just become the fourth-largest exporter in the world.
We are doing very well.
I am always keen to facilitate my constituents who wish to make complaints to all sorts of organisations in their ability to do that.
I just say to the hon.
Lady that our nation’s flag is important to the people of Portsmouth.
I suggest that she might like to think twice before she mocks that view.
These things and these traditions are important.
They are not the worship of ashes, but the preservation of fire.
The hon.
Lady has been busy, too, during the recess, penning articles about how much my colleagues and I hate Scotland and the Scottish people.
She has done it again in her opening remarks and her questions to me.
At some point, she will have to say why she thinks that is the case.
I know that the Scottish rugby team has being doing well against England, but that is not grounds to justify her accusations against me.
The SNP seems hellbent on exposing hate where there is none.
I understand that of the 9,000 hate crimes reported under the SNP’s new law, with 3,419 made on  1 April  alone, only nine will qualify under this new law, and seven of those nine have now been dismissed.
Police Scotland deserves our thanks and our sympathy.
I am sure that those police officers joined the force to do something much more helpful for their communities.
It is only the Conservatives  who have stood against this lunacy, and we will continue to do that.
Other parties had the opportunity to repeal this law and chose not to.
We on the Government Benches know that laws and movements based on hate and division always try to curtail freedom, and we know that in the end such movements always fail.
I associate myself with your remarks, Madam Deputy Speaker, about the late father of Mr Speaker.
The Chairman of the Backbench Business Committee,  the hon.
Member for Gateshead (Ian Mearns) , is with his family right now, because his daughter-in-law is still extremely ill.
I am sure the whole House will send our sympathy and best wishes for a speedy recovery. [
Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear.”]
On behalf of the Backbench Business Committee, I thank my right hon.
Friend the Leader of the House for the allocation of time for the hospice funding debate.
I hope that will take place on Monday.
It is heavily subscribed, I believe, and a lot of Members will want to take part.
We have now filled our Chamber time.