If she will make an assessment of the potential merits of bringing forward legislative proposals to regulate the use of national symbols by commercial and other entities.
The correct use of many national symbols, such as royal names, state emblems, the royal arms and the Government coat of arms, is already subject to Government regulation.
I think many people would be quite angered by the way certain national organisations have tried to change our national flags, the cross of St George and the Union Jack.
Is it not time that we protected and cherished our national symbols by appointing a Minister of the Crown from the Cabinet Office to oversee that?
Will the Minister also look at the Union Flag Bill of 2008, which would enshrine in legislation the protection of our cherished national flag?
The Union Jack should be a unifying symbol for the whole country.
It has looked the way it has for the past several hundred years and I see no point in messing around with it.
I am not sure that we need legislation; we just need some common sense.
Would Ministers be equally keen to prevent organisations, such as political parties, using images of His Majesty the King in their propaganda?
I do not know how to answer that question, if I am honest! [
Laughter.]
Our party has always been proud to use the Union Jack, because we are a proud Unionist party, and we will always be proud to support the royal family.
What steps her Department is taking to support charities and voluntary organisations in the context of increases in the cost of living.
The Government are investing millions to support charities across England with cost of living pressures, and that includes the Community Organisations Cost of Living Fund, which is awarding critical support to frontline services.
What does it say about the state of the nation when, during the worst cost of living crisis in living memory, charities and voluntary organisations such as Calmer Therapy in the Wansbeck constituency are struggling simply to make ends meet?
Like many other charities, Calmer Therapy is having to do more with less.
It is facing more pressures and continued pressures, with crumbling buildings and excessive bills.
What conversations has the Minister had with the Chancellor about plans to support charities and those who are desperately relying on them to survive?
I want to put on record my thanks to the charities up and down the country that have done some incredible work over some of the most challenging times.
I recognise that when costs are rising and donations are falling, demand for their services often increases.
That is why I had conversations with my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor and why we secured a significant package of £100 million to support those charities.
It was welcomed by the sector.
I am grateful to the National Lottery Community Fund for helping us to get that money out as quickly as possible to so many charities around the country.
What recent discussions she has had with representatives of football clubs and associations on ensuring the wellbeing of football players, in the context of their increased risk of dementia.
I have discussed the issue of dementia with the Professional Footballers’ Association, specifically around the Premier League’s promise to allocate funding towards the new brain health fund for football players impacted by dementia.
I am pleased that the fund was launched in September last year, and I will be writing to the PFA shortly to seek its assurances on the current workings of the fund and how the PFA is engaging with former players.
My constituent is the former Celtic, Chelsea, Blackburn and, more importantly, Norwich City football legend, Chris Sutton.
He has recently brought to my attention the very distressing fact that former professional footballers are four times more likely to die of CTE—chronic traumatic encephalopathy—dementia than the wider population due to repeated head impacts.