Question 2 has been withdrawn.
We are now at question 3.
What discussions her Department has had with the music industry on taking steps to help reduce ticket prices.
Our Department speaks regularly to industry stakeholders about how to make sure that live music continues to reach a wide range of audiences.
Ultimately, ticket pricing strategies are a matter for event organisers and ticketing platforms, but they have to comply with the relevant laws to ensure price transparency, allowing consumers to make a fair and informed decision.
Whether it is on music or other entertainment, this Government have consistently failed to act in the interest of fans when it comes to ticket touting.
Last year,  they rejected the recommendations and warnings of the Competition and Markets Authority to strengthen legislation and protect consumers from illegal reselling practices in the secondary ticketing market.
Will the Minister concede that the problem has got much worse for fans?
When will the Government finally put a stop to that?
I disagree with the hon.
Gentleman.
The Government brought in the Consumer Rights Act 2015, which was strengthened by the Digital Economy Act 2017, which brought in anti-bots regulation that dealt with some of those secondary ticketing issues.
It is a tricky problem to solve.
We are trying to do so through those regulations, but if there is more that we can do, we will look into that.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
rose—
Order.
The hon.
Member complained about the other question, but it is not my fault that no Government Members have stood to ask a supplementary question.
I keep a political balance, and I am not going to break that for him.
I call Thangam Debbonaire.
Ticket touts are a scourge on our live music industry.
Secondary ticketing websites inflate prices and pocket the profits, which makes cultural and sporting events unaffordable for many families and damages the relationship between fans, artists and venues.
While the Government fail to act, Labour has committed to tackling soaring ticketing prices on the secondary market.
Surely the Minister agrees that only Labour will put fans back at the heart of music and cultural events.
Surely the hon.
Member would not expect me to agree with such a ludicrous statement.
We brought in laws and we have anti-bot regulations, and we have had ticket touts arrested for their activities.
I know that Labour has brought forward its own proposal—effectively a price cap on resale—which we do not think is workable.
We have seen that in Ireland, and it simply increases fraudulent activity; it does not deliver for fans.
We simply do not believe that what she is proposing will make any difference.
What steps her Department is taking to help the heritage sector reach net zero.
Earlier this year, we published a review of the barriers faced by owners of historic homes to reducing their energy consumption.
It made a number of commitments across planning, skills and finance to assist the heritage sector on its journey to net zero, including consulting on the role of local listed building consent orders to drive change at the local level.
In 2022, North Tyneside’s world heritage site Segedunum was successful in accessing funds through the museums estate and development fund for urgent  repairs.
That will contribute to reducing the site’s carbon footprint.
Currently, other than the Heritage Fund and potential regional government funding, there are no other sources of funding that would help cultural and heritage sites meet climate change targets.
What are the Government doing directly to ensure that heritage sites can be resilient against climate change and have sustainable futures?
I thank the hon.
Member for raising that issue.
She talked about one of the substantial funds that we have to help repair and restore museums, heritage sites and other activities.
I am glad that that is making a big difference in her constituency.