Member for raising that issue.
She talked about one of the substantial funds that we have to help repair and restore museums, heritage sites and other activities.
I am glad that that is making a big difference in her constituency.
We have been looking into the important area of how historic buildings can reduce their energy consumption.
It is obviously difficult, since 2% of buildings in the UK are listed.
We want to help them to reduce their energy consumption, which is a particular challenge for owners of historic homes.
Historic England has guidance to help museums, and we will look at what more we can do.
When it comes to valuable heritage assets, I am really concerned about those housed in the grounds of our many military estates which are not bound by any of the obligations to maintain and care for them.
In many cases, the Ministry of Defence and others are pursuing a policy of managed decline, which is allowing those valuable heritage assets to rot under our very noses.
May I encourage the Minister—in fact, the Secretary of State—to speak with Ministers in the Ministry of Defence to challenge that policy and see what can be done to address it?
I give her advance warning that I am keen to look at that as part of a Select Committee inquiry.
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that important point.
It is something that we support when an asset is in the community rather than on the existing military estate.
I recently visited the battle of Britain bunker at RAF Uxbridge, where there has been an amazing partnership with the local council.
She raised an issue specifically about MOD sites that are still in use, which we shall be very happy to look into for her.
I call the shadow Minister.
The Heritage Alliance estimates in its refreshed manifesto that the UK needs to double the number of conservation-skilled retrofit workers if we are to meet our net zero targets by 2050.
Our built environment is at risk, yet the Government have stalled on training and have no plan to upskill the next generation.
Labour will change the apprenticeship levy, making it more flexible to ensure that workers have the skills they need for the future.
What is the Minister doing to meet the workforce challenge of retrofitting our heritage buildings?
Our Department has a huge number of initiatives under way to help people to deal with skills shortages, not just in the heritage sector but in the creative industries.
The Secretary of State and I were discussing that with the Creative Industries Council just this week.
One of the challenges that we face is the dynamism of the workforce and the need to ensure that it has the specific skills of the kind that the hon.
Lady  mentioned.
We are looking at bootcamps and T-levels, which are much more practical vocational skills.
I am happy to look into and discuss with the noble Lord Parkinson what more we can do with the heritage sector.
What recent discussions she has had with the National League on the financial sustainability of Torquay United Football Club.
I share my hon.
Friend’s concerns about the financial issues facing Torquay United.
I urge all parties to find a swift solution to this distressing situation.
The Government are seeking to support the professional game through the Football Governance Bill, which will establish an independent football regulator.
As the Minister knows, recent weeks have been difficult for Torquay United fans, with the club entering into administration following years of fans struggling to get answers from the owner, and a completely flawed plan for a new stadium, which made no progress whatsoever.
What role will preventing the circumstances that have dragged down Torquay United and other clubs play in future developments in how the game is governed?
I agree that meaningful engagement with fans is crucial.