741, c. 1061.],
so why has she now blocked that—or did she lose the argument in Government?
She seems to struggle to be heard in Government lately.
I know that she is keen to talk about defence spending too, although apparently No.
10 blocked her.
Does she want to take the opportunity today?
I know that she, like me, will be concerned to hear that the UK now spends less on defence as a percentage of GDP than when Labour was last in office.
The Leader of the House is not listened to when it comes to legislative business before the House, either.
I was really puzzled that she was unable to support a flagship piece of Government legislation, as she apparently thinks it is unworkable.
Forgive me, Madam Deputy Speaker, but is it not the job of the Leader of the House to ensure that any Government legislation tabled is well drafted, thought through, and will achieve its aims?
She chairs the Government’s legislation committee, does she not?
She has more influence than nearly anybody else on the drafting of a Bill, so what went wrong?
After our Easter break, we have returned to groundhog day.
It might be a new term, but it is the same old story: more decent Conservative Members announcing that they are standing down; Treasury Ministers hitting the airwaves and getting the numbers wrong; a weak Prime Minister who cannot face down his own party, running scared from his own legislation and refusing to say how his cuts to national insurance will be funded; the former Prime Minister,  the right hon.
Member for South West Norfolk (Elizabeth Truss) , still unable to show any contrition for her actions directly costing mortgage holders hundreds of pounds a month; Cabinet splits and rival factions all on open display, with ever more extreme positions and platforms taken; and yet more Tory sleaze and scandal.
Today’s revelations about  the hon.
Member for Fylde (Mark Menzies)  are extraordinary.
They raise very serious questions about the misuse of funds and the pressure put on others to facilitate it.
Perhaps more importantly, they also raise questions about how these issues are handled by the Conservative party.
There is a worrying pattern of cover-up and inaction, so can the Leader of the House shed some light?
What did the Chief Whip, the Prime Minister and the party chairman,  the right hon.
Member for North West Durham (Mr Holden) , know and when?
Why did it take the publication of the story today for the Whip to be removed?
Has this matter been referred to the police, and if not, why not?
It seems that yet again, like with  the hon.
Member for Hazel Grove (Mr Wragg)  and so many other recent cases of sleaze and scandal, the Government are too weak to act decisively, and instead choose to brush things under the carpet.
The truth is that they have given up on governing, and given up on winning the next election: it is all about saving their own skin and  the inevitable leadership battle.
I can tell the Leader of the House that we on the Labour Benches have been there before, and it does not end well.
The public do not easily forgive politicians who put party before country and do not focus relentlessly on fixing the problems they face.
I join the hon.
Lady in formally conveying my sympathies to Mr Speaker on the loss of his father; I have spoken to him privately, and written to him as well.
I also congratulate 3 Dads Walking on being awarded the petition of the year by the Petitions Committee for their important work on suicide prevention, and wish all colleagues—18 of them in total—and everyone else running the marathon good luck.
On Monday evening, the very special Jewish festival of Passover begins.