He was then de-arrested again.
Hamas are terrorists, and we should all say so and defend freedom of speech.
Will my right hon.
Friend organise a debate in Government time on how we can end two-tier policing and restore public confidence in the Metropolitan police?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his question.
This is an important matter that other hon.
Members have raised in the Chamber, particularly when the first incident happened.
The policy is clear, and I am pleased that, in both situations, the arrest was reversed, but it goes to show the importance of our having in place not just the right policies, but the operational policing plan, as well as training being undertaken to ensure that officers, who often face difficult and confusing situations, know exactly what they should be doing and when.
I shall ensure that both the Home Secretary and the head of the Metropolitan police have heard his remarks.
It is over a year since Sir Brian Langstaff made his final recommendations on compensation.
The Government have accepted the moral case for compensation to be paid.
More than 100 people have died in the last 12 months, and still no money has been allocated for compensation.
It was a step forward yesterday that amendments were tabled to the Victims and Prisoners Bill in the other place, but the amendment that this House agreed, which included a three-month timeframe for a compensation body to be set up, has been removed by Government amendments in the other place.
Could we have a statement from the Minister on why it is taking so long to set up this compensation body, and to get compensation paid?
If the Government wanted to, they could expedite matters, as they have done with the Post Office scandal,  and could bring a stand-alone Bill to this House.
I am sure that the House would get that Bill through to get compensation to these people before they die.
I thank again the right hon.
Lady for her diligent work on this incredibly important issue.
She met the Minister concerned—the Paymaster General—yesterday, and he will have given her an update on his work.
We recognise that many victims have waited too long for compensation.
This Government established the inquiry, and the Minister established the compensation review that was done.
The Government amendment that the right hon.
Lady referred to includes a provision for interim payments to be made to the estates of people who were infected by contaminated blood products, have passed away, and were registered with the infected blood scheme or its predecessor schemes, where an interim payment has not already been made.
I have regular meetings with the Minister who is overseeing this matter.
She will know that he is working at pace.
I am glad that we have gripped this issue, but we need to get those interim payments and full compensation to people swiftly, and I am confident that that will happen.
One of the biggest issues that my constituents raise on the doorstep is the condition of our roads.
A lot of work is being done to fix the roads in Gedling and Nottinghamshire, but cash is a big issue.
I warmly welcome the fact that, as part of the new East Midlands Combined Authority, Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire will have one of the largest devolved transport budgets.
Given this change, could we have a debate in Government time on infrastructure and investment in the east midlands?
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that such a debate would be a good opportunity to highlight the fact that, having done so much work to secure a devolution deal for the east midlands, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Mansfield (Ben Bradley)  is the person best placed to lead the east midlands into this new future?
My hon.
Friend is right that on  2 May , those in the east midlands will have the opportunity to ensure that that happens.