Going around the country, I have seen some fabulous examples of what sports clubs—not just football but rugby and cricket—do for their local areas.
The Carney review revealed that women’s football has a long way to go on minimum professional standards, union representation, mental health support and more.
Will Ministers give these recommendations parity with the changes needed in the men’s game?
I am pleased to have spoken to Karen Carney on a number of occasions about her review and the importance of women’s football, and I am also pleased to take on board all her recommendations.
The Government approved all the review’s recommendations, and I am pleased to chair the first implementation group, which is ensuring that the recommendations will be implemented by the Football Association and others.
Since I last raised the closure of small music venues, two a week continue to close.
There is now a growing consensus within the live music sector that a £1 levy should be put on large music venues and those who are making massive profits at live events.
The Culture, Media and Sport Committee is looking at this, and I have listened very carefully to the evidence.
If it is recommended, will the Minister put in place a levy similar to the one in other countries across Europe?
We are very sympathetic to that concept, which has worked well in football.
We are closely watching the industry discussions about the idea of a levy that would support grassroots music venues which, as we all know, are the talent pipeline for our world-leading music industry.
We do not want to see them wither, so we are watching this matter closely and I have had recent discussions with relevant organisations on it.
Further to that question, and as others have said, brilliant grassroots music venues all over the country are struggling with spiralling costs.
The Grayston Unity is one such venue that is crucial in not only ensuring access to music, but developing the skills pipeline for people working in that sector and, we hope, becoming the stars of tomorrow.
What is the Minister doing to ensure that she understands, and reassures those venues that she gets, the spiralling costs they face?
As I have said, we have a number of initiatives under way.
Arts Council funding is supporting the Music Venue Trust in relation to owning freeholds of properties and we have our supporting grassroots music fund, which has been topped up recently because of some of the issues cited by the hon.
Lady.
We want to try to help music venues through these difficult times, because we believe they are so valuable, not only to the  talent pipeline, but in giving communities access to local music and performing opportunities.
We hope that these venues will continue long into the future.
rose—
Order.
If we have very brief questions and answers, I will try to get everybody in.
I call Chi Onwurah.
The “Space Investigators” exhibition at the Great North Museum celebrates the amazing history of the north-east in designing and manufacturing telescopes.
What support does the Minister offer so that regions such as ours can better understand and promote our great industrial heritage?
I am pleased that work has been going on in the hon.
Lady’s constituency on these important matters.
Of course, through Arts Council funding and through Department for Culture, Media and Sport funding, we support institutions across the country that support the history of, and what is going on in, their local communities, as well as arts across the country.
This is the 900th anniversary of the founding of Edinburgh city and St Giles’ cathedral.
Celebrations are planned to mark it, so will the Minister tell us whether the Department is going to be working with the devolved Administration and supporting the local council in celebrating that anniversary?
And would she like to come and join the party?