The pressures facing the Armenian church exemplify those faced by other churches in Jerusalem and the west bank.
The Armenian Patriarch of Jerusalem is one of the custodians of the Holy Land and overseers of the four quarters of the city.
The Church of England is absolutely clear that the historic settlement and the status quo of Jerusalem need to be maintained.
The lack of any call for restraint from the Israeli Government is escalating tensions in Jerusalem, and that remains a great concern.
Whether the Church provides guidance to parishes on the sale of land where there is local opposition to that sale.
When the Church Commissioners sell land, they seek to engage all those who are affected by a sale or development.
The commissioners are not aware of any land that they own being for sale in North East Bedfordshire.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his response.
The word “engage” is interesting in this context.
It is the case that there is a church in my constituency where there was local opposition to the sale of allotment land.
Discussions were held initially with the diocese, and then at Church House in Westminster.
My hon.
Friend will be aware that in such discussions there is an imbalance of power, so can he assure me that there is adequate guidance to enable parishioners and local communities to combat effectively pressures to sell land where there is clearly local opposition?
I particularly agree with my hon.
Friend about the importance of allotments, for which there is often a very long waiting list.
The land at Henlow is owned by the diocese of St Albans, and I will ask the diocesan secretary to contact him.
Of course, he can also speak to the Bishop of Bedford and the Bishop of St Albans, whom we both know well.
Charity law places a fiduciary duty on organisations to gain best   value from the sale of their assets.
That may be an issue that my hon.
Friend would want to raise with the relevant Government Minister, in the context of what is happening in his constituency.
What recent assessment the commissioners have made of the contribution of church schools to education in (a) Harrow East constituency and (b) England.
The Church of England educates more than 1 million children in its 4,700 schools, which includes 40% of all primary schools in England.
Church schools in Harrow East do incredible work, and among them is St John’s School in Stanmore, which has many children for whom English is not their first language and who are from disadvantaged backgrounds.
That school achieves a reading progress score of 4.5 compared with the average score in the rest of the local authority of 1.1.
That excellent achievement is to be warmly commended.
I am very proud of the fact that parents in Harrow East have the option of a Church education or the religious-ethos education of their choice.
However, as we all know, the birth rate is dropping, as is the number of children who need primary places in Harrow.
There is therefore a direct threat to the rolls at St John’s and other religious-based schools, which may become unviable.
What action is the Church taking to enable young people, particularly those who have recently come to this country, who may be of a Christian faith but not necessarily of the Church of England faith, to identify with a Church school and get that sort of education?
It may surprise my hon.
Friend and the House that there are some Church of England schools in which all the children are from other faiths.
That is because Church schools are community schools and welcome all.
I will draw his concerns about falling roll numbers both to the diocese of London and to the national education department of the Church of England.