Member for Luton South, representing the Speaker’s Committee on the Electoral Commission, what recent discussions the committee has had with the Electoral Commission on the integrity of election processes.
The committee has regular discussions with the Electoral Commission on issues relating to electoral integrity.
The commission is working to ensure upcoming elections, including those  in May and the next UK parliamentary general election, are well run and command public confidence.
It continues to make recommendations to UK Governments and legislatures to further safeguard the UK’s electoral system, where appropriate.
I congratulate the hon.
Lady on her newly acquired responsibilities in this area.
I am sure she brings the same diligence and independence of mind that her father brought to matters in this House for many years.
We will be well served by her.
Spotlight on Corruption wrote to the National Crime Agency in December last year highlighting the dangers of UK elections being exposed to dirty money and foreign influence.
The commission no longer has powers to raise prosecutions, but it can investigate.
Will the hon.
Lady use her offices to bring the Electoral Commission’s attention to the Spotlight on Corruption report and see what assessment it makes of it?
I will bring the report to the attention of the Electoral Commission.
The commission has said that it takes all possible steps within the current regulatory framework to prevent unlawful foreign money from entering UK politics, and it publishes information about donations to ensure transparency.
It can sanction political parties that accept impermissible foreign donations.
It works with the police, who can investigate unlawful foreign money entering UK politics through permissible donors.
However, it cannot take enforcement action against organisations based outside the UK.
The commission will continue to recommend changes to ensure voters can have greater confidence in political finance in the UK.
The hon.
Member for Broxbourne, representing the House of Commons Commission, was asked—
To ask the hon.
Member for Broxbourne, representing the House of Commons Commission, what steps the Commission is taking to reduce food waste on the parliamentary estate.
The House of Commons Commission takes food waste extremely seriously.
We work with organisations, such as FareShare, to use unused food and distribute it, but we also take food that is not eaten on one day and safely use it in other recipes on another day.
We have probably all been to events and occasions here where the hosts have perhaps enthusiastically over-ordered.
It would be useful to be assured that none of that food goes to landfill and that ways are found to reuse it.
These days there are a number of initiatives and apps where venues and stores can make food available at discounted prices at the end of the day.
Could that be something that could be extended to staff—obviously not to Members—particularly those who work late on the estate, so that absolutely no food in this place goes to waste?
We will always look at suggestions.
I can reassure the hon.
Member that our catering team recently achieved the highest mark in the Sustainable Restaurant Association “Food Made Good” rating.
One of the areas that we were assessed on was our commitment to reducing food waste, but clearly we will look at the hon.
Member’s suggestions and we will act on them if they have merit.
I call Theresa Villiers—not here.
The hon.
Member for South West Bedfordshire, representing the Church Commissioners, was asked—
To ask the hon.
Member for South West Bedfordshire, representing the Church Commissioners, what steps the Church has taken to support family relationships, parenting and marriage since the establishment of the Archbishops’ Commission on Families and Households.
The report of the joint Archbishops’ Commission on Families and Households was enthusiastically received by the General Synod at its meeting in February.
The Archbishops’ Council is now incorporating the report’s recommendations into the work programme.
The key messages from the Archbishops’ Commission are unambiguous: families, relationships and love matter.