The report of the joint Archbishops’ Commission on Families and Households was enthusiastically received by the General Synod at its meeting in February.
The Archbishops’ Council is now incorporating the report’s recommendations into the work programme.
The key messages from the Archbishops’ Commission are unambiguous: families, relationships and love matter.
The No.
1 action point from the commission is
“to maximise the protective effect of families”.
What steps is the Church of England taking to achieve that in Kettering and across the whole country?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his interest in this important area.
I can tell him that the commissioners have had meetings with Departments and with the children’s commissioner to work alongside Government to strengthen family relationships, parenting and marriage.
The Church itself wants to play a more active role in this crucial area and is producing new resources to help parishes do so.
I am sure he will know that, in his own constituency, St Andrew’s Church is already exemplifying much of this good work under the excellent leadership of the Reverend Tom Houston, who trained as a youth worker prior to ordination.
Same-sex couples are able to show love and be a good family as well, so why will the Church of England not recognise same-sex marriage?
The hon.
Member will know that this is an issue with which the General Synod continues to be involved through the living in love and faith process.
We are working through these issues and the Church will have heard very clearly what he has said, and I can assure him that that work is being taken forward.
To ask the hon.
Member for South West Bedfordshire, representing the Church Commissioners, if the Church will publish a statement on its position on amendments tabled to the Criminal Justice Bill relating to the decriminalisation of abortion before Report stage of that Bill.
The Church of England believes that the foetus is a human life with the potential to develop, while recognising that there can be strictly limited conditions under which abortion may be morally preferable to any available alternative.
The Church also believes that every possible support, especially by Church members, should be given to those who are pregnant and in difficult circumstances.
The Church would support new clauses 15 and 34 and believes that, while women should not face criminalisation, anyone coercing a woman to have an abortion, or providing one beyond the legal limit, or supplying an abortion kit for a late-term use should be prosecuted.
I welcome the support for new clauses 15 and 34.
I think the Second Church Estates Commissioner has given implicit opposition to the new clause in the name of  the right hon.
Member for Kingston upon Hull North (Dame Diana Johnson) , but I am gobsmacked not to have had a clear statement on the criminality of terminating a pregnancy up to the moment of birth by whomsoever.
Is the intention to drive us into the arms of Rome?
Is he as gobsmacked as I am?
I am grateful to my right hon.
Friend for his interest in these serious issues, which, given their importance, I am sure the House will want to treat sensitively.
I will convey his comments to the leadership of the Church, but just to repeat: the Church is supporting the two-week reduction in the age of viability from 24 to 22 weeks, based on the latest available evidence that foetuses do survive from 22 weeks onwards.
It is also supporting protection for Down’s syndrome children to make the case that abortion beyond the legal limit should not be acceptable for such children.
The Church supports the continued prosecution of medical practitioners who assist with abortions beyond the legal limit.
To ask the hon.