We have also convened a sports concussion research group to identify the questions that still need answering, as well as an innovation and technology panel, whose members are looking at the practical, technical solutions that will aid safety and mitigate concussion.
However, as I have said, this is an incredibly important area and one on which we will focus.
What her planned timetable is for responding to the consultation on the statutory levy on gambling operators.
The statutory levy represents a generational change in funding arrangements, and we have to consider properly the evidence provided during the consultation.
We will publish a response setting out our final decision soon, but we remain on track to introduce the levy via secondary legislation this summer.
It has been months since the consultation closed, with no response, and about 10 other consultations relating to the White Paper are also awaiting a response.
Is the Minister trying to kick change into the long grass, and if not, will he please confirm when the responses will be published?
I reject that accusation.
There are 62 proposals in the White Paper, half of which will be finalised as a result of the consultation or are complete.
A further three consultations have ended, and we are now analysing those.
The levy is a priority, because we want the funds to be directed where they are needed most, on the basis of evidence, and we are working at pace to ensure that happens.
I also point out that it was this Government who introduced it.
If she will take steps with relevant stakeholders to help provide spaces for artists to create and display their work.
High-quality affordable workspaces are essential to ensuring that we can retain our finest creative talent.
The Government are committed to encouraging local authorities and property owners to make spaces available for cultural activities.
Arts Council England is already supporting artists’ spaces through funding and brokering partnerships.
The national portfolio boasts numerous workspaces that receive revenue funding, such as Spike Island and Yorkshire Artspace, which offer space for artists to create work and gallery space for exhibiting new work.
Leighton Buzzard, Dunstable and many other parts of my constituency are blessed with an abundance of artists, painters, sculptors and others, but they have very few places where they can create their  work—they need more studio space and more workspaces —and even fewer places in which to exhibit.
Providing such spaces should be essential—it aids economic activity, increases footfall and increases wellbeing—so how can we ensure that it is essential, as the Minister said, and not an afterthought?
It really does matter.
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising his concerns about the creative community in Leighton Buzzard—it sounds like a buzzing creative community.
As I say, we support creative industries primarily through Arts Council England, which has initiatives that look at workspaces.
I encourage organisations in his constituency and community to make applications for grants, because there are specific funds available.
Arts venues are vital to our local culture and our communities, but they are also hotbeds for new talent to display or perform their latest works, which is critical to the UK’s creative sector.
Pubs are increasingly used for showing artworks as much as they are for performing music—think of pubs such as the Crown Inn back in the day, or the Hope and Anchor in Islington.
That is why it is so important that we save pubs such as the Punch Bowl in Warwick, which a developer wants to convert into a house.
Last year was the worst year for the closure of music venues.
What is the Minister doing to stop that rate of closure?
We share the hon.
Gentleman’s concerns about grassroots music venues, which is why we have a specific fund set aside to help save some of the most treasured community venues.