This is the 900th anniversary of the founding of Edinburgh city and St Giles’ cathedral.
Celebrations are planned to mark it, so will the Minister tell us whether the Department is going to be working with the devolved Administration and supporting the local council in celebrating that anniversary?
And would she like to come and join the party?
It sounds like a superb party and I shall certainly send the invitation to Lord Parkinson, who is the ministerial lead on these issues.
At the most recent British-Irish Parliamentary Assembly, I asked the Irish Tourism Minister about their ticketing policy and its success, and they said it was very much a success.
So may I suggest that rather than dismiss Labour’s proposals, the Government should look at the evidence from the Irish Government, rather than listening to outlaw companies such as Viagogo?
I spoke to officials this week about the Irish example and they were concerned that it had led to an increase in fraudulent activity.
However, we will obviously keep this under review.
Omaze has had a big impact on charity fundraising.
Although it is raising money for extremely good causes, does the Secretary of State agree that when people buy tickets for fundraising they should have some idea of what proportion of the money they are spending is actually going to those charities?
Should we not have more transparency in this area?
The hon.
Gentleman raises an important point.
He will be aware that we have looked at a range of issues in relation to gambling, lotteries and society lotteries.
The prize draws are an area of work we are examining at the moment to get a better understanding  of what the market is like.
He rightly says that it is important that people are aware of how much of the money they are spending is going to charities, and we will continue to work in this area.
The hon.
Member for South West Bedfordshire, representing the Church Commissioners, was asked—
To ask the hon.
Member for South West Bedfordshire, representing the Church Commissioners, what recent assessment the Church has made of trends in the number of families that attend a church service over the Easter period.
Although we do not yet have confirmed numbers of worshippers for this Easter just gone, our clergy report high attendance, among all ages, at services, which supports the post-pandemic trend of people returning to services on Easter day in person to celebrate the resurrection of Jesus.
The future of the Church is reliant on younger families attending and receiving the good news of the Holy Gospel.
What assessment has the Church made of initiatives like the pupil chaplain scheme and regular “Messy Church” at All Saints Torre in achieving that?
I was delighted to learn about the pupil chaplain scheme that All Saints Torre is running with Torre Church of England Academy; I will bring it to the attention of the Church nationally.
The Church of England has committed £40 million since 2022 to increase provision for children and young people across the country.
I thank Father Paul Jones for his service at All Saints Babbacombe and his wife, Jackie, who has led a Rainbows group at the church for many years.
Their important work, which includes inspiring the next generation, has been noted and appreciated.
The hon.
Member for Luton South, representing the Speaker’s Committee on the Electoral Commission, was asked—
To ask the hon.
Member for Luton South, representing the Speaker’s Committee on the Electoral Commission, what recent discussions the committee has had with the Electoral Commission on the integrity of election processes.
The committee has regular discussions with the Electoral Commission on issues relating to electoral integrity.
The commission is working to ensure upcoming elections, including those  in May and the next UK parliamentary general election, are well run and command public confidence.