It is also supporting protection for Down’s syndrome children to make the case that abortion beyond the legal limit should not be acceptable for such children.
The Church supports the continued prosecution of medical practitioners who assist with abortions beyond the legal limit.
To ask the hon.
Member for Luton South, representing the Speaker’s Committee on the Electoral Commission, whether the committee has had recent discussions with the Electoral Commission on the potential impact of disinformation on the integrity of elections.
The committee has had recent discussions with the Electoral Commission on the matters raised.
The commission recognises the  risks posed to the integrity of elections by disinformation and misinformation.
It runs campaigns raising awareness of the voting process, so voters have accurate information on which to rely.
The legal regime that the commission regulates is focused on ensuring that political finance is transparent and that campaigner materials include an imprint showing voters who have produced the material.
It does not have a role in regulating the content of election campaign material, but encourages all campaigners to undertake their role responsibly and transparently.
I am grateful for the hon.
Lady’s answer.
Recently, we have seen a decrease in the effectiveness of search engines such as Google, with material generated by AI, which is designed to produce only things that sound like information, poisoning the well, so to speak, with a marked impact on search results.
With this automation of fake news and fake oracles, what plans does the Electoral Commission have to put out guidance on AI-produced materials?
The commission encourages all campaigners to undertake their role of influencing voters responsibly and transparently, and indeed encourages voters to think critically about the campaign materials that they see.
It expects anyone using AI-generated campaign material to use it in a way that benefits open and transparent political debate, and to label it clearly so that voters know how it has been created.
Campaign material must also carry an imprint telling voters who has published and paid for it.
The commission’s role is to ensure that the financing of campaigns is transparent.
It does not have a role in regulating the content of election campaign material, such as preventing the use of deepfakes.
Whether the Church has taken recent steps to support the Armenian church in the old city of Jerusalem.
The Bishop of Southwark has raised this issue repeatedly in the other place over the past six months, and it remains an ongoing and very concerning issue.
Only 15 days ago, an unlawful eviction was led by the Israeli police within the premises of the Armenian Patriarchate, with no court orders or permits presented.
Those of us who are good friends of Israel need to call out the violent activities of the settler movement.
The Armenian Christians have enjoyed the best part of 2,000 years in their part of the old city in tranquillity.
The appalling incident on  3 April  was led not just by thugs but by an Israeli officer called Assaf Harel.
Frankly, there was downright intimidation and an attempt to force out Armenian Christians.
The Christian population in the old city has declined from 25% a century ago to just 1%.
Will the Church of England stand up for Christians in the old city?
I am extremely grateful to my right hon.
Friend for his sustained interest in this really important issue.
It would be an absolute tragedy if there were to be no Christians left in the Holy Land.
The House will have heard the figures that he has just presented.
The pressures facing the Armenian church exemplify those faced by other churches in Jerusalem and the west bank.
The Armenian Patriarch of Jerusalem is one of the custodians of the Holy Land and overseers of the four quarters of the city.
The Church of England is absolutely clear that the historic settlement and the status quo of Jerusalem need to be maintained.