Gibraltar is incredibly important to us strategically and culturally.
Gibraltar enables us to defend its interests and ours, and as a consequence, we will defend Gibraltar from anyone who has other ideas.
May we have a debate in Government time on the role of regional Mayors?
Lord Houchen, the Conservative Tees Valley Mayor, seems to believe that his role is to benefit his mates, while distancing himself as far as possible from the Conservative party in whose name he is standing, whereas Chris McEwan, our Labour party candidate, and Kim McGuinness, our fantastic candidate for North East Mayor, believe that their role would be to bring opportunity to every corner of the region, and to be a voice for everyone in the region.
Who is right?
The fact that Ben Houchen irritates the Labour party so much is a testament to his good work.
He saved Teesside Airport from closure, and it is  now delivering new flights for local people.
He secured the UK’s first and largest freeport, which is already securing billions of pounds of private investment, with the Teesworks site having secured investment from Thai banks.
The demolition and decontamination of land has been delivered ahead of budget and time, ready for reinvestment, and he has done many other things, but the statistic that stands out most is that he has increased the employment rate in the area by 3% above the national average.
He is doing a great job.
He is a good man, and I hope that he will have the opportunity to continue to do that good job in the wake of the appalling smears by the Labour party.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for allocating a slot on Monday for the hospice debate.
Does she agree that the Prime Minister’s decision to establish the Darlington economic campus, following relentless campaigning by me, my fantastic Tees Valley colleagues and our marvellous Mayor Ben Houchen, was a game changer for Darlington?
Does she further agree that saving our airport, launching Teesworks and restoring Tees pride are further examples of why Ben Houchen should continue to serve Teesside, Darlington and Hartlepool?
Can she find time for a debate on the modernising revolution that Ben has unleashed, which is benefiting every part of our great region?
I thank my hon.
Friend for asking another question with regard to our Ben Houchen, because his achievements simply could not possibly be crammed into one answer.
He is also enabling Net Zero Teesside, the world’s first industrial scale carbon capture, usage and storage facility.
He is delivering over £200 million of investment in Darlington, Middlesbrough and Hartlepool’s rail stations to improve rail capacity, and he is using reallocated High Speed 2 money to transform local transport, including the long-overdue Darlington northern link road.
Again, I urge anyone who has the opportunity to vote on  2 May  to enable him to continue that good work to do so.
One of my constituents recently got in touch after fleeing domestic abuse in his relationship.
Owing to societal stigma, male survivors are often overlooked, leaving them without adequate safeguarding services or police support.
Given that one third of domestic abuse victims are male, will the Leader of the House find time for a debate, in Government time, about improving support for all victims of domestic abuse?
The hon.
Lady raises a very important point.
Many of the measures that we have introduced to deal with domestic abuse or with people trying to control others in one way or another, including financially, apply to everyone who is in the unfortunate position of being a victim.
Advertising these services to everyone who might be affected is also important, so I shall ensure that the relevant Home Office Minister has heard what she has said.
I welcome the Government’s work to expand the role of community pharmacies as part of our healthcare system.
I particularly welcome the Pharmacy First scheme, which was successfully  piloted in Cornwall.