Advertising these services to everyone who might be affected is also important, so I shall ensure that the relevant Home Office Minister has heard what she has said.
I welcome the Government’s work to expand the role of community pharmacies as part of our healthcare system.
I particularly welcome the Pharmacy First scheme, which was successfully  piloted in Cornwall.
However, while we are placing more demand on pharmacies, the number of community pharmacies in Cornwall is falling, with both Boots and Asda announcing closures.
I know that my hon.
Friend  the Member for North Cornwall (Scott Mann)  has written to Asda opposing the closure of its pharmacy in Bodmin.
Pharmacy owners tell me that the current funding arrangements are not adequate to meet the growing demand.
May we have a statement from the Department of Health and Social Care on the Government’s plans to maintain, and hopefully increase, the number of community pharmacies, particularly in rural areas, and ensure that they receive the funding that they need?
I thank my hon.
Friend for welcoming the excellent service Pharmacy First, which is a much appreciated and convenient scheme that enables people to access certain prescription drugs without having to go to their general practitioner.
Given that pharmacies are private businesses that receive NHS funding for pharmaceutical services, closure decisions are obviously made by those commercial organisations, but my hon.
Friend’s local care board will have a responsibility to ensure good coverage of those services.
I shall ensure that the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care has heard his concerns, and that all his constituents are able to make use of all available services, including Pharmacy First.
I join the Leader of the House in wishing the Jewish community, whom I am proud to represent, chag Pesach sameach.
Will the Leader of the House join me in congratulating Bernard, Jonno and the entire team at Radcliffe football club on reaching their highest ever position as champions of the northern premier league?
They will be lifting the trophy this Saturday.
Will she agree to a debate in Government time about the importance of grassroots football and its benefit to local communities?
But more importantly, up the Boro!
I am sure that the whole House will want to join the hon.
Gentleman in congratulating Bernard, Jonno and the whole team on their incredible achievements.
As the hon.
Gentleman knows, we have recently held debates on the importance of community sport to not only helping communities but providing a pipeline of new talent.
I shall ensure that the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport has heard what he has said.
For years, the town of Amlwch has been forgotten, but not on my watch.
Anglesey freeport and the UK Government’s recent purchase of the Wylfa nuclear site mean jobs and investment coming to the north of the island—but I am not stopping there.
Along with a local resident, Mandy Jones, I have launched a campaign to get the supermarket Aldi to come to Amlwch to give my constituents the opportunity to shop locally.
Will the Leader of the House support my Aldi to Amlwch campaign, and if it is successful, will she join Mandy and me in cutting the ribbon?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on all her achievements: the freeport; the partnership between the county council and Stena Line, which will be a huge  boost to the local economy; and of course her championing of energy projects, the prosperity park and the inaugural trade centre of excellence in Wales.
She has helped to secure all those things.
I will be very happy to do all I can to help her latest campaign, which sounds like a good one.
Although I cannot commit to a date until she gives me one, I hope that if I am able to attend, I will be able to help cut the ribbon—perhaps with a sword.