Friend and the House that there are some Church of England schools in which all the children are from other faiths.
That is because Church schools are community schools and welcome all.
I will draw his concerns about falling roll numbers both to the diocese of London and to the national education department of the Church of England.
However, in my experience, parents have a pretty good nose for finding their way to a good school.
The results at St John’s, about which I have just told the House, should help in this case.
Will the Leader of the House give us the forthcoming business?
The business for the week commencing  22 April  will include:
Monday 22 April —Consideration of a Lords message to the Safety of Rwanda (Asylum and Immigration) Bill, followed by debate on a motion on hospice funding.
The subject for this debate was determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Tuesday 23 April —Second Reading of the Football Governance Bill, followed by, if necessary, consideration of Lords messages to the Safety of Rwanda (Asylum and Immigration) Bill.
Wednesday 24 April —Remaining stages of the Renters (Reform) Bill, followed by motion to approve a statutory instrument relating to terrorism.
Thursday 25 April —Debate on a motion on Lesbian Visibility Week, followed by debate on a motion on the Buckland review of autism employment.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 26 April —Private Members’ Bills.
The provisional business for the week commencing  29 April  includes:
Monday 29 April —Consideration in Committee of the Post Office (Horizon System) Offences Bill.
Tuesday 30 April —Consideration of Lords amendments to the Digital Markets, Competition and Consumers Bill.
Wednesday 1 May —Remaining stages of the Automated Vehicles Bill [Lords].
Thursday 2 May —Business to be determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
The House will rise for the early May bank holiday at the conclusion of business on  2 May  and return on  Tuesday 7 May .
May I take this opportunity to put on record my deepest sympathies to Mr Speaker on the loss of his dear father, Doug Hoyle?
I remember him as a real character and an important figure in the Labour movement over many decades, serving both as an MP and then as a peer.
He was a proud northerner and represented the traditions of the Labour movement.
I know that he was incredibly proud of Mr Speaker, and  I know how much Mr Speaker and Cath cared for him in his later years.
My thoughts are with them both.
The attacks by Iran on Israel have rightly been condemned by all sides of the House.
Thankfully, its intentions were thwarted, and we join together in calling for restraint and de-escalation in the aftermath.
We cannot let those recent events deter or distract from international efforts to bring about a sustainable ceasefire in Gaza and create the conditions for a lasting two-state solution.
As global conflict increases, it is unacceptable that the Government have rejected recommendations from the cross-party Procedure Committee for the Foreign Secretary to be accountable in this House.
It is simply not the case that he or the Government have been  “forward-leaning” in that regard, as the Leader of the House has said.
Statements by his now deputy—the Minister of State, Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office,  the right hon.
Member for Sutton Coldfield (Mr Mitchell) —have been few and far between, and his appearances at Select Committees have all but dried up.
Many times in these exchanges, the Leader of the House has assured us that Members would have the opportunity to question the Foreign Secretary, saying that
“When the Procedure Committee brings forward measures… I am sure those measures will be put in place”—[Official Report,  30 November 2023 ; Vol.
741, c. 1061.],
so why has she now blocked that—or did she lose the argument in Government?
She seems to struggle to be heard in Government lately.