As the Minister knows, recent weeks have been difficult for Torquay United fans, with the club entering into administration following years of fans struggling to get answers from the owner, and a completely flawed plan for a new stadium, which made no progress whatsoever.
What role will preventing the circumstances that have dragged down Torquay United and other clubs play in future developments in how the game is governed?
I agree that meaningful engagement with fans is crucial.
I want to put on record my thanks to the Torquay United Supporters Trust for its action to support the club and the fans.
I share the concerns about the financial situation right across the game.
That is exactly why the Bill will give powers to the regulator, which will be able to monitor and enforce financial regulation and deal with club ownership, fan engagement and club heritage issues, to ensure that clubs are protected for the very fans who are their bedrock.
What assessment she has made of the effectiveness of the multi-sport grassroots facilities programme in funding new sports facilities.
What assessment she has made of the effectiveness of the multi-sport grassroots facilities programme in funding new sports facilities.
Between 2021 and 2025, the Government have committed more than £325 million to grassroots sports sites across the whole of the UK.
That is part of our commitment to ensure every community has the facilities it needs.
So far, almost 2,400 sites have been supported, creating more opportunities for people of all backgrounds across the country to get active.
Thanks to the UK Government’s multi-sport grassroots facilities programme, almost £100,000 has been invested across Anglesey to improve sports  facilities at Holyhead Hotspur, Plas Arthur in Llangefni, Tŷ Croes and Bodedern.
Sport helps families across Ynys Môn be more active, healthier and happier.
Will the Secretary of State join me in thanking Ynys Môn gymnastics club, Barton Dance and Drama Academy, Ynys Môn Celts basketball club and all those working hard to make my summer activities fair at the Canolfan Holyhead on  8 June  a success?
It is fantastic to hear about the community events taking place in the hon.
Friend’s constituency.
I am delighted that she has put together such an active and exciting event, and I wish her all the best on  8 June .
Such events bring communities together.
I wish her and everybody a wonderful time.
Cromwell Athletic, who play at Mary Ann Meadows in my constituency, have had to cancel almost 70% of their grass pitch games this season because conditions have made the ground simply unplayable.
The pitch improvement programme shows that we need around eight 3G pitches in Warrington to cope with demand.
Could my right hon.
Friend set out what support is available to clubs with significant junior membership?
I invite her back to Warrington to see some of the teams who are struggling to access 3G pitches, to talk about how we can help them.
Through our investment via the Football Foundation in England, we are actively supporting teams such as Cromwell Athletic up and down the country to get new artificial grass pitches.
We funded the goalposts at Barrow Hall Primary School and put in a new artificial grass pitch at Cardinal Newman Catholic High School.
It was a pleasure to visit my hon.
Friend’s constituency, and I would be happy to meet him to discuss this issue further.
If she will make an assessment of the potential merits of bringing forward legislative proposals to regulate the use of national symbols by commercial and other entities.
The correct use of many national symbols, such as royal names, state emblems, the royal arms and the Government coat of arms, is already subject to Government regulation.
I think many people would be quite angered by the way certain national organisations have tried to change our national flags, the cross of St George and the Union Jack.