I am pleased that the fund was launched in September last year, and I will be writing to the PFA shortly to seek its assurances on the current workings of the fund and how the PFA is engaging with former players.
My constituent is the former Celtic, Chelsea, Blackburn and, more importantly, Norwich City football legend, Chris Sutton.
He has recently brought to my attention the very distressing fact that former professional footballers are four times more likely to die of CTE—chronic traumatic encephalopathy—dementia than the wider population due to repeated head impacts.
Chris is just one of a group of former players who are championing these issues and pushing for better provisions to support the wellbeing of ex-players and their families.
Can the Minister reassure me that the football industry will create a properly financed dementia fund to help players, and of course their widows, who are affected by the CTE dementia scandal?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise this incredibly important issue, and I want to record my thanks to Chris Sutton and all those involved in this important work.
We welcome the practical support that those involved in sports give former players in these circumstances.
The PFA and Premier League’s brain health fund has an initial amount of £1 million in financial support for former players and their families, to improve their quality of life.
The fund will remain in place until the PFA and the Premier League establish a charity that will involve a great many football stakeholders so we can provide a much longer-term support vehicle.
I can reassure him that I take this area of work incredibly seriously and will continue to put pressure on those involved.
I am grateful to the Minister for that answer and hope we will hear more in that regard.
The number of children who are vaping continues to rise at an alarming rate.
Statistics from 2022 show that current use—within the last 30 days—among 15-year-olds was 25%, but the percentage will obviously be significantly higher now.
We know about some of the harms to which vaping leads, which should cause us grave concern, but we certainly do not know about all of them.
In that context, does the Minister think it is a good thing that the strips of football clubs such as Blackburn Rovers are sponsored by vaping companies?
If not, will he join me in seeking to change that?
I know that there have been many discussions about sponsorship within various sporting bodies.
It is for the individual clubs and the football authorities themselves to set guidelines of that kind, but the hon.
Lady has raised an interesting point and, if she will allow me, I will give it further consideration.
I call the shadow Minister.
Everyone deserves to feel safe playing the sport that they love.
In the context of, sadly, too many former professional players suffering from dementia, what steps is the Department taking to ensure that sports governing bodies have the guidance they need to ensure the safety of professional players?
The hon.
Lady has raised an important point, as have other Members.
The Government are leading work on concussion in particular.
We have worked with stakeholders and developed the first guidelines to  be distributed to the grassroots, which have also aided professional sports.
The evaluation of this is ongoing and will be invaluable in helping us to improve sport-related education and health.
We have also convened a sports concussion research group to identify the questions that still need answering, as well as an innovation and technology panel, whose members are looking at the practical, technical solutions that will aid safety and mitigate concussion.
However, as I have said, this is an incredibly important area and one on which we will focus.
What her planned timetable is for responding to the consultation on the statutory levy on gambling operators.