I call the Father of the House.
We will remember Doug Hoyle’s smile, we will remember him with a smile, and I remember that he got elected eight months before I did.
Questions on the Cass report in this House were followed yesterday by those in the other place, and the Lords Minister said that he would respond to a number of points in writing.
If information is given by the Minister that was not given to this House, could it be put in a written statement or put in the Library?
Many of the points, especially those made by Baroness Hayter, were important.
We need an inquiry into how things got into the state that had to be exposed by the four-year review by Dr Hilary Cass, for which we all thank her.
One thing that has not yet happened, but may happen in the next week or two, is the publication of the report from the Select Committee on the Holocaust Memorial Bill through its hybrid procedure.
It is coming later than we anticipated, and may contain some interesting recommendations or decisions.
Will the Government say, as soon as possible, whether they intend to go on trying to ram this proposal through?
They have already spent more than £30 million achieving nothing in the last eight and a half years, so will they have a roundtable and consider spending £20 million getting a memorial up in the next two years, during the lifetime of some of the holocaust survivors, and moving the learning centre to the Imperial War Museum?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that question, and I will certainly ensure that his request about the Cass review is undertaken.
He knows that a process is being gone through at the moment for the memorial, and I will again ensure that the relevant Secretary of State has heard what he said today.
There are also questions to that Secretary of State on Monday, and he may wish to make use of that opportunity.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
May I associate myself with the remarks about Passover and about Mr Speaker’s late father, and send my sincerest condolences to him and his family?
Since we last met for business questions, the Leader of the House has been keeping busy, and I thought that one of her social media posts on X during the recess was particularly eye-catching.
Indeed, it was unique because it asked her constituents to contact her directly, so outraged was she by a burning injustice.
It started:
“Damn right.
I know many people will have strong feelings on this…email me…and I will make sure your concerns”
are heard.
Those are such strong feelings that you may wonder, Madam Deputy Speaker, what caused that righteous anger, which was not just from the Leader of the House but from Members across the Chamber.
Was it children getting sick swimming through human faeces in the rivers of England, or perhaps the endless strikes in the NHS in England?
Was it arms sales to Israel, or an economic crisis that was triggered by a former Prime Minister, now saviour of the west?
Was it the cruel, immoral, illegal and ruinously expensive Rwanda scheme?
Perhaps the angry post was just a response to the Leader of the House’s constituents in Portsmouth, who are now furious—rightly enough—about the likely demolition of the brand new border control post in Portsmouth, which is among a herd of such white elephants around the UK, and a direct result of the right hon.
Lady’s ongoing Brexit confusion that will cost a fortune.
No—that was not what prompted the outburst.
The Leader of the House and many of her colleagues were furious about England’s new football top—“damn right” they were.
So, no, the farce of the doomed border post on the right hon.
Lady’s doorstep has not figured in the busy social media output we see from her.