Will the Minister outline what the Labour Government will do to support our reservists, including those who live in my constituency, all of whom are a vital part of our armed forces?
As an individual who signed up in just the past two weeks to be a reserve, this matter is close to my heart.
We are doing a review into reservists over the next couple of weeks, which will be linked to the strategic defence review, to find out how we can simplify the process and make it easier for people to join and serve the armed forces in a way that is befitting to them.
Labour’s manifesto made it clear that it was committed to scrapping visa fees for non-UK veterans who have served this country for four or more years, as well as their dependants—a pledge I wholeheartedly support and have campaigned on.
The Veterans Minister previously stated that the MOD has started to work with the Home Office, so what is the timetable for delivering that manifesto pledge?
We are working on that.
It is in the manifesto, and it will come out in due course.
We were delighted to host the Veterans Minister in Telford recently.
In a survey of the veterans community in Telford, access to healthcare was the top priority.
What work is the Department doing with health Ministers to improve access for veterans to healthcare, in particular mental health care?
I thank my hon.
Friend for hosting that visit.
The two key programmes are Op Courage, which has had 30,000 referrals already, and Op Restore, to help veterans with muscular and skeletal problems.
I point any veteran to the gov.uk page that describes all the support that they can get via the NHS and others.
Small and medium-sized enterprises in my constituency tell me that research and development funding has dried up since last December.
What hope can the Minister offer to ensure that SMEs continue their vital innovation to keep the UK safe, and to help them turn their swords into ploughshares?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to highlight the importance of SMEs in improving our industrial base and bringing agility and new ideas to our defence industrial production.
He can be assured that there will be SME involvement in our industrial strategy to the extent that it is possible.
We intend to make sure that SMEs, not just the primes, get a better in at the MOD and are able to get the work.
Will the Minister join me in congratulating the Royal British Legion for another highly successful poppy appeal, and the Redditch and Astwood Bank Royal British Legion for another record-breaking year?
I completely concur.
I am sure the whole House will agree that the Royal British Legion did a fantastic job in this year’s remembrance parade.
I had the privilege of marching with the veterans for the first time since I left the armed forces.
It was a fantastic show of respect to all those who have served.
Between 1978 and 1990, in what was an illegal act, 5,700 women were dismissed and discharged from the armed forces on family grounds—for falling pregnant while in service.
This is not a question of compensation; they want their berets and cap badges returned to them.
Will the Minister please work with me to right an injustice done to all those women who just wanted to keep serving their country, and now want that service recognised?
That is a really important question.
We have the utmost respect for all those who have served.
I would be delighted to work with the hon.
Lady to move that forward.
With permission, Mr Speaker, I would like to make a statement about the Government’s plans for children’s social care.
I know all Members here today will agree that caring for vulnerable children is among the most vital responsibilities of any Government.