Lady that we will absolutely do more.
We are doing more in four months than the Conservatives did in 14 years.
They had 14 years, yet she has the temerity to stand there and carp about the changes that we are bringing in for some of the most vulnerable children in our country.
Markets were left to fail, costs were left to soar and, worst of all, children were failed.
We will ensure that there are high quality placements for our children who need that provision.
That is why we set out £90 million to expand capacity and provision for children who need it.
We have to break this cycle of crisis intervention that is leading to spiralling costs and poor outcomes and bankrupting local councils.
That is why we will have much more of a focus on kinship care, foster care and early intervention to support families.
I know that where families are supported at the earliest possible moment, we can often prevent problems from escalating, and the right hon.
Lady will know that, too.
I am determined that we build a system that gives all our children the best possible start in life, and that is why I can confirm that we will give Ofsted the powers that it needs to tackle unregistered and illegal provision and to ensure that it is looking at patterns across providers.
We will introduce legislation on everything we have set out today as soon as parliamentary time allows, but I can say to her that this is urgent and we will act as swiftly as we can.
On the right hon.
Lady’s question about the Children’s Commissioner, I welcome the work of the commissioner in this important area.
As on many other issues, she has cast a light on an important area of policy where we have not acted swiftly and her party failed to act.
I would gently point out to her that the Children’s Commissioner carried out that work on behalf of the Department for Education.
The Conservatives had 14 years to tackle these issues.
I note that the right hon.
Lady welcomed some of the measures that we have set out today, but when we set out legislation before this House to tackle the shameful failure that we have inherited, I hope that Conservative Members will back us and, more importantly, back the vulnerable children in our country.
I call the Chair of the Education Committee.
I welcome the action that the Government have announced today to improve children’s social care.
The Secretary of State will know that families from the poorest neighbourhoods are 14 times more likely to be referred to children’s social care than those from the richest areas,  and that there is a growing body of evidence linking child poverty to the rise in children entering the care system.
How will she ensure that the upcoming child poverty strategy delivers more stability and safety for children and ensures that fewer families enter the kind of crises that result in their children being removed from their care?
My hon.
Friend has long championed this cause and brings considerable expertise to the role that she now undertakes as Chair of the Select Committee.
I look forward to discussing these issues with her and her Committee in due course.
She is right to identify that child poverty is a significant issue in this area.
That is why we got the work of the child poverty taskforce under way in August; we know that that work is crucial.
What she has set out today is something that I have heard from parents the length and breadth of the country as part of the work that we are undertaking.
It is important that, alongside tackling child poverty, we ensure that all families have early support and early intervention to ensure that they can thrive, and that, as she says, problems do not escalate in the way that they currently do.