The UK commits almost all our armed forces and our nuclear deterrent to NATO, so we play a leading role.
We will have a NATO-first policy at the heart of our defence plans, and will always look to be first in NATO as part of our leadership role.
Mindful that tomorrow marks the 1,000-day anniversary of the invasion of Ukraine, and of the increase in Russian hostility over the weekend, will my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State take this opportunity to assure the House of this Government’s continued steadfast support for both Ukraine and NATO?
I will indeed.
In the four months that this Government have been in office we have stepped up support for Ukraine and speeded up delivery of the military aid promised.
This is a Government now spending more on military aid than ever before on behalf of the UK.
I pay tribute to the Conservative party for the fact that the UK is and remains united for Ukraine.
What progress he has made on establishing an independent armed forces commissioner.
What progress he has made on establishing an independent armed forces commissioner.
What progress he has made on establishing an independent armed forces commissioner.
What progress he has made on establishing an independent armed forces commissioner.
The Armed Forces Commissioner Bill is a landmark piece of legislation and a major step taken by this Government to renew the contract between the nation and those who serve.
Second Reading of the Bill will be later today and the commissioner will be a strong independent champion for our armed forces and their  families, improving parliamentary oversight and getting to grips with the welfare issues faced by our armed forces.
I thank the Minister for all he is doing to improve the lives of our armed forces communities.
He will be aware of the deeply distressing accounts of rape and sexual assault from the Defence Committee’s report on women in the armed forces.
Will he please revisit our recommendations and those of the Lyons review, so that those serious cases can be heard in civilian, not service courts?
My hon.
Friend is exactly right to raise this very serious issue.
In opposition we made a commitment that murder, manslaughter and rape cases would be tried in civilian, rather than military courts.
I encourage her to keep asking questions as we get closer to the armed forces Bill, which will be an opportunity to put that right.
The Listening Out Loud Foundation in my constituency is run by Jill and Andy Dolman and works with those who have recently left the forces, often with complex problems such as post-traumatic stress disorder.
They can provide an excellent insight into how we can better support current and future armed forces personnel.
How does the Minister foresee the Armed Forces Commissioner working with small charities such as the Listening Out Loud Foundation, and will he join me in visiting the organisation in the near future?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her interest in this area and for championing the work of that organisation in her constituency.
As we get to the point of implementing the Armed Forces Commissioner, I expect that they will have new relationships with service charities and organisations for serving members of our forces and the wider armed forces family.
I would be very happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss that, and I look forward to visiting her constituency to meet that organisation in person if I can.
Will the Minister consider that it is right that the Armed Forces Commissioner be able to challenge Ministers, and increase parliamentary oversight of the issues that face our forces and their families?
That was a commitment we made in opposition, but it is also a commitment to increased scrutiny that we are proud to make from the Government Dispatch Box.