It is so important that people like him are able to speak openly; it demonstrates bravery and will encourage others to do the same.
I will happily look at the report and the work that he mentions, and ensure that routes back into family care, for those children for whom that is possible, are considered in our ongoing work.
In the London borough of Sutton, we started to in-house some children’s care home provision back in 2020, and we now care for six children with complex needs.
What assessment has the Department made of the potential scale of local authorities taking on services directly, if given the right support by the Government?
Like the hon.
Gentleman, I have seen good examples of councils across the country that have started to take such action, but they have done so by going against the grain of Government policy.
This time, councils will have the backing of the Government in making those changes.
We will also ensure that they can take action on a regional basis, work together and collaborate, so that they can manage placements more effectively.
That way, we will not just bring down costs to the taxpayer, which are spiralling out of control, but ensure that children can stay closer to family support networks, which is crucial to their long-term future.
Having spent 14 years watching children’s services struggle in the way the Secretary of State outlines, with serious case reviews often being the moment of intervention, I heartily welcome the emphasis on early intervention, and what she says about the responsibility that we all have.
She will know that there has been much discussion about the concept of corporate parenting.
What is her thinking on that, and what role does she see for us as Members of Parliament?
At the moment, relationships across the country are clearly too inconsistent.
That is to the detriment of safeguarding, and indeed of our young people.
My hon.
Friend is right that there are many long-standing challenges in this area.
On corporate parenting, today’s Command Paper sets out the steps that we intend to take to bring forward further plans in this area.
I look forward to working with her on the shape and scale of those plans, because it is essential that we all take our responsibilities incredibly seriously, as I know she does.
I welcome the Secretary of State’s broad commitment to reducing the number of children who need to go into care.
Building on the comments of  the hon.
Member for Stoke-on-Trent Central (Gareth Snell) , I want to emphasise the work that Pause does with West Sussex county council and 24 other authorities.
Pause has a vision of ensuring that no one goes through having a child taken into care more than once.
However, more than half of areas have no support available for parents after a child is removed from their care, which leads to many being trapped in a cycle of pregnancies, care proceedings and repeat removals.
What assurances can the Secretary of State give that this valuable work will be more widely rolled out across the country, and will she meet me and Pause to discuss how that work can be taken forward?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady, and I am sure that the Under-Secretary of State for Education, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Lewisham East (Janet Daby)  would be happy to meet her to discuss the issue further.
She is right to identify the need for ongoing support for families when a child or children has been removed.
Before coming to this House, I worked with many families who were in that situation.