Friend  the Member for Lewisham East (Janet Daby)  would be happy to meet her to discuss the issue further.
She is right to identify the need for ongoing support for families when a child or children has been removed.
Before coming to this House, I worked with many families who were in that situation.
I saw directly not just how much of a difference could be made to the lives of those children and families, but how, when mothers were going through subsequent pregnancies, that intervention and support could often be crucial in making sure that the children were able to stay with the mother.
That is sadly not always possible, but much more can be achieved with the right level of support.
I certainly saw some amazing examples where it was possible to break what had sadly felt like a cycle.
I thank all those working so hard to support vulnerable children in our country, and I thank the Secretary of State for her statement today and some excellent steps forward.
May I ask her for a little more clarity on the important point she made about the need for greater co-production with charities and other agencies?
As we take forward further proposals both for legislation and for wider change and reform across the sector, we look forward to working not only  with family rights organisations, charities and others to make sure that they are involved in the design of services, but with our brilliant and often unsung workforce—as my hon.
Friend identifies—who often do their work behind the scenes and without the recognition they deserve.
Our social work workforce and others play a crucial role, and we are determined to do more to support them in their vital endeavours.
I warmly welcome today’s statement from the Secretary of State.
As a county councillor in Oxfordshire, the number of children in our care who are living in unregistered children’s homes is of grave concern to me.
Those homes are often overpriced and always suboptimal for vulnerable children, as well as being strictly illegal.
I heard what the Secretary of State had to say about the local authority settlement next month.
Will she undertake to work with the Deputy Prime Minister and the Chancellor to allocate some of the capital investment announced in the Budget, so that local authorities can open new registered children’s homes and provide safer and more affordable accommodation closer to home for vulnerable young people?
I agree, and I will be working very closely with the Chancellor and the Deputy Prime Minister in this area.
The hon.
Gentleman is right to highlight the increase in unsafe unregistered placements.
That is why we are giving Ofsted further powers to act and why I set out in the Command Paper that we will make sure that councils and others have the powers they need to deliver more placements for children.
I encourage him to look closely at that work; I think he will find much that he can welcome in it.
I welcome my right hon.
Friend’s considerate focus.
Children in care have died in unregulated accommodation, but that did not stop the last Conservative Government introducing cruel legislation to make it permissible for councils to place children in care aged 16 and above into such accommodation—tents, caravans, bed and breakfasts and houses in multiple occupation, surrounded by adult strangers and with no continuing care at all.
Please will she overturn that legislation?