However, the losses on Sir Galahad were the result of enemy action, and enemy action alone.
Under the Public Records Act 1958 we protect personal data and information, but we have recently reviewed further files and I look forward to meeting my hon.
Friend this month to discuss the issue further.
Falklands veterans from the Welsh Guards, including my constituent Mike Hermanis, continue to campaign to uncover the truth behind the attack on the Sir Galahad in June 1982.
I know that the Minister is already working on this, but with time marching on, will he agree to meet not only me, but colleagues and, crucially, veterans from the campaign to discuss releasing the remaining documents from the board of inquiry so that those veterans and the families of those who died can finally get to the truth?
I would welcome a discussion with my hon.
Friend about engaging with the veterans community from Sir Galahad, and I look forward to our meeting later this month.
I have many friends who served out there, and the after-effects of that disaster—death, burnt human beings—still bang on and resonate with them today.
All they want is to know why they were there at the wrong time.
Who gave the orders?
The report is critical.
It is not just a case of them being damaged or killed by enemy action; it is about the incompetence of those who put them in the wrong place at the wrong time, leaving them open to that simple, terrible attack.
There is much chaos in conflict, as the right hon.
Gentleman knows, and the Ministry of Defence in no way blames the Welsh Guards for the events of that tragic day.
My officials have been reviewing further files,  and two extracts from the board of inquiry have been reviewed and are now within the open records at the National Archives.
I thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Newport East (Jessica Morden)  for her sustained campaign for transparency.
My constituent Oliver Richardson, the mayor of Deal, was just 21 when he survived the sinking.
I welcome the Minister’s offer of a meeting, and I ask to be included, please.
Absolutely.
I emphasise how mystifying it is that these documents have not already been released, 40 years after the conflict.
It is not about identifying blame or who was responsible.
In my view, it is about making sure that lessons are transparently learned for future operations about command chains and accountability during conflict.
What is the reason for withholding these documents?
Will the Minister show compassion for those who still live with this, whether as bereaved relatives or as people bearing the scars and injuries of this dreadful event?
First of all, I have compassion for those injured or wounded in combat, after seeing many throughout my career.
I assure the House that the individual lessons learned from this conflict have been spread throughout the Department and into the single services.
Five files, comprising 308 witness statements, are closed and, under the terms of the Public Records Act 1958, these witness statements will remain closed until 2065.
However, we will look at reviewing some of these statements, and we will provide a view in due course.
What his Department’s planned timetable is for the strategic defence review.
The strategic defence review is the first of its kind in the UK.
It is externally led and draws widely on experts within Government and the military, as well as those from industry, academia and our allies.
The reviewers will report in the spring.
With the increasing threats we see around the world, the Government are entitled to conduct a strategic defence review, but that should not be an excuse not to commit to increasing defence spending.