Lady is right that, in this House, we all bear a responsibility to represent the needs of vulnerable children, whose voices are often not heard in our deliberations.
We will seek to bring forward measures as soon as parliamentary time allows, because we know that the crisis we face is urgent.
Yes, we will work with councils on the services they can provide, either directly or by working with charities and others.
I have seen great examples across the country of that already happening.
Councils need the Government to give them further backing to do this on a bigger scale, and the plans we are setting out today will provide for precisely that.
Today, I am calling time on excessive profiteering, and if providers do not respond, we will not hesitate to bring forward measures to cap their profits.
We are looking very closely at special schools, too.
I welcome this statement, which those of us with care experience, and those of us who have worked in this area, have wanted to see for years.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that it is entirely regrettable that the work of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Whitehaven and Workington (Josh MacAlister)  was commissioned by the previous Government and then left on a shelf to gather dust?
Will she reassure everyone working in this area that, under this Labour Government, every penny will go towards helping young people to thrive, not merely survive, rather than lining the pockets of profiteers?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend, who has consistently shared his personal experience, and who has demonstrated to so many young people what can be achieved, even when there are barriers to overcome.
He knows as well as I do that far too many care-experienced young people in our country lack the support and backing that they deserve, and we are determined to change that.
He is also right to point to the excellent work of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Whitehaven and Workington (Josh MacAlister) .
I am delighted to have been able to set out many developments arising from that crucial work.
There is so much more that we need to do together to put the rights and needs of vulnerable children at the heart of our policymaking.
I call Graham Stuart.
Thank you, Mr Deputy Speaker. [
Interruption.]
I did not mean to knock you down a peg, Mr Speaker; that would be very unwise.
I regret the Secretary of State’s tone in response to the shadow Secretary of State, and I hope that, over time, she learns not to adopt that tone on issues such as this.
The shadow Secretary of State noted that there is a capacity crisis, and the Secretary of State has said that we need greater early intervention now.
Is the Secretary of State confident that she has the resources to support local authorities and others in tackling this twin challenge?
Both parts need to be tackled at the same time, which is a truly serious undertaking.
I am not quite sure how to begin to respond to the frankly extraordinary first part of the right hon.
Gentleman’s question.
To take the more serious points he raised, we are determined to ensure that we have the resources and support in place for the most vulnerable children in our country.
The reason I get so cross when I hear some of the contributions made by Conservative Members is that during my time as shadow Secretary of State and Secretary of State, I have heard directly from far too many children who have been badly failed by this system.
It is shocking and shameful, and we will change it.
Years of inaction by previous Conservative Governments have led to vulnerable children feeling forgotten and councils being financially crippled.
How will my right hon.
Friend ensure that reforms truly prioritise children’s wellbeing and tackle profiteering at their expense?
My hon.