There have been 25 well-recorded near misses between the United States and Russia—and, formerly, the Soviet Union.
In that context, will the Minister explain why, on  1 November , when the United National General Assembly was invited to vote on establishing a panel for a scientific study on the effects of nuclear weapons, Britain, Russia and France were the only three countries to vote against its establishment?
Fortunately, the committee was established.
Will the Minister assure the House that Britain will fully co-operate in examining the devastating effect of nuclear weapons were they ever to be used?
The UK has always recognised the possible humanitarian consequences of the use of nuclear weapons.
The proposed panel does not establish a clear mandate to address maintaining long-held knowledge of the devastating consequences of nuclear war using scientific research, and the resolution will not advance progress towards nuclear disarmament.
That is why we voted against it.
The Secretary of State’s commitment to nuclear testing veterans is well known, but he may be concerned by a report in the Daily Mirror today claiming that incorrect testimony and incomplete documentation were provided by civil servants and given to judges in the court cases brought by the nuclear veterans over decades.
Will the Secretary of State investigate those claims urgently and report to the House?
I can assure the hon.
Lady that my hon.
Friend the Minister for Veterans and People has met nuclear test veterans to establish a new relationship to ensure that we have consistent and productive dialogue.
I know that he is committed to exploring the concerns raised about access to medical records, and I am sure that progress will be made in that context.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
This Government are delivering for defence.
Last month, the UK and Germany signed the landmark Trinity House agreement, marking a new era of co-operation between our armed forces and our defence industries.
With threats increasing, we must strengthen European security.
Tomorrow marks the bloody milestone of 1,000 days since Putin’s illegal invasion of Ukraine began.
The UK continues to be united for Ukraine, and the Government continue to step up support for Ukraine.
As part of that, I can confirm today that 50,000 Ukrainian troops have now been trained through Operation Interflex —the UK-led multinational training programme—which I have now extended to run throughout 2025.
I welcome that announcement by the Secretary of State.
It should shame every politician in this House that today veterans who have served our country are still sleeping rough on our streets.
Can the Secretary of State set out the steps he will take to ensure that homes will be there for heroes?
Our first step was to ensure that veterans who face homelessness have a more advantaged place in social housing provision—that was announced by the Prime Minister in his Labour party conference speech and will be followed up by the Deputy Prime Minister in changes to the arrangements for local authority guidance.
On the eve of Remembrance weekend, we also made a pledge of £3.5 million to help homeless veterans.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
In relation to the cost of renting back our own military base on the Chagos islands, last week the Minister of State, Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office,  the hon.
Member for Cardiff South and Penarth (Stephen Doughty) , said that the reason the Government refused to tell us what the cost will be is that
“it is not normal practice for the UK to reveal the value of payments for military bases anywhere across the globe”.—[Official Report,  13 November 2024 ; Vol.
756, c. 793.]
Is that correct?
That is correct, but it is also true to say that the treaty is in the legal and national security interests of the UK and US.