Friend is absolutely right.
The shadow Defence Secretary will recognise the role that small, medium and growing companies can play in our defence and security sector better than anyone else in the House.
That is one reason why, within days of getting this job, I did not just meet the big, leading defence companies; I had a similar meeting and briefing on the approach this Government will take with small and medium-sized companies, including growing companies, in the defence sector.
Such companies will be an important focus for the strategic defence review, as the reforms and the long-term industrial strategy required to deliver stronger defences for this country are considered.
What steps he is taking to improve recruitment and retention in the armed forces.
What steps the Government are taking to improve recruitment and retention in the armed forces.
This Government have already begun to modernise and refine our policies and processes to attract and retain the best possible talent in our armed forces.
We are delivering for defence, with a 35% pay increase for new recruits and one of the largest pay increases in the last 20 years for existing personnel.
We are scrapping over 100 outdated medical policies and setting an ambition to make a conditional offer of employment to candidates within 10 days and a provisional training start date within 30 days.
From cadets to regulars and reservists, it is clear that we must urgently tackle the recruitment and retention crisis presided over by the last Government.
Will the Minister join me in welcoming the fact that over 700 applications are now being reconsidered after the removal of unnecessary red tape blocking some sufferers of hay fever and acne from joining?
I am delighted to join my hon.
Friend in welcoming the announcement by the Ministry of Defence that more than 700 applications have been reconsidered following the removal of 100 outdated medical policies, such as those blocking some sufferers of hay fever, eczema and acne.
That is a perfect example of how we are fixing the foundations and delivering for defence.
I welcome the Government’s commitment in this area.
Since 1999, there have been only six years when the regular forces have grown in size, and all three armed forces are currently below target.
Does the Minister believe there will be any year between now and 2030 when there will be a net increase in numbers?
Does he have a target for the overall increase in those years?
Or is it a bit like 2.5% of GDP, and we will just have to wait and see—“Make me good, but not yet”?
I welcome the right hon.
Gentleman’s passion for recruitment.
The recruitment target was missed in every single year of the last Conservative Government.
It will take us time to fix the process, but we have already made announcements about improving retention and recruitment.
We will make further such announcements in the months ahead to ensure that we are dealing with the gaps in our capabilities and improving morale, and that we have forces that are able to deter and defeat aggressors, if necessary.
I welcome the shadow Minister to his place.
Thank you, Mr Speaker—it is nice to be back.
On recruitment, many who join the armed forces began their military journey as cadets.
The previous Conservative Government’s cadet expansion programme successfully established hundreds of new cadet units in state schools.
However, this Labour Government have recently withdrawn  a critical £1 million-plus grant that supports cadet instructors in many of the very same state schools.
Will the Government as a whole urgently review that very unwelcome decision?
I welcome my shadow to his place.
The Government are committed to cadets.
It is a really valuable pastime for young people, which provides skills and opportunities that will last them a lifetime.