Ever mindful of that, and of the need to ensure that the independent Armed Forces Commissioner has the same responsibility and power in every place in Northern Ireland, will the Minister please indicate strongly, if he can, that every council will be involved, and every person who needs help in Northern Ireland will get it?
The Armed Forces Commissioner will extend to all parts of the United Kingdom and cover the service welfare matters of UK armed forces personnel and their families, including when deployed abroad.
We would expect recommendations to be published directly to Parliament, not through the Ministry of Defence, to ensure the impartiality and independence of the role, and to allow Members of Parliament from all parts of the House to scrutinise recommendations and issues raised by the commissioner.
That will include every nation within the United Kingdom.
What steps he is taking with his NATO counterparts to increase co-operation on missile defence.
This Government are getting on with delivering for defence to make Britain secure at home and strong abroad.
The UK remains a leading voice in NATO on missile defence, which we see as a cross-Government and international effort.
We are working to enhance our missile defence capabilities, and modernising our approach to air and missile defence, both for our own forces and with our NATO allies.
At last month’s NATO Ministers of Defence meeting the Secretary of State agreed to step up co-operation with our NATO allies on missile defence and cutting-edge long-range missiles.
Does the Minister agree that a focus on integrating NATO’s missile defence is key to strengthening European security?
Yes, I do.
Defence against air and missile threats has played a key role in our recent thinking, and with our NATO-first approach to policy, putting integration with our allies at the heart of our defence plans makes sense and is a vital part of ensuring our security going forward.
Will the United Kingdom, preferably in tandem with our European colleagues but if necessary bilaterally with the United States, align with the United States in permitting Ukraine to use the missile defence systems that we have supplied as it sees fit in its own defence?
Absolutely.
We intend to align with our allies in making sure that Ukraine can make use of the capability that has been offered by those who have committed support to that country in its fight.
What steps he is taking to support veterans in Newcastle-under-Lyme constituency.
This is a Government of service who will always stand up for those who serve our country, and I am steadfast in my commitment to deliver improved services for veterans nationwide, including in Newcastle-under-Lyme.
I am working to ensure a dedicated structure and support mechanism for veterans that is more institutionally resilient, through working across Government and with devolved Administrations.
Our veterans are on the frontline as they defend our country, and when seeking meaningful support to get on with their lives when they get home.
Will the Minister join me in paying tribute to the Tri Services and Veterans Support Centre in Newcastle-under-Lyme, led by chairman Geoff Harriman, for all the work it does?
Will he come to visit the centre, meet our veterans, and show them the support that they deserve?
I would be delighted to accept my hon.
Friend’s offer to visit Newcastle-under-Lyme and reopen the tri-service centre.
I look forward to meeting veterans in the constituency and learning more about the fantastic work they are doing.
I recently met Got Your Six in Wincanton, which provides crucial therapeutic support for veterans and serving personnel.
One veteran told me that its support had been invaluable at a point in his life when he could not see a future.
Will the Minister join me in congratulating Got Your Six, and will the Government support such groups to expand their crucial work?