The Deputy Prime Minister and I are ambitious about reforming how we work with children and families, from when they encounter challenges right through to building solutions.
We will set out funding plans for children’s social care, and future investment in preventive services, in the upcoming local government finance settlement.
All families face challenges at one time or another.
I want to help them to come up with their own solutions, wherever possible, so we will legislate to embed family group decision-making as an offer all families can access.
Early targeted support minimises more costly and disruptive intervention later, so it is much better value for taxpayers.
But ultimately, that is not the point.
The most important point is that it is better for children’s lives now and in the future, building that bedrock of family love and support that we all need.
We know that we must also have strong child protection measures in place, so today I am setting out plans to require every council to have multi-agency child safeguarding teams, consulting schools and teachers to stop children falling through the cracks.
Sometimes, despite the best efforts of all involved, children cannot remain at home, and our priority then is to support them to live with kinship carers or in fostering families, connected to extended family in a stable home.
That is why I was not just pleased but deeply proud when the Government announced the largest ever national investment in kinship care at last month’s Budget—an investment in the futures of vulnerable children.
That money will trial a new kinship allowance to help family members and friends to care for vulnerable children.
We will also extend the “virtual school head” programme, placing it on a statutory footing and championing the education of children in kinship care.
Even with these changes, however, there will remain instances in which children must enter the care system, so it is vital that we fix the broken care market.
We know that the quality and safety of children’s homes in England is simply not good enough.
Year after year, the previous Government sat on their hands while children were let down— their life chances wrecked, their hopes dashed, and their dignity ignored.
I know that many Opposition Members shared the disappointment I felt as Ministers in that Government ignored these issues and left them to drift, when they could have gripped them as this Government do today.
We will act decisively, helping children to remain close to the people who love them whenever possible, and ending the reckless profiteering of some providers.
We will rebalance and stabilise the placements market, including by establishing a financial oversight scheme for the very first time.
We will make the market more transparent, and we will empower local authorities to collaborate on placements, including through regional care co-operatives.
We will give Ofsted the power to move more quickly against unregistered care providers and tackle patterns of poor care.
Those are actions to fix the care market, but Members should be in no doubt that if companies continue to make extreme profits at the cost of vulnerable children, I will go further and harder.
We will introduce new powers allowing the Government to directly cap the level of profit from children’s social care placements.
At their best, private providers can help improve the lives of vulnerable children, but when the focus drifts towards exploitation in the pursuit of profit, be in no doubt that I will act.
These are the reforms to deliver the best placements for children, but the journey does not end there.
We must give young people leaving care the right support as they make the transition to adult life.
I was pleased to co-chair the ministerial care leaver board alongside the Deputy Prime Minister earlier this month.