One of the first privileges I had in this new role was to represent the country at the NATO Washington summit.
That was the point at which the NATO nations collectively agreed to step up support for Ukraine and to develop the security guarantees that Ukraine will need in the longer term.
The task for us and allies that support Ukraine is to help Ukrainians and support them in their fight now.
At the point at which they judge the talking should start, our role then is to give them equally steadfast support, and we will.
I am sure the whole House stands solidly with Ukraine on its one thousandth day countering Russian aggression and doing so for us all, but its ability to do so is weakened by North Korea sending armaments and manpower, the Iranians sending drones, and oil contracts still being signed.
Will the Minister assure us that, in the light of the American decision to allow strikes inside Russia, we will also give permission for our missiles to be used to break up concentrations of arms and material inside Russia?
I will not be drawn on details about long-range missiles today—it risks operational security, and the only person who benefits from public debate is President Putin.
As the right hon.
Member rightly says, 10,000 North Korean troops are on the frontline in Russia.
At the weekend, Russia launched its biggest aerial attack into Ukraine since August against infrastructure.
I spoke yesterday to the US Defence Secretary about this escalation.
I will speak to the Ukrainian Defence Minister about it later today.
I want the House to be in no doubt: the Prime Minister has been clear that we must double down and give Ukraine the support it needs for as long as it needs.
We will continue to work in close co-ordination with the US in our support for Ukraine.
I call the Chair of the Defence Committee.
I asked the Secretary of State last month whether there was an update on the usage of Storm Shadow missiles by Ukraine.
As has been widely reported, yesterday President Biden lifted restrictions on the use of long-range US missiles.
Given the continuous bombing of Ukrainian communities by Russia, and given that thousands of North Korean troops are fighting against our ally in our continent, will Ukraine now be allowed to use those Storm Shadow missiles—obviously, within the confines  of international law—or do we expect Ukraine to continue fighting and defending itself with one hand tied behind its back while keeping those Storm Shadows in safe storage?
I say again that I will not compromise operational security and comment on the details of long-range systems today.
The Prime Minister has been clear—as I am being to the House—that we must double down on the support to Ukraine, give it the support it needs and do so for as long as it takes.
In doing so, we will continue our close co-operation with the US and allies in providing that support to Ukraine.
I join the Chair of the Defence Committee,  the hon.
Member for Slough (Mr Dhesi) , in strongly welcoming the decision by the United States to permit Ukraine to use long-range missiles in Kursk.
I know the Secretary of State does not want to go into operational detail—I understand that—but I assure him of our support if he follows through in relation to Storm Shadow, as we believe he should.
There will be those who talk about escalation, but does he agree that the only escalation that matters here is 10,000 North Korean troops on the ground supporting Russia in its illegal war?
The shadow Secretary of State is right that the one person responsible for escalation in this conflict is President Putin, and the one side that has been escalating in recent months is Russia.