Lady to move that forward.
With permission, Mr Speaker, I would like to make a statement about the Government’s plans for children’s social care.
I know all Members here today will agree that caring for vulnerable children is among the most vital responsibilities of any Government.
This Government treat no issue with more importance than the urgent challenge of improving children’s social care.
This is a new era of child-centred government, of putting children first.
That is how we achieve our opportunity mission, how we break the unfair link between background and success, and how we support families to achieve and thrive.
Our mission applies to all children, especially the most vulnerable, those for whom childhood is a storm of instability, neglect and even violence—denied the foundation of love that is the first right of any child.
Children’s social care alone cannot right all those wrongs.
We need a joined-up approach, across Government and beyond.
That is why mission-led government is so important.
But done well, children’s social care empowers families to support their children, putting them back on the path to happy, healthy lives.
It is with great concern that I come here today to tell Members what they must already know: the system that the Government have inherited from Opposition Members is broken and failing far too many children.
It is kept alive by the efforts of our amazing workforce.
I want to thank all those working so hard to keep children safe, but children’s social care is struggling under an impossible weight.
We have more children in care in this country than ever before.
With more and more money following children into the most expensive part of the system, resources are sucked out of preventive services, pushing yet more young people into care.
And so the vicious cycle continues: higher costs but poorer outcomes.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Whitehaven and Workington (Josh MacAlister)  rightly identified that cycle in his review over two years ago: a broken market for care, vulnerable to the shameful profiteering of too many private companies.
Local government spending on children’s social care has risen by £4.4 billion over the last decade.
What do we have to show for it?
A system too busy treating symptoms to tackle causes, a system that costs more for taxpayers but delivers less for families, and a system that is failing our children and which is crying out for change.
Today, the Labour Government begin that change: ambitious, wide-ranging reform to lift the life chances of our most vulnerable children.
I am pleased to announce the publication of a policy statement that puts children’s social care back in the service of children and families, breaking the cycle of crisis intervention.
This is the biggest reform of children’s social care in a generation.
It starts with the acknowledgement that, wherever possible, children should remain with their families.
That is where children belong.
It is on that foundation of family love that children can live happy lives.
That is why early intervention, tackling problems before they escalate, holds the key to brighter futures for our children.
We will simplify the way we fund local government next   year, consolidating more than £400 million of children’s social care funding within the local government finance settlement.
With immediate effect, we will suspend the payment by results aspect of the supporting families funding.
We will renew the way we work with the sector, co-designing services together to meet the needs of children and families in their communities.
The Deputy Prime Minister and I are ambitious about reforming how we work with children and families, from when they encounter challenges right through to building solutions.
We will set out funding plans for children’s social care, and future investment in preventive services, in the upcoming local government finance settlement.
All families face challenges at one time or another.