I was so pleased to go to His Majesty’s Lord Lieutenant of Kent’s cadet awards recently to hear about the fantastic work of our local cadet forces.
What might the Secretary of State have to say to the brilliant young people I saw there to justify the recent decision to cut funding for state school cadets?
I will not comment on other parts of the Government’s funding priorities; what I would suggest is that the MOD absolutely supports the cadet forces.
We have over 140,000 cadets and 26,000 adult volunteers, and we will review the cadets process and make sure it is fit for purpose as we move forward.
The military housing this Government inherited for families at RAF Northolt in my constituency simply is not good enough.
Can the Minister set out how the improvements recommended in the Kerslake review will be implemented, so that the military families I represent and serve will finally get the decent housing they deserve?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his really important question.
For the past 14 years, we have kicked the can down the road on housing, and I will take it upon myself to put in place a medium and long-term plan that will solve those housing problems as we move forward.
There are over 47,000 MOD properties, and we will make sure people get the deal they deserve.
Could I ask for a progress update on the recruitment for a national armaments director, the creation of a military strategic headquarters, and the release of the defence industrial strategy, and crucially, will they all be in place and established in time to contribute to the recommendations of the strategic defence review?
I congratulate the hon.
Gentleman on his position as parliamentary private secretary to the shadow Defence team—it is good to see him asking questions.
The short answer is yes.
As we meet today, EU Foreign Ministers are reportedly discussing that Chinese manufacturing is now providing drones to the Russian war machine, specifically drones made in Xinjiang.
Does that not further the need for Europe to deepen its own defence industrial base, and specifically, should we be securing an administrative arrangement with the European Defence Agency to that end?
It is certainly true that we need to rebuild relations with important European allies, and that we need to do more collaboratively on big programmes.
That is at the heart of the UK-German defence agreement that we have already signed as a new Government.
We have also said that we will set out to strike a UK-EU security agreement, and aspects of that may be relevant.
Many veterans who I have spoken to recently are deeply concerned about the Government’s decision to remove the role of Veterans Minister from Cabinet.
Will the Secretary of State explain how he will ensure veterans get the attention from Government that they rightly deserve?
Veterans have a fully fledged Cabinet Minister speaking up for them.
I am proud to do so as the Secretary of State for Defence.
Groups such as Light Project Peterborough do vital work to support homeless veterans, but as we know, demand has risen in recent years.
Will the Minister welcome and congratulate groups such as Light Project and outline what steps he is taking to ensure support for veterans facing homelessness this winter?
Absolutely, and I congratulate Light Project on its work.
Op Fortitude has also referred over 2,000 veterans, and has already put 800 into housing.
The Secretary of State said a moment ago that the UK is working on a potential UK-EU security agreement.
Might that include involvement in the European Peace Facility, which procures ammunition jointly?
Discussions are at an early stage.
At present, I am more concerned about the action we can take immediately, which is why I have given my first priority to building relations with key European allies.