I recently met Got Your Six in Wincanton, which provides crucial therapeutic support for veterans and serving personnel.
One veteran told me that its support had been invaluable at a point in his life when he could not see a future.
Will the Minister join me in congratulating Got Your Six, and will the Government support such groups to expand their crucial work?
I congratulate Got Your Six and all the charitable sector on the amazing voluntary work that goes on across the country.
I, too, have seen the amazing work that Got Your Six does and would like to meet its representatives in due course if they come down to Westminster.
What steps he has taken to increase support for Ukraine.
What steps he has taken to increase support for Ukraine.
With tomorrow marking 1,000 days since the start of President Putin’s brutal, illegal invasion of Ukraine, our commitment to stand with the Ukrainian people is absolute.
We have stepped up with more military support, we have sped up deliveries, and we are now spending more on military aid as a country than ever before.
Tomorrow will be 1,000 days since Putin invaded Ukraine.
My constituents in Kilmarnock and Loudoun have concerns about the ongoing welfare of Ukrainian civilians, so can the Secretary of State please assure my constituents that the Government will continue to offer support and aid to those in need?
Will he underline our absolute support for Ukraine forces to end Putin’s aggression?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
What she really says is that the Ukrainians have been fighting with huge courage—military and civilians alike—and the best way we can help the Ukrainians to defend their own civilians is to step up our support for Ukraine.
That is why we have increased military support and aid to its highest level ever.
We have signed a new industrial treaty with Ukraine worth £3.5 billion to increase military hardware.
We have hit the £1 billion milestone for the UK-led international fund for Ukraine.
We will stand with Ukraine for as long as it takes.
This is a Government delivering for defence and for Ukraine.
I thank the Secretary of State for his previous answers.
Will he outline some of the detail of the support that has been offered to Ukraine and how that support is evolving as the conflict continues?
At each stage, we have tried to respond to the requirements that the Ukrainians say that they have to match the state of their battle to defend their country.
We have announced packages of artillery, of ammunition and of air defence, which is one of their most critical needs at present, including recently a new contract to supply short-range air defence missiles—the  lightweight multi-role missiles.
Those will be in Ukrainian hands at the turn of the year.
We expect to step up that production and delivery during the course of next year.
Does the Secretary of State share my concern at the recent media interview given by a leading candidate to be Labour’s next ambassador to Washington DC?
This supposedly clever negotiator declared that Ukraine should not expect to get its territory back, and should not expect to be put on the path to join NATO, but could perhaps secure some security guarantees from western countries.
Does the Secretary of State agree that whoever is sent to Washington should be somebody who supports Ukraine in defending itself and does not reward Russian aggression with pre-emptive capitulation?
One of the first privileges I had in this new role was to represent the country at the NATO Washington summit.
That was the point at which the NATO nations collectively agreed to step up support for Ukraine and to develop the security guarantees that Ukraine will need in the longer term.
The task for us and allies that support Ukraine is to help Ukrainians and support them in their fight now.