756, c. 793.]
Is that correct?
That is correct, but it is also true to say that the treaty is in the legal and national security interests of the UK and US.
That is why the US Defence Secretary welcomed the agreement, which he said would
“safeguard the strategic security interests of the United Kingdom…and the United States…into the next century”.
The Secretary of State says it is true that it is not normal practice for the UK to reveal the value of payments for military bases, but there have actually been several written answers, under this Government and previous ones, giving the costs of overseas bases.
For example, in November 2015 the then Minister for the Armed Forces—Penny Mordaunt, no less—revealed in a written answer the cost of 10 overseas bases, including Diego Garcia and the cost of leases.
The reason for withholding the cost does not stack up.
What does the Secretary of State have to hide from Parliament?
Absolutely nothing, nor will we.
It is a matter of course to confirm running costs for bases.
What we are talking about here is an agreement leading to a treaty that will be put before this House.
I have said to the House and to the shadow Secretary of State that we will set out the costs and the details of that treaty in due course when the House comes to consider it.
In Doncaster, we are proud to have an armed forces covenant co-ordinator, the fantastic Teresa Hodgson, and a Doncaster armed forces covenant board, which is a coalition of groups and organisations committed to supporting the armed forces community in Doncaster.
Will the Minister visit my constituency to speak to the board and discuss the action that the Government are taking to support veterans facing homelessness?
I would love to come and visit my hon.
Friend’s constituency to talk through that and reaffirm that the covenant will go into law in the next two to three years.
That work is progressing as I speak.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Tomorrow marks 1,000 days since the illegal invasion of Ukraine.
With the incoming White House Administration casting doubts on continued US support for Ukraine, I echo the calls heard across the House today urging the Minister to confirm that the Government plan to authorise the use of Storm Shadow missiles in Russia.
I urge the hon.
Lady to look back in the record at the answer that I have given two or three times already to this House.
I thank the Secretary of State for Defence for his decisive action to safeguard the Octric semiconductor factory in Newton Aycliffe in my constituency, protecting jobs and, crucially, the sovereign supply of this vital defence component.
Will my right hon.
Friend meet with me to discuss how we can expand the jobs, apprenticeships and opportunities at this fantastic high-tech facility?
The MOD will continue to invest in the company’s people to ensure that the facility has a sustainable future.
Octric’s leadership team is currently finalising its future resource plan, which will cover the need for new high-tech roles such as engineers and scientists to ensure  that the facility is best placed to develop new technology and meet defence needs.
I am more than happy to meet my hon.
Friend about that.
I was so pleased to go to His Majesty’s Lord Lieutenant of Kent’s cadet awards recently to hear about the fantastic work of our local cadet forces.
What might the Secretary of State have to say to the brilliant young people I saw there to justify the recent decision to cut funding for state school cadets?
I will not comment on other parts of the Government’s funding priorities; what I would suggest is that the MOD absolutely supports the cadet forces.