I welcome my shadow to his place.
The Government are committed to cadets.
It is a really valuable pastime for young people, which provides skills and opportunities that will last them a lifetime.
The Minister for Veterans and People is reviewing the cadet force to ensure that it can continue to play a really important role for young people and support the overall mission of defence.
I welcome the Minister’s kind welcome.
On retention, how can we persuade people to remain in our armed forces if they sense that the new Government do not really have their back?
In that context, will the Ministry of Defence start to defend its own veterans within Whitehall, and argue that the perverse plan to repeal the Northern Ireland Troubles (Legacy and Reconciliation) Act 2023 should be abandoned as soon as possible?
I had such high hopes for the right hon.
Gentleman as my shadow.
Let me be very clear: the Government are renewing the contract between the nation and those who serve—a contract that had been eroded over 14 years, with black mould in military accommodation, falling morale and gaps in our capabilities.
We will not only support retention and recruitment, but through the work that the Defence Secretary does in Cabinet and the work of the Minister for Veterans and People, we will support our veterans as well.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I have heard from a number of young people who have tried to join the military, only to be met with long waits for their medical assessment.
I understand the need for applicants to be thoroughly assessed, but we are losing valuable recruits due to the processing time.
Many cannot afford to wait around and ultimately choose a different path.
How is the Minister ensuring that the medical assessment process runs efficiently?
It is a really important part of the application process that we ensure that the people we accept into our armed forces are medically fit.
We have already made progress in this area by removing outdated medical processes, and we are working with colleagues across health to ensure that access to applicants’ medical records is smooth and efficient, reducing the delay between someone saying that they want to serve in our armed forces and that person getting through the door of a training base.
There is lots of work to be done, and we hope to make further announcements in due course.
What plans he has to maintain the UK’s role in NATO.
NATO is the cornerstone of UK and Euro-Atlantic security.
Our commitment to the alliance is unshakable.
The strategic defence review will ensure that we have a NATO-first policy at the heart of Britain’s defence plans for the future.
Following the election of President Trump in the United States, there will clearly be much more pressure from the new US Administration on other countries in NATO to step up to the mark and put in the resources that they should be putting in to safeguard the defence of Europe.
What action will the Secretary of State take to show leadership and ensure that other European countries step up and keep Europe safe from external threats such as Russia, China and beyond?
Our cast-iron commitment to increase defence spending to 2.5% of GDP will help to set the pace in NATO.
I am pleased that, while in 2001 only six NATO nations were meeting the pledge level of 2%, this year 23 nations are doing so.
The UK commits almost all our armed forces and our nuclear deterrent to NATO, so we play a leading role.
We will have a NATO-first policy at the heart of our defence plans, and will always look to be first in NATO as part of our leadership role.
Mindful that tomorrow marks the 1,000-day anniversary of the invasion of Ukraine, and of the increase in Russian hostility over the weekend, will my right hon.