Could the Secretary of State please set out what his plans are for ending that 8 am phone scramble, including for those who do not use apps and websites as confidently?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for that question.
As the Prime Minister set out in our elective reform plan yesterday, we are determined to make sure that accessing NHS services, including general practice, dentistry and other primary care services, is as easy and convenient as accessing any other services at the touch of a button via our smartphones.
We have committed to that in the elective reform plan, which will bring benefits right across the NHS as we modernise.
Of course, she is right to mention those who may not be digitally connected or may not want to access services in that way.
That is why I believe very strongly in patient choice—different courses for different horses.
People like me booking via the app will free up telephone lines for those who prefer to access services that way.
Is the Secretary of State aware that the increase to employer national insurance is actually reducing patient access to primary care?
I met GP representatives in Aberdeenshire and Aberdeen recently, and they told me of two ways in which that is happening: first, they are having to let staff go; and secondly, some GPs are considering meeting these costs from their own pockets.
Will he consider an exemption for GP practices from these charges?
That was a rare admission of failure in this House by the SNP.
I am very sorry to hear that general practice in Scotland is in such a sorry state, because here in England we are investing £889 million in general practice, the biggest uplift in years.
That is in addition to the funding I have found to employ 1,000 more GPs on the frontline before April, because we are prioritising general practice.
As for the decisions the Chancellor took in the Budget, as I said before the election, all roads lead to Westminster.
Thanks to the decision a Labour Chancellor has made here in Westminster, coming down that road from Westminster to Holyrood are the resources the SNP Government need to deliver the priorities of the Scottish people.
If they cannot, Anas Sarwar and Jackie Baillie stand ready to deliver.
I call the shadow Minister.
To improve access, the Government have announced a planned expansion of advice and guidance, and GPs will be paid £20 per advice and guidance request they make for further expert advice from consultants.
How do the Government expect this expansion to take place?
Will they be mandating it given that the current position of the British Medical Association, under its collective action, is that GPs should
“Stop engaging with the e-Referral Advice & Guidance pathway”?
I think the shadow Minister will find that GPs welcome the £889 million uplift announced just before Christmas.
That is the biggest boost to general practice in years.
It is part of this Government’s agenda to fix the front door to the NHS and recognise the dire state that GPs were left under.
Of course, with that investment comes reform.
I think GPs would be delighted to manage more of their patients in the community if given the tools to do the job, and that is something this Government are committed to doing.
Going back to advice and guidance, GPs use advice and guidance when they have come to the summit of their knowledge and need specialist input.
For example, as a GP, I may see a rheumatology patient and ask for advice from a rheumatologist, who may advise specialist blood tests.
The problem is that, as the inquiry clinician, I am legally responsible for those blood tests and have to pay for them out of the primary care budget.
Do the Government propose that the £20 will cover subsequent follow-ups and the cost of suggested tests?