For example, as a GP, I may see a rheumatology patient and ask for advice from a rheumatologist, who may advise specialist blood tests.
The problem is that, as the inquiry clinician, I am legally responsible for those blood tests and have to pay for them out of the primary care budget.
Do the Government propose that the £20 will cover subsequent follow-ups and the cost of suggested tests?
Given the expansion of advice and guidance, will the Government be looking at a legal framework change in accountability for clinicians making requests?
First, as the shadow Minister has said, advice and guidance happens in general practice, and we want to see more of it.
We have to give GPs the tools to do the job, and that is what we are doing.
My hon.
Friend the Minister for Care will be talking to the BMA shortly in the context of contract negotiations in the usual way.
What the shadow Minister neglects to mention is that these reforms and improvements to general practice are made possible thanks to the £889 million we are putting in, which is investment that he and his party oppose.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Dentistry is a key part of primary care, yet an estimated 5 million people in England have been left without an NHS dentist.
That is why today a petition is being handed in at Downing Street signed by more than a quarter of a million people.
We have moved on from the election, but we do not yet have a timetable for when the negotiations for a new NHS dental contract will begin and when another 700,000 extra urgent appointments will be rolled out.
Can the Secretary of State confirm the timetable for those improvements?
What specifically are the Government’s plans for the new patient premium, and will he offer assurances to dentists that any changes to the current model will be outlined in detail to them as soon as possible?
We are looking at two things, the first of which is making sure we deliver what we said in our manifesto, including the 700,000 urgent appointments.
We are determined to deliver those as fast as we can and my hon.
Friend the Minister for Care is having discussions with the British Dental Association to that effect.
He is also looking closely, as am I, at the money that is already going into NHS dentistry—how that money could be better spent and how it is that year after year, despite people’s teeth rotting to the extent that they are having to pull them out themselves or children having to attend A&E to have their teeth pulled out, we saw consistent underspends in the dentistry budget under our predecessors.
We are determined to give dentists the tools to do the job so that patients can see a dentist when they need one.
What steps his Department is taking to support drug and alcohol addiction treatment services.
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question and for his campaigning on this important issue—and indeed for speaking so honestly about his own experiences during his time in this House.
An additional £267 million has been invested this year to improve the quality and capacity of drug and alcohol treatment and recovery.
We are committed to correcting the years of disinvestment in treatment and recovery services and ensuring that people can access the support they need.
The Minister has done it for me, but I alert colleagues to my interests in this area.
Last month, the Advertising Standards Authority ruled against seven companies posing as treatment providers or impartial advice services or for failing to make clear their role in earning commission when they were in fact brokers—and I can tell the Minister that many more such companies escaped that ruling.
They are able to mislead families while taking cuts of up to 40% of fees being paid directly to treatment providers.