This Government are determined to give NHS leaders the tools to do the job, so that we can get the right care in the right place at the right time, with a better experience for patients and better value for taxpayers.
I am sure my right hon.
Friend will share my delight at the fact that in our growing community of Thanet, the NHS is looking to open the Thanet integrated hub in one of the most deprived parts of Kent.
However, Tory-run Kent county council has put in spurious objections to the development.
Does he share my concern that such unnecessary objections block access to healthcare and make it harder for the Government and the NHS to cut waiting lists?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for the work she is doing to improve health and care services for her constituents.
The Government are giving health and care providers the tools to do the job.
Of course, change will take time, and it is therefore crucial that we all pull together locally and nationally.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Government are on the side of the builders, not the blockers.
The NHS Confederation has said that for the Government to be able to drive down waiting lists,
“the pause to the delivery of the new hospitals programme must be as short as possible and NHS leaders need clarity about timelines.”
With that in mind, will the Secretary of State tell leaders at Eastbourne district general hospital, as well as our community in Eastbourne, precisely when the new hospital programme review will be completed so that we can get cracking with our upgrades?
I thank the hon.
Member for that question.
I agree with him about the need for clarity as well as consistency.
We undertook the review into the new hospital programme because the previous Government’s timetable was a work of fiction and the money was not there.
I hope to report to him and to the House shortly on that, with the undertaking that the timetable we publish and the funding provided by the Chancellor in the Budget and at the spending review will mean that we will provide not just clarity but consistency, which is important for NHS leaders, important for patients and important for the construction industry partners we need to work with.
I call the shadow Minister.
Thank you, Mr Deputy Speaker. [
Interruption.]
I am sorry—that is the last time I will get called.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
Yesterday, in relation to the elective backlog, the Secretary of State said:
“Where we can treat working people faster, we will, and we make no apology for doing so.
”—[Official Report,  6 January 2025 ; Vol.
759, c. 597.]
Labour politicians have struggled to define what they mean by working people, but his words have caused anxiety.
Will he reassure those with disabilities that prevent them from working and retired elderly people who have worked all their lives that they will not be pushed to the back of the queue and that treatment will continue to be provided in the NHS on the basis of clinical need?
Of course, clinical need is paramount and must always drive decision making about who to treat when and the order in which people are treated.
That is why I find the question posed so deeply disingenuous. [
Interruption.]
We inherited NHS waiting lists at record levels and waiting times that are frankly shameful.
The shadow Minister should be apologising for her party’s record, and she should also apologise for the two-tier healthcare system that sees those who can afford it paying to go private and those who cannot afford it—working-class people—being left behind.
That is the two-tier system that the Government are determined to end.
Order.
Can we be a bit careful with the language we are using?