I appreciate that we as a Government have done a lot and are significantly different from the previous Government, but that is a very, very low bar.
It is important that this House has its view expressed through Ministers.
Have the Government finally accepted the ICJ’s advisory opinion, which is absolutely crucial to the delivery of a two-state solution and a peace process?
I am always happy to hear the House’s view on these issues, which I have heard and will continue to hear extensively, and I know the strength of feeling across the House.
On the ICJ advisory opinion, we are still considering what was a complex and far-reaching judgment with significant horizontal legal implications as well as in relation specifically to the conflict.
At the heart of that advisory opinion is a concern about the status of the Occupied Palestinian Territories.
I am pleased to confirm that we continue to consider Palestinian territory to be occupied, we continue to take a position consistent with international law, and we continue to condemn illegal settlements.
That is why we took tangible—not just rhetorical—steps against violent and illegal settlements in the west bank.
The Minister must be aware that there are hon.
Members on both sides of the House who were equally as frustrated with the form of the previous Administration as they are with this one.
He says that he has brought pressure to bear on the Israeli authorities.
When that pressure manifestly fails to deliver, is there a plan?
I pay tribute to the right hon.
Gentleman, who was also a Foreign Office Minister.
I once hosted him in Afghanistan, which I am sure he will not remember. [
Interruption.]
I am sure that he remembers Afghanistan and has vivid memories of Kabul at that time—I meant that he might not remember me.
We raise those issues with force.
There are consequences for sustained breaches of international humanitarian law, but it would be inappropriate for me to comment in too much detail on how we conduct diplomatic relations on those questions.
I thank you, Mr Speaker, for granting this urgent question, and I thank my hon.
Friend for all his hard work in these difficult situations.
Eight members of the Knesset have penned a letter to the Israeli Defence Minister demanding that Israel destroy all sources of water, food and energy for Palestinians in Gaza.
They argue that Israel should do to the rest of Gaza what it has been doing to the north.
Will the Government ban entry of those eight Knesset members, who are openly calling for the extermination of Palestinians in Gaza?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question and her kind words.
The House will be bored of hearing me say it, but we do not comment on sanctions measures in advance of taking them, as doing so would reduce their impact, but I welcome the opportunity to make a brief comment on the proceedings of the Knesset.
There is much said in other Parliaments with which we do not agree.
We are clear that obligations under international humanitarian law, and diplomatic obligations, fall on the Israeli Government.
We are clear with the Israeli Government on their obligations under international humanitarian law, and we are clear about our policy position.
I will refrain from providing detailed commentary on the proceedings of another Parliament.
It is quite clear that Israel’s ability to destroy life in Gaza—killing 45,000 people—and to destroy medical facilities is possible only because of the supply of weapons, principally from the United States.
I ask the Minister to be very clear.
Will Britain continue supplying weapons, including parts for jet planes, and allowing the use of RAF Akrotiri as a route for weapons to go to Israel to be used to destroy life in Gaza?
The right hon.
Gentleman asks about fighter jets.