Friend has been raising these issues with me since before he was elected to this place on behalf of the communities he represents.
As I said to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Barking (Nesil Caliskan) , we must make sure that additional housing—which is desperately needed—is accompanied by health and care  services.
The Deputy Prime Minister and I are working together to achieve just that, and thanks to the decisions taken by the Chancellor in the Budget, we are able to invest in the health and care services that this country needs and deserves.
Woodstock surgery in my constituency is not fit for purpose.
In September, heavy rain fell and caused the roof to collapse, causing the surgery to close.
The nurse literally sees patients in a broom cupboard.
The GPs want to increase their capacity to see more patients, but have been unable to access sufficient capital from the integrated care board.
Will the Secretary of State meet me and the Woodstock GPs to discuss how the reforms announced yesterday will help them build a new surgery, so that they can see patients faster?
I am grateful to the hon.
Member for that question.
I am incredibly sorry about the awful conditions in which staff in that practice are having to see patients and in which the patients it serves are having to be seen—that is the epitome of the broken general practice system that we inherited.
Thanks to the decisions taken by the Chancellor in the Budget, we are able to invest in the capital estate need in the NHS.
That will take time, and we would be delighted to hear more about that individual case to see how the ICB and the NHS can assist.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
Following the theme raised by my hon.
Friend and neighbour,  the hon.
Member for Bicester and Woodstock (Calum Miller) , may I make a plea for Summertown health centre?
They are my doctors, by the way, so I declare an interest.
They operate in an old Victorian building and are desperate to move to new premises.
That health centre was at the top of the priority list, but the ICB says that there is no money, and the doctors say that there is no pot that they can bid into in order to get this seen to.
Will the Secretary of State meet me as well?
Clearly, £102 million spread across 50 projects in the country is not going to be sufficient.
Can we get creative about how we can get new premises built for Summertown health centre?
Of course I will meet the hon.
Lady.
It would be daft of me to say no to the Chair of the Select Committee; otherwise, she will see me in less pleasant circumstances.
In all seriousness, we are looking creatively at this issue.
There are enormous capital pressures right across the NHS estate.
We are regularly lobbied on new hospitals, for example, but we are also lobbied on general practice, the mental health estate and the rest.
We will do as much as we can as fast as we can, thinking creatively about how we can get more capital investment in, and I would be happy to discuss that further with the hon.
Lady.
When I am out regularly knocking on doors and listening to people across the constituency, one of the issues residents raise with me most frequently is the challenge in even being able to book a GP’s appointment.
Could the Secretary of State please set out what his plans are for ending that 8 am phone scramble, including for those who do not use apps and websites as confidently?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for that question.