Will he join me in commending Prostate Cancer Research’s excellent new report and urge his team to consider the findings, not least on increasing screening of at-risk groups so that we can not just save the NHS money but, more importantly, save thousands of lives?
I welcome the former Prime Minister’s question, and he is right to commend the research.
We are actively looking at it.
Given that he is here and that we are currently taking through the Tobacco and Vapes Bill, I thank him for his leadership on that issue.
The last Government treated mental health as a Cinderella service, with my constituents waiting days in A&E to be admitted to hospital mental health wards.
The Solace Centre in Ealing Southall provides help and support in the community for those with mental health problems, at a fraction of the cost of a hospital stay.
How does the Minister intend to move more mental health services from hospital to the community, and to create more great services like the Solace Centre?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her excellent question.
She is right that it is vital to move services from hospital to community.
The Chancellor   made funding available for 380,000 more talking therapies for patients and put in place a £26 million capital investment scheme for mental health crisis centres.
A lot of work has been done, but there is a lot more still to do.
Will the Secretary of State confirm what is being done to ensure that patients with rare and complex conditions, such as functional neurologic disorder and achalasia, can access consistent and co-ordinated care, including referrals to the multidisciplinary teams they need for the different symptoms they experience?
The hon.
Member is right to raise cases where there are multiple comorbidities or complex conditions requiring a range of care services.
That is why we need to design services around the patient, not expect patients to contort themselves around the services.
Our approach to neighbourhood health services should make a real difference in that regard, but we have to go further and faster on health and care integration, and we absolutely will.
Order.
I call Kevin McKenna to ask the final question.
I strongly welcome yesterday’s announcement about using initiatives such as community diagnostic centres to move services closer to the public.
In the Isle of Sheppey, we are particularly exposed as a coastal community, but thankfully a new CDC will really help.
Unfortunately, my experience in the NHS over the past few years shows that while the previous Government talked the talk about shifting care to the community, they failed to deliver.
Will the Secretary of State set out what steps will be taken, so I can show my constituents that this shift will actually happen?
I am delighted to have my hon.
Friend and his experience in the House, standing up for his community and giving us his advice and wisdom as we develop our 10-year plan.
We are already walking the talk on the shift to community, not least through the big uplift in funding for general practice announced before Christmas.
Many people assume our elective reform plan is just about hospital waiting lists, but a big part of it is about delivering the left shift by asking and funding general practice to do more to manage patients in the community.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth, and Development Affairs if he will make a statement on the situation in northern Gaza.
The situation in northern Gaza is dire.
The UK condemns Israel’s restrictions on aid in the strongest terms.
The scale of human suffering is unimaginable.
We have been clear that this is a man-made crisis and Israel must act immediately to address it.
The need for humanitarian assistance to reach Gaza is greater than ever before.
Close to 46,000 people have now been killed.