Given that resources are already stretched to the limit in Bedford, does the Secretary of State agree that we must keep experienced staff who have helped to save countless lives in the region?
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight the particular problems in his constituency.
Decisions on the configuration of call centres are a matter for local trusts in consultation with staff and representatives, and I encourage him to continue to engage with the trust in the interests of his constituents.
Will the additional money announced for hospices before Christmas cover the full cost of the increase in employer’s national insurance contributions or not?
The Conservatives cannot, on the one hand, welcome the investment and, on the other hand, condemn the means of raising it.
Would they cut NHS and care services, or would they raise other taxes?
They have to answer.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for securing the land purchase for the new hospital in Lancaster.
Will he meet me to discuss how a new hospital will transform health outcomes for my constituents?
I would be delighted to meet my hon.
Friend.
She was literally the first person to lobby me immediately after the general election, about her hospital, having already lobbied me before.
I am delighted that, thanks to her efforts, we have been able to deliver for her community; indeed, thanks to your efforts, Mr Speaker, we have done so for yours too.
I would be delighted to meet her.
Becky’s son Will was a normal, happy teenager until he suffered multiple covid infections.
His mother tried to find out what was wrong with him, but she found that there were no paediatric long covid care services in Kent.
Will the Minister update the House on whether Kent, with a population of 2 million, will ever get a paediatric long covid service?
I am very sorry to hear about the hon.
Gentleman’s constituent.
I know at first hand how complex and debilitating long covid can be.
As I mentioned in an earlier answer, there is a stocktake taking place, which should show where there are deficiencies, but let me be clear: I want to ensure that there are good services for people suffering with long covid in every part of England.
The Isle of Wight does not just have a problem with its ferries, as the House would expect; we also have a huge problem with dentistry.
We are a true dental desert.
However, the size of our community means that we are an ideal place to try new approaches to dentistry, especially for children.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss those approaches and improve dentistry on the island?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to describe the Isle of Wight as a dental desert.
That is perhaps one of the reasons why the good people of that island elected a Labour Member for the first time in history.
Our ambition is to make sure that everyone who needs a dentist can get one.
Sadly, 28% of adults in England—13 million people—have an unmet need for NHS dentistry.
I would be glad to meet my hon.
Friend to learn more about how the experience of the Isle of Wight can improve services nationally.
Prostate cancer is the most common cancer in men, yet it has no national screening programme.
We worked on this issue in government, and I thank the Secretary of State for taking an interest in this area.
Will he join me in commending Prostate Cancer Research’s excellent new report and urge his team to consider the findings, not least on increasing screening of at-risk groups so that we can not just save the NHS money but, more importantly, save thousands of lives?
I welcome the former Prime Minister’s question, and he is right to commend the research.
We are actively looking at it.