There must be no annexation of Gaza.
Do the Government acknowledge that what is happening in northern Gaza is a campaign of ethnic cleansing?
If the Minister does not, what would he call it?
We have been incredibly clear about the position in northern Gaza and about our deep concerns in relation to healthcare provision, aid going into the area, the targeting of healthcare professionals, the detentions, the importance of transparency where people have been taken, ensuring that they have adequate rights to see their lawyers, and that the ICRC can see people.
The situation in northern Gaza is close to our minds.
We have commented extensively throughout the winter period, and we will continue to do so.
Having listened to evidence on Gaza as a member of the International Development Committee, it is clear to me that there have been egregious breaches of international law.
While I do not doubt the integrity and sincerity of  my hon.
Friend, it is clear that the actions taken so far by the Government have either not shifted the dial an inch or make me question how much worse it would be.
Besides rhetorically supporting an international court, what will the Government do to help gather evidence to protect witnesses and ensure that there is justice and accountability?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his question, although I take issue with it.
This Government have done more than rhetoric, whether it is the £13 million of funding we announced in December; the £112 million of funding for the Occupied Palestinian Territories; the quite different position we have taken on questions of international justice, compared with our predecessors; or the extensive funding we provide to the ICC each year to ensure that it can do its work.
I want to be clear that we do not specify that the funding is in relation to Gaza; we give it so that the ICC can pursue its work without fear or favour globally, and we will continue to do so.
The aggressors in this situation are the terrorists in Hamas.
The ones who took and continue to hold hostages are the terrorists in Hamas.
Does the Minister therefore agree that the only concrete way to end this horror is for those terrorists in Hamas to release the remaining hostages, and that talk of an unconditional ceasefire gives those terrorists no incentive to free those innocent people?
Hamas are terrorists and they should release the hostages immediately.
There are an estimated 50,000 pregnant women in Gaza, with more than 180 births taking place every day.
None of us can imagine the hell of Gaza, let alone being pregnant in it.
Ultimately, we need a ceasefire, but the health system is on its knees.
Will the Minister expand on whether he has specifically raised the issue of women and girls and how our aid is being targeted to support access to sexual and reproductive health services?
We have raised those issues specifically, but I want to be straightforward with the House: we are clear that insufficient aid of all kinds is getting into Gaza.
On almost any question that the House might put to me, there is insufficient aid, insufficient equipment and insufficient provisions for people to be existing in Gaza under those conditions, and we will continue to raise that with force with the Israelis for as long as that situation remains.
Exactly a year ago, Lord Cameron, when talking about the situation in northern Gaza, told the Foreign Affairs Committee that
“the conflict is now effectively over there”.
Unfortunately, no one seems to have told Tel Aviv, because babies are still freezing to death and the last hospital has been destroyed.
In that year, while the faces on the Government Benches might have changed, the UK’s complicity in the mass killing of Palestinians remains as it has been.