That is the two-tier system that the Government are determined to end.
Order.
Can we be a bit careful with the language we are using?
The Secretary of State needs to be careful with the words he uses, as you said, Mr Speaker, because his words did cause anxiety among people.
It was not a disingenuous question; it was a genuine question to make sure that people are reassured.
It will not have escaped the Secretary of State’s notice that it is cold outside.
Removal of the winter fuel allowance has reduced elderly people’s ability to follow the advice that he gave last week, which was to turn the heating on.
What assessment has he made of the number of additional admissions caused by his removal of the winter fuel allowance?
What effect is that having on the Government’s ability to deliver their reduction in elective backlogs?
What the shadow Minister neglects to mention is that the Chancellor has protected the winter fuel allowance for the poorest pensioners, and she has also put in place the warm home discount to assist people with their energy bills throughout the winter.
If the shadow Minister does not support the decisions that the Chancellor took at the Budget and ahead of the Budget to raise vital investment for our health and care services, that is fair enough, but then she needs to tell people which NHS services she would cut or which other taxes she would increase.
Whether he has made an assessment of the effectiveness of improvements made to the Care Quality Commission.
In response to the report by Dr Penny Dash, we have made it clear that the CQC is not fit for purpose and requires significant reform.
We have increased our oversight of the CQC to ensure implementation of the recommendations in Dr Dash’s review, and we will continue to monitor the CQC’s progress through this period of improvement.
We are also supporting the swift and efficient recruitment of CQC leadership roles, including the new chief executive Julian Hartley, who started in December.
It is inarguable that the CQC needs improvement.
Many who run care services in local authorities have little confidence in its performance.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that we could go some way to improving how it is viewed by looking at the use of single-word assessments, which create undue stress for social services leads?
They were raised by the Dash review as insufficient to support local authorities to improve, promoting box-ticking over real improvement and giving little information to members of the public on the quality of social services provision.
My hon.
Friend is right that confidence is the key word in the huge agenda that the CQC has to deliver.
Dr Dash and Professor Mike Richards highlighted serious failings that need to be re-addressed.
As one of our predecessors said, priorities are our language.
Currently, a review of one or two-word ratings is not a priority, but it will be kept under review.
Is the Minister indicating today that there will be a new start in the Care Quality Commission, and that things will change for both staff and the recipients of care?
The hon.
Gentleman makes an excellent point, particularly with regard to staff, who need support  to continue their important work.
A new start with new leadership is what they need, as well as implementation of the recommendations.
What steps his Department is taking to improve access to mental health services.
What steps his Department is taking to improve access to mental health services.
As Lord Darzi’s independent investigation found, around 1 million people are waiting to access mental health services in England.
This Government will fix our broken mental health services by recruiting 8,500 more mental health workers, providing access to specialist mental health professionals in every school and rolling out young futures hubs in every community.