What steps his Department is taking to improve access to mental health services.
As Lord Darzi’s independent investigation found, around 1 million people are waiting to access mental health services in England.
This Government will fix our broken mental health services by recruiting 8,500 more mental health workers, providing access to specialist mental health professionals in every school and rolling out young futures hubs in every community.
In my constituency of Harrogate and Knaresborough we have heard harrowing stories from people who have tried to reach out and get access to mental health services before they reach crisis point.
Often, people end up facing months-long if not years-long waiting lists.
When all too often they reach a crisis point, they end up having to access services as far away as Newcastle or Manchester.
What are the Government doing to make sure that we can root local community mental health facilities in communities such as Harrogate and Knaresborough?
In addition to the measures that I just set out, in the Budget the Chancellor made funding available to expand talking therapies to 380,000 extra patients.
We have a £26 million capital investment scheme for mental health crisis centres and, as always with this Government, investment goes with reform.
We are finally reforming the Mental Health Act—that was first talked about when Theresa May was in 10 Downing Street.
This Government are rolling up their sleeves and getting on with the job.
Taunton and Wellington is a trailblazer in taking mental health from hospital to community and from sickness to prevention.
The trust is the first in the country to merge mental health with the hospital trust.
Will the Minister meet the trust and me to understand how successful that programme is, and to discuss the much needed maternity and paediatric unit at Musgrove Park hospital?
It sounds like there is some interesting, dynamic and innovative work going on in the areas that the hon.
Gentleman mentioned.
I would be happy to meet him to discuss it further.
I have just been visited by my former medical student, a young doctor in Yorkshire working in an intensive therapy unit, who told me that 40 of the 50 patients who were admitted with covid died.
Many healthcare workers are suffering from flashbacks and post-traumatic stress disorder.
What measures will the  Government take to look after the mental health of the healthcare workers who so bravely helped us during the covid pandemic?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point, which provides an opportunity for us all to reflect on the incredible work of those working in our health service; they are, in many ways, heroes, and we should absolutely acknowledge that fact.
We need to explore the point he has raised—we could meet to discuss it further, or I would be happy to write to him.
In England, more than 200,000 people were waiting for an autism assessment in September 2024.
In my constituency, some adults have waited more than two years for an autism assessment, and one child has been waiting eight years—and is still waiting—to receive support from child and adolescent mental health services.
These delays have a profound impact on people’s lives.
Will the Minister commit to the mental health investment standard and ensure that as the Government reduce waiting times, they do so for both physical and mental health services for young people and adults?
We remain absolutely committed to the mental health investment standard.
We have prioritised the expansion of NHS talking therapies and individual placement and support schemes, and provided £26 million of capital funding to open new mental health centres.
However, we are not complacent on this issue.
My hon.
Friend spoke about autism assessments, which is a red light that is flashing on my dashboard.
I would be happy to discuss that further with her.
Whether his Department plans to improve integration of counsellors and psychotherapists into the mental health workforce.