The hon.
Gentleman raises an important point.
This Government are committed to having the healthiest generation of children ever.
That means we will have a concerted effort on a whole range of health issues that determine the health and wellbeing of young people, which will hopefully ensure that they become healthy adults as a consequence.
Alcohol harms are certainly one of the considerations we will be looking at.
What steps his Department is taking to help reduce NHS waiting times.
This Government are delivering on our commitment to cut NHS waiting lists and end the Tory backlog.
We have taken immediate action with an additional £1.8 billion to support elective activity this year.
That funding will support the delivery of our first step of 40,000 extra elective appointments a week.
With investment must come reform, and the elective reform plan, published yesterday and announced by the Prime Minister, sets out how we will cut NHS waits to the 18-week standard, increase productivity, reform the system and improve patients’ choice and control over their healthcare.
Almost one in six Scots is stuck on an NHS waiting list.
People are borrowing money and remortgaging their homes to go private, because they cannot bear the pain.
With an SNP Government who have abandoned the principles of an NHS free at the point of entry, does my right hon.
Friend agree that Scotland’s health service needs a new direction?
I strongly agree with my hon.
Friend.
As I said during the general election campaign—it was quoted regularly by the SNP—all roads lead to Westminster.
Down that road from Westminster is a record increase in funding for the Scottish Government through the  Barnett formula.
I know the Scottish Government published their own NHS recovery plan just before Christmas, and I look forward to reading it, although I know some have expressed concerns about the lack of detail in the plans to drive down waiting times.
The Scottish people can therefore compare and contrast with the ambition of our elective reform plan, which was announced by the Prime Minister yesterday, and then decide at the next Scottish elections who they trust to govern: the SNP with its rotten record, or a Labour Government who will get on and deliver.
The Secretary of State knows that I wrote to him before Christmas about the planned ward closures and degradation of services at Goole and district general hospital.
Doing so will take beds, facilities and employees away from the national health service, which will do nothing but undermine his real attempts to reduce waiting lists and all the plans he announced yesterday.
Will he look at the trust-level decision systems that lead to such catastrophic decisions that will undermine every aspect of NHS strategy and all that he is trying to do?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for writing to me before Christmas.
I recognise the pressures that have been placed on NHS commissioners in recent years and the pressure that that has put on service configurations.
I tend to support the devolution of decision making, with decisions about service reconfigurations taken closer to the communities they serve.
I recognise also that commissioners do not always get it right, which is why engagement with Members of Parliament and other democratically elected representatives is important.
Ministerial oversight is important, too.
We will look seriously at the issues he raises and talk to NHS leaders, and I know he will be doing the same.
This Government are determined to give NHS leaders the tools to do the job, so that we can get the right care in the right place at the right time, with a better experience for patients and better value for taxpayers.
I am sure my right hon.
Friend will share my delight at the fact that in our growing community of Thanet, the NHS is looking to open the Thanet integrated hub in one of the most deprived parts of Kent.