Given that there are huge numbers of vacancies across adult social care in North Shropshire, will the Secretary of State consider exempting social care providers from the national insurance increase?
Otherwise we are putting money into social care with one hand and taking it away with the other.
I refer the hon.
Lady to my previous answer on the very substantial funding that we are providing to local authorities, which of course are key to the adult social care system.
However, funding must always be married with reform.
We have brought forward a packed programme of reform—from data sharing and empowering care workers to take on basic healthcare to promoting better use of care technologies—and in the spirit of cross-party collaboration that we believe is absolutely vital and urgent in this area, I gently encourage her to see those reforms as the first step towards rebuilding our care service and making it fit for the future.
What assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of patient access to primary care services.
What assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of patient access to primary care services.
What recent steps he has taken to increase access to GP appointments.
Today there are 1,399 fewer full-time equivalent GPs than in 2015, and NHS dentistry is at death’s door.
This Government will fix the front door to the NHS.
We have announced an additional £889 million in funding for general practice in 2025-26—the biggest boost in years—and we have already started hiring an extra 1,000 GPs on the frontline.
Our 10-year health plan will shift the focus of healthcare out of hospital and into the community.
I thank the Secretary of State for his answer on the critical issue of access to GPs in primary healthcare.
My constituency of Barking is woefully under-served by primary healthcare, and especially by GPs.
On average, each GP looks after 2,000 patients; the national average is 1,600.
In particular, the area of Barking Riverside has no GP services.
Will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss this matter, so that the thousands of homes that are being built will also have a primary healthcare facility on site?
Order.
I remind Members to look towards the Chair, because I cannot hear what is being said.
I call the Secretary of State—I hope he heard the question.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
I would be delighted for my hon.
Friend to meet me or the relevant Minister.
The NHS has a statutory duty to ensure sufficient services in each local area, including general practice, and it is vital that we also take into account population growth and demographic changes.
I strongly support the Deputy Prime Minister’s commitment to delivering 1.5 million new homes, and she and I know that that must be accompanied by local healthcare facilities.
We are working together to achieve just that.
I really welcome this Government’s focus on making sure everyone can see a GP when they need one.
The crisis in GP provision nationally has been exacerbated by the failure under the last Government to ensure that primary care investment has kept pace with housing growth.
With such a low share of integrated care board capital funding allocated to primary care by the last Government, how can we make sure we do much better in ensuring that GP capacity expands at the same time as local growth?
My hon.
Friend has been raising these issues with me since before he was elected to this place on behalf of the communities he represents.
As I said to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Barking (Nesil Caliskan) , we must make sure that additional housing—which is desperately needed—is accompanied by health and care  services.