Exactly a year ago, Lord Cameron, when talking about the situation in northern Gaza, told the Foreign Affairs Committee that
“the conflict is now effectively over there”.
Unfortunately, no one seems to have told Tel Aviv, because babies are still freezing to death and the last hospital has been destroyed.
In that year, while the faces on the Government Benches might have changed, the UK’s complicity in the mass killing of Palestinians remains as it has been.
Given that nothing has changed, does the Minister genuinely believe that in another year from now he will be able to say that continuing to arm the IDF was moral and legal?
If words are to have meaning, clearly our policy is different from that of those on the Opposition Benches, as I think they would accept.
I do not want to see this conflict continuing for another year.
The Palestinians cannot wait.
We are doing everything we can.
We have been calling for an immediate ceasefire since we came into government.
We will continue to take steps to try to advance that call.
I was left numb by the words a doctor wrote on a whiteboard in the Al-Awda hospital in Gaza before he was killed by an Israeli air strike, which said:
“Whoever stays until the end will tell the story.
We did what we could.
Please remember us.”
We need to know that we did all we could.
I know the Minister and his Department are pulling every lever available, but please can we have an extra push to get the ceasefire deal over the line?
We need to put an end to this horror.
I remember those words from the whiteboard, and we must and will spare no effort and will strain every sinew to try to do what we can to advance the ceasefire as quickly as possible.
It is already far too late.
I am pleased that the Prime Minister recently met UNRWA’s Commissioner-General Lazzarini and pledged further funding, but in three weeks legislation to ban UNRWA will come into force.
Lazzarini has said that
“dismantling UNRWA will collapse the United Nations’ humanitarian response”
in Gaza and that the
“entire population…fears that their only remaining lifeline will be cut.”
He also commented that:
“Since the beginning of the war in Gaza, Israeli officials have described dismantling UNRWA as a war goal.”
Will the Minister set out what consequential steps the UK will take if that comes into effect?
The Prime Minister was the first Prime Minister to meet the Commissioner-General of UNRWA.
He did so in a week when we had announced further funding for UNRWA.
We have raised those vital questions with the Israeli Government.
We did so over the course of the break.
I myself have met Commissioner-General Lazzarini, and I will be saying more about UNRWA in the coming weeks if we are not in a position to see that the Israelis have taken the action necessary to ensure the sustained and continued support that Palestinians require and which only UNRWA can provide.
Not one single hospital now operates in northern Gaza.
Healthcare staff continue to be targeted, resulting in the death of even more innocent civilians.
We have heard the Minister, but surely what we are doing is not enough.
What can we do to stop the systemic dismantling of the hospitals in Gaza?
My hon.
Friend is right that what we have done is not enough, and we know it is not enough because the provision is so poor in northern Gaza.
We are distressed by the scenes in northern Gaza and by the  circumstances that hon.
Members have described.
We will continue to work as hard as we can, both in relation to UNRWA and directly with the Israeli Government, to try to ensure that the aid provision, including medical provision, is provided with urgency.
The current situation is not good enough.