I call the shadow Secretary of State.
The Prime Minister’s announcement yesterday of his elective recovery plan mirrored that of Sir Saijd Javid in 2022, but one aspect was different.
Our plan explicitly recognised the importance of the workforce being in place to deliver the 9 million extra tests and interpret the results, and it set out proposals to increase that workforce further.
What plans has the Secretary of State to boost the workforce in community diagnostic centres specifically, over and above the plans that he inherited from us, to ensure that his elective recovery plan is deliverable?
The shadow Secretary of State is right to say that we need staff in place to do the job.
The additional funding announced by the Chancellor in the Budget is central to the delivery of this plan—I note that he opposes that funding, which is deeply regrettable—but we need to improve productivity as well.
That is why the plan sets out steps to free up patient appointments that are unnecessary or of low clinical value, but, crucially, staff time in productivity gains is also important, so as well as making the most of the additional investment, we are making the most of delivering value for taxpayers’ money—
Order.
Please help me a little bit.
You have had a good run today—don’t spoil it.
On hospices, while the Secretary of State’s pre-Christmas hospice funding announcement was, of course, welcome, the vast bulk of it was in fact non-recurring capital funding, which cannot be used to help them cover the hiked employer national insurance tax on hospices’ most precious asset: their staff.
What steps is he taking to ensure that they receive recurring revenue funding, to enable them to cover the additional costs?
The £100 million capital investment we set out before Christmas is the biggest boost to hospice funding in a generation, and it comes on top of the £26 million that we announced for the children and young people’s hospice grant.
The right hon.
Gentleman cannot welcome the investment and keep opposing the means of raising it.
Would he cut services or raise other taxes?
He has got to answer.
Pharmacy First is an incredibly popular service that has allowed many residents in Chatham and Aylesford to be referred for illnesses or urgent repeat medicine supplies.
Can the Minister indicate whether there warrants a further review and expansion of this offering, to include further access to medicines, including those to treat common dental conditions with bacterial infections, so that patients with these very painful emergency needs can seek immediate over-the-counter appointments?
Can Members please remember that these are topical questions?
We are making a priority of resuming consultations with the sector to stabilise community pharmacy.
Pharmacy First has built on existing services to increase the clinical scope.
The conditions treated under Pharmacy First vary across the UK, and the NHS will keep this under review.
When we think of social care, we often think of those who are older, but at a recent advice surgery I met the mother of a 20-year-old with complex needs that local services are unable to meet, so the only option that would allow him to engage with his peers is residential care further afield, taking him away from his family.
Will the Minister meet with me, my constituent and his mother to discuss how we ensure that those with complex needs are properly supported?
I am sure the hon.
Lady will welcome the fact that we have found an £86 million uplift for the disabled facilities grant, but on the specific question she raises, I would be happy to meet her and discuss that further.
Groups such as Action for ME and Long Covid Support tirelessly advocate for improved care for over 2 million people living in the UK.
How will the Minister ensure that NHS reforms deliver timely diagnosis, effective treatment and long-term support for those affected?
My hon.
Friend raises a really important point.