It is clear that Israel is not abiding by that resolution, so with the words having been uttered and ignored, what will the Government now do to ensure that Israel is held to account for its actions?
We could not be clearer, either publicly or privately, about what expectations fall on Israel in relation to health provision.
I have raised these issues, the Foreign Secretary has raised these issues, and my ministerial colleagues have raised these issues.
It is a source of enormous frustration to the ministerial team that, this far into the conflict, we are still having to raise these issues, and we will continue to do so until there is some resolution.
And that resolution must enable greater healthcare for the Palestinians of Gaza and the wider region.
Mr Speaker, you and I have been through this rigmarole many times over the past 14 months.
I was going to ask today about the fate of Dr Abu Safiya, but I think we all know what will happen to him.
I was going to ask about the babies who are freezing to death while blankets are being denied entry into Gaza, but I do not think we will be able to do much about that.
The same applies to the denial of access for cancer medication, anaesthetic, or crutches or, indeed, the bombing of every single hospital.
The Minister said that he and his team are frustrated, but given the partial application of international law and the Government’s unwillingness to take any significant steps to either compel the imposition of a ceasefire or compliance with international law, rather than being frustrated, is he not ashamed that millions of people in this country and around the world believe that there is an inherent racism at the heart of British foreign policy in this regard that says that Palestinian lives matter much less than any other lives, or indeed than Israeli lives?
And if he and the Minister for Development, who has answered these statements before, are ashamed, why are they hanging on to their red folders?
Why are they not standing down and compelling the Government actually to do something active and physical to save these lives?
There are places where I will take lessons about shame, but it is not from the Conservative Benches, and particularly not on this issue.
If they want to give me a hard time about what is being done in relation to the people in Gaza, they should turn to their own record, whether that is on aid into Gaza, the ICC or the ICJ.
These are sober issues and we deal with them with the sobriety they require, and I would appreciate, particularly from the Conservative Benches, questions of that tone.
In November, the Israel Defence Forces made an official statement that they are getting closer to the complete evacuation of northern Gaza and that Palestinians will not be permitted to return home.
In December, Doctors Without Borders reported on the clear signs of ethnic cleansing in the north of Gaza.
Only last week, the residents of Beit Hanan were ordered to leave the area.
Ethnic cleansing is taking place before our very eyes, and the world remains silent.
Will the Minister confirm that Israel must allow Palestinians to return to northern Gaza and that any settlements there would be illegal?
I can confirm that it is the view of the Government that Palestinians must be able to travel freely between north and south Gaza, that there can be no further illegal settlements, and that we will continue to condemn that in the way we do in the west bank.
There must be no annexation of Gaza.
Do the Government acknowledge that what is happening in northern Gaza is a campaign of ethnic cleansing?
If the Minister does not, what would he call it?