Clearly, the situation in northern Gaza is utterly dire.
We need to see action from the Government in the face of a dreadful and worsening situation.
At the end of December, Israeli forces closed Kamal Adwan, the last functional hospital in northern Gaza, forcibly removed patients and detained its director Dr Abu Safiya.
The Minister said that he has raised this matter with the Israeli Deputy Foreign Minister and the ambassador, but what consequences did he spell out to them if Israel fails to meet its obligations to protect civilians and sustain access to healthcare in northern Gaza?
The Minister also referred to Israeli airstrikes in the allegedly safe zone.
I have on previous occasions asked the Foreign Secretary to look again at a full ban on arms sales.
Will the Minister now do so?
We will only see an end to violence with a ceasefire, so can the Minister update the House on progress towards the release of the Israeli hostages held by Hamas and a lasting ceasefire?
Finally, in the light of deep concerns about the direction that this conflict might take under the second Trump presidency and following remarks made by Israeli Government Ministers about annexation and actions on the ground in the west bank to extend illegal settlements, does the Minister agree that now is the moment to recognise Palestine on the 1967 borders?
Let me take the hon.
Member’s questions in turn.
On arms sales, we have been clear, and I am pleased to reiterate that clarity today, that we have taken steps in relation to the weapons at issue in Gaza.
We keep that under regular review, but we have taken clear, principled steps.
If the question relates to the F-35 programme, I am happy to reiterate that we carved out that provision because there was no other way to meet our obligations in relation to international peace and security, and that remains the position.
On the matter of a ceasefire, efforts are ongoing.
We hope to see an early resolution, but I am afraid that we have been here many times before.
These are incredibly fraught talks.
Flexibility needs to be shown on all sides.
The violence has gone on for far too long.
We want an immediate ceasefire, which we have called for since we came into Government.
I have raised the situation in Kamal Adwan and the wider matter about the provision of healthcare in northern Gaza.
I have been clear with the Israeli Government about their obligations under international humanitarian law to ensure that proper medical assistance is available to Gazan people.
They are entitled to that and those obligations are clear in international law.
I have made that clear to the Israelis, as well as what the consequences will be internationally if those obligations are not met.
The hon.
Member also raised a question about illegal settlements.
I am pleased to repeat our position: we do not support the annexation of Gaza; we support the 1967 boundaries; and we deplore illegal settlements, which is why we took sanctions against them late last year.
I thank  the hon.
Member for Oxford West and Abingdon (Layla Moran)  for securing this urgent question; it is indeed urgent.
At the UN, the UK called for Israel to abide by UNSC resolution 2286 on the protection of civilians and healthcare.
It is clear that Israel is not abiding by that resolution, so with the words having been uttered and ignored, what will the Government now do to ensure that Israel is held to account for its actions?
We could not be clearer, either publicly or privately, about what expectations fall on Israel in relation to health provision.
I have raised these issues, the Foreign Secretary has raised these issues, and my ministerial colleagues have raised these issues.