US Secretary of State Antony Blinken was right to say at the weekend that we have not seen a great deal of condemnation.
May I conclude by asking the Minister what points of influence we have with Israel in particular and what his Government are doing to address this conflict?
The shadow Foreign Secretary rightly raises the important role of the special representative for humanitarian affairs.
He remains in post and continues to have dialogue with the Israelis and others about what can be done to ensure that adequate aid gets into Gaza.
There has been a great deal of discussion about different routes.
I have been to North Sinai to see the routes in through al-Arish, and my right hon.
Friend the Minister for Development has been in Jordan to see the routes there.
The most fundamental of all of these questions is who controls the crossings.
In most cases, that is the Israeli Government and the steps that need to be taken sit most acutely with them.
There are, of course, other questions that are important and relevant, not least those to do with law and order in the Gaza strip, where there are serious and concerning reports of looting.
None the less, getting the aid in is vital, and that is through the crossings.
We have been raising these points forcefully with the Israeli Government, and it has been disappointing to see with my own eyes British aid piling up in al-Arish, despite the good efforts of the special envoy and others to encourage the Israelis to make progress in delivering the flood of aid into Gaza that they promised.
rose—
Sorry, I was just taking a breath.
On the vital question about hostages, we are continuing to use all of our influence to try to ensure an early resolution to the crisis, which has been going on for far, far too  long.
We must work each and every day to try to advance that situation.
Clearly, given the degree of tactical leaking to the press about the latest talks, I do not want to comment on press reports.
I call the Chair of International Development Committee.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, for granting this question.
I also thank  the hon.
Member for Oxford West and Abingdon (Layla Moran)  for all the work that she has done trying to highlight the horrors that are going on in the region.
What assessment have the Government made of Israel’s action in the Netzarim corridor, which Israel has cleared of Palestinian civilians in order to construct military roads and positions.
One senior Israeli official told Haaretz that the area had been designated as a “kill zone”, with anyone who enters being shot.
The same officer told Haaretz that civilians were knowingly killed and later designated as terrorists.
With competitions between military units regarding who can cause the most casualties, what assessment has the Minister made of these alleged war crimes, and can he tell me what we are doing to document and to stop them?
Mr Speaker, as you would expect, my Department takes careful stock of all reports, including those that my hon.
Friend mentions, and we include them as part of our regular assessments.
We have concluded one of those assessments recently, and I have already updated the House on that.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Oxford West and Abingdon (Layla Moran)  for her powerful and sustained advocacy for Palestinians.
Clearly, the situation in northern Gaza is utterly dire.
We need to see action from the Government in the face of a dreadful and worsening situation.
At the end of December, Israeli forces closed Kamal Adwan, the last functional hospital in northern Gaza, forcibly removed patients and detained its director Dr Abu Safiya.