Where is the justice?
What does the Minister have to say to Mohamed, who spends his days saving lives here in the UK while his family are slaughtered overnight?
And it is not just Mohamed.
People in Gaza are trapped in a doom loop of hell—hospitals decimated, and ceasefires promised and never delivered.
So I press the Government again: is this really everything the UK has got?
Have we deployed everything to make this stop?
When will we recognise Palestine?
Why have we not stopped the arms trade to Israel?
And when will the Government ban trading with illegal settlements?
The frustration is palpable.
Our grief is fathomless.
People across the UK are looking on in horror, and the horror in Gaza must stop now.
The hon.
Member speaks passionately about a situation that so few in this House could even imagine.
My thoughts are with Mohamed’s family and the many, many other women, children and civilians who are caught up in this war.
I have seen for myself the injured children across the border in Sinai.
They are the lucky ones who have been able to leave the strip to access medical assistance.
The whole Foreign Office ministerial team has these people in our minds each and every day.
I have been engaged through the break, as many others have, recognising that for most people in Palestine there is no break from a truly dreadful situation.
The hon.
Member asks what I have to say to Mohamed, and I am incredibly sorry for the loss that people are suffering in Palestine.
I am incredibly sorry that we continue to assess that there is a serious risk of breaches of international humanitarian law in Gaza.
We are doing everything we can to try to prevent and reduce them in relation to the arms that she mentioned.
We have taken decisive action to reduce the sale of weapons being used in the conduct of the hostilities in Gaza, the west bank and Lebanon, and will continue to keep the matters under review.
I can only join with the hon.
Member for Oxford West and Abingdon in reaching out to those in Palestine in this situation.
We have done much; we recognise there is much more to do.
My heart goes out to those people.
I call the Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee.
May I begin by paying tribute to the bravery of  the hon.
Member for Oxford West and Abingdon (Layla Moran)  in continuing to fight for the population in Gaza, even as her own family and friends are suffering?
My Committee is currently undertaking an inquiry into the Israel-Palestine conflict, and we have heard again and again from witnesses, including both Israeli and Palestinian voices, that the UK could, in fact, be doing more to bring the conflict to an end.
We have also heard from witnesses, including the former Member for North East Bedfordshire, who is also the very respected former Minister for the middle east, that where UK action has come, it has been too little and too late.
While I know that the Minister is unable to comment on any ongoing negotiations, I would like to know this: what role is the UK playing in convening post-conflict discussions and what does he see as a viable, long-term resolution for Gaza?
This Government have taken a very different approach from the one that came before us.
We have taken immediate, rapid action, calling for a ceasefire, making decisions on arms, which have already been mentioned, increasing the amount of aid available to the Occupied Palestinian Territories, being absolutely steadfast in our support to UNWRA and restoring funding that had been cut.
Let us not think that there is no difference between the policy position taken by the Ministers here on the Front Bench and those that came before us.
My predecessor, mentioned by my right hon.