Friend spoke about autism assessments, which is a red light that is flashing on my dashboard.
I would be happy to discuss that further with her.
Whether his Department plans to improve integration of counsellors and psychotherapists into the mental health workforce.
Counsellors and psychotherapists form an integral part of the NHS mental health workforce, delivering support to people with mental ill health across a range of settings in services for both children and young people and adults.
We will publish a refreshed NHS long-term workforce plan to ensure that the NHS has the right people in the right places with the right skills to deliver the care that patients need.
Is there a plan to maintain service provision where psychotherapists and counsellors operating in the charity sector have been hit by eye-watering cost increases as a consequence of the national insurance increase?
As I have said in answers to previous questions, and as my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State has said, there is something of a pattern emerging here: Opposition Members say that they welcome the investment the Government have made, but oppose the revenue-raising measures and refuse to set out whether they would increase taxes or cut services.
I still have not heard an answer on that from those Members.
What discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on staff salaries in the care sector.
This Government recognise the crisis in social care that we inherited, which is why over the past six months we have taken steps through the Budget to increase investment in social care, deliver the biggest expansion of the carer’s allowance since the 1970s and invest in the disabled facilities grant.
Of course, as my hon.
Friend alludes to, we cannot deliver great social care without the workers who deliver it.
That is why I am proud that within our first 100 days, the care worker-turned-Deputy Prime Minister included fair pay agreements in her landmark Employment Rights Bill, so we can give our care staff not just the pay they deserve, but the professional status, recognising the hard work they do as care professionals.
That is a crucial step on our path to building a national care service.
Does the Secretary of State agree that the SNP’s National Care Service (Scotland) Bill was a missed opportunity to improve pay and conditions for social care workers, particularly when compared with Labour’s Employment Rights Bill, which creates the fair pay agreement for social care workers?
I agree with my hon.
Friend.
I am proud that this Government have taken quick action within our first 100 days.
Thanks to the Employment Rights Bill, which is UK-wide legislation, this Labour Government in Westminster are giving the Scottish Government the tools they need to do the job of establishing fair pay for care staff.
If they do not do it, Anas Sarwar and Jackie Baillie will.
In north-east Lincolnshire, a social enterprise employs 800 staff providing health and social care.
I have been approached by many staff who are unhappy that they have not benefited from the increases that NHS staff have gained.
They have the support of the Royal College of Nursing and are looking for the Government to provide Care Plus Group, which employs them, with the resources to ensure that they are recompensed to the same level.
What is the Secretary of State able to pass on to them?
I am grateful to the hon.
Member for that question.
With our fair pay agreements, we will be bringing together government, public and private sector employers and staff trade unions to negotiate the future for fair pay agreements that will benefit care workers across the system and give them the professional status and career progression they deserve.
The Chancellor, through the Budget, also took steps to ensure that we could invest in our social care services.
I am deeply saddened that the Conservative party has not supported that investment.
I call Dame Emily Thornberry—congratulations!