We have taken immediate, rapid action, calling for a ceasefire, making decisions on arms, which have already been mentioned, increasing the amount of aid available to the Occupied Palestinian Territories, being absolutely steadfast in our support to UNWRA and restoring funding that had been cut.
Let us not think that there is no difference between the policy position taken by the Ministers here on the Front Bench and those that came before us.
My predecessor, mentioned by my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Islington South and Finsbury (Emily Thornberry) , is a good and wise man who has done much in the service of his country.
Yet let us not have any illusion; there is a difference between what a Labour Government have done in relation to the middle east and what our predecessors did.
I reassure my right hon.
Friend that we are very engaged in the questions about what must happen next in Gaza.
Clearly, Gaza needs a solution that works for its people, where Gaza is governed by the Palestinians under their own legitimate authority, in safety and security.
There are a wide range of international views about how we might get to that objective, and we are playing our full part diplomatically to try and ensure that there is consensus.
I call the shadow Foreign Secretary.
I thank  the hon.
Member for Oxford West and Abingdon (Layla Moran)  for securing this urgent question.
Innocent civilians in Gaza are suffering and the situation is desperate; everyone in the House recognises that and we all want aid and support to reach them.
Does the Minister also recognise that innocent civilians are being used continuously as human shields by Hamas, which has no regard for their safety or welfare?
There are no excuses for the current situation. [
Interruption.]
Perhaps  the hon.
Member for Middlesbrough and Thornaby East (Andy McDonald)  can listen to my comments and then he can comment afterwards.
Getting aid over the border is absolutely critical.
In the light of the Minister’s words, he will also recognise, notwithstanding his comments about the previous Conservative Government, that that Government actively identified different ways to get aid into Gaza and secure food aid in particular.
A special representative for humanitarian affairs was appointed, who was on the ground with a clear remit to address bottlenecks and those issues.
There were clear proposals put to the Government of Israel to increase the delivery of aid and support.
There was active dialogue and Israel made a number of significant and welcome commitments.
Will the Minister give details of the recent engagement on fulfilling those vital commitments, how those responsible are being held to account and whether the Foreign Office, under his Government, has identified and proposed new and alternative routes for aid delivery in recent weeks?
Importantly, the only other way to bring this appalling humanitarian conflict and suffering to a sustainable end in Gaza is for Hamas to release all the hostages.
I appreciate that we have debated this difficult matter previously, but may I ask the Minister what discussions are currently taking place?
The onus, as we know, is on Hamas, but what steps are the Government taking right now?
There are many hostages that we know of, including Emily Damari whom we have spoken about before.
All our thoughts are with those hostages and their families.
We must know what the UK’s position is, especially in relation to calling out Hamas.
US Secretary of State Antony Blinken was right to say at the weekend that we have not seen a great deal of condemnation.
May I conclude by asking the Minister what points of influence we have with Israel in particular and what his Government are doing to address this conflict?
The shadow Foreign Secretary rightly raises the important role of the special representative for humanitarian affairs.