How will the Minister ensure that NHS reforms deliver timely diagnosis, effective treatment and long-term support for those affected?
My hon.
Friend raises a really important point.
NHS England is due to complete a stocktake of long covid services throughout England at the end of this month.
That will provide an accurate in-depth overview of not only long covid services but ME/CFS—myalgic encephalomyelitis/chronic fatigue syndrome—services.
The stocktake will provide a comprehensive and accurate national picture, identify key challenges and make strategic recommendations for future service improvement, development and assurance.
Since 2017 I have been raising the crisis facing East Kent hospitals university NHS foundation trust.
Seven different Health Secretaries across those seven years have promised much but delivered nothing at all.
Patients continue to face unacceptably long waits on trolleys in corridors, and last month the  paper compared these conditions to a war zone, with an average of 40 very ill patients a day facing more than 12-hour waits.
Will the Secretary of State meet me and the CEO of our trust, who is desperate for even the most basic diagnostic equipment, to ensure that this does not continue to be the case for another seven years?
Yes, I or the Minister of State for Health would be delighted to meet the hon.
Member.
She is right to describe the scale of challenge in urgent and emergency care.
Of course, there are other challenges in east Kent, particularly in maternity services, which I am acutely aware of too, and I would be delighted to work with her to help solve some of those challenges in her community.
The Family Dental Practice in my constituency has faced significant challenges caused by dental contracts introduced by the previous Government.
The pilot scheme it took part in caused long-lasting operational financial damages to the practice.
How will the Secretary of State support such practices, and will he consider measures such as rebasing the unit of dental activity targets to help them overcome these challenges?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right: the NHS dental contract simply is not working.
We are working with the sector to reform the contract, with a shift to focusing on prevention and the retention of NHS dentists.
We will deliver on our pledge to provide 700,000 more urgent dental appointments at the earliest possible opportunity, targeting areas that need them most.
One in five social care jobs in Cumbria are currently unfilled, and the consequences are unbearable for those who are vulnerable; indeed, they are causing pressure on the rest of the NHS.
Will the Secretary of State look carefully at the specific needs of rural communities such as ours, where it is so much harder to recruit and retain social care workers?
I was in Cumbria recently, and I was struck by the fact that the care home I visited in Carlisle is delivering great intermediate care for the NHS at half the price of a hospital bed—a really good example of how social care often delivers better value and better care.
However, the hon.
Gentleman is right about the  recruitment challenges.
We are determined to work with local training providers and the local university to make sure that we recruit social care workers, grow our own in Cumbria and keep them in Cumbria.
The East of England ambulance service NHS trust remains at the highest escalation level—level 4—as call handlers in Bedford remain under immense pressure after responding to 39,000 calls between Christmas and new year.
Despite the unprecedented demand, the trust is considering closing the Bedford emergency operation centre, putting nearly 200 jobs at risk.
Given that resources are already stretched to the limit in Bedford, does the Secretary of State agree that we must keep experienced staff who have helped to save countless lives in the region?
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight the particular problems in his constituency.