Rail campaigners are also keen to see other stations reopened, such as Coalpit Heath and Thornbury, but for that to be possible, we need national investment in Westerleigh junction to increase capacity and unlock this potential.
I hope that the Secretary of State will commit to making that part of the integrated infrastructure review that was referenced earlier.
As my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bath (Wera Hobhouse)  said, ultimately passengers are not interested in who runs the trains; they simply want them to run on time and for the tickets to be affordable.
Given the continued squeeze on people’s finances, we need an immediate freeze on rail fares and our fragmented ticketing system needs simplifying to cut costs for commuters.
We also need to think about integration with other forms of public transport.
In my constituency, we have seen serious cuts to local bus services, with many villages left with no regular buses at all.
My aim in this place will be to champion the rights of people to have affordable and green methods of transport, whether they live in rural or urban areas.
In conclusion, I promise to work tirelessly for my constituents, not only on fixing our railways, but on other issues too, such as the fact that our schools are among the lowest funded in the country and that it is almost impossible to register with an NHS dentist locally.
I look forward to working constructively with right hon.
and hon.
Members across the House to address these problems and ensure that the people of Thornbury and Yate get the fair deal they deserve.
It is a pleasure to follow my hon.
Friend  the Member for Easington (Grahame Morris) .
May I say what a pleasure  it is to see you in the Chair, Madam Deputy Speaker?
You have made history with your election and you will have inspired many women and girls across our country.
It is wonderful to see a number of my neighbours here, including my hon.
Friends the Members for Crewe and Nantwich (Connor Naismith), for Stafford (Leigh Ingham), for Stoke-on-Trent North (David Williams) and for Stoke-on-Trent South (Dr Gardner), as well as many hon.
Friends from across the west midlands.
I say a special thank you to my former boss, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Newport West and Islwyn (Ruth Jones) , who is sitting with me here on the Government Benches, a far cry from when I sat opposite her in her office upstairs.
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friends the Members for High Peak (Jon Pearce), for Hertford and Stortford (Josh Dean), for Smethwick (Gurinder Josan), for Stevenage (Kevin Bonavia) and for South Ribble (Mr Foster), all of whom gave important, interesting and witty speeches, as well as to the hon.
Members for Thornbury and Yate (Claire Young) and for Taunton and Wellington (Mr Amos).
It is a real honour to make my first speech in this House as the Member of Parliament for Newcastle-under-Lyme, and in such an important debate too.
I pay tribute to the Secretary of State both for the Bill and for her leadership on these issues.
She and I share an interest in Northern Ireland.
I am very grateful for all the work she has done to get us to where we are today.
I start by acknowledging the deep responsibility I feel to the people who sent me here.
I thank them for placing their trust in me and I will work every day to honour it.
My journey to this place started in the former British Empire.
My maternal grandfather arrived in the United Kingdom from Jamaica, to serve King and country and to help fight fascism.
He docked in Liverpool in 1941 and, after meeting my grandmother, built a life in Staffordshire, the county I am proud to represent today.