Those are all reasons why it is a real honour to be here.
But the biggest reason why it is an honour to be in this Chamber is the people.
We have heard so many excellent maiden speeches over the past couple of weeks, which signify the strength of this Chamber.
The Chamber without its people is just Benches, and Benches do not do anything.
Institutions without people in them do not do anything.
It is the people who will bring change.
The honour is being here alongside so many fantastic people.
I may disagree with those on other Benches, fundamentally and robustly, but it is an honour to be here alongside every single one of them.
I have always been driven by a strong sense of humanity, fairness and justice.
My upbringing and my Sikhi faith are key to my beliefs.
I am reminded of the line in Gurbani written by Guru Nanak:
“Ham Nahi Changae, Bura Nahi Koi.”
I am not good; no one is bad.
That draws attention to the equality of all of us, regardless of any of our attributes.
A good friend in interfaith circles describes Sikhi in a four-letter word: love.
We believe that God is omnipresent, across and within all of creation.
So to love God is to love other people.
For those of no faith, it does no harm to love others in any case.
I consider myself incredibly lucky.
I have the incredible support of my family: my wife Harvinder, my son Pavandeep, my daughter Gurkirta, my mum Bhajan Kaur Josan, my nephews Gagandeep, Puneetpal and Ishmeet, who are all here in the Gallery.
I have been elected to represent a constituency that is embedded in my heart.
I sit on the Benches of a Government who will serve the people.
I know that there is incredibly hard work ahead; that there will be disagreements and robust words, and difficult decisions will need to be made.
But I am committed to serving this House and the voters of Smethwick to the best of my ability.
Congratulations on your election, Madam Deputy Speaker.
It is a privilege to follow so many excellent maiden speeches this evening, including from my hon.
Friends the Members for Hertford and Stortford (Josh Dean), for South Ribble (Mr Foster), for Stevenage (Kevin Bonavia), for Smethwick (Gurinder Josan) and for High Peak (Jon Pearce), and the hon.
Members for Thornbury and Yate (Claire Young), for Taunton and Wellington (Mr Amos) and for Brighton Pavilion (Siân Berry).
I apologise if I have missed any.
They were a tribute to the wealth of talent and experience in this Parliament.
I am grateful for the opportunity to make my first speech in support of this Bill, which will hopefully lay the permanent way to better value for taxpayers and better passenger services.
Transport has sometimes been seen in this place as an unfashionable Department—a stopping-off point for ambitious politicians on the way up, and occasionally on the way down—but it is clear that this attitude is not held by this Front Bench team or this new Government.
There is, however, some historical basis for that view.
When Barbara Castle was appointed Transport Minister, Harold Wilson told her:
“Your job is to produce the integrated transport policy we promised in our manifesto.
I could work something out myself given half an hour.”
When Nicholas Ridley told Margaret Thatcher that he wanted to privatise the railways, she responded:
“Railway privatisation will be the Waterloo of this government.
Never mention the railways to me again.”
Down the years, hon.
Members on the Conservative Benches must have privately wished that Mrs Thatcher’s view had been taken to heart by those who came after.
In fact, given the previous Government’s record of reclassifying Network Rail into the public sector, abandoning the traditional franchising model and  nationalising a quarter of passenger services, I half expected to see Conservative Members joining Labour tonight in support of the Bill.