We are bordered by the west coast main line and the M6, between Birmingham and Manchester, not far from Derby and Nottingham and only 90 minutes or so from our capital—when Avanti chooses to work properly.
Robust rail infrastructure is a strategic necessity for Newcastle-under-Lyme, for our region and for our United Kingdom.
It will stimulate economic growth, bring people together and tear down barriers, and we can do that while at the same time protecting our environment and preserving our planet.
Addressing the north-south divide in transportation infrastructure is about not just fairness, but maximising the full potential of the north to contribute to a more balanced, prosperous and sustainable future for all of us.
That is why I welcome the Bill before us.
It shows my constituents that we meant it when we said that we would focus on getting our nation back on track.
I see the Minister for buses, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wakefield and Rothwell (Simon Lightwood) , on the Front Bench; I look forward to speaking to him about buses soon too.
Newcastle-under-Lyme was rich in coal, leading to extensive mining activities for not far off 200 years.
The coal industry played a crucial part in the town’s development and economy.
The development of the Trent and Mersey canal in the 18th century enhanced transportation links, facilitating the movement of coal and pottery.
The canal system was vital for industrial distribution before the advent of our railways.
The wonderful Apedale museum and heritage centre provides future generations with a window back to the proud history of our town.
I first went when I was about 12, and it is still going strong.
The Apedale Valley railway operates at the same site, adding to a great  family day out.
Sadly, though, like most of the west midlands and the north, while we are proud of our past, we have not seen sufficient focus on building our future by diversifying our industries and jobs.
As the historical and traditional industries declined, my constituency transitioned to a service-oriented economy based on education, healthcare and retail.
Rather than Tory soundbites and gimmicks, this new Labour Government have a plan to deliver real change, driven by a mission of national renewal.
That is clear from this Bill and from the new deal for working people.
Let us be clear: under the Tories, working people suffered more than a decade of falling and flatlining pay, while prices in the shops went up and energy bills soared.
People across Newcastle-under-Lyme still feel the worst effects of the cost of living crisis today.
The Tories broke our country and we are all still paying the price.
Labour’s new deal for working people is a plan to make work pay, ensure security at work and help to provide the work-life balance that everyone deserves.
This Bill and an improved rail service will bring connectivity and growth and, setting it alongside the new worker’s deal to ensure that working people can prosper, we will see the power of a Labour Government.
Cleaning our air and tackling waste crime is a priority for the people who sent me to Parliament.
Walleys Quarry landfill is a disgraceful example of the worst excesses of profit over people and we will not stand for it any more.
It is an environmental crisis and a health one too.
That is why I am grateful that my right hon.
Friend the Environment Secretary today answered my calls and those of all members of Newcastle-under-Lyme borough council, and granted the council permission to proceed with legal action against Walleys Quarry Ltd. That is more done in three weeks than the last three Environment Secretaries did in three years.
It requires the law to be changed, but I know that the Environment Secretary has heard me loud and clear.