My father, Swaran Singh Josan, was 10 years old when he arrived in Smethwick in 1958.
He had most of his education here, and he went on to work as an engineer for the Post Office, which went on to become British Telecom.
Alongside that, in 1975 he, my mum and my uncle established a family business—a hardware store and plumbers’ merchant—on the high street in Smethwick, and my brothers continue to run the business today.
My father was also active in his trade union and the Labour party.
He was elected to Sandwell council in 1986 and subsequently three times.
Unfortunately, he passed away in 1999, when he was the cabinet member for housing in Sandwell.
Being in this place was always his dream.
I believe that he would be proud of this achievement.
It is a convention of the House to speak in good terms about one’s predecessor.
My predecessor is the right hon.
John Spellar, and those who know him will know two things.
First, it does not require convention for me to speak well of him.
Secondly, bearing in mind that his phone ringtone is the theme tune to “The Godfather”, it is a convention that I dare not ignore.
John was first elected to the House in a by-election in 1982 in Birmingham Northfield.
He was then elected as Member of Parliament for Warley West in 1992, and for Warley in 1997.
In total, John gave over 32 years of service to the House, during which he served in ministerial and shadow ministerial roles.
In addition, he gave stalwart service to the people he was elected to represent and is always greeted fondly across the whole constituency.
John also played a considerable role over all those years in working to keep the Labour party in the centre ground—the ground where elections are won and lives can be changed for the better.
He leaves me with incredibly big shoes to fill.
I am delighted that he is being elevated to the other place.
Smethwick existed as the name for the constituency between 1918 and 1997 and has been brought back following the recent boundary changes.
The constituency consists of the former Warley constituency and most of the Blackheath ward.
It includes the football ground of West Bromwich Albion—the Baggies.
It is an extremely diverse place with a relatively young demographic and a significant black, Asian and minority ethnic community, particularly from the Muslim and Sikh backgrounds.
Smethwick was mentioned in the Domesday Book.
Its people are a proud people, who are particularly proud of our industrial heritage.
As an example, Smethwick is the location of the Soho Foundry, created by Matthew Boulton and James Watt in 1775, where the oldest working steam engine in the world was built.
Historically, in addition to my predecessor, Smethwick also saw Christabel Pankhurst standing in the 1918 general election just after women were given the vote.
Oswald Mosley was the MP between 1926 and 1929.
Smethwick also had the shortest serving MP ever elected.
Alfred Dobbs was elected in the 1945 general election.
However, the day after the election he was killed in a car accident on his way to Westminster.
Being aware of that record, I waited three days after the election before driving extra carefully down to Parliament.
Perhaps the most infamous previous MP for the seat was Peter Griffiths, the Tory party candidate who was elected in 1964 after running a disgraceful and nakedly racist campaign with a disgusting slogan, which I will not repeat as it used the racist N-word.
The election and racial tensions at the time prompted a visit a few months later to the constituency by Malcolm X, which was just about a week before he was killed.
Thankfully, Peter Griffiths’s term was brought to an end by Andrew Fauld, who defeated him in the 1966 general election.
Smethwick was undergoing huge changes at the time.