I want to make a special mention of former Prime Minister Julia Gillard, former Tánaiste Joan Burton and a former Member of this House, Lady Hermon, who made my wedding cake—our wedding cake, I should say; Alison was probably safer at cutting it.
For me, this is personal.
Newcastle-under-Lyme is where my wife Alison and I will raise any family that we are blessed with.
I want to say how grateful I am to my wife Alison, who has been on this journey with me over the last seven years, on foot, by plane, by bus, in the car and on our railways.
I love and admire her and her work as a nurse in our national health service—work that will be strengthened by this Labour Government.
I also want to acknowledge the support of my in-laws, who are watching these proceedings from Northern Ireland.
The last really important speech I gave was on my wedding day.
Memories of that speech are the reason Alison and my family are very pleased indeed that I have an unofficial time limit—although I am pushing it.
My speech as a new husband lasted 28 minutes—[Interruption.]
Very short.
It was timed by my closest mates and friends and they have not, to this day, let me forget it; it took that long due to the appearance of some very happy tears.
Today is a marginally shorter speech, and there are no tears, but there is emotion and determination.
There is love—love of family and love of country—and a resolute determination to do my utmost to ensure, in Newcastle-under-Lyme and across our United Kingdom, that all families know that in the years ahead, their children will be able to build lives of opportunity, community, security, success and hope.
I congratulate you, Madam Deputy Speaker, on your election and I welcome you to your place.
I commend my many hon.
Friends who have made such tremendous contributions in the House this evening, particularly my hon.
Friend  the Member for Newcastle-under-Lyme (Adam Jogee) , who gave a moving tribute to his parents, and my young hon.
Friend  the Member for Crewe and Nantwich (Connor Naismith) , who has a few less grey hairs than me.
I also congratulate my right hon.
Friend the Transport Secretary; it is wonderful to see her in her place on the Government Benches.
I thank her and her team for bringing the Bill to the House so quickly.
I am honoured to have been elected by the people of Shipley constituency to represent them.
I grew up on the edge of the moors in beautiful Wharfedale, and I am proud to serve the place I now call home.
I am by no means the youngest Member to have represented the seat—that honour goes to Chris Leslie who, at 24,  was the baby of the House when he was elected in 1997—but I am the first woman.
I am delighted to be part of the most diverse Parliament with some 263 women MPs on both sides of the House.
On my first day, as I emerged from Westminster tube and looked up in awe at the Palace of Westminster, I took a diversion across Parliament Square to pay homage to Millicent Fawcett, the social campaigner and suffragist whose statue stands alongside Churchill and Gandhi.
She holds a banner with the motto, “Courage calls to courage everywhere”.
I have carried those words with me during my first few weeks in Parliament, although I feel more like the lion from “The Wizard of Oz” as I stand here to make my maiden speech—please, give me courage.
I know the people of Shipley have put their trust in me, however, which gives me heart.
All around me, I see people of courage—every one of us on these Benches.
First, we had the courage to stand in the hostile climate in which politics has been conducted recently.