The site that began as the Austin works was an important part of our national life.
At its peak, it employed some 25,000 people.
Models from the Austin 7 to the Metro became part of our shared culture.
It is hard to believe that next year will mark the 20th anniversary of Longbridge’s closure.
That occasion must be marked appropriately in Birmingham and in Parliament.
The site is now home to an ambitious redevelopment project and, importantly, some manufacturing jobs are returning, but travel just a short distance and the scars of that closure are still plain to see.
The male employment rate remains a staggering 10 points lower than in Birmingham as a whole.
Shamefully, average monthly wages are £300 lower in the constituency than they were in 2010, after inflation.
The scourge of in-work poverty is never far away.
Today, my constituents are most likely to be employed in public services.
I am proud to be the son of two teachers even if, sadly, the headquarters of the NASUWT, the Teachers’ Union, which my parents were members of for many years, is just over the border in the neighbouring constituency of Bromsgrove.
There will be more to say—much more—in this Parliament about the funding and delivery of services in Birmingham.
It is enough to say today that after 14 years of severe cuts, the second city is bleeding, and I welcome the statements that the new Government have made about the importance of putting local government funding on a sustainable footing.
The new Government’s plans to establish a fair pay agreement for adult social care, and to reinstate the school support staff negotiating body, will also make a real, material and long overdue difference to thousands of low-paid workers in the Northfield constituency, most of them women, who I was proud to help represent as an officer of the GMB union, and whose skills and professionalism have been undervalued for too long.
If I could achieve one thing in the time I have in this place, it would be to secure improvements to special educational needs and disabilities provision.
It is a cause that is close to my heart: I was one of those children.
I know what it means to have to fight to avoid being defined by other people’s low expectations.
I know the stigma that is the mark of attitudes that are still common and from words that I will not repeat in this place.
I wish that I could say otherwise, but it never leaves you.
I know, too, that a child’s life can turn on access to an identification or a single decision about adjustments and resources—or even for the want of a few encouraging words.
So if I speak for a moment in anger, it is because too many children and families in Birmingham and beyond face barriers that are higher now than they were 25 years ago, in breach of the promise that life for each generation will be better than the last.
It is not enough to fight for people within a failing system; we have to change it.
That is one of the causes I came to Parliament to advocate for, and I welcome the commitments on SEND made by the Education Secretary and the Prime Minister in the early days of this Parliament.
I would like to end by talking about family.
Before me came generations of factory workers, electricians and shopkeepers, painters and polishers, cleaners and coachbuilders, jewellery makers and japanners—some escaping famine’s shadow—who were born in Birmingham or who came to call the city their home.
In the last  few weeks, I have thought about those I knew and those I did not, and what they might have said if they could have seen this day, just as the hard accumulated years of millions of working lives form the prologue to the new deal for working people and the history that this Labour Government will make.