I cannot think of a better moment than now to thank them for everything they have given me over the last 24 years.
My parents are examples of hard work and dedication, principles that they have instilled in me, and those are principles that I will carry with me every day as I go to work in this place.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, for affording me the honour and opportunity to make my maiden speech today.
I have listened intently to many speeches over the past few days, and I congratulate all those who have made their maiden speech.
I rise with slight trepidation in my aspiration to match the passion and eloquence of others, who have spoken in such an inspiring way about their constituencies, life experiences and priorities.
I commend them all.
I would like to start by paying tribute to my immediate predecessor, Katherine Fletcher.
Katherine dedicated herself for the past four and a half years, and had a real  passion for wanting to improve the lives of many people in the constituency.
I also pay tribute to all previous elected Members of Parliament who have served the community of South Ribble: the right hon.
Sir Robert Atkins, David Borrow, Lorraine Fullbrook and Seema Kennedy.
All are still highly thought of.
Today, we debate the public ownership of passenger railway services.
For my constituents, that cannot happen quickly enough.
With Avanti West Coast, which in my instance runs the west coast main line between Preston and London, we are subjected to quite possibly the worst franchise in the country—and trust me, given the state of many of the current franchises, that is some achievement.
Being elected on the new boundaries for South Ribble—which, Mr Speaker, now include many areas of Chorley Rural West—on  4 July  was a huge privilege, humbling and a great honour.
I cannot thank the people of South Ribble enough for giving me this opportunity to represent them.
I hope and promise to do my best, using my experience in industry, in the military and, more recently, as their council leader in local government.
With a heavy heart, I have now passed on the baton of the leadership of South Ribble borough council to Councillor Jacky Alty, my friend and colleague.
I send her and the council my heartfelt best wishes for the future.
However, I am now in a new political chapter and intend to push forward, delivering change with my new Labour Government and colleagues, and I will take every opportunity to advance my constituents’ priorities and prospects in every way I can, with all the energy and experience I bring.
I remain committed to ensuring that they all begin to thrive following such challenging times.
I was brought up in Barrow-in-Furness, and I have a continuing passion for Barrow AFC.
However, during the crippling strikes at the shipyard in 1988 in response to Mrs Thatcher’s targeted attacks on the UK’s manufacturing industry, I ended up joining the British Army’s Corps of Royal Engineers at the tender age of 18.
I served for just under 15 years, serving operationally in the first Gulf war on Operation Haven and in the Kosovo conflict in 1999, to name but two.
After retiring from the Royal Engineers in 2003 to be closer to my young children, I moved to South Ribble to establish a new life and a fresh start, and made it my home.
The people are always warm and welcoming, and I understand that I am the first Member of Parliament actually from the constituency to have been elected to represent it.
Like many constituencies, South Ribble is both rural and urban.
We have the River Ribble running through the north of the constituency, and borders with Preston, West Lancashire, Ribble Valley and Chorley.