The election and racial tensions at the time prompted a visit a few months later to the constituency by Malcolm X, which was just about a week before he was killed.
Thankfully, Peter Griffiths’s term was brought to an end by Andrew Fauld, who defeated him in the 1966 general election.
Smethwick was undergoing huge changes at the time.
In 1967, it saw the appointment of the first black headteacher in the UK, Tony O’Connor, at Bearwood primary school.
The general election was about change.
After 14 years, the British people have voted for change and given a huge mandate to the Prime Minister and the Labour party.
The recent King’s Speech contained Bills that will bring huge change to the country, our public services and the lives of the people we represent.
The Prime Minister can be sure that his programme has my full support.
Among those Bills, the Passenger Railway Services (Public Ownership) Bill will bring much-needed change on our railways.
Its provisions that will bring franchises into public control and, along with provisions that will set up Great British Railways, were widely discussed and understood by voters during the general election.
It is clear that voters support the changes proposed in the Bill.
For me, the election was also about change across our communities.
One example of that change in Smethwick is the fact that 60 years after that disgraceful racist campaign, I—a child and grandchild of immigrants—can be elected to this House.
That change is the result of many people across Smethwick and Sandwell working hard to build relationships and understanding across all communities and ensuring that we deliver on the aspirations of all our people.
Smethwick is an incredibly diverse yet harmonious place.
It is my community.
By that, I mean it is the street I live on, the park opposite, the church on Church Hill Street, the Jamia mosque on Oldbury Road, the Bangladeshi mosques in north Smethwick, the Somali community centre, the Smethwick Asian Sheltered and Residential Association, SAFS caring family support, St Albans community centre, Better Understanding of Dementia for Sandwell, the Royal British Legion branches and clubs, Brushstrokes, Brandhall Labour club, the schools where I am a governor, the gurdwaras where I pray, the high street where I worked and so much more.
That is my community.
Yet in Smethwick we also have our challenges.
Some of those spilt out during the election, as they did in other places.
The election saw the rise of smaller parties and independents, including those driven by foreign policy issues and others such as the Reform party.
I am chair of trustees at Hope Not Hate Charitable Trust, and I see how hate and aggression increasingly define our public discourse, particularly on online platforms, but also more and more in person.
It is a responsibility of all of us to challenge and address that, and to ensure that kindness is the basis of all that we do.
To those who  did not vote for me in Smethwick, I say: I am still your Member of Parliament and I still want to talk to you about the issues that concern you.
Many Members have said that being in this place is the honour of our lives, so over the weekend I thought about that and questioned why we say it.
What came to my mind is that people have voted for us—they have gone out there, put a cross by our names and put their trust in us.
We are in the mother of all Parliaments, and we will make decisions that will change this country.
Those are all reasons why it is a real honour to be here.
But the biggest reason why it is an honour to be in this Chamber is the people.
We have heard so many excellent maiden speeches over the past couple of weeks, which signify the strength of this Chamber.