Member for Wakefield and Rothwell (Simon Lightwood) , to visit the project.
On their visit, I hope that they will enjoy a glass of famous Sheppy’s or Taunton cider—or, to pronounce it correctly for Hansard, zyder—at the Ring of Bells, the Green Dragon or the Pump House in Tonedale, in a Rocket and Bird glass with some Somerdale cheese and perhaps some Bumblee’s relish, followed by a meal at Guddi and Gikki, Maliha and Taj, the Little Wine Shop or Augustus.
They are ideal for planning visits to key organisations in the constituency, like WPA, Pritex or indeed the 40 Commando Royal Marines at Norton Manor camp.
I was delighted to support the Royal Marines, with the help of former Royal Marine Paddy Ashdown—raising an ultimately successful petition to gain a U-turn on the previous Government’s shocking proposal to close down the entire facility.
In his maiden speech the other day, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Tewkesbury (Cameron Thomas) , drew attention to the huge sacrifice that previous generations made so that we are all free to sit in this Chamber today.
My service in the Territorial Army was pretty minimal, but my father, FJC “Jim” Amos CBE, and my mother, Geraldine Amos MBE, both served in world war two, following their fathers who served in the trenches.
I remember discussing it with them all.
When I was growing up, hon.
Members will not be surprised to hear that the atmosphere and the memories of war loomed large in discussions around meal tables.
Is it not that generation’s courage and bravery, not only in rebuilding Britain but in defeating fascism in the first place, that demand our respect?
They demand that we do everything we can to defend the liberal and democratic values that make this country so great.
Their bravery surely also demands that all hon.
Members, on both sides of the House, always say no to those who would stir up division, despair and hatred for nothing more than votes, because they have nothing positive to offer people.
It is the greatest privilege of my life to serve the residents of Taunton and Wellington—from Hatch Beauchamp, Helland and North Curry in the east to Whiteball, West Buckland, and Sampfords Moor and Arundel in the west; and from Bishopswood, Churchinford and Stoke St Mary in the south to Pickney, West Monckton and Kingston St Mary in the north—in this House.
I am here to do one thing: work for them and stand up for them to those in power whenever that is the right thing to do.
I thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker, for the opportunity to begin that duty today.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker, for this opportunity to make my maiden speech.
May I congratulate you on your recent election?
I also congratulate all those who have made maiden speeches today, particularly  the hon.
Member for High Peak (Jon Pearce) , who spoke so passionately about the beauty of his constituency and the childhood experiences that he brings to this House.
I am honoured to have been elected by the people of Thornbury and Yate to be their voice and champion here in Parliament.
Ours is a beautiful and hugely varied rural constituency, with the towns of Thornbury, Yate and Chipping Sodbury and many villages, stretching from Hill, Falfield and Charfield in the north to Bridge Yate,  Siston and Wick in the south.
To the east is the Cotswold escarpment, part of a designated national landscape.
To the west is the Severn estuary, a Ramsar wetland of international importance and formerly home to the Aust ferry, made famous by Bob Dylan.
There is much worth visiting locally, from historic attractions such as Dyrham Park and Acton Court, to the more modern.
Bristol Zoo Project carries out important international conservation work, while not far away—I hesitate to mention this, when my leader, my right hon.