I know the people of Shipley have put their trust in me, however, which gives me heart.
All around me, I see people of courage—every one of us on these Benches.
First, we had the courage to stand in the hostile climate in which politics has been conducted recently.
It is vital that our democracy is not undermined by those who wish to abuse, threaten and intimidate.
I am grateful to the Labour Women’s Network for giving me the support and encouragement to stand, as well as to my husband David, who is here today.
I am proud to support 50:50 Parliament’s campaign, Ask Her To Stand, and I thank the Jo Cox Foundation for its work to promote civility in politics.
I will play my part in upholding standards in this place.
Secondly, we have the courage to stand up for what we believe in.
Each one of us has come to this place with a passion to change things for the better and to leave our communities and the country a better place than when we arrived.
I am heartened by the commitment to work across this House and put aside tribal politics where they get in the way of progress and bring the common good to the fore.
I look forward to working with my neighbour, the right hon.
Member—no, not quite— the hon.
Member for Keighley and Ilkley (Robbie Moore)  [Interruption.]
Not yet.
I will seek to work with colleagues who share my passion to ensure all disabled and older people get access to the care and support they need to live a full life, work I started as the chair of the archbishops’ commission on reimagining care and which I hope to see delivered in the form of a national care service under this Labour Government.
Finally, we must also have the courage to speak up for those whose voices are rarely heard in the corridors of power, to tell their stories, to demand changes that will improve their lives and to show how things can be better.
Many years ago, my teacher Mr Hodgson told me, “You can spend your life shouting from the outside or go and change things from the inside.”
I intend to use my voice in this place to speak up for the people of Shipley constituency, particularly those whose voice is too often ignored or drowned out.
So I am proud that we have a Government who are courageous and have wasted no time in pressing forward with ambitious legislation to deliver on their promises, and today my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Transport has set out another bold plan, taking the first steps to establish Great British Railways.
The people of Shipley constituency have suffered from expensive and unreliable public transport for too long.
Today’s Bill will begin the work of putting the “public” back into public transport, delivering better connectivity so  that children from Baildon and Burley-in-Wharfedale can get to school, commuters from Cottingley, Crossflatts and Cullingworth can get to work, and pensioners from Eldwick and Gilstead can get to the shops—boosting the economy, enabling tourists to visit our wonderful heritage and beautiful countryside in Bingley and Shipley, and making it easier for people to enjoy a night out in Bradford, proudly the city of culture in 2025.
According to protocol, I am to say something about my immediate predecessor, Sir Philip Davies, who served the people of Shipley constituency for 19 years.
He was always diligent about his correspondence, replying quickly to constituents.
Sir Philip advocated for investment in the local area, and it is in part thanks to his efforts that the NHS has recently committed to reinvesting funds from the sale of Shipley hospital into a new health and wellbeing hub.
I look forward to continuing his work to bring a hoped-for boost to Shipley town centre.