To the west is the Severn estuary, a Ramsar wetland of international importance and formerly home to the Aust ferry, made famous by Bob Dylan.
There is much worth visiting locally, from historic attractions such as Dyrham Park and Acton Court, to the more modern.
Bristol Zoo Project carries out important international conservation work, while not far away—I hesitate to mention this, when my leader, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston and Surbiton (Ed Davey)  might be listening—there is an artificial inland surfing lake called the Wave.
There is a real history of innovation locally, although sadly my own parish of Frampton Cotterell’s claim to the invention of the Stetson hat appears to be little more than an urban legend.
However, we can be proud that the pioneer of vaccination, Edward Jenner, started his medical training in Chipping Sodbury.
Nowadays, many of my constituents work in cutting-edge industries in our region, such as aerospace.
With a background in maths and software engineering, I take a keen interest in seeing those industries flourish, and I want to ensure that our young people can benefit from the opportunities they bring.
My constituency is of course more than its landscape and history; it is the people who live there and their fantastic community spirit.
I saw that in my own village during the pandemic, when hundreds of volunteers rallied to help others.
Whether it is the big lunch in Chipping Sodbury, the Yate Ageing Better festival, Thornbury carnival or any myriad other events and groups, they all contribute to making the constituency a wonderful place to live.
I thank my predecessor Luke Hall, who served Thornbury and Yate for nine years, during which time he championed neonatal care leave and held posts in the Department for Education and the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government.
I wish him and his family all the best for the future.
I also thank his predecessor, the former Pensions Minister Sir Steve Webb, who has been a great source of wisdom for me and is fondly remembered by many constituents.
He set a very high bar for all his successors, and I will do my best to meet it.
While I am thanking people, I put on record my gratitude to Councillor Maggie Tyrrell, who has recently succeeded me as the leader of South Gloucestershire council.
I know that the council is in safe hands as I bring that experience to this place.
I am grateful for the opportunity to make this speech in this important debate, because if we are to tackle the climate crisis and cut congestion on our roads, we must get rail services back on track to give people genuine alternatives to get around effectively.
There are currently three railway stations in my constituency.
Yate station was reopened in the 1980s, and we desperately need the proposed redevelopment.
I will also be seeking to ensure that the funding for half-hourly services is extended beyond the current end date of 2026.
That will benefit not only Yate, but provide an hourly train for the new station planned at Charfield.
The station at Pilning is a parliamentary station, with just one train running a week to avoid formally closing it.
Its location, near the growing industrial location of  Severnside, means that if properly reopened, it is prime placed to help the many workers who travel from south Wales to make the trip without a car.
The third station is Severn Beach.
Once a seaside resort, the line now serves commuters.
However, commuters can be left disappointed by flooding on the line, as well as the fact that the service is not more frequent.
Rail campaigners are also keen to see other stations reopened, such as Coalpit Heath and Thornbury, but for that to be possible, we need national investment in Westerleigh junction to increase capacity and unlock this potential.