After losing her to cancer complicated by covid in 2020, I know what losing a loved one feels like.
She was only 68 years and one day old when she passed; she was lonely and afraid, and the pain that me and my family, and many thousands of others, went through during the pandemic can never, ever be repeated.
Her end of life was desperately traumatic, and could and should have been avoided.
I hold a very personal and strong view on the very well-publicised parties that were held down here.
We must learn lessons, and must all listen very carefully to what the covid inquiry finds.
Given me and my family’s experiences with my mum, I also look forward to the passionate debate on assisted dying, which will be a deeply complex but critically important piece of legislation.
I have dedicated 32 years of my life to public service in the British Army and in local government.
I now further commit to you, Mr Speaker, to this House, and to each and every one of my constituents, as it states in my Institution of Royal Engineers’ motto, “service not self”; I promise my continued public service, upholding fully the principles of integrity, objectivity, accountability, selflessness, openness, honesty and leadership at all times.
I am honoured to be here to serve the people of South Ribble.
I rise to give my maiden speech.
I congratulate you, Mr Speaker, on your position and the Transport Secretary and the Front-Bench team on their positions.
It is a privilege and a pleasure to follow the maiden speeches that we have just heard, including by  the hon.
Member for Hertford and Stortford (Josh Dean) , who, along with my hon.
Friend  the Member for Eastbourne (Josh Babarinde) , significantly increases the Josh quotient in the House.
If I contribute nothing else, I clearly increase the Gideon quotient by the massive number of one new Member of Parliament.
I also thank  the hon.
Member for South Ribble (Mr Foster) , whose public service has been enduring.
He has had my congratulations on that already.
Their speeches will be a hard act to follow, but I have the advantage of representing Taunton and Wellington, so it should not be too much of a problem.
I give credit to the former Conservative Member for Taunton Deane, Rebecca Pow, who will, I am sure, continue her enthusiasm for gardening and wildlife.
She was, of course, a Minister with responsibility for water and for our rivers.
I am partial to a dip in the river from time to time, so I was pleased to successfully apply for bathing water status for a stretch of the Tone in Taunton to get the improvement in water quality that we desperately need in our rivers down in Taunton.
The River Tone is the silver thread that joins Wellington to Taunton to the levels, close to where the famous cakes were burned near the King Alfred Inn at Burrowbridge.
I also pay tribute to the former Liberal Democrat MP Jeremy Browne, the Member of Parliament for Taunton Deane from 2005 to 2015.
He served as a Home Office and a Foreign Office Minister, and remains incredibly well liked in the constituency.
He was the first Member to propose a new railway station for Wellington, and I am delighted to have had the Chancellor’s assurance in the previous debate that that project will go ahead.
I am the eighth Liberal to represent Taunton in Parliament since some guy named Disraeli was defeated by the first one in the 1835 general election.
Of course, nothing further was heard of him—at least not in Taunton.
Taunton’s parliamentary tradition is very deep-rooted.
As a county town with a castle, which today proudly houses the Castle hotel and the superb Museum of Somerset supported by our dynamic town council, its parliamentarians held out in siege after siege.