Down the years, hon.
Members on the Conservative Benches must have privately wished that Mrs Thatcher’s view had been taken to heart by those who came after.
In fact, given the previous Government’s record of reclassifying Network Rail into the public sector, abandoning the traditional franchising model and  nationalising a quarter of passenger services, I half expected to see Conservative Members joining Labour tonight in support of the Bill.
It was a privilege to work as staff in the shadow Transport team during some of those long years in opposition.
May I take this opportunity to say how welcome it is to see the Under-Secretary of State for Transport, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Nottingham South (Lilian Greenwood)  in her place?
She brings real expertise to the role from her time as Chair of the Transport Committee and in the shadow Transport team.
She will be an outstanding Minister, and I am grateful for her support and guidance down the years.
Another Shadow Transport Minister in that team was Richard Burden, my Labour predecessor for Birmingham Northfield.
Richard ably represented Northfield for 27 years.
He is well remembered in this House for his boundless enthusiasm for the motor industry, and for his steadfast commitment to social justice, which has continued into what cannot be called a retirement, through his activism in pursuit of better local health services and support for the humanitarian cause in Palestine.
His support meant a lot to me during the campaign, and I am sure his friends on both sides of the House extend their good wishes to him.
I also want to pay tribute to my immediate predecessor.
In the space of just one Parliament, Gary Sambrook became well known locally and, through the 1922 Committee, in the Conservative party nationally.
He and other candidates fought a campaign that was untouched by the disgraceful tactic of intimidation that was witnessed elsewhere in Birmingham and which must have no place in our public life.
I am certain that this is not the end for Gary in Birmingham politics, and I wish him well.
To talk about Birmingham is to tell a tale of two cities.
That is as true of the Northfield constituency as it is elsewhere.
Pockets of relative affluence sit cheek by jowl with deprivation.
The historic village centres of Kings Norton and Northfield lie a short distance from the new estates, like Weoley Castle, that were built to serve the needs of Birmingham’s growing economy.
The fortunes of the constituency rise and fall with Birmingham, but the seat is also defined by its outer estates—New Frankley, Rubery and Allens Cross—which are distant and distinct from the city centre.
All these communities face common challenges, including crime and antisocial behaviour, and the decline of the traditional high street.
They have been hit hard by cuts to neighbourhood policing and by the decision last year to not proceed with the regeneration of Northfield’s high street.
There is much to do.
For most of the constituency’s history it was best known for the Longbridge car plant, which also drew in workers from the surrounding areas of West Heath, Rednal and beyond.
For 100 years, Longbridge paid handsomely into the national purse, and it was essential to our defence in times of crisis.
During the second world war, Longbridge and its shadow factories produced many of the armaments and aircraft that kept our nation free.
If the House will excuse a diversion, I am reminded at this point of my grandad’s story, often repeated with pride to us as children, about his time stationed at the air defences at Billeseley Common, when he—almost—fired a rocket at an encroaching German plane.
The site that began as the Austin works was an important part of our national life.
At its peak, it employed some 25,000 people.
Models from the Austin 7 to the Metro became part of our shared culture.