Their blood runs in my veins.
Their life stories forged my identity and my outlook on the world.
The greatest gift my parents and grandparents have given me is their example of what courage, tolerance, love and diversity mean, not as academic concepts but a lived experience.
That I am standing here today, a Member of the House of Commons on the Government Benches, was not inevitable, but it was possible.
My election—the first black man to represent anywhere in the west midlands—says so much about who we are in 2024 and what our nation means.
While it is with a sense of sadness that I acknowledge that none of my grandparents is here to witness this speech, I am confident that, if they were, they would all be saying to each other what a wonderful country this is.
I am proud of my Englishness and my Britishness, and of the simple truth that, in our United Kingdom, you can be anything you want to be with the right support, a work ethic, real opportunities and a good heart.
I am not defined by my colour, but I am very,  very proud of it, and Labour Governments are key to building the kind of enabling environment that means that success and a good life are available to all.
It is that passion for sharing opportunity that drives me every day.
For those who did not make it to campaign with me in the general election—I note that my hon.
Friend  the Member for Hornsey and Friern Barnet (Catherine West) , who I know very well, did make several visits, for which I am grateful—Newcastle is an ancient market town in the middle of England.
Its rich history dates back to medieval times, with its market charter granted in 1173, which means that last year we celebrated the borough’s 850th anniversary.
The people who live, learn and work in Newcastle-under-Lyme are decent, caring, proud and honest.
Indeed, when I think of their honesty, I am reminded of two particular chats that I had during the campaign.
This is semi-dangerous, I suppose, when we start quoting our constituents.
I met Steve and his son in Betley—in fact, in the very good Swan pub in Betley.
I recommend it to anyone passing through, particularly my hon.
Friend  the Member for Crewe and Nantwich (Connor Naismith) , who is very welcome.
The first thing Steve said to me was, “You’re much shorter than I thought you would be in real life.”
It was the final chat after a long day of door knocking, and my first reaction was, “Thank you very much, I think.”
I then met Christine, a pensioner from Wolstanton.
She said, “You are much younger and better looking than you look in your leaflets.
You need new leaflets.”
I will not share the story about horse riding with my friend Carol Whitehouse in Audley, but suffice it to say, we will all do anything safe and legal to get elected.
I was reminded in these conversations of the age-old adage that the voters are never wrong.
That is a lesson that Conservative party Members—not that there are many here tonight—may want to heed.
In my patch, you know where you stand, and if you build trust, show that you care and listen, local people will have your back.
We are blessed with very fine centres of learning: we are home to Newcastle College and the wonderful Keele University, one of the best higher education institutions in our country.
My hon.
Friends the Members for Stoke-on-Trent Central (Gareth Snell), for Stoke-on-Trent North (David Williams) and for Stoke-on-Trent South (Dr Gardner) seek to take credit for it and claim it every day, but it is ours.
We have many brilliant schools with wonderful teachers, teaching assistants and special educational needs co-ordinators.
I have been honoured to visit many of our schools over the past 18 months.