Once a seaside resort, the line now serves commuters.
However, commuters can be left disappointed by flooding on the line, as well as the fact that the service is not more frequent.
Rail campaigners are also keen to see other stations reopened, such as Coalpit Heath and Thornbury, but for that to be possible, we need national investment in Westerleigh junction to increase capacity and unlock this potential.
I hope that the Secretary of State will commit to making that part of the integrated infrastructure review that was referenced earlier.
As my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bath (Wera Hobhouse)  said, ultimately passengers are not interested in who runs the trains; they simply want them to run on time and for the tickets to be affordable.
Given the continued squeeze on people’s finances, we need an immediate freeze on rail fares and our fragmented ticketing system needs simplifying to cut costs for commuters.
We also need to think about integration with other forms of public transport.
In my constituency, we have seen serious cuts to local bus services, with many villages left with no regular buses at all.
My aim in this place will be to champion the rights of people to have affordable and green methods of transport, whether they live in rural or urban areas.
In conclusion, I promise to work tirelessly for my constituents, not only on fixing our railways, but on other issues too, such as the fact that our schools are among the lowest funded in the country and that it is almost impossible to register with an NHS dentist locally.
I look forward to working constructively with right hon.
and hon.
Members across the House to address these problems and ensure that the people of Thornbury and Yate get the fair deal they deserve.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker, for calling me to make my maiden speech in this august Chamber.
I join other hon.
Members in welcoming you to your place, and the ministerial team and the shadow ministerial team to their places as well.
I congratulate all hon.
Members who have made their maiden speeches today; we have heard excellent contributions.
I thank, in particular,  the hon.
Member for Thornbury and Yate (Claire Young) , who described her constituency so eloquently that it makes one want to visit, but those who know me will know that a visit by me would be accompanied with a Labour party campaign.
May I also please take this opportunity to thank all the staff across the parliamentary estate who have worked incredibly hard and always courteously to help me and, I am sure, many other hon.
Members to establish ourselves in this place?
I also take the opportunity to thank the voters of Smethwick, who have entrusted me with the honour and responsibility of being their elected Member of Parliament.
It is indeed a great honour to stand here today, and I give the voters my word that I will work to repay their trust to the best of my abilities.
Of course, I would not be here without the support of my family.
My grandfathers, Bhan Singh and Niranjan Singh, arrived in the UK in 1956 and 1957 and carried out manual jobs in foundries and brickworks respectively.
They came with hope for a better life for them and their families, but they also came with a strong belief that, with hard work, they would be able to forge a better life in Great Britain.
My father, Swaran Singh Josan, was 10 years old when he arrived in Smethwick in 1958.
He had most of his education here, and he went on to work as an engineer for the Post Office, which went on to become British Telecom.
Alongside that, in 1975 he, my mum and my uncle established a family business—a hardware store and plumbers’ merchant—on the high street in Smethwick, and my brothers continue to run the business today.