I call the shadow Minister.
As a rifleman, I know the importance of training for military operations; it ensures readiness, lethality and survivability.
In addition to the recent announcement that there is no firm timeline for spending 2.5% of GDP, possible cuts to the training budget have been mentioned.
Will the Minister confirm that there will be no cuts to the training budget in either this financial year or the next?
I welcome the hon.
Gentleman to his place; it is a great job being shadow Minister for the Armed Forces, as I know.
If I may say so politely, the reason there is severe financial pressure on us is that this Government were left with a £22 billion financial black hole by his party.
Let me be clear: supporting our armed forces to train to be the best, to deter aggression and to defeat it if necessary is a priority for this Government.
Despite the economic circumstances his party passed on to mine, we are taking steps to ensure that our armed forces have what they need.
What steps he is taking to support veterans.
This is a Government of service that will always stand up for those who serve our country.
That is why the Prime Minister focused on the debt we owe our veterans in his first conference speech as Prime Minister.
As a veteran myself, I stand steadfast in my commitment to deliver improved services for veterans, working closely across Government and with the devolved Governments.
The Lord Kitchener Memorial Holiday Centre is an extraordinary charity in my constituency, set up more than 100 years ago after the great war to provide convalescence for returning soldiers.
Today it provides much-needed short stays for veterans and their families across the country, as well as a drop-in and information centre for veterans locally, but sadly its funding situation is precarious.
Does the Minister agree that investing in our locally valued veterans’ charities is essential if we are to provide the best support for our brave service personnel?
I thank my hon.
Friend for an important statement and question, and I thank the Lord Kitchener Memorial Holiday Centre for all the work it has done in supporting veterans for over a century now—it is truly deserving of applause.
I would be happy to visit the centre with her to see the brilliant work that it does.
The Government are looking at the best way to deliver collaboratively across the charitable sector, which includes more than 1,000 charities, to deliver the best support for veterans and deliver the deal they deserve.
During his Labour conference speech, the Prime Minister made one of his key announcements:
“We will repay those who served us and house all veterans in housing need.
Homes will be there for heroes.”
Hear, hear!
Wait for it.
Last week, the Government confirmed that that would actually be done by exempting veterans from local connection and residency tests, rather than by making dedicated housing available.
Given that it was a key conference pledge, what guarantees are the Government able to offer veterans that homes really will be there for them?
As the hon.
Gentleman will know, Op Fortitude is running and we have had more than 2,000 referrals so far, with 700 veterans put into housing.
We will continue to extend the programme to ensure that every veteran has a home in due course.
I call the shadow Minister.
This weekend marked 40 years since one of the most appalling and audacious terrorist attacks on British soil, the attack on the Conservative party conference in Brighton in 1984.
Five people died in the bombing.
If you will forgive me, Mr Speaker, they were the Member of Parliament for Enfield, Southgate, Anthony Berry; Lady Jeanne Shattock; Muriel Maclean of the Scottish Conservatives; Eric Taylor; and Roberta Wakeham.
All are remembered.
Thirty-one people were also injured and some never recovered.