I finish by offering my condolences and heartfelt wishes to Moira, the rest of his family and all his wide circle of friends.
Further to those points of order, Mr Speaker.
It was with a sense of disbelief that we heard the news on Saturday afternoon; we all had to double-check that people were referring to the Alec Salmond whom we have all got to know so well.
In 50 years, he has become a colossus—a huge political figure in Scotland.
It is almost impossible to think of Scottish politics without Alec Salmond.
Alec recruited me to the Scottish National party in the 1990s; he was a fan of a band I played with.
I was able to return the favour some time later when I recorded him; another passion Alec had was singing.
Let us just say that it was not exactly a huge hit and that it did not bother the charts.
Alec was a man of many talents—there were many facets that made up Alec Salmond.
Watching Alec conduct political debate and work a room was to watch a political masterclass in engagement and communication.
He could do that with a charm that was so effective and beguiling that people naturally felt that they wanted to contribute and be with Alec Salmond.
Scotland will miss Alec.
We will all miss Alec in the Scottish National party.
We must always remember that he came close to delivering what many people thought was almost impossible—Scotland becoming an independent nation; a nation of our own.
He took the Scottish National party from a fringe interest—when I was first elected it had five MPs and we had 18% of the vote in Scotland—and we came so close to securing an independent nation of our own, which would never have been possible without the energy, charisma and dynamism of Alec Salmond.
We are all hurting in the Scottish National party today.
We have lost one of the giants of our political movement.
I hope that everyone extends their sympathies to Moira and the rest of the family, to his colleagues in the Alba party, and to everyone who worked with him throughout all these years in a mission that Alec helped to shape and design.
Further to those points of order, Mr Speaker.
It is difficult to overstate the influence that Alex Salmond has had on the national movements, not just in Scotland but in Wales.
He has always been a true friend of my party, Plaid Cymru.
He is respected, and will be respected in future, for his extraordinary resilience and optimism.
He made the campaign for Scotland’s independence a political reality, and he changed the course of his nation—that is undeniable.
As I said, Alex was a friend to Wales, and  the hon.
Member for Perth and Kinross-shire (Pete Wishart)  has already mentioned his many facets.
Our former leader, Dafydd Wigley, was going to invite Alex Salmond to speak at a conference on the Welsh poet, R. S. Thomas—I do not know how many people would expect that—as R. S. Thomas and Welsh poetry were one of Alex’s enthusiasms.
I extend every sympathy from my party, Plaid Cymru, to Moira, to Alex’s friends and family, and to our colleagues in our sister party, the SNP.
I am sure that everyone here sends them our deepest commiserations.
Further to those points of order, Mr Speaker.
The phrase “end of an era” is often bandied about, but Alex’s parting really does feel like the end of an era.
We were not friends; we had a professional relationship, I would say.
Sometimes it was cordial, sometimes it was less so, because we disagreed on some pretty fundamental issues.
I always respected Alex as one of the most formidable and, indeed, ruthless political operators of our generation—I think he would welcome that epitaph.