If you will forgive me, Mr Speaker, they were the Member of Parliament for Enfield, Southgate, Anthony Berry; Lady Jeanne Shattock; Muriel Maclean of the Scottish Conservatives; Eric Taylor; and Roberta Wakeham.
All are remembered.
Thirty-one people were also injured and some never recovered.
The peace that we enjoy today in Northern Ireland and across these islands was hard-won over many decades, but hard-won also was the protection afforded to our veterans, who served our country through the troubles and have since been plagued by ambulance-chasing lawyers with vexatious claims.
That protection was achieved through the Northern Ireland Troubles (Legacy and Reconciliation) Act 2023, but there is concern within the veteran community that the new Government’s proposed  repealing and replacement of that Act will put those men and women, many of whom are now well into retirement, at risk.
Can the hon.
and gallant Gentleman assure me, and them, that they will be protected and that those who served our country with distinction and valour over so many years will never be at the mercy of those seeking to distort their service or to damage their lives and reputations?
I thank the hon.
and gallant Gentleman for his comments.
Our Government recognise the important service of veterans and serving personnel and the sacrifices they made to keep us all safe in Northern Ireland during the troubles.
I did not serve during the troubles, but I did serve in Northern Ireland and I understand them.
He has my absolute commitment that any individual who needs to go through legal proceedings will get the correct welfare and legal support.
What recent discussions he has had with his international counterparts on support for Ukraine.
What recent discussions he has had with his international counterparts on support for Ukraine.
What recent discussions he has had with his international counterparts on support for Ukraine.
I regularly discuss how best to support Ukraine with international partners.
Last week, I met my Ukrainian counterpart and the new Secretary-General of NATO in London.
Last month at the Ukraine defence contact group in Ramstein, I met nearly 50 other Defence Ministers who came together to commit to continued support of Ukraine, both in the immediate fight and for the long term.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his response.
Our military support needs to be part of wider diplomatic and economic support.
There is growing concern about loopholes that allow Russian oil exports to a third-party country to be developed into other petroleum products and then to be imported into the UK and other countries that have imposed sanctions on Russia.
Can the Secretary of State tell me what work he and his counterparts are doing to crack down on that loophole and to stop inadvertently funding the Russian war effort?
My hon.
Friend is right: alongside military aid, economic support and diplomatic help are required to support Ukraine and put pressure on Russia.
The UK has banned the import of Russian oil and oil products, in line with the steps taken by the US and the European Union.
Importers must now include proof of origin and country of last dispatch as a way of tightening up on the loopholes, and we will not hesitate to take further action if Russian revenues, which fuel the war machine, are not closed off by the sanctions.
I thank the Secretary of State for his answer.
On a recent visit to Ukraine, I visited the Chernihiv oblast, which is a former Russian red line.
There, we saw a large military effort by communities and local government.
Given that large segments of the military in Ukraine are made up differently from our own Ministry of Defence, what discussions is the Secretary of State having to ensure funds are going into community and local government efforts?
Like my hon.
Friend, I have been privileged to see some of those community efforts and local mayor- led initiatives when I have visited Ukraine.