I am sure it will save the lives of hundreds, if not thousands of people.
They are a great example to us all.
I confess to being unusually nervous—as indeed I should be—as I address my honourable colleagues across the House for the first time as the first Member of Parliament for Tiverton and Minehead.
I would like to begin by thanking the two previous MPs for Tiverton and Minehead.
My fellow Liberal Democrat, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Honiton and Sidmouth (Richard Foord) , has happily been returned by his constituents as their MP, where he will continue to be a hard-working local champion.
I am also grateful for the 23 years of service that my predecessor in Bridgwater and West Somerset, Ian Liddell-Grainger, in his own inimitable style, gave to my constituents in that part of my constituency.
He is a doting grandfather, who will now have more time to spend with his grandchildren.
I also want to thank Rebecca Pow, the former Member for Taunton Deane, who is a prolific gardener—vegetables are a particular favourite, I understand—and whose constituency encompassed some of the villages and towns now in Tiverton and Minehead, as well as the constituency of Taunton and Wellington.
As a new Member of Parliament, this place, even though it bears a resemblance to my alma mater, is a difficult and different environment to master.
I know that I speak for all new Members when I thank all members of staff of the parliamentary estate, from Doorkeepers to police officers to catering and cleaning staff.
I thank them all for their warm welcome, and for their tolerance and patience with the numerous questions they answer with humour and understanding.
Thank you all.
Since September last year, my team, known as “Team Terrific and The Stalwarts”, have knocked on nearly 31,000 doors, delivered hundreds of thousands of leaflets, letters and surveys and spoken to over 12,000 residents.
I know what matters to the people of Tiverton and Minehead because I have asked them.
I was raised in Somerset and have spent most of my adult life in Devon, from Holcombe Rogus via Hemyock to Bampton in the Tiverton and Minehead constituency.
My husband and I chose to raise our family in Devon.
In fact, all four of our children are born Devonians.
Our eldest sons, Henry and Tom, were born in the old hospital in Tiverton.
It is my sincere intention to support the NHS and social care systems in Tiverton and Minehead by keeping our local hospitals open in Minehead, Tiverton and Williton, and by supporting all our GP surgeries.
Ours is a very rural area and the need to keep local hospitals open is especially pressing given limited transport links and a higher-than-average elderly population.
As mine is a rural and often disconnected constituency, transport improvements are one of my key priorities.
With that at the forefront of my mind, I have convened a meeting with Peninsula Transport, the body that oversees all public transport in Devon and Somerset.
Along with my transport adviser, David Northey, who has a deep history in this area as a former head of strategic planning at Great Western Railway, I have been hard at work for my constituents, putting together a transport plan and highlighting the challenges and solutions for rail and bus services across Tiverton  and Minehead.
Minehead train station desperately needs linking to the main line at Taunton; I know that my hon.
Friend and neighbour  the Member for Taunton and Wellington (Mr Amos)  would agree.
We need also to secure the number 25 and 28 bus services in the north of the constituency and look carefully at rural bus routes to service the villages of Exmoor, such as Exford, Withypool and Winsford, along with local towns, particularly Wiveliscombe.
Those will be key parts of that new plan for the local area.