friend Alex Salmond, Mr Speaker.
I thank the Secretary of State for his contribution.
He will be aware of the failures of analysis at the start of the full-scale invasion.
Will he consider the report by Phillips O’Brien and Eliot Cohen of the Centre for Strategic and International Studies that looked at some of those failures, so that he is informed for the next process, in terms of support for Ukraine and building support internationally?
I will indeed.
If the hon.
Gentleman could be so kind as to send me the executive summary, rather than the full report, I will certainly take a look  at it.
What recent estimate his Department has made of the percentage of Russia’s gross domestic product spent on its armed forces in each year since the invasion of Ukraine.
Russia’s declared total military expenditure was around 4.7% of GDP in 2022.
In 2023 it was 5.9% of GDP, and the forecast spending this year is up to around 7% of GDP.
As the right hon.
Gentleman knows very well, the public figures almost certainly do not tell the full story about Russian expenditure.
I am grateful to the Secretary of State for putting that on the record.
Does that frightening set of figures not show the scale of the problem and the weight of attack that Russia can bring to bear against Ukraine?
How are we doing with the double demand on our resources—the need to both supply Ukraine with hardware and ammunition, and replenish our stocks of hardware and ammunition in order to fulfil our NATO security requirements?
The right hon.
Gentleman describes the double challenge of continuing to support Ukraine and replenishing our stockpiles, particularly of the weapons, ammunition and systems that we have gifted to Ukraine.
The Government already have £1 billion-worth of contracts for replenishing UK stockpiles across a range of systems, and I can tell him that around 60% of the contracted production will be in the UK.
That is the way we strengthen Britain’s security for the future, but also strengthen Britain’s economic growth and prosperity.
I thank the Secretary of State for the work he is doing to support Ukraine.
It is very important that we have a united front, and that we are there for the long term to support Ukraine, as we have already heard this morning.
What is his view about the determination of our allies to see this conflict through right to the end?
I feel more confident in this job than I did when I was in my previous job.
I recently attended the US-led gathering of almost 50 countries in Ramstein, where they made a long-term commitment to supporting Ukraine now and into the future.
That gave me confidence that, with work, we can play a leading role in helping that coalition to hold together, and in getting NATO  to do more to co-ordinate action and ensure that we  get support behind Ukraine, so that it prevails and Putin loses.
What recent assessment he has made of the adequacy of progress on the AUKUS strategic partnership.
What recent assessment he has made of the adequacy of progress on the AUKUS strategic partnership.
The UK is fully committed to the AUKUS partnership.
On  26 September , the Secretary of State hosted the first AUKUS Defence Ministers’ meeting outside the US.
During that discussion, he provided direction and guidance to accelerate our taking advantage of the opportunities that this landmark partnership presents to us.
I refer Members to the Defence Ministers’ meeting joint communication for more details on progress.
The Secretary of State already knows how proud we are in Barrow and Furness to be building our Astute and Dreadnought submarines, and to be part of the AUKUS programme.
I know from our discussions that this Government understand that we need a cross-departmental approach to support the delivery of the AUKUS deal in Barrow and Furness.