That is because a long time ago, he,  the right hon.
Member for New Forest West (Sir Desmond Swayne)  and I were all members of the Students’ Representative Council of St Andrews University.
It was a sleepy organisation in which we debated this and that.
Then, with a flash and a bang, like Mephistopheles appearing in “Doctor Faustus”, he was there from nowhere—a fully equipped, fully armed, formidable young politician, still in his late teens.
That came as a shock to us all.
Having debated with him in student debates, I can tell the House that if he turned that laser eye on you and fired a verbal sally, it went straight through you, and then straight through the wall behind.
He was a superb debater—I have never seen his like.
What was fascinating about him was that he was a fully developed politician so early in life.
He knew exactly what he was about and was determined to achieve his end.
I was also briefly in the Scottish Parliament, as  the hon.
Member for Glasgow West (Patricia Ferguson)  alluded to.
In 2007, at a reception at the Signet library in Edinburgh, he said, “Jamie, I want a word with you.”
He cornered me in one of those half-moon-shaped alcoves and told me very forcibly how supporting the SNP Government in 2007 would lead to a revival of the Liberal party in the Scottish Parliament.
Mention has rightly been made of his widow, Moira, whom I found to be a very nice person indeed.
She once stopped me in the Royal Mile, shortly after Alex had become First Minister, to say that she had got that dreadful upright piano out of the drawing room at Bute House.
She just wanted me to know that.
My thoughts are not only with Alex’s family but with his circle of friends, to whom he meant a very great deal.
Our condolences should go to his family and to his friends as well.
Charles Stewart Parnell made his name in history, and I believe that Alex Salmond will do so in exactly the same way, for many years to come.
I really regret this playground-style characterisation of issues that are so fundamental, particularly for those who live in Gibraltar.
I mentioned the comments of the Chief Minister of the Falklands, and the right hon.
Member has now forced me to quote them, given the nature of what he has just said.
The Chief Minister said some of these claims are
“more about party politics, blame-gaming and Tory Party leadership issues…than”
they are actually about the sovereignty of people who live in the overseas territories.
He could not have been clearer.
I am very happy to meet the right hon.
Gentleman to discuss any cases.
On the conversation with the Pakistani Government, the main concern in relation to the Triples is about moving them out of Afghanistan and into Pakistan in the first place.
The agreement we have with the Pakistani Government means that anyone who is being assessed as part of the ARAP scheme will not be deported back to Afghanistan, which is really important, but there is still a requirement to make sure that we can relocate eligible individuals and their immediate families to the UK in an appropriate and reasonable way.
We are continuing that work, and we are continuing the dialogue with the Pakistani Government in relation to this issue.
Thank you for calling me to make my maiden speech, Madam Deputy Speaker.
Before I do, may I commend Figen Murray and her family and friends for the excellent   campaign they have continued, completely selflessly?
I am sure it will save the lives of hundreds, if not thousands of people.
They are a great example to us all.
I confess to being unusually nervous—as indeed I should be—as I address my honourable colleagues across the House for the first time as the first Member of Parliament for Tiverton and Minehead.