Let’s work together to secure a future for farming across Exmoor, West Somerset and mid Devon.
Come to my monthly farmers’ surgeries so that I can represent my farming community to the very best of my abilities.”
Becoming an MP has been my ambition since I was 17, when I joined the Liberal party at school.
It has taken me four attempts over 43 years of campaigning, but now that dream has become a reality.
Without my family, it would have been impossible.
As a professional woman, I have broken several glass ceilings thanks to my inspirational grandmothers, Mabel and Jesse, who offered wise counsel; to Miss Whaite, now Mrs Michael Limb, my Latin teacher, who kept me sane at boarding school; and especially to my mother, who has always believed in me.
Mummy, thank you—I love you.
I am so proud to have her here today with my husband and our eldest son in the Gallery, so that she can see this moment.
Yesterday I celebrated my three-score-years birthday; I say to my Conservative colleagues, whose maths skills in government were found somewhat wanting, that that is 60.
I share my birthday with Margaret Hilda Thatcher, who must be one of the best recruiting agents for the Liberal and Labour parties.
I am proud that I share nothing with her other than a birthday.
My passion for politics flows from my compassion for my fellow human beings—whoever and wherever they are, irrespective  of background, race, religion, colour, gender, sexuality  or ability.
It is impossible to mention everyone and everything in one’s maiden speech, but if there is one thing that I wish my constituents to know it is this: they are my world.
I feel humbled and honoured to have been elected to represent Tiverton and Minehead in Parliament.
They can help me do my job by coming to my surgeries at Tiverton and Minehead, Wiveliscombe and on Exmoor, by ringing my office and my staff, and by writing us letters and emails.
I am at their service.
Ordered,
That Stuart Anderson and Wendy Chamberlain be discharged from the Committee of Selection and Joy Morrissey and Tom Morrison be added.—(Mark Tami.)
Before we come to oral questions, the House will wish to take a moment to remember our former colleague Alex Salmond, who passed away at the weekend.
He served the people of Scotland for over 30 years as a Member of this House, a Member of the Scottish Parliament and, for two terms, First Minister of Scotland.
He was a tireless campaigner for Scottish independence, securing the UK Government’s agreement to the 2014 referendum and playing a leading role in the yes campaign.
His final departure from this House was in 2017, which marked the first occasion in more than three decades that he was not serving in an elected role either here or in Holyrood.
He leaves a deep and lasting legacy behind him.
His sudden death at the weekend came as a complete shock.
The thoughts of this whole House will be with his family and friends at this difficult time.
There will be a short time for tributes following Defence questions.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What progress he has made on the strategic defence review.
When he plans to announce the outcome of the strategic defence review.
The Prime Minister commissioned the strategic defence review within two weeks of taking office.
It will ensure that the UK is secure at home and strong abroad, both now and in years to come.
The review is the first of its  kind in the UK, and I am very grateful to Lord Robertson, General Sir Richard Barrons and Fiona Hill, our three external lead reviewers.
They will make their final report to the Prime Minister, the Chancellor and me in the first half of 2025.
I will report the SCR to Parliament.
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for that answer.