I would be very happy to meet him to see what we can do to support their work further, because we will support Ukraine for as long as it takes.
I call the Father of the House.
In the run-up to the second world war, during an era of increasing international tensions, the Government opened up many new RAF airfields, in what was called the expansion programme.
One of those airfields was RAF Scampton.
Now that we are no longer to have illegal migrants there, this matter is sitting in the Home Office’s in-tray: will the MOD work with the Home Office to ensure that we keep the runway open for future use?
It is one of the best, longest runways in Europe.
Who knows—RAF Scampton might be not just part of the history of the RAF, with the Dambusters and the Red Arrows, but part of the future of the RAF and save us once again.
We will indeed work with the Home Office on the future of RAF Scampton.
I concur with the comments regarding the late Alex Salmond.
My constituent Hannah was refused entry into the RAF due to a prior anterior cruciate ligament injury, which is now fully repaired, recovered and rehabilitated.
Will my hon.
Friend review his Department’s policy on the rehabilitation both of armed forces personnel and applicants graded as medically unfit?
In August, medical standards including on ACL injuries were changed.
Decisions will be made on a case-by-case basis, but I would like to discuss it in more detail in person in due course.
Does the Secretary of State share my incredulity that he has not been told the cost of leasing the facilities in the Chagos?
I do not think the right hon.
Gentleman heard me; I said earlier that the Foreign Secretary had said the other day that the detail of the costs and the agreement will be set out properly before this House when it comes to consider and debate the treaty.
Devonport dockyard in Plymouth is where the UK repairs and maintains our submarine fleet.
In future, there will be even more submarines, and we will need even more infrastructure for that upkeep, so what conversations is the Secretary of State having with the Secretaries of State responsible for housing and transport to deliver that infrastructure to support our increased submarine programme?
I paid tribute to the previous Government when they put in place Team Barrow, in recognition of the fact that the future of its shipyard and submarine building programme was not just a matter for the Ministry of Defence.
I would say the same thing to my hon.
Friend, and I would be pleased to meet him to discuss it further.
In light of the latest Hezbollah attack on Israel, will the Secretary of State assure the House that we will continue to supply defensive equipment to Israel to help it defend itself against Iranian proxies?
We have an unshakeable commitment to the right of Israel to defend itself and we have demonstrated in the past a willingness to stand with Israel, particularly when it has been under direct under attack from Iran.
We now come to points of order before the urgent questions.
I will deal with them in a slightly different way from normal.
I call the leader of the Scottish National party.
3.38 pm
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
In the wee hours of  9 June 2017 , I watched on as the most talented, formidable and consequential politician of his generation—a man who had represented the people of Banff and Buchan, Aberdeenshire East and Gordon; a man who had served for two terms as the First Minister of Scotland—lost his parliamentary seat for the first time in 30 years.