I am grateful for the question, because we know that there is a recruitment and retention crisis in the UK armed forces.
It is precisely for that reason that the Defence Secretary set out at the Labour party conference a series of changes, including scrapping 100 outdated recruitment policies and creating a new direct entry route for cyber.
There is a lot more work to be done in this area, and the Department will be making further announcements in due course.
The 2,000 lb bombs dropped on innocent civilians in Gaza and Lebanon led to the heinous and unimaginable scenes we saw over the weekend of newborn babies being killed and young children being burned alive.
These bombs are being dropped by F-35 fighter jets, and we supply parts for F-35 fighter jets.
When will we stop doing that and adhere to international conventions?
We have made decisions on the suspension of arms sales to Israel, and we have set out the details of those to the House.
We are working, as well as calling, for an immediate ceasefire in Gaza so that all hostages can get out, all the aid needed by the Palestinians can be flooded in, and the first steps can be taken towards the political solution that is ultimately the best guarantor of two states and a permanent peace in the area.
Our first duty as a Government is to keep the nation safe and to protect our citizens, particularly when we are going through a period of global strife and instability, with war in Europe and conflict in the middle east.
Although I am aware of our unshakeable commitment to NATO, will my right hon.
Friend please reassure the House that, when it comes to defence, our relationship with our European allies has not been adversely affected by Brexit?
It is the previous Government who have to answer for the impact of Brexit.
As a new Government, we have set out to rebuild relations with key European allies, especially on defence and security.
Although NATO remains the cornerstone of our European security, there   is an important role for the European Union.
My right hon.
Friend the Foreign Secretary has started discussions with the European Union, as indeed has the Prime Minister, on how we can achieve a greater level of co-operation between the EU and the UK.
I commend the new Veterans Minister for the contact he has already had with the chairman of the War Widows Association, who is with us today in the Special Gallery.
May I request a meeting with him, her and me to try to resolve the situation for the last 49 war widows who have so far been excluded from the payment scheme that we managed to work out for those who unfairly lost their pensions on remarriage?
I thank the right hon.
Member for bringing that up.
Given the amount of his experience, I would love to sit down with him and the chair of the War Widows Association to talk this through in more detail.
In May, I was privileged to join a group called Help99 in driving some pick-up trucks and other military vehicles to Kyiv
for the use of Ukrainian soldiers on the frontline.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how we can make it easier for such groups to deliver vehicles, which are so desperately needed?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend and parliamentary colleagues in all parties for the work they are doing in their constituencies to support our friends in Ukraine.
I would be very happy to meet him to see what we can do to support their work further, because we will support Ukraine for as long as it takes.
I call the Father of the House.
In the run-up to the second world war, during an era of increasing international tensions, the Government opened up many new RAF airfields, in what was called the expansion programme.