We were not friends; we had a professional relationship, I would say.
Sometimes it was cordial, sometimes it was less so, because we disagreed on some pretty fundamental issues.
I always respected Alex as one of the most formidable and, indeed, ruthless political operators of our generation—I think he would welcome that epitaph.
Alex’s greatest political triumph was to be both establishment and anti-establishment at the same time, which is a pretty difficult trick to pull off.
While he was at one moment First Minister of Scotland, he was also agitating to break up the United Kingdom.
While at one minute he was highly critical of the Conservatives, he was also relying on Conservative MSPs in the Scottish Parliament to sustain his minority Administration.
One of my jobs when I was first elected in 2005 was to keep an eye on Alex in the Lobby, because he had a habit of encouraging chats with new Conservative MPs.
His line was that if Scotland were independent, that would be great for them because there would be a perpetual Conservative Government in England.
We have recently seen that that argument is slightly flawed, but I had to ensure that colleagues were not tempted by it.
Alex was a skilled debater, and that was very often demonstrated in this Chamber, despite his expressed wish to leave it.
He had an authenticity and a common touch that are so often absent from modern politics.
That was always very evident when one saw him with his constituents.
I absolutely share the view of  the right hon.
Member for Orkney and Shetland (Mr Carmichael)  on Moira Salmond.
In my dealings with her, she was always a very charming and supportive spouse, and my heart goes out to her and to Alex’s friends and family at this very difficult time.
I call the Chair of the Scottish Affairs Committee.
Further to those points of order, Mr Speaker.
Like my colleagues  the right hon.
Member for Dumfriesshire, Clydesdale and Tweeddale (David Mundell)  and  the hon.
Member for Caithness, Sutherland and Easter Ross (Jamie Stone) , I served with Alec Salmond in the Scottish Parliament from 1999.
Alec did not always stay when we did; sometimes he came back here, but he inevitably came back to Scotland, and he became Scotland’s First Minister.
Of course, even before that, as a Scot interested in politics, I was aware of Alec and of his great strength and courage.
I seem to remember that at one point he was not a member of the SNP, and it is always difficult to rebel against your own party, so all credit to him for doing so then over a point of principle.
I was interested in the point made by the right hon.
Member for Dumfriesshire, Clydesdale and Tweeddale about the Lobby.
I have heard stories from new Labour MPs who were encouraged to think about the way Scotland would be after independence— but for a different reason.
It was suggested to them that Scotland would always vote in a Labour Government if we were to be independent, which just goes to show how astute—and, I suppose, pragmatic—Alec was as a politician.
He was  a great performer in whichever Chamber he was in, and he was always worth listening to.
Obviously, my politics and his were very different, but I shared platforms with him on a number of occasions, and it was always interesting and an education to listen to what he had to say.
My thoughts and prayers go to Moira, of course, and to Gail and the wider family, as well as to all those who knew and loved him.