I refer Members to the Defence Ministers’ meeting joint communication for more details on progress.
The Secretary of State already knows how proud we are in Barrow and Furness to be building our Astute and Dreadnought submarines, and to be part of the AUKUS programme.
I know from our discussions that this Government understand that we need a cross-departmental approach to support the delivery of the AUKUS deal in Barrow and Furness.
Will he comment on the importance of that broad approach, which aims to make Barrow an even better place in which to live, work and raise a family, and will he meet me to discuss that further?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question.
Both the Secretary of State and I have visited Barrow to see not only the incredible innovation in the shipyard there, but the amazing workforce who are putting together the nuclear submarines.
As my hon.
Friend knows, the Government are indeed working across Departments, and with the local council and BAE Systems, to invest heavily not only in the development of the shipyard and the submarine facilities, but in the community that they need.
I would be very happy to meet her and colleagues to discuss this issue further.
The most recent AUKUS Defence Ministers communiqué outlined an investment in industrial capacity, including £7 billion from this Government, and the Royal United Services Institute has said that the winner in any prolonged war will be the country with the most secure industrial base.
Will the Minister expand on his answer to  the right hon.
Member for New Forest East (Sir Julian Lewis)  and describe how this investment in our defence capabilities will strengthen supply chains in places such as Billingham in my constituency?
It is certainly true that armies march on their stomach, and in the event of a larger conflict, it will be the strength of our industrial base that determines the victor.
That is why we are working together with industry to deliver a new defence industrial strategy, in particular to strengthen our resilience and innovation and to harness expertise, including in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
I would be happy to meet him to discuss how we can make the most of those opportunities.
The Minister will know that our AUKUS partners, the United States and Australia, have recently held bilateral discussions with South Korea, Japan, New Zealand and Canada about becoming part of the so-called pillar 2 of AUKUS, and I wonder what bilateral discussions the UK has had on this.
There is an opportunity to work  with many of our partners internationally on pillar 2 opportunities.
Those conversations have been taking place at official level within the Ministry of Defence and at political level, and we are continuing to work to bring those forward because if we want to buy the high-end war-winning kit that we need, the best way of doing that is to work with our partners to ensure not only that we have it but that our allies are able to make the most of it as well.
In the light of the increasing geopolitical threats that we face, can the Minister give an update on the adequacy and resilience of the computer chip supply chain that backs up the UK military?
The hon.
Member is right to highlight the fragility of the international supply chain in that area.
It is very important that Governments in the west, and in the NATO alliance in particular, are able to  onshore production and to “friendly-shore” production—no matter how awkward that term is—to ensure that we are less exposed to threats.
Colleagues in the Department for Business and Trade, as well as MOD colleagues, are looking into that.
More work is needed in this area, but we are acting on it.
What progress he has made on implementing the recommendations of the LGBT veterans independent review.