It was not until I was elected here in 2001 that I got to know Alex personally.
He and I both represented constituencies heavily dependent on the fishing industry, which was then facing an existential crisis, as cod stocks in the North sea collapsed.
At that time, we all had to be experts in the spawning stock biomass of North sea cod, and Alex, with his natural head for figures, could sometimes leave everyone in the room breathless as he interrogated the so-called experts about the statistical basis of what they were proposing to do.
The survival of a Scottish whitefish industry today is in no small part as a result of his efforts then.
It was also in that first Parliament that I met and got to know Alex’s wife Moira.
I do not think it is speaking ill to say that Alex could divide a room; Moira, on the other hand, is someone about whom I have never heard anyone say a bad word.
She has always been unfailingly warm and friendly.
Her devotion to Alex was total and obvious to me from the first moment I met her.
So it is to Moira Salmond today that my thoughts turn.
I can hardly imagine the sense of loss that she must be feeling.
To Moira and the rest of Alex’s family I send my condolences and those of my party as we mourn the passing of Alex Salmond—a man whose like we may never see again.
Further to those points of order, Mr Speaker.
The phrase, “end of an era”, is often bandied about, but Alex’s parting really does feel like the end of an era.
We were not friends; we had a professional relationship, I would say.
Sometimes it was cordial, sometimes it was less so, because we disagreed on some pretty fundamental issues.
I always respected Alex as one of the most formidable and, indeed, ruthless political operators of our generation—I think he would welcome that epitaph.
Alex’s greatest political triumph was to be both establishment and anti-establishment at the same time, which is a pretty difficult trick to pull off.
While he was at one moment First Minister of Scotland, he was also agitating to break up the United Kingdom.
While at one minute he was highly critical of the Conservatives, he was also relying on Conservative MSPs in the Scottish Parliament to sustain his minority Administration.
One of my jobs when I was first elected in 2005 was to keep an eye on Alex in the Lobby, because he had a habit of encouraging chats with new Conservative MPs.
His line was that if Scotland were independent, that would be great for them because there would be a perpetual Conservative Government in England.
We have recently seen that that argument is slightly flawed, but I had to ensure that colleagues were not tempted by it.
Alex was skilled debater, and that was very often demonstrated in this Chamber, despite his expressed wish to leave it.
He had an authenticity and a common touch that are so often absent from modern politics.
That was always very evident when one saw him with his constituents.
I absolutely share the view of  the right hon.
Member for Orkney and Shetland (Mr Carmichael)  on Moira Salmond.
In my dealings with her, she was always a very charming and supportive spouse, and my heart goes out to her and to Alex’s friends and family at this very difficult time.
Further to those points of order, Mr Speaker.
It may come as a surprise to Members that I have a photograph of Alex Salmond in my back hall.
That is because a long time ago, he,  the right hon.
Member for New Forest West (Sir Desmond Swayne)  and I were all members of the Students’ Representative Council of St Andrews University.
It was a sleepy organisation in which we debated this and that.