And yes, we can build, through the SDR, on the work that  the hon.
Member for South Suffolk (James Cartlidge)  did when he was Minister for defence procurement.
Like my hon.
Friend  the Member for South Shields (Mrs Lewell-Buck) , I am really angry about the state of defence after the last Government: there are billion-pound black holes in defence plans; service morale is at record lows; and Army numbers are set to fall below 70,000 next year.
We will work night and day to make our forces more fit to fight, and to make Britain more secure at home and stronger abroad.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
I associate all of us in my party with your comments about the late Alex Salmond.
The most important point about the SDR is that it must not be used as an excuse to delay increasing the defence budget to 2.5% of GDP.
In September, in answers to written questions, the Department said that it would set out a path to spending 2.5% of GDP on defence “as soon as possible”, but last week, at the Dispatch Box, in his middle east statement, the Prime Minister said that the Government would go to 2.5% “in due course”.
We all know that there is a massive difference between the two, so which is it?
The Government are totally committed to spending 2.5% on defence to meet the increasing threat the country faces.
The Prime Minister confirmed that in his first week in office, when he and I were together at the NATO summit in Washington.
Of course, the last time this country spent 2.5% on defence was in 2010 under Labour, and that level was not matched in any one of the 14 years in which the hon.
Gentleman’s party was in power.
That is a concern.
In 2010, just to remind the House, the black hole in the defence budget was bigger than the defence budget, and we were left a note saying that there was no money left.
It is significant if the wording is no longer “as soon as possible” and is now “in due course”.
It is in the national interest to go to 2.5% because of the threats we face as a country.
If the Secretary of State told us now that he was fighting  hard with the Treasury to go to 2.5% in the Budget at the end of this month, he would have our full support.
Is that what he is doing?
Fourteen years, Mr Speaker, yet the Conservatives produced their unfunded plan for 2.5% on defence only four weeks before they called the election.
It was the hon.
Gentleman’s former boss, the Defence Secretary Ben Wallace, who told the truth about their record in government when he said to the House:
“we have hollowed out and underfunded”—[Official Report,  30 January 2023 ; Vol.
727, c. 18.]
our armed forces since 2010.
What steps he is taking to increase military support to Ukraine.
What steps he is taking to increase military support to Ukraine.
This is day 963 of Russia’s brutal, illegal, full-scale invasion of Ukraine.
On my second day in this job, I travelled to Odesa and met President Zelensky, because Ukraine is one of my first-order priorities, just as it is for the Government.
Since then, we have stepped up military aid, sped up the delivery of battlefield supplies, and confirmed that we will supply £3 billion a year in military aid to Ukraine this year, next year, and every year that it takes for Ukraine to prevail.
Medics4Ukraine, a UK-based humanitarian organisation, has delivered more than £3 million-worth of medical aid and training to Ukraine, and its founders, Professor Mark Hannaford and Lucia Altatti, were recently awarded medals for their contribution to that.