In the meantime, we continue to progress the project; indeed, work is continuing across a range of necessary and important defence projects, because we do not want the SDR to be an excuse to slow down progress.
At a time when our troops and allies are operating in difficult and contested environments, we need to ensure that we invest in the kit that we need.
That is what the SDR will set out: the future shape of the UK armed forces.
What plans he has for future levels of spending on defence research and development.
Defence R&D is critical to maximising the operational advantage of our armed forces.
In an increasingly volatile and technology-driven world, the Department remains committed to investing in cutting-edge science, technology and innovation.
Just after my appointment to the Department, I was delighted to visit the commando training centre in the hon.
Member’s constituency to see the innovative training and capabilities of the future commando force.
Frontier technologies such as artificial intelligence are already shaping every domain across the modern battlefield.
To stay ahead of our adversaries and keep our service personnel and allies safe, it is imperative that we have the domestic ability to develop  these technologies.
As supercomputing is essential  for the development of advanced AI systems, it was disappointing to see the Labour Government pull the plug on the University of Edinburgh’s £800 million exascale supercomputing project.
From listening to the Secretary of State and his team, I know that they understand the need to invest in AI for defence, so will the Minister please inform the House how the Department intends to create these technologies when his party’s demand signal to academia and industry appears to be wavering?
I welcome the hon.
Gentleman to the House.
As a fellow Devon MP, I believe it is important that we have a strong voice on defence, so I am grateful for his question.
The new Government have been very clear that we see AI playing a really important role not just in defence, but across a whole range of technologies.
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Science, Innovation and Technology is leading on much of that work in his Department.
AI and related technologies are being looked at in relation to the strategic defence review, where we need not only to upscale the innovative work that is already being done by UK technologies, but to provide the skills and the supply chain to ensure that we can continue to deliver, learning the lessons from what we are seeing in Ukraine, in particular.
Ministers repeatedly state their commitment to reaching a spending level of 2.5% of GDP on defence, but they simply will not tell the House when they will do so.
It is no surprise that we are already hearing reports of potential cuts to programmes in defence R&D. Will the Minister simply rule out cuts to defence R&D and science spending in this financial year and the next?
As a Government, we are committed to spending 2.5% of GDP on defence.
We have set out clearly that that will be announced at a future fiscal event.
I must say that I am a wee bit disappointed, because I would have expected the Opposition Front Benchers to stand up and apologise for the mess that they have left not just the armed forces, but the wider economy.
The Government are committed to spending 2.5% of GDP on defence.
We are committed to investing in our armed forces, and we will continue to do so.
May I concur with your comments about the late Alex Salmond, Mr Speaker?
The exchange of research and development between Ukraine and the UK is vital to improve the security of both countries.
What steps is the Department taking to learn from the innovative technologies from the battlefield to develop shared collaborative capabilities?
I congratulate the hon.
Lady on her appointment as a shadow spokesperson.