Friend and neighbour  the Member for Taunton and Wellington (Mr Amos)  would agree.
We need also to secure the number 25 and 28 bus services in the north of the constituency and look carefully at rural bus routes to service the villages of Exmoor, such as Exford, Withypool and Winsford, along with local towns, particularly Wiveliscombe.
Those will be key parts of that new plan for the local area.
Poor public transport provision creates a particular barrier to schoolchildren and students in Tiverton and Minehead.
Some have no bus to take them to school, no way to walk to school or no way to cycle to get there.
Other than the small A-level provision at West Somerset college, there is no—I repeat, no—sixth-form provision in my constituency.
Students have to travel to Exeter, Taunton or Bridgwater if they wish to pursue their studies.
That limits their aspirations and ability to succeed.
Shockingly, West Somerset ranks 324th out of 324 on the social mobility index, and such transport problems explain some of why that is.
However, teachers and heads of primary schools across the constituency and of secondary schools in Tiverton, Minehead, Williton and Uffculme do not lack aspiration for their pupils.
They are working daily to improve access to better education.
That includes campaigning to have facilities worthy of 21st-century educational standards.
The first letter I wrote, within days of getting elected on  5 July , was to our new Secretary of State for Education, asking for a meeting to discuss the dire state of Tiverton high school.
Nearly 25 years ago—I repeat, 25 years ago —Tiverton high school was promised a new build.
The previous Labour Government put it on their priority list.
The last Conservative Government sat on their hands and did nothing.
The school is deemed by the Environment Agency to be a “danger of death” from flooding.
There is asbestos in the sports hall, and children are being taught in dining and communal areas.
It has capacity for 1,300 pupils but needs capacity for 1,800.
Given the pledges made by our new Prime Minister and his commitment to schools, I know that I will get a fair hearing from the Secretary of State for Education.
I hope that she will agree to meet a delegation of staff, parents and children from Tiverton high school in the near future.
Community plays a crucial role in Tiverton and Minehead.
There are wonderful organisations providing support and help, from community food banks to support groups for carers, to Rotary clubs, conservation groups and the environmental networks with which I work to monitor and prevent the pollution in our rivers and on our beaches.
Those organisations all make Tiverton and Minehead the wonderful, beautiful, special part of the UK that it is.
When they meet to discuss important community issues, the Terrorism (Protection of Premises) Bill will ensure that they are safe.
However, my party has previously had concerns about the impact on smaller-scale venues; I am delighted to hear today that the approach is more light touch than expected.
As a former director of the National Farmers Union, I have a deep passion for and understanding of my local farming community, who are spread across the constituency  and facing harder challenges than they have for generations.
That is thanks to the disastrous Brexit deal foisted upon them by the previous Conservative Government.
In the face of climate change, increased rainfall, dryer summers and the rising cost of energy, they battle on.
To them I say, “I will always back my farming community.
Let’s work together to secure a future for farming across Exmoor, West Somerset and mid Devon.
Come to my monthly farmers’ surgeries so that I can represent my farming community to the very best of my abilities.”
Becoming an MP has been my ambition since I was 17, when I joined the Liberal party at school.