It was not until I was elected here in 2001 that I got to know Alex personally.
He and I both represented constituencies heavily dependent on the fishing industry, which was then facing an existential crisis, as cod stocks in the North sea collapsed.
At that time, we all had to be experts in the spawning stock biomass of North sea cod, and Alex, with his natural head for figures, could sometimes leave everyone in the room breathless as he interrogated the so-called experts about the statistical basis of what they were proposing to do.
The survival of a Scottish whitefish industry today is in no small part a result of his efforts then.
It was also in that first Parliament that I met and got to know Alex’s wife Moira.
I do not think it is speaking ill to say that Alex could divide a room; Moira, on the other hand, is someone about whom I have never heard anyone say a bad word.
She has always been unfailingly warm and friendly.
Her devotion to Alex was total and obvious to me from the first moment I met her.
So it is to Moira Salmond today that my thoughts turn.
I can hardly imagine the sense of loss that she must be feeling.
To Moira and the rest of Alex’s family I send my condolences and those of my party as we mourn the passing of Alex Salmond—a man whose like we may never see again.
Further to those points of order, Mr Speaker.
Very, very few people in this House change history; most of us are moved by it rather than moving it ourselves.
Alex Salmond was an exception to that, as we have heard from all the people—mostly his opponents—who have spoken well of him today.
He was a brilliant speaker, passionate about social justice and particularly passionate about his own country and his wish for independence and the Scottish nationalist agenda.
He was fiercely brave—something that we often miss in this place.
He was willing to challenge every established power structure.
He was incredibly energetic, erudite, intelligent and a brilliant leader.
As a result, he achieved the things we have heard about.
The Scottish nationalist cause went from what was frankly a minority interest to being a central part of Scottish politics, and indeed of United Kingdom politics.
He changed them all—something that very few of us will be able to do.
It was a tragedy that at the end of Alex’s career his own party and Government turned on him.
I am not going to elaborate on that today; this is not the right place for that.
But I will put on the record the comment made today by his lawyer, David McKie, who represented him through those really difficult times of his life.
Mr McKie said:
“Alex’s courage and strength of character over the three-year period, from the Scottish Government launching an unlawful process against him, throughout his criminal trial in which he was cleared of all charges by a jury of his peers, to his unimpeachable evidence to the parliamentary inquiry, was absolutely incredible.
What he endured—the apparatus of the state turning against him—would have broken many people, but not Alex… I will always remember a truly incredible human being, with remarkable insight, strength of personality and a stoic restraint which many others could not contemplate.”
Alex was a very proud son of Scotland, but he was also a son of this House, of whom we ourselves should be proud.
I finish by offering my condolences and heartfelt wishes to Moira, the rest of his family and all his wide circle of friends.
Further to those points of order, Mr Speaker.
It was with a sense of disbelief that we heard the news on Saturday afternoon; we all had to double-check that people were referring to the Alec Salmond whom we have all got to know so well.