What steps is the Department taking to learn from the innovative technologies from the battlefield to develop shared collaborative capabilities?
I congratulate the hon.
Lady on her appointment as a shadow spokesperson.
I was in Ukraine a few weeks ago leading a trade delegation of British companies looking at precisely the issue of how we can learn from the battlefield experience of Ukraine, making sure that for the new technologies needed there, we  can invest in the supply chain—not only in the UK, but in Ukraine—to make it more resilient.
A lot of work is   ongoing in this area, but we will need to do more.
If we are to defeat Putin’s illegal invasion, we will need not only to restock our own supply chain, but to accelerate the provision of innovative tech to Ukraine.
That is what this Government are committed to doing.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
The middle east continues to be a major focus for the Government.
Last week, we passed one year since the horrifying Hamas terror attack on Israel.
We marked the memory of those who were murdered, we grieved with the families of the hostages who are still held, and we share the agony of so many Palestinians over the civilians who have been killed since.
We are working on an immediate ceasefire in Gaza.
In Lebanon we are working to reduce the risk of further escalation, and a ceasefire and the UN plan for a buffer zone are vital to that.
In addition, last week I visited British troops in Cyprus, where contingency plans are in place to deal with further developments.
On behalf of the House, I thank them for their professionalism and their dedication.
Can my right hon.
Friend outline what steps the Government are taking to ensure that every veteran who has bravely served this country has access to safe and secure housing, so that they never face the injustice of homelessness?
As I mentioned before, Op FORTITUDE is up and running.
It is doing exceptionally well, with over 2,000 referrals and 700 veterans finding housing, and we will work to continue that programme for the foreseeable future.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Thousands of children of armed forces personnel face unaffordable increases to their school fees because of this Government’s ideological decision to charge VAT on education.
That could have the perverse effect of forcing experienced personnel to quit the service of their country just when we should be seeking to maximise retention.
Will the Minister therefore confirm that children of armed forces families will be exempt from the new VAT rise, and furthermore that that exemption will apply from January when the new tax kicks in?
We recognise the extraordinary strain that is sometimes placed on the family of armed forces personnel, including their children.
That is why the continuity of education allowance—an important part of the package that reflects and respects the service—is in place, and it is why we are looking very closely at options to ensure we continue with that.
Earlier this month, a Royal Navy investigation found intolerable misogyny in the submarine service,  following complaints of bullying and sexual harassment.
Forward Assist, a charity based in my constituency that supports survivors, has done research and a number of reports into the prevalence and impact of military sexual trauma.
Will the Secretary of State meet me and that charity to discuss its findings, and how we can support serving personnel and veterans?
I would love to visit that charity with my hon.
Friend in due course.
Any reports of misogyny or wrongdoing in any way are utterly unacceptable.
That is why since entering government we have started a programme of raising our standards with a plan to enact cultural change across defence, with the aim of making defence the best place to work across Government.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.