Colleagues in the Department for Business and Trade, as well as MOD colleagues, are looking into that.
More work is needed in this area, but we are acting on it.
What progress he has made on implementing the recommendations of the LGBT veterans independent review.
If you will allow me to say so, Mr Speaker, it is with great pride that I stand behind this Dispatch Box for the first time, after 24 years of service, to represent veterans, serving personnel and their families and dependants.
Be under no illusion: it is now my duty to serve them here in Government and to fight for the deal that they deserve.
I was serving when the ban was lifted in 2000 by a Labour Government.
The treatment of LGBT veterans was completely and utterly unacceptable.
The treatment of LGBT veterans has been dealt with by the Etherton review, which we will see out at the end of the year.
We have met 32 of the 49 recommendations and we will meet those on the financial redress scheme by the end of this year, with a launch in January next year.
LGBT veterans have suffered appalling injustice and ingratitude, including many in my Brighton Kemptown and Peacehaven constituency.
I welcome the update from the Minister, but he will know that it is recommendation 28 on financial redress and compensation that is causing concern among veterans.
Because the report caps compensation at £50 million, the average payment per veteran might be as low as £12,500.
The then Prime Minister, now the Leader of the Opposition, rightly told the House that the ban was
“an appalling failure of the British state”.—[Official Report,  19 July 2023 ; Vol.
736, c. 897.]
Will the Minister meet me and Fighting With Pride to discuss how we can take this forward to get fair and swift compensation?
I know that a significant number of my hon.
Friend’s constituents are affected by this completely unacceptable and highly regrettable policy.
I met Fighting With Pride and Lord Etherton just last week.
I will meet them again and I will meet my hon.
Friend to talk through the detail.
I can confirm that Defence is working with experts across Government to establish an appropriate financial redress scheme.
That scheme will launch this year and I will update the House in due course.
What steps he is taking to help secure the future of the UK’s defences.
What steps he is taking to help secure the future of the UK’s defences.
The strategic defence review will consider all aspects of defence so that the United Kingdom is both secure at home and strong abroad.
It will ensure that defence is central to both the security and the economic growth and prosperity of our homeland.
The SDR will set out a deliverable and affordable plan within the trajectory of spending 2.5% of GDP on defence.
The Department’s future capability innovation programme accelerates innovation in operational capability.
Given its success in delivering rapidly prototyped drones to Ukraine, and in growing the UK drone sector as part of the process, how will the Minister make sure that the lessons learned from the programme are adopted across defence procurement, especially in areas such as cyber-security and artificial intelligence, to ensure that innovation is rapidly operationalised and that a higher proportion of the work goes to British small and medium-sized enterprises?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for her question and for championing the country’s tech sectors.
She is absolutely right that the experience we are seeing in Ukraine means that we need to innovate faster, have more spiral development and bring more talent into these sectors.
We have a good record of doing so, not just on drones but on AI and directed energy systems, where we have our own capabilities.