Friend for her question and for championing the country’s tech sectors.
She is absolutely right that the experience we are seeing in Ukraine means that we need to innovate faster, have more spiral development and bring more talent into these sectors.
We have a good record of doing so, not just on drones but on AI and directed energy systems, where we have our own capabilities.
We are now working with NATO, Five Eyes and AUKUS partners to ensure that we learn from that and to make sure that it is not just our big defence primes but the entire supply chain, including small businesses and start-ups, that benefits.
It was a huge pleasure to welcome my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State to the Nepalese community centre in Burnt Oak this summer to talk to Gurkha veterans about the issues they face.
Does the Minister agree that the Gurkha Regiment has an important role to play in the future of the UK’s defence?
Will he outline what steps the Ministry of Defence is taking to address the failures of the previous Government in supporting Gurkha veterans, and will he meet me to discuss these issues?
The Government greatly value the contribution that the Gurkhas continue to make in supporting the UK’s security and defence, and we take our responsibility to Gurkha veterans very seriously.
The Government remain committed to supporting them and their families during and after their service with the British Army.
The Minister for Veterans and People is shortly to meet the ambassador of Nepal and Gurkha veteran representatives to continue that work.
As the Minister will know, the Royal Fleet Auxiliary industrial dispute is putting our national security at risk.
Does he think it is a betrayal of our defence that Labour puts generous settlements for their rail paymasters over the small number of seafarers who keep us safe?
I think the hon.
Gentleman can do better than that, to be honest.
It is important that we support not only those who serve in all our forces, but those in the Royal Fleet Auxiliary.
Discussions are ongoing to try to resolve the industrial action that started under  the last Government, and I want to thank all those who serve in the Royal Navy, in the Royal Fleet Auxiliary and in civilian roles.
It is the whole team that matters, and they all matter to this Government.
Many of my constituents work in the defence sector, with RNAS Yeovilton based in Glastonbury and Somerton, Thales operating from Templecombe, and Leonardo based nearby.
However, the “Delivering the Defence Workforce of the Future” report revealed that 77% of key decision makers and influencers in the sector believe that a shortage of science, technology, engineering and maths skills will deteriorate the UK’s defence capabilities.
What steps will the Minister take to address this shortage and to secure the UK’s defence?
I am grateful for the contribution of south-west defence companies to our national defence.
As a south-west MP, I know it is important.
If we are to have sustainable defence, we need not only our armed forces but our supply chain to invest in skills on a sustainable, long-term basis.
Short-term contracts do not contribute to that, which is one of the reasons why, as part of our defence industrial strategy and the strategic defence review, we are looking longer term at how to make sure we have the skills we need for both those who serve and those who support those who serve.
There is a lot of work to do in this area.
I call the shadow Minister.
As a rifleman, I know the importance of training for military operations; it ensures readiness, lethality and survivability.
In addition to the recent announcement that there is no firm timeline for spending 2.5% of GDP, possible cuts to the training budget have been mentioned.