first SS Panzer Corps. This was not our fight alone. Field monitor, Montgomery's, 21st Army Group was rushed from the north, and Patton's Third Army would make a heroic and simply amazing 48 hour drive to turn itself and move towards Bastogne and the Battle of the Bulge, our alliance was focused and it was moving towards the fight. But ladies and gentlemen, this is a human endeavor. It's the story of humans that made the difference here 80 years ago in the North. The furthest the Nazis would get was within five commit five kilometers of the Meuse river. You see there. They encountered the Third Royal Tank Regiment of 30th British Corps, and they encountered Sergeant Frederick Prover operating a lone Firefly Sherman tank. He engaged the lead elements, destroying a mark four, a half track and a German fuel truck. His actions would allow the allies in the north three group and counterattack the next day, ceasing the Movement West Patton's Army advanced to Bastogne in it private. James Hendricks, only 17 years old at the time of the fourth Armored Division came under attack from two Nazi 88 he got out of his vehicle, and he rushed shows with his rifle, forcing both of the crews of those guns to surrender. In the meantime, two of his fellow soldiers were wounded. He fought off those attackers, and he recovered those two wounded men. The column began to move again, and a fuel truck exploded after being hit. He rushed forward and pulled the driver to safety and put out the flames on that driver for his actions that day, Private Hendrix would earn the Medal of Honor. Sergeant Lester Courts, Private Ralph Ellis and Sergeant George Carroll were all separated from their units during the fight. They would survive the battle of the bulge. They survived because the heroic actions of French, Belgian, and Luxembourg citizens who came to the raid, Marician and Elise Goble, Louis Stein, Martz and Mr. and Mrs. Jean, Pereira, and Baltashier. They hid, they cared for, and eventually returned these soldiers to friendly lines, all at great personal risk. This fight was about people. It is people that make up our alliances. It is the soldiers and the citizens that we came here to liberate, that all came together in the cause of freedom. But today, ladies and gentlemen, we stand in Bastogne, the landing ground of the troopers of the 100 and first airborne. They were offered the simplest instructions for their mission, hold the vital crossroads and don't let that stone be taken. They arrived here not by not by parachute, as they'd arrived at every battle before Europe. But they arrived here by truck. But they arrived with the same determination that they had been at Normandy, the same fighting spirit that had carried them into the Netherlands in the face of overwhelming German forces, they accomplished their mission. The siege of Bastogne pitted these high these lightly armed paratroopers against the armored might of the 47th Panzer Corps. But