ADDRESS OF MAJOR GENERAL PETER ANDRYSIAK Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, inspiring remarks were presented by Major General Peter Andrysiak EUCOM Chief of Staff on December 14, 2024, for the Commemoration of the 80th Anniversary of the Battle of the Bulge at Luxembourg American Cemetery. Americans are grateful for the proven competence of the American military. Good morning, Grand Duke Henri, Grand Duchess, King Philippe, Queen Mathilde, Prime Minister Frieden, Speaker Claude Wiseler, President Roberta Metsola of the European Parliament, Prime Minister Alexander de Croo, Ambassador Nelson, Secretary Djou, honorable Members of Congress, Ambassador Thomas Barrett, Commissioner Matthew Jones, distinguished guests, allies and partners, and most importantly, to our honored veterans that are with us here today, welcome today this sacred place we gather to honor the legacy of those who fought in the Battle of the Bulge. And it's a privilege to stand here among you in this solemn 80th anniversary, a moment to reflect on the courage and sacrifice that secured freedom that we cherish today. 80 years ago, in the depths of the Ardennes winter on the ground that we stand on, bore witness to extraordinary courage and unimaginable sacrifice. Young soldiers faced not only a relentless enemy fire, but also the freezing temperatures and the snow-covered terrain against the possible odds, they stood firm, not just for their own countries, but for the liberty of millions. Their fight was for something greater, a vision of a Free Europe and a better future. And so today was we commemorate their bravery, we reaffirm our gratitude for their sacrifice and the unity that made victory possible. For me, this commemoration is profoundly personal. My parents, like many millions in Europe, endured unimaginable horrors of World War Two. My father, orphaned by the Nazi tyranny when his mother was put in prison, was liberated by the Allied Forces who fought here in the Ardennes. His father, a man I never knew, perished in a concentration camp. My mother and her family were forced out of the Sudetenland and into forced labor camps and eventually granted refugee status in Germany. But the journey was a grueling one, and her father never survived it. Another man that I never had the opportunity to know. So these tragedies, like so many others, were the reality of life under the oppression during the war, yet their liberation and the liberation of millions came at the hands