The commission publishes information about donations to ensure transparency, and it has powers to sanction political parties that accept impermissible foreign donations.
It has highlighted that the political finance system is vulnerable to unlawful influence from donations overseas and in the UK, and it has recommended that parties should be required to know not just who a donor is but where the money for the donation is coming from.
It has also recommended that parties have policies in place to manage the risk of receiving money from unlawful sources.
The commission has said that parties should not be permitted to accept donations from companies that exceed their profits made in the UK.
The executive director of Spotlight on Corruption, Susan Hawley, says that the Tory UK Government’s “abject failure” to take decisive action on overseas donations is concerning our allies.
She also says that elections are at risk of interference from Russia and other hostile states after the Government opposed the move to require political parties to verify and disclose the source of political donations.
What steps is the commission taking to prevent overseas donations from hostile states that undermine electoral law?
Has the commission asked the security services to undertake a review of political finance?
Speaking as a representative of the Speaker’s Committee on the Electoral Commission, it would be a matter for the security services to make a full assessment of whether unlawful foreign money has been used to campaign in UK elections.
However, political parties must report when they are given an unlawful donation and return it to the donor.
In addition, the commission carries out checks on permissibility on a sample of donations and has the power to sanction  political parties that accept impermissible foreign donations.
The commission has said that it takes all possible steps within the current regulatory framework to prevent unlawful foreign money from entering UK politics, and it publishes information about donations to ensure transparency.
It has the powers to sanction, but it cannot take enforcement actions against organisations based outside the UK.
The commission will continue to recommend changes to ensure that voters can have greater confidence in political finance in the UK.
The hon.
Member for South West Bedfordshire, representing the Church Commissioners was asked—
What discussions the Church of England has had with churches in Uganda following the passage of the Anti-Homosexuality Act 2023 in that country.
The Archbishop of Canterbury has written directly to Archbishop Kaziimba of Uganda reminding him of the commitment made by the Anglican communion to treat every person with the care and respect they deserve as children of God and that the communion opposes the criminalisation of LGBT+ people.
The Archbishop of Canterbury has said that the Act was a fundamental departure from the commitment to uphold the freedom and dignity of all people; it was not in our resolutions, not in our teachings and not in the Gospel of Jesus we share together.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his response and for the concern shared by the Archbishop of Canterbury.
What more can the Church say to Anglicans across the UK who do not in any way, shape or form believe the death penalty for any crime is compatible with Christian teaching, and to those members of the LGBT community who are rightly horrified by events in Uganda?
I very much understand my hon.
Friend’s concern on this issue, which is shared by many others.
As I am sure he knows, each province of the Anglican communion is autonomous.
In 2016, however, the primates in the Anglican communion reaffirmed the rejection of criminal sanctions against same sex-attracted people and committed to respecting the dignity and value of every person.
It is hard to see how the position taken by the Church of Uganda aligns with the 2016 agreement.