As I am sure he knows, each province of the Anglican communion is autonomous.
In 2016, however, the primates in the Anglican communion reaffirmed the rejection of criminal sanctions against same sex-attracted people and committed to respecting the dignity and value of every person.
It is hard to see how the position taken by the Church of Uganda aligns with the 2016 agreement.
If the Church of England will make an assessment of the potential merits of refusing to ordain clergy who do not personally recognise the ordination of women as diocesan bishops.
The Church of England is fully committed to all orders of ministry being open equally to all without reference to gender.
The Church is also committed to ensuring that those who cannot in good  conscience receive the ministry of women priests or bishops are able to flourish; the five guiding principles of the House of Bishops are the basis for this mutual flourishing and all candidates for ordination have to assent to them.
It is now 29 years since we had the first woman priest and nine years since the first female bishop was appointed in our established Church of England.
It therefore seems to me that there have been many years to adapt to treating women as equals in the sight of God.
Given that, is it really appropriate for the Church of England to continue appointing clergy, as happened recently in Blackburn, who have not accepted and who will never personally accept the ordination of women?
I can tell the right hon.
Lady that a new body was established last year to review how the five guiding principles are being understood, implemented and received in the Church and that it has a balanced membership of bishops, clergy and laity who reflect all views on these matters.
I call the Father of the House.
I speak as a supporter of WATCH, the Women and the Church group.
The Church Commissioners should understand that either the Church of England gets rid of what ought to have been temporary exemptions from the Equality Act 2010 or Parliament will do that for it.
Does my hon.
Friend understand that other MPs who are interested in full equality for women would like to meet the Church Commissioners before we consider what other action we might take?
I have very clearly heard what my hon.
Friend the Father of the House and indeed the very respected Chair of the Home Affairs Committee,  the right hon.
Member for Kingston upon Hull North (Dame Diana Johnson)  have just said.
The Church will have heard that as well and we are of course available for meetings at any time.
What recent steps the Church of England has taken to help protect freedom of religion and belief in other countries.
I am pleased to tell my hon.
Friend, who serves with distinction as the Prime Minister’s special envoy for freedom of religion or belief, that the United Nations Security Council has recently adopted a resolution to produce an annual report on freedom of religion and belief.
It was sponsored by the United Kingdom and the United Arab Emirates, and the resolution was based on the Bishop of Truro’s review and incorporates many of his original recommendations.
That is indeed a very positive development.
My hon.
Friend will have seen another report, produced by former BBC reporter David Campanale and other FORB experts for the International Religious Freedom or Belief Alliance, which I chair, on the ongoing major violence in Manipur, India.
It indicates that since early  May alone hundreds of churches there have been destroyed, many burnt to the ground; more than 100 people have been killed and over 50,000 displaced; and schools and seminaries have been targeted in what looks like systematic and premeditated attacks with religion a key factor.
There has been very little reporting about this.