I said that I wanted to tackle rough sleeping.
I am pleased to say that, over the past three and a half years, I think around £5 million—possibly a bit less or a bit more—for this issue has gone to Watford.
I have really fought for that and worked with Government to achieve it.
It meant that, in Watford, we went from having 70 to 80 people on the streets every night over decades, to zero at one point in the past couple of years.
I think we are at around five to 10 people now; one person on the streets is too many, so we need to make sure that we support them.
Yes, I could get the Government funding; I could get support for the issue, and push and champion it; but really, this action was sparked by a gentleman called Matthew Heasman at New Hope UK, a fantastic local charity, and Rob Edmonds.
Matthew got me involved from day one of the pandemic.
He helped me to get the Government to make sure that we could get everyone in and that has continued.
The team at One YMCA have been phenomenal in making sure that we deliver on that and have a process that really supports people; Guy Foxell and Mark Turner enabled that.
Outside Watford, there are, sadly, still more rough sleepers.
So I am working with Hand on Heart, which is a fantastic charity that works from Watford, to support others in other constituencies.
On business, I would love to go more into the list of businesses that I have visited, but the big one for me was making sure that we supported our hospitality sector.
Last year, there was a risk to Pryzm nightclub, which I held a debate on in this Chamber and I also presented a petition on it.
The nightclub was saved, thanks to the work that I did with the team there, who were phenomenal, especially David Vickery; they were incredible.
The reason that work was so important is that it supported our night-time economy.
It protected our taxi drivers, making sure that they had people to drive home every night.
We have about 1,500 to 3,000 people coming into Watford just to use the night-time economy, and Pryzm nightclub is at the heart of that.
Even one of our own Doorkeepers met his wife there, so there is definitely a Westminster link there.
Also challenging from a business perspective was making sure that we continued to fight the nonsense from the Mayor of London around ULEZ, because that will cost my constituents a lot of money, especially those who are struggling.
On tackling crime, I am pleased to say that, thanks to the work with the local police and our police and crime commissioner, we have a new police station coming later in the year, which is fantastic news.
Our current police station is in a place called Shady Lane, so I am a bit upset that we are losing the Shady Lane police station, but the new one will be much more modern and suitable for our fantastic new police officers and our fantastic team.
I would also like to formally welcome our new police chief inspector, Andy Wiseman, and all of the new police officers who were secured across Hertfordshire—more than 300 extra police officers, I think, which is fantastic.
I also thank them for the support that they have given me when I have been out on dawn raids.
There is always a bit of a panic when they say the address that the police are going to raid, because there is the worry that your house will be mentioned.
Thankfully, that has not happened so far.