The Bishop of Durham, who co-chaired the commission, wants to see every deanery in the Church of England offering the very best marriage preparation to all couples, and for the Church to support their relationships at every life stage.
Sitting suspended.
Will the Leader of the House give us the forthcoming business?
The business for the week commencing  4 September  will be:
Monday 4 September —Consideration of Lords amendments to the Economic Crime and Corporate Transparency Bill, followed by Committee of the whole House and remaining stages of the Northern Ireland Budget (No.
2) Bill.
Tuesday 5 September —Remaining stages of the Energy Bill [Lords].
Wednesday 6 September —If necessary, consideration of Lords message to the Northern Ireland Troubles (Legacy and Reconciliation) Bill, followed by an Opposition day (18th allotted day second part) debate in the name of the official Opposition, subject to be announced.
Thursday 7 September —Debate on a motion on hormone pregnancy tests, followed by a general debate on funding for the prevention of fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 8 September —The House will not be sitting.
The provisional business for the week commencing  11 September  includes:
Monday 11 September —Consideration of Lords amendments to the Online Safety Bill.
I thank the Leader of the House for the forthcoming business, but I am disappointed that two pieces of important House business seem to be missing.
First, there was no mention of when MPs will get to debate and vote on the Commission’s proposals to introduce a new process for dealing with MPs accused of violent or sexual offences.
The Leader of the House was not able to answer me when I asked about the matter last week, so I would be grateful if she could do so today.
She and I have worked hard on this together, as well as with you, Mr Speaker, the commissioners, staff and the trade unions.
We cannot lose momentum.
I know the Leader of the House agrees with me that the proposed new mechanism is needed to reduce the risk of harm to all those who work on and visit the parliamentary estate, so will she give us some clarity, show all the people listening that we are making progress and tell us when the House will get the chance to vote on it?
I am also concerned that the Leader of the House has still not announced when the House will consider the Standards Committee’s report on the conduct of  the right hon.
Member for Tamworth (Christopher Pincher) , the findings of which are shocking.
Colleagues and staff have been asking when the House will get the opportunity to approve the report and endorse the sanction.
He has brought this House into disrepute and frankly should no longer be a Member of it.
Will the Leader of the House tell us whether she knows if the Member will be resigning or if he has appealed the Committee’s sanction?
Either way, she could table the motion as a remaining order, even without a date attached.
When will she bring forward a motion so that the House can vote and move on?
I wish all Members, Members’ staff, House staff and everyone who works on the parliamentary estate a very happy summer recess.
As we come to the end of term and head back to work in our own communities, it is worth reflecting on what the Government have achieved—or not—this year.
People I have been speaking to up and down the country are simply fed up.
Nothing works in this country any more, and the Tories have simply given up doing anything about it.