Let me start by saying how much I enjoy our exchange every week, and how disappointed I should be if it were, indeed, to be our last.
However, I feel that it is my duty to point out to the hon.
Lady the error of what she asserts.
She talks about denying the people of Scotland a choice in respect of their future.
We are the Government who gave the Scottish people, as well as other residents of the United Kingdom, a vote on their future, in respect of both Scottish independence and Brexit.
The difference between the hon.
Lady’s party and mine is that we honour the results of referendums.
I know that the hon.
Lady and her party have been campaigning hard on the two- child policy this week, so let me illustrate the powers and the opportunities that sit in her party’s hands.
It may interest her to know that the projected black hole in the SNP’s budget, identified by the Scottish Fiscal Commission as a huge £1.9 billion in the next four years, is enough money not only to reverse that policy in Scotland, but to reverse it for the whole of the UK.
As a Minister at the Department for Work and Pensions, I was amazed at the lengths to which the SNP would go not to take control over many aspects of welfare policy that we wished to devolve to it, choosing instead to criticise the UK Government for the decisions that they were making.
The hon.
Lady’s party is in power in Scotland.
It pains me that it is in power, but it is and has been for many years, so it is time that its Members took some responsibility.
Earlier this week, in the Pakistani province of Sindh, two Hindu temples were ransacked and 30 women and children were taken hostage by armed insurgents.
They are claiming that until a young Pakistani woman, Seema Haider, who wishes to marry an Indian man, returns to Pakistan, they will not release the women and children.
The Human Rights Commission of Pakistan has condemned the move.
May I ask my right hon.
Friend to urge the Foreign Secretary to make the strongest possible representations to the Pakistani authorities to ensure that the women and children are freed and returned to their homes and loved ones immediately?
I thank my hon.
Friend for bringing the House’s attention to a very serious situation, as he so often does.
He is the second highest attender of business questions, and he always raises important matters.
We are deeply concerned about this situation.
I will make sure that the Foreign Secretary is fully aware of it, and we urge the Pakistani authorities to investigate any allegations fully, prosecute those responsible, and provide justice for the victims and their families.
I call the Chair of the Backbench Business Committee.
Perhaps I am the next most prolific attender.
I thank the Leader of the House for the business statement and, in particular, for announcing the Backbench Business for the week beginning  Monday 4 September .
If we are awarded the time, we shall have a very interesting topic to debate on  Thursday 14 September , namely the relationship between football and early-onset dementia.
The application for that debate is well subscribed.
I also thank the Leader of the House for writing to the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport on my behalf following last week’s exchange.
That was an important topic as well, and it was referred to earlier this morning during questions to the Secretary of State.
You may remember, Mr Speaker, that  21 April  is my birthday—a birthday that I shared with Her late Majesty the Queen.
On  21 April  this year, I wrote to the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities raising the serious concerns of constituents who continue to be affected by ongoing fire safety concerns following the Grenfell Tower tragedy.