That was an important topic as well, and it was referred to earlier this morning during questions to the Secretary of State.
You may remember, Mr Speaker, that  21 April  is my birthday—a birthday that I shared with Her late Majesty the Queen.
On  21 April  this year, I wrote to the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities raising the serious concerns of constituents who continue to be affected by ongoing fire safety concerns following the Grenfell Tower tragedy.
I have not had the birthday present of a reply since  21 April .
I had sought the Secretary of State’s advice on how leaseholders should proceed when a developer had signed up to the Government’s much-publicised charter but then refused to pay for the cost of any initial surveys to ascertain what works need to be done.
Many hundreds of leaseholders in Gateshead are stuck in limbo, unable to sell or pay for remedial works and unable to pay for surveys.
Will the Leader of the House please ask the Secretary of State to respond to my request on behalf of my constituents?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his top attendance at business questions and for the helpful advert for future debates and opportunities to secure them.
I am sorry that he has not yet received a response—that is well out of time.
Given that we are going into recess and these are issues that all our constituents will be facing, I shall contact the Secretary of State, as the hon.
Gentleman requests, and ask him to update colleagues, perhaps by a “Dear colleague” letter, so that we know the best advice to give our constituents on these important matters.
May we have a debate on the importance of local high streets, so that I can express my opposition to ideas floated by BYM Capital to redevelop the Spires shopping centre in Barnet High Street?
The plans involve too many flats and buildings that are far too high, and unless they are changed, they must be rejected.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for her focus on matters that I am sure are of great concern to her constituents.
She will know that successive Conservative Administrations have felt it important to devolve powers down to a local level, to give local residents more control over shaping their local plan and the design guides that accompany it.
She raises an important point and I know that she will be campaigning on behalf of her constituents to ensure that the right decision is taken.
Summer holidays should be a time for children to get out and about and enjoy themselves, but almost half of parents say that the cost of living crisis has had a negative impact on the number of opportunities their children have to be physically active and to take part in sport.
May we have a debate, in Government time, on the impact of the cost of living crisis on the ability of children, particularly those from low-income families, to participate in the sports they love?
That is an important matter and a timely one, as we are going into the summer recess.
The hon.
Lady will know that the Government spend about £200 million on holiday activities for families and, through the Department for Culture, Media and Sport, we work with many sporting bodies that will be offering particular activities, especially over the summer, that enable people to try new activities and take them up, whatever their resources.
I will ask the Secretary of State to update all Members on what those opportunities might be, but I know that many sporting organisations take their outreach work and support for all communities very seriously indeed.
I have another sports question.
Our community sports organisations in Wolverhampton do so much for public health, whether it is Wednesfield Aces cycle speedway, Fordhouses cricket club or our two gurdwaras.