I, too, thank all colleagues and the staff of the House for the work they have done.
We have achieved a tremendous amount.
In the last nine months, we have introduced 16 Bills in addition to reintroducing the Data Protection and Digital Information (No.
2) Bill.
Ten Government Bills have reached Royal Assent, with more to follow shortly.
We have published two draft Bills, which are undergoing pre-legislative scrutiny—the Media Bill and the Terrorism (Protection of Premises) Bill—and 13 private Member’s Bills have reached Royal Assent, with three more to follow shortly.
I thank all colleagues for helping with the legislative agenda to support delivery, including of the Prime Minister’s five priorities—the things that matter the most to the people of this country—as we recover from the pandemic and global shocks.
In stark contrast to the picture painted by the shadow Leader of the House, we are delivering.
We are tackling debt, halving inflation and growing our economy.
We are taking responsible decisions to get debt falling, helping households with the cost of living and addressing inflation through measures including energy bill support, fuel duty cuts and increasing competition.
Yesterday, we had better than expected falling inflation figures; today, we have seen average mortgage rates falling for the first time in many months.
We are controlling spending and increasing public sector productivity.
The Office for Budget Responsibility said that measures in the Budget caused it to revise its growth forecast up; we have received the largest ever upward forecast of the G7 this year, and our long-term growth forecasts are stronger than those for Germany, France and Italy.
We are also working to cut waiting lists.
We are creating 160 new diagnostic centres, 108 of which are already open.
We are delivering 4 million additional scans and tests, 100 new operating theatres delivering 2 million more operations by the next financial year, and over 12,000 more nurses than a year ago and 5,000 more doctors—we have smashed our manifesto commitments on recruitment.
New digital health checks are preventing strokes and heart attacks.
Record funding will deliver 9 million more procedures over the next three years, a 30% increase in elective activity and 5,000 more hospital beds.
We are releasing 10 million more doctor’s appointments through our Pharmacy First service.
Finally, we are stopping the boats.
We have taken new powers to protect our border, even though the Labour party voted to dismantle the Bill more than 70 times.
We have 700 more staff working in immigration enforcement and we have increased the number of caseworkers dealing with the backlog.
Since the Nationality and Borders Act 2022 was passed, 653 people have been arrested, leading to convictions totalling over 170 years of jail time.
Home Office initial asylum decisions are up 30% on last year, and small boats arrivals are down 10%.
Some 11,000 small boat crossings have been thwarted, and illegal working enforcement visits are up 50%.
On top of all that, this week we concluded our accession to the comprehensive and progressive agreement for trans-Pacific partnership and launched Great British  Nuclear, and after business questions, we will have a statement on £4 billion of investment in a new gigafactory.
We continue to work on the things that matter to the people of this country.
These are tough times, but we are delivering, and that is what we will be judged on, and in these tough times, I am glad that it is my party at the helm.
I can confirm that the state opening of Parliament will take place on  7 November .
I wish everyone a happy recess.
Finally: vote Purbrick, Tuckwell and Holmes!
I call Sir Peter Bottomley, the Father of the House.
Yesterday, thanks to my right hon.
Friend and Team Lewis, I was able to meet Les Wateridge, who, as many will know, spent decades keeping the streets of Westminster clear, especially around Victoria Tower Gardens.
The day before, Anita Lasker-Wallfisch came to Parliament.