I also thank them for the support that they have given me when I have been out on dawn raids.
There is always a bit of a panic when they say the address that the police are going to raid, because there is the worry that your house will be mentioned.
Thankfully, that has not happened so far.
It has been phenomenal going out with the police, often in the middle of the night, to see what they do to keep us safe and to make sure that, behind the scenes, the bad people do not get away with what they want to do.
It is incredible work.
I wish to thank everyone, including students from various schools, who have been part of Dean’s green team, working on the environment.
One of the big pledges that was made during the election was to end the use of single-use plastic.
I know that that is coming through later this year, which is phenomenal.
The Environment Act 2021 and all the work that was done at COP26 have been so important for all of us around the world, but especially for my constituents in Watford, who are very caring about our local environment.
I have previously talked a lot about our local community and the charities that do so much.
They include One Vision, Watford Workshop, Community Connect, Step2Skills, Alternatives, the Random Café, Watford Women’s Centre and Watford Interfaith Association.
There are so many I could list.
They are all phenomenal, but what they are really good at is working together.
That is what is so important.
As we look at community, it is about the threads that combine us into a tapestry of the story of our town and our community.
We also have every religion in Watford—it is one of the wonderful things about our interfaith community.
I will not mention any of the faiths now, because I know that I will miss out about five as I try to rush through my points.
If I may, I will encourage all to watch “Mission Impossible”.
It is a bit of a turn-off, but I said at the start that this was an impossible mission for me.
During the pandemic, I was very proud that “Mission Impossible”, which is in cinemas now, was partly filmed in Leavesden.
I helped to change the rules with the Department for Culture, Media and Sport and the Home Office to make sure that film doubles could change, so that Tom Cruise could go around the world and get the rest of the world to follow our rules, which meant that the film could be filmed and be in our cinemas today.
That was a massive change, and I thank the team in Government at the time for enabling that to happen.
As with everyone else, I could not do this job without my team.
We have worked on more than 20,000 cases.
I thank Tory, Michelle, Jane, Abby, Imogen and now Jonathan for all their hard work.
The surgeries that we hold and the work that we do behind the scenes are just phenomenal.
My final thanks go to two people, without whom I could not do this speech: my parents.
It is their emerald anniversary today—55 years.
Thank you, Mr Deputy Speaker.
Before we start today’s business I would like to say that, as we are almost at the end of term, I hope all right hon.
and hon.
Members have a productive summer and enjoy the recess.
I know how busy you will be in your constituencies, taking the opportunity to make visits that are difficult to schedule during sitting times, and continuing to pursue all manner of issues on behalf of your constituents, which is incredibly important work.
I know too that all right hon.
and hon.