That is not all.
Making Southend West healthier has also been a top priority, and with the support of this Conservative Government, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Rochford and Southend East (Sir James Duddridge)  and my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Rayleigh and Wickford (Mr Francois) , we have secured the delivery of more than £8 million for a reconfigured A&E department at Southend University Hospital, more than £1 million for a new active discharge lounge, 11 new ambulances and 111 new ambulance staff.
With other south Essex colleagues, we have finally secured from the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care an absolute promise that the remaining £110 million pledged to improve our local hospitals is secure, and we await an updated in-scope business plan.
I pay tribute to the work of those from the Lady McAdden Breast Cancer Trust who, with their knitted knockers, will be returning to Parliament during Breast Cancer Awareness Week this autumn.
Thanks to the work of Sam Batstone, we now have free suncream dispensers along some of our beaches.
Working with Chalkwell Lifeguards, I have sponsored one of them myself, and I thank Philip Miller, the CEO of Adventure Island, for sponsoring another.
I thank everybody who works so hard in our NHS in Southend West for the incredible work that they do.
That is one of the reasons I am campaigning for a  dedicated NHS medal to recognise their outstanding service, just as we already have for the police, the Army, the Post Office and the fire service.
Of course, that is not all.
My third priority has been to make Southend West wealthier, so I am delighted we kicked of the year by being given the pier of the year award.
I know the pier is not in Southend West, but as many Members know, Sir David strayed right across Southend in this place and in his patch.
Southend is already home to incredible music, theatre and arts, which is why I want to see us finally become a city of culture in 2029.
I have been to at least 50 productions in the past year alone, including by the brilliant Love2Sign choir, the Southend Operatic and Dramatic Society, Leigh Orpheus, Cantare, the Show Choir and the Eastwood Chorale, to name but a few.
We have an incredible seaside and underwater heritage, including the London shipwreck.
We have five blue flag beaches—the most anywhere in the east of England—and the biggest ferris wheel in the south-east.
We have had eight seaside awards, and we have a growing number of octopuses, dolphins, porpoises and seals.
Of course, no city can prosper without a thriving local economy, which is why I was delighted to spearhead a new banking hub at Leigh Broadway, and to help our fishermen—Osborne’s, Deal’s and Fruits of the Sea—to negotiate their new fishing licences.
We must have a transport system fit for a city, and with this Conservative Government, that is exactly what we are going to get.
We now have a new bus route, 12 new state-of-the-art trains, with contactless ticketing coming, and upgrades to the A13.
I have been very clear that we must not lose any of our ticketing staff at any of the stations in my patch.
There are heroes everywhere in Southend West, which is why I have had to launch a community heroes scheme, alongside my local papers, the Echo and the Leigh-on-Sea News.
I thank and pay tribute to their editors, Chris Hatton and Mike Guy, for their support in making this happen.
Already nominated by the community, we have had community heroes Jill Allen-King, Chalkwell Lifeguards, the Love2Sign choir, Anne Thurgood, Sharon Gatland, Brenda Barnes, Claire Harper, Steve Ellis, Jack Venturini, David Dutton, Bob Haze and 14-year-old Maryse Fisher, with many others to come.
Of course, that is not all.