The commission regularly publishes guidance for political parties, candidates and non-party campaigners to help them comply with their legal obligations.
It recently submitted for ministerial and parliamentary approval draft statutory guidance on digital imprints and a draft code of practice for non-party campaigners.
These will support parties and campaigners to understand and prepare for challenges introduced by the Elections Act 2022.
Is the commission preparing any guidance about this new trend we have of Members of this House, who may be candidates at the next election, being given their own TV programmes on some of the new news channels and interviewing members of the Government from their own Benches in the lead-up to a general election?
What is the Electoral Commission doing about that?
I thank the hon.
Member for his excellent question.
The Committee has not discussed those matters with the commission as yet.
The Electoral Commission does not have a role in the regulation of political or news programmes.
Ofcom is responsible for regulating broadcasters and providing guidance on impartiality, but if the Member wants to take up this issue further with the commission, it would be more than happy to meet him.
Will the commission look closely at the fact that Members of this House have television programmes?
I was invited on to a television programme by two Members of this House, and I did not accept that invitation.
There is surely something wrong with Members in this House asking questions at the same time as they are running very political campaigns on television.
What will the hon.
Gentleman do about that?
The point is well made.
As I have said, the Committee has not discussed this matter with the commission, but I am sure that the comments made by hon.
Members will be heard.
As I offered to  the hon.
Member for Cardiff West (Kevin Brennan) , I am sure that if the hon.
Member for Huddersfield wanted to discuss this matter further with the commission, it would be more than happy to meet him.
The hon.
Member for South West Bedfordshire, representing the Church Commissioners was asked—
What recent steps the Church of England has taken to participate in the community sponsorship scheme.
I am able to reassure my right hon.
Friend that the Church remains closely involved with the Ukraine community sponsorship scheme.
Many bishops and churchgoers and hundreds of clergy have opened their homes to host Ukrainian evacuees.
That is reassuring, given the wind-up that the bishops raised in the House of Lords over the Illegal Migration Bill.
What more can the Church do to encourage people to support and take in Ukrainians?
The Church of England is developing a new strategy for community sponsorship, building on the launch of community sponsorship in 2016 by Amber Rudd, when Home Secretary, and the Archbishop of Canterbury at Lambeth Palace.
The Church will continue to use its presence in every community to raise the profile of community sponsorship, as it has been demonstrated to work well for all concerned.
The hon.
Member for Midlothian, representing the Speaker’s Committee on the Electoral Commission, was asked—
Whether the Committee has had recent discussions with the Electoral Commission on the transparency of political donations from overseas.
The Committee has not had a recent discussion with the commission on that issue.
The commission publishes information about donations to ensure transparency, and it has powers to sanction political parties that accept impermissible foreign donations.
It has highlighted that the political finance system is vulnerable to unlawful influence from donations overseas and in the UK, and it has recommended that parties should be required to know not just who a donor is but where the money for the donation is coming from.
It has also recommended that parties have policies in place to manage the risk of receiving money from unlawful sources.