A senior employee there recently won a tribunal claim for harassment on account of her gender-critical beliefs.
In the course of the hearing, it became evident that there was considerable homophobic bias among some staff at Arts Council England, who did not wish the Arts Council to give grants to projects initiated by LGB groups unless those groups accepted gender identity ideology.
There was evidence that an LGB charity had been described by Arts Council employees as a “cancer” and “neo-Nazi”.
What is the Minister doing to tackle the climate of prejudice and bias that has been exposed at Arts Council England, a charity that dispenses over £950 million of public money per annum?
I hope the hon.
and learned Lady knows that I take all forms of discrimination extremely seriously, and there should be no place for that.
She raises an individual case.
The Arts Council does not come under my portfolio, but I will happily speak to my ministerial colleagues about that and ensure that we write to her with an answer.
I call the Father of the House.
My question is about the regulation of charities, following on from the question asked by  the hon.
and learned Member for Edinburgh South West (Joanna Cherry) .
Does my right hon.
Friend the Minister read Private Eye?
If he does, he will have seen the saga of the Actors’ Benevolent Fund, where it appears that the people who did right have been put out and the people who did wrong, over and over again, have been supported by the Charity Commission.
Could he say to the Charity Commission that people in Parliament are watching this with some surprise?
Of course the Charity Commission is an independent body, but I have regular meetings with it.
I am not a regular reader of Private Eye, but I will make sure that I seek out that article ahead of my next meeting with the Charity Commission.
What assessment she has made of the potential effect of the UK’s departure from the EU on the UK arts and culture sector.
The UK arts and culture sector has many strong existing positive relationships in Europe, and we are taking a number of steps to deepen ties.
The Government have developed bilateral agreements with European countries, and the British Council offers further sector-specific support, including the recently announced spotlight on culture between the UK and France.
The UK Trade and Business Commission found that the Scottish arts and film industry has lost €27 million in EU funding as a consequence of Brexit, so will the Minister’s Government make up for that shortfall and the calamity that Brexit has imposed on the sector?
While the UK decided not to participate in Creative Europe, nevertheless the UK shared prosperity fund, which is a UK-wide funding initiative, has match funded what was originally available from the EU and also gives local authorities, and indeed nations, control over how that money is spent.
Whether she has had discussions with the BBC board on its complaints procedures.
The Secretary of State and I meet with the BBC’s leadership regularly to discuss a range of issues.
The BBC’s processes for handling audience complaints about its editorial content are an area of focus of the mid-term review and, as required by the terms of reference, the DCMS has been consulting the BBC on the review’s findings.
We are seeking to conclude the review at pace and to report on its findings by 2024.
I look forward to the conclusions of the review.
The Minister will know my views: the complaints process within the BBC is utterly inadequate, and I think  he agrees with me on that.
There is no genuine independence in that process and therefore there is a lack of confidence in how that process is working.