As we come to the end of term and head back to work in our own communities, it is worth reflecting on what the Government have achieved—or not—this year.
People I have been speaking to up and down the country are simply fed up.
Nothing works in this country any more, and the Tories have simply given up doing anything about it.
I saw on the Order Paper today that the Leader of the House is due to announce the date of the next King’s Speech in a written ministerial statement—perhaps I could press her to give us an early sighting of that now—but the Government have nowhere near finished with the last set of new laws they said they were going to pass.
The Prime Minister has been caught out, overpromising and massively under-delivering, including on the Renters (Reform) Bill, which was initially promised four years ago and so many Members across the House said they wanted.
There is no transport Bill, no schools Bill and no mental health Bill.
Why does the Leader of the House think that working people will believe that this Government are going to make people’s lives better this time?
On top of all that, prices are still going up at staggering rates, and families are bearing the brunt of the Tory cost of living crisis.
That is what the people of Selby and Ainsty, Uxbridge and South Ruislip, and Somerton and Frome will be thinking about when they head to the ballot box today, fed up and wanting change.
Labour is the party of change.
We have a proper plan to grow our economy, to bring down Bills, to secure the energy this country needs and to tackle climate change.
People will have welcomed the opportunity to vote Labour today in three constituencies, and send the Tories a message, but is it not time that we had a general election, so the whole country gets the chance to have their say?
First, let me put on the record my good wishes to the Lionesses for their first match on Saturday.
Of course, after hearing the tragic news today, our thoughts are with all those caught up in the Auckland shooting.
May I also mention our pride at what our nation has done to speed up new solutions to tackling dementia, following the announcement of a future new drug this week?
With the 2013 G8 dementia push by David Cameron, which led to the World Dementia Council, the 2015 joint dementia research platform and the Prime Minister’s challenge on dementia, our 2019 funding commitments and the establishment of the Dame Barbara Windsor Dementia Mission, our nation and this Government have done more than any other to tackle this issue, and I think we should all take great pride in that.
Turning to the issues raised by the shadow Leader of the House, regarding the report on  the right hon.
Member for Tamworth (Christopher Pincher) , she will know that he has a right of appeal.
That runs out at the end of today, so we are not able to do anything until the House returns from recess.
As she knows, I do not control the timetable for that; it is controlled by the Standards Committee when it publishes its report.
That is the process.
As a member of the Commission, she knows what work we have been doing, and I am grateful to her for acknowledging on the record my commitment to the  scheme to ensure that everyone who works on the estate is properly protected and we have good safeguarding policies in place.
As soon as we have a settled scheme, we will bring forward the debate on it.
I, too, thank all colleagues and the staff of the House for the work they have done.
We have achieved a tremendous amount.
In the last nine months, we have introduced 16 Bills in addition to reintroducing the Data Protection and Digital Information (No.