I know how busy you will be in your constituencies, taking the opportunity to make visits that are difficult to schedule during sitting times, and continuing to pursue all manner of issues on behalf of your constituents, which is incredibly important work.
I know too that all right hon.
and hon.
Members will wish to join me once again in thanking all the staff of the House, the security staff, the digital service and the catering outlet staff for everything they do to support us.
It is much appreciated by Members.
The Secretary of State was asked—
Whether she plans to support the uptake of outdoor swimming.
Outdoor swimming represents one of the many ways to stay active.
Through the together fund, Sport England has provided over £80,000 for outdoor swimming projects.
Swimming and water safety forms a mandatory part of the primary PE national curriculum.
The Beccles lido does great work in promoting outdoor swimming in the Waveney area, but it and other lidos have been particularly hard hit by high energy costs and long-term fixed-price contracts, often arranged by rogue energy brokers.
The swimming pool fund is extremely welcome, but I urge my right hon.
Friend to work with lidos to put in place a long-term plan for their future.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to highlight the importance of swimming pools and lidos.
We announced the swimming pool fund to help those that have been particularly struggling with high energy costs.
Sport England also plays a vital role in working with local authorities on managing sustainable facilities, and we will shortly publish our new sports strategy, which will set continued commitments in this area.
Let us go to the wild swimmer of Strangford lough, Jim Shannon. [
Laughter.]
Wild swimming conjures up all sorts of things in my mind—probably more emphasis on the wild.
I thank  the hon.
Member for Waveney (Peter Aldous)  for the question and the Minister for his response.
Growing up in Ballywalter in the ’60s—also the age I am right now—there were no swimming pools, and we always used the sea.
It is important that water has the quality and cleanliness to allow people to swim, so has the Minister spoken to any of the councils or authorities in Northern Ireland to ensure that our waters, including Strangford lough and the sea off Ballywalter, are of a standard that enables people to swim without any fear?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right to highlight the importance of the quality of outdoor waters, and a lot of work is done to educate children in water safety.
I have not had the chance to speak to anybody in Northern Ireland yet, but I understand that I may well be going there during the recess, so I will take the opportunity to do just that.
What recent assessment she has made of the effectiveness of the regulation of charities.
The Charity Commission performs an important and effective function as the independent registrar and regulator of charities in England and Wales.
The commission’s annual report and accounts for 2022-23 provide a detailed analysis of the its performance and effectiveness.
Charity law and regulation is of course devolved in both Scotland and Northern Ireland.
My question is about Arts Council England, which is of course a registered charity.
A senior employee there recently won a tribunal claim for harassment on account of her gender-critical beliefs.
In the course of the hearing, it became evident that there was considerable homophobic bias among some staff at Arts Council England, who did not wish the Arts Council to give grants to projects initiated by LGB groups unless those groups accepted gender identity ideology.
There was evidence that an LGB charity had been described by Arts Council employees as a “cancer” and “neo-Nazi”.