What more are the Government going to do to support education at that level so that skills and training in our creative industries can enable them to keep flourishing into the future?
I hope the hon.
Gentleman read the sector vision, which included £5 million in additional funding for grassroots music venues—something we discussed at the Select Committee.
We, too, think it is important to have those creative subjects in school; that is why art, design and music are already in the national curriculum and remain compulsory in all maintained schools up to the age of 14.
But that is not all we are doing.
He mentioned music, which is incredibly important.
That is why we have our new joint national plan for music education, including £25 million of funding for musical instruments and equipment for schools, and, as  I mentioned, we had our first meeting of the cultural education panel, which is looking at how we can ensure we help young people to get more creativity both in and outside school to ensure we have that creative excellence.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
The creative industries are a powerhouse of the UK economy, succeeding despite the Government’s best efforts to attack the institutions that underpin them.
With the growth of the creative industries, there are now a huge number of job vacancies, yet it remains one of the least diverse sectors in the economy, dominated by white, middle-class people—even more so than banking, law and media.
Under this Government, we have seen a huge drop in creative subjects being taken at GCSE.
Will the Secretary of State support Labour’s new policy to increase music, drama and the arts in schools and transform our curriculum to meet the needs of the future economy, which desperately needs creative skills, rather than one that is stuck in the past?
The shadow Secretary of State will know that the Prime Minister has identified the creative industries as one of the five sectors of growth that we are supporting as a Government, because they are really important.
She mentions GCSEs, but I do not think we should just have music and arts at GCSE.
We need them at T-levels, we need apprenticeships and we need them in primary school.
She will know, because I have talked about it incessantly, that that is exactly what we are doing and that is what is in our creative sector vision.
I will just point out—because I was reminded of it the other day—that a Labour Secretary of State for Education and Employment, David Blunkett, slimmed down the statutory curriculum for creative education and told headteachers to teach fewer creative subjects at school.
What progress her Department has made on publishing a sports strategy.
The Government have committed to delivering a refreshed sports strategy that will set the long-term strategic policy direction for sport.
The strategy will outline the Government’s future ambitions and how we will support the sector to achieve them, and we intend to publish it as soon as possible.
I am grateful for the Minister’s answer.
With many more people getting into sport, there is also a temptation to get into image and performance-enhancing drugs.
We have seen an explosion in that, with estimates of between half a million and 1 million users—and that is an underestimate—from academics, UK Anti-Doping and organisations such as ukactive, which I have met with.
Will the Minister look at putting a policy in the sports strategy to gather more data on image and performance-enhancing drugs in sport?
I praise my hon.
Friend for being a doughty campaigner on this important issue and thank him for that.
He has rightly raised this with me on a number of occasions.
The safety and wellbeing of everyone  taking part in sport is hugely important.
That includes looking at image and performance-enhancing drugs.
Since I last met him, I have raised this with UKAD.