My hon.
Friend the Member for Bury North talked in his intervention and his speech about the burdens on business.
Obviously, all legislation should include an impact assessment, including a financial impact assessment on business.
The impact assessment result was de minimis—I think that is below £5 million, which is not a significant impact.
We therefore do not think that the changes will create a significant burden on businesses.
We have engaged with business representative organisations and payroll professionals throughout the policy development of these changes.
They have responded positively and understand how the changes will increase flexibility for families.
We are working with His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs to plan communications with businesses to ensure that they fully understand the new arrangements, and we will continue to engage with them while we finalise guidance to ensure the smooth introduction of these changes.
My hon.
Friend the Member for Congleton rightly talked about the UK Commission on Bereavement and the important work that it does.
She also referred to a cross-departmental bereavement strategy, which may include bereavement counselling for people in key situations.
That is a little outside my remit, but she may continue to press for that across Government.
I beg to move, That the House sit in private.
Question put forthwith ( Standing Order No.
163 ) and negatived.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
I understand that overnight, Ministers have briefed out that they are pausing negotiations with Canada over an updated free trade agreement.
While there may be good negotiating reasons, and particularly good agricultural reasons, for doing so, there are implications if the pause in negotiations means that there is no agreement to roll over an existing agreement on rules of origin on manufactured goods for exports to Canada.
That could, for example, make British cars and other manufactured goods more expensive in Canadian markets.
Given that the Government’s record on economic growth is so poor, and their record on trade negotiations is also poor, can the Speaker tell the House whether Ministers are going to make a statement to set out urgently why that pause is taking place and how the cliff edge on rules of origin will be handled?
I am very grateful to the hon.
Member for his point of order, and for giving notice of it.
I have had no indication from the Government that they intend to make a statement on this matter, but I am sure the occupants of the Treasury Bench have noted the hon.
Member’s remarks.
I will say that it is amazing how quickly the Government come to give good news; I just hope that they will reflect on briefing matters out overnight.
As I say, I always believe this House should hear first—it is a very clear message, but unfortunately it is not getting through.
Let us hope it does this time.
Second Reading
I beg to move, That the Bill be now read a Second time.
When I first discovered that I had been successful in the ballot, as other Members have been during this Session, I received requests from organisations and groups on all manner of worthy issues, yet my overriding thought was that I hoped to take through legislation that would achieve meaningful change for individuals and families on a day-to-day basis, and make their lives that little bit less difficult.
I put on record my thanks to organisations such as Gingerbread and the Fawcett Society, which have offered invaluable support and guidance in aiding the development of this Bill.
In the tradition of the House working at its best when it works cross party, I place on the record my thanks to the Minister, his officials and  the hon.
Member for Castle Point (Rebecca Harris) , who is often forgotten and never thanked for the invaluable work she does in supporting Members in the passing of private Members’ Bills.