The United Kingdom has a generous range of entitlements and protections designed to support parents to balance their family and work commitments and maintain their place in the labour market while raising their children—for example, maternity leave and pay, paternity leave and pay, and shared parental leave and pay, among others.
Maternity leave is rightly available  from the first day of a woman’s employment, recognising the special circumstances of pregnant women and new mothers.
Parental leave and shared parental leave are not day-one leave entitlements for mothers, fathers and partners; all parents must meet continuity of service requirements.
As such, if a mother dies in the first year of a child’s life, a father or partner who has not met continuity of service requirements for paternity leave or shared parental leave will not have the statutory right to take leave so that they can care for the child.
In those tragic but, thankfully, rare circumstances, they will need to rely on the compassion of their employer to provide them with adequate leave and job security.
As the hon.
Member for Ogmore says, though, some of these people are falling through the cracks.
The intent of the Bill is to provide more support for the grieving and surviving parent when their spouse or partner has tragically passed away.
The legislation will support people in those terrible circumstances to take time away from work to care for their new baby, without the risk and associated stress of being made to return to work before they are ready to do so.
I am delighted that the Government are able to support this positive development in the parental leave and pay system.
However, as is the case with any legislation, it is crucial to ensure that it is not only well intentioned, but practical and effective in achieving its intended effect.
It is therefore important that I set out to the House today, as I have previously discussed with the hon.
Member for Ogmore, the Government’s view that the Bill will require amendment in Committee to fully achieve its intended changes and operate effectively alongside existing parental leave legislation.
I am delighted that the hon.
Member has agreed to work with me to do that, and that we have a shared understanding of the need to create a legislative framework that not only supports families in their time of need, but does so in a way that is clear, fair and effective.
Committee stage provides us with the opportunity to fine-tune the details of the Bill and address any potential gaps, issues or inconsistencies to ensure that it achieves its intended purpose.
I will, of course, provide more information on the necessary changes ahead of Committee stage, but I will take a moment to highlight some of the areas in which we are considering amendments.
First, we will need to consider what type of parental leave best meets the intention of the Bill.
Secondly, we will need to analyse whether it is right to confine its scope to the death of the mother, or whether it should make broader provision for the death of other parents.
Thirdly, we need to make sure that the changes we make integrate well into the wider framework of parental leave legislation.
Finally, we intend to remove the pay element from this entitlement—I will explain why shortly.
The hon.
Member for Ogmore and I are in agreement on the removal of the pay element.
As Members will have seen, the text of his Bill does not refer to pay, although I hear and understand his clear ambition to include it at a future stage.
I concur with his point, though, that we should never let the perfect be the enemy of the good.
All the UK’s statutory parental pay entitlements have a continuity of service requirement, including statutory maternity pay, statutory paternity pay, statutory shared parental pay and statutory adoption pay.