Protecting and enhancing workers’ rights while supporting business to grow remains a priority for this Government.
We are determined to build a high-skilled, high-productivity, high-wage economy.
A key part of the UK’s economic resilience is our strong, flexible, and dynamic labour market.
It is a labour market that gives businesses the confidence to create jobs and invest in their workforce, and allows them to generate long-term prosperity and economic growth.
It is a labour market that rightly bears down on unscrupulous employers, and protects those keeping to good working practices, promoting more competition in UK markets to build a high-skilled, high-productivity, high-wage economy.
My hon.
Friend has great experience, and it is great to hear from people with experience at the sharp end of business.
It is not an easy place to be.
I had a fairly long business career myself for 30 years before politics, and we know that people are our most precious assets.
It is good business to look after our workforce, not only because of the individuals concerned and the loyalty that brings, but because of the loyalty of other members of the team when they see how someone is treating their staff.
It is important to recognise that what we are legislating for is not a ceiling, but a floor.
It is a minimum period of leave that people can be offered, and of course the minimum level of pay.
Clearly an employer can pay more than that expected by law, and I know that many employers do so.
I understand that Mr Horsey was well treated by his employer.
That illustrates that most employers are good employers, and we in the House should always recognise that when we are legislating.
We want a labour market that promotes competition and choice, so that consumers have confidence in markets, and businesses compete on a level playing field.
Turning to the specific points, the hon.
Member for Ogmore raised a point about the numbers of people affected.
Maternal deaths—the number of people who pass away during pregnancy or within 42 days of that—are around 290, as he said.
Some will have continuity of service requirements.
We therefore think that this legislation will benefit just under 50 people a year.
That is our best guesstimate, because there are so many different moving parts, but that is the kind of number we are talking about.
That is not a huge number, but the legislation is very important to those affected by it.
I noted the hon.
Member’s points principally about pay.
It is a first step on the road, but it is a very important step, and future Governments—of whatever colour they may be—may go further.
He also raised the complexity and take-up of shared parental leave.
Take-up is in line with estimates and has doubled over the past few years.
In July 2021, the shared parental leave tool was deployed.
The tool enables parents to check their eligibility and plan their leave, and it has been well received.
I think that also covers the point raised by the shadow Minister, the hon.
Member for Harrow West.
The hon.
Member for Ogmore also asked why parents with other employment statuses, such as the self-employed, are not entitled to this support.
The Government’s support is focused on employed parents, as they do not generally have the same level of flexibility and autonomy over how and when they work as self-employed parents.
Employees have a contractual requirement to work regular hours and have an employer who has control over when they work, where they work and how their work is done.
Due to that, employees have the greatest level of employment protections, to balance the lack of flexibility that their employment type provides in other ways.
My hon.
Friend the Member for Bury North talked in his intervention and his speech about the burdens on business.
Obviously, all legislation should include an impact assessment, including a financial impact assessment on business.