The deficit in trust is one of the many reasons why the people of Scotland would benefit from becoming an independent state in lieu of being held in this Union against our will.
“Bairns not bombs” was one of the galvanising messages of the independence movement in the run-up to the 2014 referendum.
That slogan embodied a persisting sentiment against nuclear weapons of mass destruction and their dangerous and corrosive impact on our country and the planet.
Opinion poll after opinion poll shows that the majority of Scottish people oppose WMDs being hosted in Scotland.
Whenever independence is mentioned to the UK Government, their immediate reaction is to attempt to assert that the Scottish economy is better served as part of the United Kingdom.
Within the realm of defence manufacturing, such an argument is as far as from reality as possible.
In October, the Government signed contracts totalling £4 billion to design and manufacture the world’s most advanced submarines.
However much I disagree in principle with the so-called nuclear deterrent, it illustrates perfectly the fact that Scotland receives few of the manufacturing jobs, which are located in Barrow-in-Furness, Raynesway and Derby.
The jobs, the growth and the capital are yet again directed anywhere but Scotland.
Meanwhile, the rotting hulks of Dreadnought subs retired in the 1980s have been rusting away at Rosyth longer than they were in service.
The people of Scotland have a precarious future, in which key economic infrastructure such as the Grangemouth oil refinery is threatened with closure.
While the current situation is bleak, I would not like to end my speech on a pessimistic note.
Instead, I look towards the future with hope: a future where an independent Scotland can build on and benefit from its vast renewable energy potential, rather than host nuclear weapons;  a future where there is a safe, feasible and practicable way to ensure that an independent Scotland will begin its life as a nuclear and WMD-free state from day one of independence; a future where the Government and the people of Scotland are no longer kept in the dark about the dangers placed in their midst by a remote, arrogant London Administration.
May I first thank  the hon.
Member for Ogmore (Chris Elmore)  for bringing the Bill before the House, and all the other hon.
Members who have spoken on this important matter today?
He has been incredibly constructive and pragmatic in our  deliberations on what we should do in this area, and I thank him for that.
It is always a pleasure to work with him on this issue, and we have worked together on a number of issues over the years.
I would like to express my wholehearted agreement with the intent behind the hon.
Member’s Bill.
His speech was incredibly touching and he spoke passionately about the need for the Bill, but also about the devastating impact on individuals.
His point about the future plans of one’s life suddenly going to ashes was incredibly powerful, and I express my sympathy for Mr Thorpe, whom he referred to in his speech.
It is always a great pleasure to take forward legislation that makes a meaningful difference.
I was lucky enough to take through Parliament two private Member’s Bills prior to becoming a Minister.
One was on parental bereavement leave, and people asked, “Why does this not exist in the first place?”
When people say that to us, as I am sure they have said to the hon.
Member about his Bill, we know we are on the right track.
In my experience, we normally do not do these things on our own—we do them jointly—and his work with my hon.
Friend  the Member for Broxtowe (Darren Henry)  has been really important in bringing the Bill forward.