Will the UK Government continue in their attempts to minimise the number and scale of such events by referring us to obscure codes and categorisations to obfuscate risk or by invoking national security as both an excuse and a smokescreen?
The latter were deployed six months ago when the Alba party submitted a freedom of information request asking how many convoys there had been each year for the last five years carrying materials from Atomic Weapons Establishment Aldermaston to Royal Naval Armaments Depot Coulport.
Section 24, on national security, and section 26, on defence, of the Freedom of Information Act 2000 were invoked to withhold that information from Scotland and our people—the very people who are frequently placed at risk of exposure to radiation were to be kept in the dark.
Formulaic tests of public information versus national interest are simply not good enough.
I would like to pointedly ask the Minister: approximately how much nuclear material has been transported between Aldermaston and Coulport in the last 12 months and in the past five years?
How many convoys were used, and what is the frequency of such transports?
How many workers are sufficiently close to be impacted by even low-level nuclear exposure?
We need answers, and the people deserve the most basic of information.
Even the details of potentially catastrophic incidents that have received media coverage are routinely denied to right hon.
and hon.
Members of the House and the public alike, on the spurious grounds that the Ministry does not comment on operational matters in respect of submarines.
It was recently reported that a Royal Navy nuclear submarine plunged towards its crush depth due to a concerning malfunction of its main depth gauge.
It was finally reported last November, but the incident took place a year before that.
We still have no specifics about where it took place, despite my personal request for information from the Ministry.
Turning to the preparedness of the Vanguard fleet itself, in September 2023, one of the Vanguard-class submarines returned from a patrol of more than six months.
Defence commentators noted that it was double the three-month missions previously completed.
Additionally, Navy Lookout reported that the returning submarine seemed to be missing exterior tiles and was covered in marine growth to an extent that had not been seen before.
As of this year, the life expectancy of the current Vanguard fleet is repeatedly being extended, despite only three of the four vessels currently being seaworthy.
I would like to credit The National newspaper in Scotland for its persistent and thorough reportage of the nuclear predicament in Scotland.
If it is the case that submarines are failing in seaworthiness and labouring under increased operational pressures, as is indicated by the malfunctioning of vital components, extended periods of deployment and missing exterior tiles, while radiation leaks are being under-reported, I ask the Minister in good faith, how are the people of Scotland or right hon.
and hon.
Members to place any trust in this Government?
Specifically, how is the Dreadnought class to avoid exactly the same fate and, most critically, what additional safeguards are being taken to mitigate civilian exposure to nuclear contamination, given this shocking evidence?
Given that the chief adviser to an erstwhile Prime Minister has referred to the UK’s nuclear fleet as a “horror show”, I would hope that the Minister would come through with some degree of information and transparency, and not rely merely on obfuscation.
That brings me to my third and final concern.
The deficit in trust is one of the many reasons why the people of Scotland would benefit from becoming an independent state in lieu of being held in this Union against our will.
“Bairns not bombs” was one of the galvanising messages of the independence movement in the run-up to the 2014 referendum.
That slogan embodied a persisting sentiment against nuclear weapons of mass destruction and their dangerous and corrosive impact on our country and the planet.