Member for North Shropshire (Helen Morgan)  would have two effects, as I understand it.
First, it would require mobile network operators to  share their network infrastructure for a reasonable price.
Secondly, it would incentivise operators to allow customers of other companies to roam on to their network.
As she mentioned, this is known as rural roaming, and it is similar to what happens when travelling abroad.
These measures are intended to tackle partial notspots, but it is worth noting that the Bill would not address total notspots—areas that do not receive any coverage from any mobile network operator.
Turning to the first of those effects, there are occasional concerns about telecom networks having infrastructure access.
As I understand it, one of the main issues is in areas, such as the city of Hull, where there is a monopoly company—in that case, KCOM—or in situations across the rest of the country where Openreach is the monopoly provider.
Across the country, there have been repeated issues with the use of telecoms infrastructure, in particular the repeated digging up of roads.
There are legitimate questions.
Jack Brereton (Stoke-on-Trent South) (Con): We are seeing this issue in my constituency at the moment, with roads being dug up.
Virgin Media is creating absolute chaos across the constituency by digging up the roads, and the work it is doing to put things back to how they were is an utter disgrace.
Does the hon.
Gentleman—
The debate stood adjourned ( Standing Order No.
11(2) ).
Ordered, That the debate be resumed on  Friday 21 June .
Motion made, That the Bill be now read a Second time.
Hon.
Members: Object.
Bill to be read a Second time on  Friday 21 June .
Motion made, That the Bill be now read a Second time.
Hon.
Members: Object.
Bill to be read a Second time on  Friday 21 June .
Motion made, That the Bill be now read a Second time.
Hon.
Members: Object.
Bill to be read a Second time on  Friday 2 February .
Motion made, and Question proposed, That this House do now adjourn.—(Mike Wood.)
Neale Hanvey (Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath) (Alba): Last night was Burns night, and I found myself reflecting over a couplet from the bard’s timeless “A Man’s a Man for a’ That”:
“The honest man, tho’ e’er sae poor, is king o’ men for a’ that.”
I open this debate in a spirit of honesty, truth and transparency—a trinity that has been lacking in most of my exchanges thus far with the Ministry of Defence over mounting concerns about the UK’s nuclear Trident programme.
The spiralling costs of the programme, be they financial or human, demand an earnest response from Ministers—something that has hitherto eluded the MOD—but I am hoping for candour and honesty today, or in writing in the forthcoming weeks.
The economics of the Trident programme are more straightforward.
As per the House of Commons Library, the total acquisition expenditure on the four Vanguard-class submarines housing the Trident missiles was £12.52 billion, which equates to approximately £21 billion in today’s money.
Additionally, annual in-service costs are currently estimated at 6% of the defence budget—based on current planned expenditure, that is another £3 billion for 2023-24.
Further, the cost of the design and manufacture of the new Dreadnought-class submarines is estimated at £31 billion, including inflation over the life of the programme.
A £10 billion contingency has also been set aside, making the current potential total for replacement £41 billion.
In-service costs are expected to continue at approximately 6% of defence expenditure.
The National Audit Office has raised concerns about the impact of the MOD’s nuclear programme based on the affordability of the Department’s overall equipment plan, but these astronomical figures continue to be spent.