The Childhood Bereavement Network has made the important point that parents of babies may be particularly at risk of financial strain because they are younger.
Their partner, who they have lost in childbirth, may have had less time to build up earnings, make mortgage payments or contribute to pension schemes, and is less likely to have planned future finances.
Dads who are currently not entitled to SLP because of their own or their partner’s insecure employment prior to death may therefore be among the most vulnerable financially.
We have heard a lot about the stats and figures  behind this issue, but it is important to name and understand the lived experiences behind those figures.
I want to read,   in his own words, what happened to Simon Thorpe.
His lived experience means that now, as an employer himself, he supports this change in the law:
“My wife and I had our first child in August 2020 and 6 months later my wife was diagnosed with terminal cancer.
I worked for a medium-sized charity in the north west as general manager, and I immediately asked my chairman to go part-time and work flexibly so I could help out with childcare and hospital appointments.
Working flexibly had become the new normal during covid anyway.
My chairman and board agreed, and to be honest they didn’t have a choice, but I expect many other employers would not have been able to be so flexible.
After five months, it became clear I couldn’t carry on working in such a responsible position, and manage the childcare and hospital treatment requirements of my wife, so I resigned and left work in October 2021 and became a full-time carer and parent.
Fortunately my wife was receiving full sick pay from her employer so I could afford to give up work.
My wife died in August 2022, and by not having a job I was in a better position to immediately deal with the aftermath, especially the childcare.
Looking after my two-year-old son was the single most important task.
However, as an employer myself, if one of my staff had been in my position of losing a partner, I would have been able to offer our standard three to five days’ compassionate leave.
I now know first-hand that this would be totally inadequate, and would not even allow time to hold a funeral.
It’s true that after the funeral is when bereavement often hits hardest.
I’m sure some employers would be as flexible as possible and offer a period of unpaid leave.
Three to five days might be fine for a distant relative, sibling, or even a parent, but for loss of a spouse or even a child it is completely unthinkable that a person could return usefully to the workplace.
The only other option would be to be signed off sick by a GP.
I don’t think any legislation can ‘fix’ bereavement and every person responds to bereavement in a different way.
There is no prescribable timescale for overcoming a significant loss and being ready to return to work.
However, providing a statutory basis for leave following loss of a spouse, particularly in the case where there is a dependent child, seems a positive step.
After all, there is two-week statutory paternity leave on birth of a child, but it is equally significant should a parent die that the surviving parent is able to be present at home in the immediate aftermath.
It’s not just the emotional impact, it’s the practical aspects of organising a funeral, the “deathocracy” paperwork that goes on and on—probate, wills, liaising with school or preschool and so on.
In these moments thinking about work is the last thing on one’s mind, but of course for many there will be a financial pressure, although Bereavement Support Payment has been a most unexpected source of income for me.”
The Bill sets out the following changes.