I will leave him to speak of those circumstances, but I pay tribute to him for the tenacious way that he has lobbied on this issue over the past year.
Equally, in mentioning him I confess that this Bill is a little different—or perhaps a lot—from his original Bill, but for me this is about making progress on the issue.
My sincere, genuine hope is that the Bill will be the start of a process and debate about making changes to a specific area of law in the months and years to come.
I am pleased that the Labour party, if given the privilege to serve our country following the general   election, whenever it comes, has a plan to improve employment rights, including those of new parents, so I hope I can lobby Labour Ministers in the years ahead.
The numbers behind this issue are concerning, and I am sorry to say that they are going in the wrong direction.
Data released only a few weeks ago by MBRRACE, which monitors the cause of maternal deaths, stillbirths and infant deaths, highlights how the number of women dying each year during pregnancy, or soon after, has increased to its highest level in 20 years, with 3.41 deaths per 100,000 women.
Even more troubling is that black, Asian and minority ethnic women, and those in economically deprived areas, are more severely affected.
Women from ethnic backgrounds remain four times more likely to die during or after pregnancy, and those from Asian backgrounds are twice as likely to die compared with Caucasian women.
Those are figures not seen since the early 2000s.
The UK Government’s stated ambition was to halve maternal mortality rates between 2010 and 2025, yet the numbers clearly paint a different picture.
It is clear that with maternal deaths rising, more partners and spouses are being left in the unenviable and heart-wrenching circumstance of bringing up a newborn, planning a funeral and adjusting to life without their significant other.
When dealing with such a trio of issues, the last thing many will want to be thinking and worrying about is leave from their employment.
Parental leave is something we should be proud of in this country, but it is by no means perfect.
Making it easier and more accessible for individuals in what can be incredibly difficult circumstances is something I am sure colleagues across the House will support.
When doing a deep dive into the issue of leave, I was shocked at just how low the take-up of shared parental leave is in this country.
Only 1% of eligible employee mothers, at a time when maternal mortality rights are rising, and only 5% of eligible employees take up any shared parental leave, according to the parental rights survey of 2019.
For many, even the process of getting set up on the scheme is too arduous, with nearly 10% of eligible mothers and fathers stating that it was too complex to set up and manage.
Furthermore, due to the strict eligibility criteria for SPL, approximately 40% of working fathers are left without any leave entitlement.
That includes, but is not limited to, fathers whose partner is not working or not entitled to maternity leave, fathers who are in insecure work, fathers who changed jobs after their partner became pregnant, and those fathers who are on lower incomes.
The Childhood Bereavement Network has made the important point that parents of babies may be particularly at risk of financial strain because they are younger.
Their partner, who they have lost in childbirth, may have had less time to build up earnings, make mortgage payments or contribute to pension schemes, and is less likely to have planned future finances.
Dads who are currently not entitled to SLP because of their own or their partner’s insecure employment prior to death may therefore be among the most vulnerable financially.