If such people are in a partial notspot, they can already ring 999 from their phone, but in that situation they might want to call all sorts of other people to help them.
It is not just 999 calls that are needed.
Just over a year ago, I did a shift with an ambulance crew, where the crew used a mobile signal to download patient data on to their tablets to help with patients’ conditions.
We visited an elderly lady near Ellesmere who was very poorly, and although we were quite close to the town centre, the crew could not download her medical record, so her care was necessarily compromised compared with what somebody in an urban area might expect.
Finally, improved rural coverage would reduce digital inequality, which is talked about a lot in this place.
Many people do not feel that comfortable on a full broadband-connected computer but have learned how to use a phone—it is part of everyday life—and if they cannot use it as they move around on their daily routine, they are left out to a great extent.
We all understand that there are technical challenges to building masts in rural areas—not least in getting a power supply out there—and that that is why there is a disparity between rural and urban areas.
That is a fact of life when living in a rural area—I think people do understand that—but North Shropshire is one of the worst served areas in the country.
Less than 60% of premises have coverage indoors from all operators, when the average for the whole of the UK is 86%.
Once we move away from the towns and into the villages, less than one in three can choose which operator they have in their home.
As we know—we have talked about this at length and the Minister acknowledged it in oral questions recently—the coverage data is very optimistic and does not always reflect what is happening on the ground.
For example, in North Shropshire I have been to talk to people in Trefonen, where some maps say they should have coverage but that is not the lived experience.
There is also a capacity issue whereby the coverage might be there but calls might drop out regularly because other people are linked up to that mast at the same time.
The data we use to assess the success of the roll-out is therefore very important.
As I mentioned, the shared rural network has involved the four mobile network operators spending half a billion pounds to end partial notspots.
Because EE already had an extensive network of mobile masts, it has already met its obligations even though the deadline was June 2024—it is six months ahead—but according to reports in The Daily Telegraph, the other three providers have requested a delay.
That is down to a number of reasons, some of which are difficult to overcome, such as lack of planning resource, the logistical challenges I mentioned earlier, and issues over access to land.
Those are impacting the delivery of the shared rural network.
It is interesting that not a single mast that will be delivered by the Government for the total notspots has been built yet, according to the House of Commons Library briefing.
There are challenges that are difficult to overcome, but part of the problem is that EE has not shared its masts, because it has failed to reach agreement with the other mobile network operators.
That is a commercial issue and was part of the commercial negotiations, so  whether EE was asking for too high a rate, or whether the other mobile operators were offering too low a rate, is a matter of perspective, but the reality is that we could have achieved better coverage without blighting the countryside with loads of additional masts if those operators had shared their network equipment effectively.