She continued:
“The pandemic…had a profound effect on how those affected have experienced bereavement.
Many people have been unable to see family and friends and…had limited access to formal support after their loved one died.
Feeling alone in their grief due to lockdown or having to shield or self-isolate has had a devastating impact.
At the same time, the pandemic has also spotlighted this universal human experience and presented an important opportunity to consider how well equipped we are”—
or perhaps are not—
“to support people through a bereavement and how we should work together to improve that support both now and in the future.”
In that context, the UK Commission on Bereavement was founded, bringing together 16 commissioners and an advisory group.
Through the commission’s work, taking detailed written and oral evidence from well over 1,000 people, it has conducted one of the largest ever consultations of bereaved people and professionals working with them.
The commission saw time and again that we need to do more
“as a whole society to support all those affected by bereavement.”
However, ongoing taboos around grief and uncertainty about how to help inhibit support throughout our communities, in schools, colleges and workplaces, even among those whose job puts them in contact with bereaved people every day.
The report states:
“For those who need it, there are significant challenges to accessing formal emotional support.
There’s not enough of it, it’s not accessible to all who need it, and certain groups in society are particularly poorly served.
However, in addition to significant shortcomings in the provision of emotional support, people affected by bereavement often find it hard to get the support that  they need with the ‘practical’ challenges they face day-to-day—from registering a death to accessing adequate financial support.
Overall, many people are not getting the right support at the right time, with potentially serious consequences in all areas, from health and wellbeing to education and employment and even long term economic outcomes.
We must seize the opportunity to change this for the better”.
This Bill is such an opportunity.
We must not lose sight of the fact that all our lives will be touched by bereavement.
It is incumbent upon us all to work together to improve the experiences of bereaved people.
The commission’s report set out clear recommendations for achieving that.
The UK Government should establish and deliver a cross-departmental strategy for bereavement, as I believe the commission recommended.
By making grief taboo, fearing it and locking it away, we make it all the harder to comprehend and to support each other through it.
We make it harder for people to access the help they need, be it simple flexibility from an employer, help with funeral costs or access to specialist bereavement support services.
It is important that we do all we can to support those who suffer in this way.
Much in that report was not directly related to the Bill, so I will not test Mr Speaker’s patience further.
Bereavement can often trigger financial insecurity and poverty.
Many people who experience bereavement are at particular risk of financial hardship and changes to their material circumstances and living conditions.
That is especially the case for bereaved parents or spouses, where the bereavement commonly results in the loss of household income, and sometimes even in the bereaved person or family losing their home.
Such pressures add significantly to the stress already experienced.
Overall, people are not getting the right support they need.
A parent needs particular support in the early days, weeks and months with their child, and even more so when they have lost a partner.
The hon.
Member for Ogmore (Chris Elmore)  made an incredibly touching speech.
I think everyone in the House supports the Bill.
My hon.
Friend has been a leader in small businesses.
On the fairly made point by the hon.
Member for Ogmore on shared parental leave, how does my hon.