Member about his Bill, we know we are on the right track.
In my experience, we normally do not do these things on our own—we do them jointly—and his work with my hon.
Friend  the Member for Broxtowe (Darren Henry)  has been really important in bringing the Bill forward.
It is clear that we should look at what more we can do to support employed parents who lose their partner around the time of their child’s birth and who do not currently qualify for statutory leave entitlement because they do not meet continuity of service requirements—that is, they have not been in the job for the required length of time to qualify.
The principle of this Bill has support across the House, and I was pleased to hear that reflected in the debate.
Again, I thank my hon.
Friend the Member for Broxtowe, who has long campaigned on this issue.
We met his constituent in my early days as a Minister, and I thank him for bringing it to the House’s attention.
We were always keen to do something when we could, and I am delighted to say that we now have the right time and space to do this.
It was a pleasure to meet him and his constituent Mr Horsey, who is in the Gallery today, in the Department the year before last.
I am sure the whole House will join me in expressing our condolences to Mr Horsey for the loss of his wife Bernadette and in sending our best wishes to him and their son Tim.
I will take the time to address some of the points raised by hon.
Members today, but I will first put on the record why the Government support the intent behind this legislation.
Losing a partner is a truly devastating experience for anyone.
The combination of the terrible grief and, as my hon.
Friend  the Member for Congleton (Fiona Bruce)  said, loneliness in these situations—the shadow Minister,  the hon.
Member for Harrow West (Gareth Thomas) , called it “unimaginable”, which is an apt description—with the challenges of caring for a new baby must be incredibly hard.
My deepest sympathies go out to anyone who finds themselves in this terrible position.
The United Kingdom has a generous range of entitlements and protections designed to support parents to balance their family and work commitments and maintain their place in the labour market while raising their children—for example, maternity leave and pay, paternity leave and pay, and shared parental leave and pay, among others.
Maternity leave is rightly available  from the first day of a woman’s employment, recognising the special circumstances of pregnant women and new mothers.
Parental leave and shared parental leave are not day-one leave entitlements for mothers, fathers and partners; all parents must meet continuity of service requirements.
As such, if a mother dies in the first year of a child’s life, a father or partner who has not met continuity of service requirements for paternity leave or shared parental leave will not have the statutory right to take leave so that they can care for the child.
In those tragic but, thankfully, rare circumstances, they will need to rely on the compassion of their employer to provide them with adequate leave and job security.
As the hon.
Member for Ogmore says, though, some of these people are falling through the cracks.
The intent of the Bill is to provide more support for the grieving and surviving parent when their spouse or partner has tragically passed away.
The legislation will support people in those terrible circumstances to take time away from work to care for their new baby, without the risk and associated stress of being made to return to work before they are ready to do so.
I am delighted that the Government are able to support this positive development in the parental leave and pay system.