Friend has been a leader in small businesses.
On the fairly made point by the hon.
Member for Ogmore on shared parental leave, how does my hon.
Friend think small employers should approach these issues?
For many years in my previous life I was a probate solicitor, so many bereaved people came to see me.
There is real room for compassion when employers are faced with someone who has recently been bereaved.
We all need to look at what we can do to support them.
Other employees are probably more than willing to chip in and give the support that they can, which would be especially needed in a small business.
That is also why, for many years, I have championed family hubs.
I am delighted that Department for Education family hubs and start for life funding has enabled 75 family hubs to open and provide vital services for families with younger children.
We need to ensure the hubs enable bereavement counselling and emotional and relational support for widowed parents, especially after tragic and traumatic loss in childbirth.
When enacted, the Bill will plug a vital gap in shared parental leave and pay for those who have not completed the six months of continuous service with an employer necessary to qualify.
Hon.
Members on both sides of  the House have served their constituents and us well by shining a light on this issue and making it our business to sort it out.
This Bill sends a wider message that bereavement is everyone’s business.
I am grateful for the opportunity to speak in the debate and to support  the hon.
Member for Ogmore (Chris Elmore) .
The only thing I wrestled with before making this contribution was making sure that I said “the hon.
Member for Ogmore”, not “the hon.
Member for Elmore”.
I have achieved my purpose, and I am pleased to support him.
The hon.
Gentleman rightly encapsulated the benefit of these Friday debates and the process for considering private Members’ Bills, with which I have not had an awful lot of engagement during my time in Parliament.
I will come on to that.
This morning, we can consider Bills of constitutional import and of infrastructural import for Stoke-on-Trent South, as well as a Bill on the theological pursuit of freedom of belief and justice, which was introduced by  the hon.
Member for Congleton (Fiona Bruce) , and a Bill with practical and meaningful import introduced by the hon.
Member for Ogmore, who is right to suggest that it will not affect the masses.
However, masses of people in our country should be greatly appreciative of the fact that he has taken a step this morning so that, should sorrow or tragedy strike their family, this issue has been considered.
He is laying the foundation stone to ensure that support will be there in such difficult circumstances.
We should not have to stand here and reflect on the regressive facts that he has shared with us.
The statistics over the past 20 years have got worse for mothers in childbirth who have needed the state to respond appropriately, so I am glad that he is taking action and has introduced the Bill.
As a Northern Ireland Member, however, I reflect on the extent of the Bill.
As it stands, it appropriately enables Ministers to make regulations that will amend Acts that apply to England, Scotland and Wales.
I say, gently at this stage, that I can imagine that that is because our rights in Northern Ireland, which mirror entirely the employment rights of an Act of Parliament applying to England, Scotland and Wales, were proceeded with through an Order in Council.
It might be worth considering—if, indeed, it is procedurally possible—whether the Bill, if it completes Second Reading, could be amended to include Orders in Council.
The Order in Council in Northern Ireland and the relevant Act in England, Scotland and Wales are exactly the same.