As Members will have seen, the text of his Bill does not refer to pay, although I hear and understand his clear ambition to include it at a future stage.
I concur with his point, though, that we should never let the perfect be the enemy of the good.
All the UK’s statutory parental pay entitlements have a continuity of service requirement, including statutory maternity pay, statutory paternity pay, statutory shared parental pay and statutory adoption pay.
They are designed to ensure that a parent has made a reasonable  contribution towards their employer’s business before that employer is required to administer statutory parental payments.
Continuity of service requirements are designed to achieve a balance between the needs of employers and those of working parents.
I will be able to give more details in Committee on the changes we intend to make to the Bill.
In the spirit of collaboration, I encourage all Members to engage constructively in Committee.
Our priority is to work together to deliver a piece of legislation that meets the needs of bereaved families, providing them with the support they require during one of life’s most challenging chapters.
In response to the shadow Minister’s points about workers’ rights, the Government are committed to supporting the participation and progression of parents in the labour market to ensure that it is fair and works for parents.
Our 2019 manifesto pledged changes to enhance workers’ rights and support people to stay in work.
The Government have delivered on those commitments by supporting a package of six private Members’ Bills helping new parents, unpaid carers and hospitality workers; giving all employees easier access to flexible working; and giving workers a right to request a more predictable working pattern.
We have been pleased with the successful progress of that legislation through Parliament, where it has received cross-party support, resulting in six Acts successfully receiving Royal Assent.
The Government have already made good progress on laying secondary legislation in due course to implement those new Acts.
The Employment Relations (Flexible Working) Act 2023, for example, will give all employees with 26 weeks’ continuous service the right to request flexible working, empowering employees to ask for a working arrangement that suits them and their unique circumstances.
I take the point raised by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bury North (James Daly)  about homeworking.
Flexible working does not necessarily mean homeworking; it can mean different working times to suit people’s parental responsibilities—for example, different times during holidays—and it does not necessarily mean that people have to work from home.
He is right to say that workers should work where they are most effective, and where employers require them to be.
The Protection from Redundancy (Pregnancy and Family Leave) Act 2023 will provide greater protection to women who are on maternity leave or an employee who is on adoption or shared parental leave in a redundancy situation.
That legislation will help to clamp down on poor or inappropriate practices, such as discriminating against pregnant women or new mothers, or waiting for a woman to return from maternity leave, and when the current protected period ends making her redundant.
The Employment (Allocations of Tips) Act 2023 will make it unlawful for businesses to hold back tips, gratuities and service charges from employees, ensuring that staff receive the tips they have earned.
This package of legislation will increase workforce participation, protect vulnerable workers, and level the playing field, ensuring that unscrupulous businesses do not have a competitive advantage.
The legislation builds on the strengths of our flexible and dynamic labour market, and gives   businesses the confidence to create jobs and invest in their workforce, allowing them to generate long-term prosperity and economic growth.
Protecting and enhancing workers’ rights while supporting business to grow remains a priority for this Government.
We are determined to build a high-skilled, high-productivity, high-wage economy.
A key part of the UK’s economic resilience is our strong, flexible, and dynamic labour market.