A £10 billion contingency has also been set aside, making the current potential total for replacement £41 billion.
In-service costs are expected to continue at approximately 6% of defence expenditure.
The National Audit Office has raised concerns about the impact of the MOD’s nuclear programme based on the affordability of the Department’s overall equipment plan, but these astronomical figures continue to be spent.
That brings me to the three pressing concerns surrounding the Trident programme that I will set out for the Minister today, the first of which is the dangers of radiation exposure and the issue of nuclear safety in Scotland.
Secondly, based on those incidents, there is growing scepticism about the overall preparedness of the existing Vanguard fleet in the light of its allegedly dangerous and “rotting” state, referenced by Dominic Cummings, the former senior adviser to the former Prime Minister.
Thirdly, as a consequence of the nuclear exposure hazards that the UK has imposed on the population of Scotland and a lack of transparency concerning the programme as a whole, I will set out why the nation of Scotland has much to gain by removing that nuclear arsenal from its waters.
First and foremost, I would like to provide a factual context to this debate.
I was contacted by a whistleblower at the Coulport armaments depot who told me that there had been an emergency evacuation at the site due to a radiation leak.
I raised this matter directly with the Defence Secretary, who then wrote to me on  10 January 2023 .
In that letter, the Defence Secretary denied that there had been any serious radiation breaches at Faslane or Coulport.
He wrote:
“I can confirm that the alleged radiation incident referred to during defence questions in the Commons did not occur.”
However, public concerns remain about the relocation of staff from building 201 at RNAD Coulport to building 41.
The MOD has failed to confirm the date on which the staff at Coulport building 201 were first informed that they were being moving to building 41.
The Defence Secretary also stated:
“no serious radiation breaches have occurred at His Majesty’s Naval Base Clyde or RNAD Coulport”.
However, that response implies there was a threshold for reporting radiation leaks.
As I said at the time, the Defence Secretary’s response raised more questions than it answered.
It suggests that there were radiation breaches, but they fell below an unqualified serious threshold.
What is that threshold?
How is it defined, and what are the risks from non-serious radiation breaches?
In response to a parliamentary written question about serious radiation breaches at the Clyde and Coulport ports, the Minister acknowledged:
“There have been historical events with minor radiological consequences at both His Majesty’s Naval Base Clyde and the Royal Naval Armaments Depot (RNAD) Coulport.”
That revealed 15 recorded radiation leaks at Coulport and a further 43 at Faslane in 2023 alone, although the MOD insists that none was considered serious.
Surely further detail of each of these events and the risk they did or did not present to the immediate vicinity is necessary.
Will the Minister commit to providing that information?
Will the UK Government continue in their attempts to minimise the number and scale of such events by referring us to obscure codes and categorisations to obfuscate risk or by invoking national security as both an excuse and a smokescreen?
The latter were deployed six months ago when the Alba party submitted a freedom of information request asking how many convoys there had been each year for the last five years carrying materials from Atomic Weapons Establishment Aldermaston to Royal Naval Armaments Depot Coulport.
Section 24, on national security, and section 26, on defence, of the Freedom of Information Act 2000 were invoked to withhold that information from Scotland and our people—the very people who are frequently placed at risk of exposure to radiation were to be kept in the dark.