This Bill is fairly unique in that it gives something we cannot often grant as Members of Parliament: time.
Specifically, it gives time to spend with a newborn following tragic circumstances.
It is time that, if missed, cannot be regained.
Research shows that babies undergo huge growth, brain development and neuron pruning in the first two years of their lives.
The brain development of infants, including their social, emotional and cognitive development, often depends on a loving bond or attachment relationship with a primary caregiver, usually a parent.
Researchers also found increasing evidence in fields such as neurobiology and development psychology studies, that a lack of consistency in parental presence, such as if the remaining parent is unable to take leave from work, can lead to long-term mental health problems, and to reduced overall potential and happiness.
The evidence is clear that individuals who have lost their partner in childbirth being able to take leave is a necessity for themselves and their child.
We have a duty to ensure that that right is written in law and not left up to the good will of individual companies.
The negative impact on businesses that employ individuals in these circumstances has been raised as a concern in this area.
Some may have trepidation that such a change in law would cripple small businesses that cannot afford this type of leave.
To that point, I say that an incredibly small quantity of people and businesses would be affected; this is not an issue that affects thousands.
Furthermore, if such leave is not allowed, businesses could face losing a valued employee—a situation that many would seek to avoid.
I hope that the effect a change would have on businesses would be small in comparison to the benefit that would be gained by the individual receiving leave.
I am incredibly grateful that, thanks to  the hon.
Member for Ogmore (Chris Elmore) , we have the parliamentary time for today’s vital debate.
I also thank the Under-Secretary of State for Business and Trade, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Thirsk and Malton (Kevin Hollinrake) , who has been incredibly helpful in bringing the Bill to this stage.
However, I must briefly put on the record my disappointment that this Bill will not include pay.
The Bill goes some way to ensuring that support is in place for the small amount of people who find themselves in this situation, but it could go further.
It is my hope that we do get to a stage where leave and pay are granted to those who find themselves in situations such as Aaron’s, and it is regrettable that pay is not included today.
Leave, whether that be maternity leave, paternity leave or shared parental leave, was created to allow a new parent to spend essential time with their new-born child.
In cases such as this, it seems that the people for whom these types of leave were created to help are often the ones missing out.
When faced with a life-altering set of circumstances, Aaron was affronted by having to cope with the challenges of being a new parent, the prospect of a new job, insecurity, and all while in the midst of extraordinary grief.
That is more than many of us could handle.
This Bill is not controversial; it simply seeks to allow individuals the right, under circumstances beyond their control, to take leave to be with their child.
As I have mentioned previously, it is also not a Bill that will affect the vast amount of our population.
It affects a small number in our society who need the help of this Government and their employers.
If an individual falls through this gap, they could find themselves faced with the choice of losing their job or losing spending time with their new-born child—not a choice anybody should have to make.
To summarise, we have a gap in our law.