We are a business that does not make vast fortunes of money; we rely on treasured and important employees being able to create incomes so that we can pay wages.
None the less, I do not believe, unless my hon.
Friend has been told something different, that a small business, even in the most challenging circumstances, would seek to terminate the employment of somebody who has gone through such a bereavement.
We must have faith not only in the words that we say in this place, but in the humanity of the people we represent.
Faced with these circumstances, the small businesses that I know up and down the country would, I think, rise to the challenge, and support in exactly the way that my hon.
Friend has described.
It is sometimes difficult to talk in this Chamber about things of which we have no personal experience, but as Aaron is in the Public Gallery today, I can say that both he and Tim can be very proud and pleased that good will come from tragic circumstances.
On the wider issue, both parties share a commitment to shared parental leave and employment rights.
I would like to say that it is not a political issue, but it is important to note that we have seen developments under this Government, such as carers’ leave and flexible working, to try to respond to the challenges, many of which came from covid.
Those developments ensure that the nuances of people’s everyday lives are recognised and that they are supported, because they have much to contribute to our economy.
In the circumstances we have heard about today, it is not anyone’s fault that a person is put in that  position, but we cannot, through prejudice, hinder people who have so much to offer and so much to support local businesses with.
With regard to bereavement, the pandemic brought that very much to the fore for many of us.
I have two children, Alexander and Teddy—we all take the opportunity to mention our children’s names.
I cannot imagine—no, it is too much to think about.
I lost my dad during the pandemic.
My dad, who was a very rumbustious, lively man, was a big part of my life.
When he passed away, sadly the covid regulations were in place, so we were perhaps unable to come to terms with his death, or to celebrate his life and speak to his friends and wider family in the way we would have liked.
Bereavement, in its widest sense, affects people in different ways in the workplace, and I think there is an ongoing debate.
My friend the hon.
Member for Ogmore said that this is a starting point for the debate, and the issue of how bereavement impacts people is very important.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Congleton (Fiona Bruce)  also made a valid point on that subject.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that what is proposed would actually benefit the employers who provide that, because they would retain the employee in the workforce in the long term, rather than losing them, which would have a negative impact on their business?
I completely agree.
The great challenge in the modern economy is productivity.
I cannot express how difficult it is to recruit good staff who are productive—it is genuinely incredibly difficult.
That takes me back to the point that employers will do just about anything to retain productive staff, which is what we want to see.
I was here last Friday, when the House was debating a different subject, and the question often asked is why we should legislate on such matters.
It is important that this House, and through it our democratic will, guides employers on what we feel are matters of importance and priority, and this is another example of a Bill that does that.
Making employers aware that this is an issue that our democratically elected Parliament feels is important is incredibly important.