It’s not just the emotional impact, it’s the practical aspects of organising a funeral, the “deathocracy” paperwork that goes on and on—probate, wills, liaising with school or preschool and so on.
In these moments thinking about work is the last thing on one’s mind, but of course for many there will be a financial pressure, although Bereavement Support Payment has been a most unexpected source of income for me.”
The Bill sets out the following changes.
It would make shared parental leave and pay for a father or partner, where the mother of the child has died, a day-one employment right.
While I recognise that there is already provision in law for shared parental leave in the case of bereavement, that is subject to a strict continuity of employment test, as the Minister knows.
As it stands, for a mother’s partner to take shared parental leave, they must have been working for at least 26 weeks of the 66 weeks before the baby was due, and they must have earned at least £390 in total across any 30 of the 66 weeks.
The partner must also have been employed continuously by the same employer for at least 26 weeks by the end of the 15th week before the due date.
They must also stay with the same employer until they start their leave period.
In short, that is a lot of fixed conditions in a world where people change jobs and careers more frequently than in previous generations.
The Bill would allow the Secretary of State to remove that test through regulations.
That would effectively close the loophole that, for example, resulted in the constituent of the hon.
Member for Broxtowe not being entitled to shared parental leave.
According to research carried out by the Childhood Bereavement Network, a child’s need for stability following a parent’s death makes it vital for the surviving parent to be able to respond flexibly to them.
The child’s adjustment is often closely associated with the parent’s capacity to care for them, including being physically available to them.
We know that, thankfully, only a small percentage of families each year find themselves in such a position.
Therefore, after discussions with the Minister and his officials, it is envisaged that the Bill would not require a money resolution due to the relatively small financial cost incurred by the Government, as it links to leave only.
However, as I stressed earlier in my speech, this is a first step.
I have learned throughout my time in this place to not let the perfect get in the way of the good.
While the Bill aims to give a day-one right to leave to those in insecure work, I hope it will open a broader debate on the employment rights of not just those who work in secure roles, but the growing number of constituents who work in insecure roles.
According to a report published by the TUC, the number of people in insecure work has increased from 3.2 million in 2016 to 3.9 million last year.
Furthermore, there has been a startling 132% increase in absolute terms of black, Asian and minority ethnic persons in insecure work.
Over the space of a decade, that figure has jumped from 360,241 in 2011 to 836,339.
We also know that maternal mortality rates have been rising among the BAME community.
Dads in insecure work, such as agency work and zero-hours contracts, are not eligible for leave, and those who are self-employed have little to no protections should they find themselves in such a situation.
I recognise that the Bill focuses on those in insecure work, but it is important to have a broad debate on paternity and maternity rights.
That is especially so when the figures are as clear as day in highlighting the rapid rise in insecure work and mortality rates among pregnant women.