Dads in insecure work, such as agency work and zero-hours contracts, are not eligible for leave, and those who are self-employed have little to no protections should they find themselves in such a situation.
I recognise that the Bill focuses on those in insecure work, but it is important to have a broad debate on paternity and maternity rights.
That is especially so when the figures are as clear as day in highlighting the rapid rise in insecure work and mortality rates among pregnant women.
I hope that if the Bill passes its Second Reading, it will open up that important debate.
At present, there is a loophole in legislation that is leaving some parents and guardians without sufficient time to grieve, plan and adjust to life without the mother of their child.
I urge colleagues to give due consideration to the Bill’s passing at Second Reading.
As I have stated, the Bill would make a massive difference to a small number of cases each year where families experience life-changing circumstances.
Those are circumstances that none of us would want for anyone; thankfully, many never face them.
Whether it is Aaron and his young son, or anyone who faces this tapestry of grief and joy, staring at a life never planned, I believe it is this place’s job to make life that little bit easier.
I would argue that that is the very least we could do.
I pay tribute to the cross-party efforts led by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Broxtowe (Darren Henry)  and  the hon.
Member for Ogmore (Chris Elmore)  to correct an injustice for parents dealing with the challenges of losing their partner and gaining a child and then not qualifying for child leave or pay.
They may even risk losing their livelihood.
I pay particular tribute to individual campaigners such as the constituent of my hon.
Friend the Member for Broxtowe, Aaron Horsey, who had the courage and conviction to  take up the cause on behalf of others while having to deal with the loss of Bernadette and bringing up his son Tim.
The backdrop to this important Bill—how we as a society handle bereavement—needs some attention.
Death and grief are too often taboos that society struggles to handle, but all our lives will be affected by bereavement at some point, whatever our age, background, religion or belief.
We must do more to provide support for those who are bereaved and, indeed, those who are facing bereavement.
As a Christian, I recall Zechariah 7:10 in the Bible:
“oppress not the widow, nor the fatherless, the stranger, nor the poor”.
Much debate, attention and action is directed to helping support the poor, the stranger and the fatherless, but perhaps less attention and action is given to the widow or the widower.
I recall a number of young widowers known to me—such as Guy Hordern—who have had to face bereavement while raising small children without their wife and the mother alongside them, and then also having to face insecurity of employment.
I also pay tribute to the UK Commission on Bereavement and its 2022 report, “Bereavement is everyone’s business”.
Bishops are not always in politicians’ good books, as the debate in the other place this week has demonstrated, but there are times for praise, and I want to praise the noble Lord Bishop of London, the chair of the commission.
She said:
“All of us will experience grief through the course of our lives.
It is a truly universal human experience, part and parcel of being mortal.
And as with every aspect of life, we all experience it differently.”
She continued:
“The pandemic…had a profound effect on how those affected have experienced bereavement.
Many people have been unable to see family and friends and…had limited access to formal support after their loved one died.
Feeling alone in their grief due to lockdown or having to shield or self-isolate has had a devastating impact.