It is interesting that not a single mast that will be delivered by the Government for the total notspots has been built yet, according to the House of Commons Library briefing.
There are challenges that are difficult to overcome, but part of the problem is that EE has not shared its masts, because it has failed to reach agreement with the other mobile network operators.
That is a commercial issue and was part of the commercial negotiations, so  whether EE was asking for too high a rate, or whether the other mobile operators were offering too low a rate, is a matter of perspective, but the reality is that we could have achieved better coverage without blighting the countryside with loads of additional masts if those operators had shared their network equipment effectively.
That is where this Bill comes in, because it would ensure that operators share their equipment wherever possible, and would penalise them where they do not.
The rate at which they would share it would be determined by Ofcom to help ease the commercial discussion along.
Sometimes sharing is not possible—sometimes a bigger, wider, stronger mast is needed and that might not be possible—and that brings me to the solution of rural roaming, which is strongly opposed by the industry.
The industry argues that it causes shortened battery life, people might drop calls, it does not deal with total notspots and, perhaps most importantly, it would undermine future investment, presumably because competitive advantage would be undermined.
However, an Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Committee report in 2019 said that it would achieve an equivalent result to the shared rural network and be achievable in around 18 months.
An Ofcom report in 2018 said that the cost did not appear disproportionate.
Since those reports, the shared rural network agreement has been signed, but there are significant concerns about the speed of roll-out, the quality of the data we are using to judge success, and the fact that this is yesterday’s technology and we are not yet there in the countryside—while the rest of the country is hoping to get 5G or stand-alone 5G in the near future.
The Bill would address those shortfalls by requiring the Secretary of State to improve rural roaming by incentivising companies to engage in that work.
In conclusion, I cannot emphasise enough—separately from the mechanism of this Bill—the importance of having better data so that when the shared rural network is assessed against its objectives, we can see what people are experiencing on the ground.
We know that rural roaming will not happen unless we force the companies to do it, because they have already shown such strong resistance, and the Government have acknowledged that.
This Bill would work alongside the shared rural network by taking steps to improve the infrastructure sharing and encouraging rural roaming wherever possible.
People might be with an operator that works at their home, and they could be out and about in their day when their mum falls over at home.
She might call an ambulance, but she cannot get hold of that person to tell them.
That is problematic in the modern age.
We need to ensure that people in rural areas are connected wherever they go, not just when they are in their home or place of work.
Matt Rodda (Reading East) (Lab): I will address a number of issues when responding for the official Opposition, and I take this opportunity to underline the importance of increasing access to broadband and the wider need for greater connectivity.
The Bill of  the hon.
Member for North Shropshire (Helen Morgan)  would have two effects, as I understand it.
First, it would require mobile network operators to  share their network infrastructure for a reasonable price.
Secondly, it would incentivise operators to allow customers of other companies to roam on to their network.