I put on record my thanks to organisations such as Gingerbread and the Fawcett Society, which have offered invaluable support and guidance in aiding the development of this Bill.
In the tradition of the House working at its best when it works cross party, I place on the record my thanks to the Minister, his officials and  the hon.
Member for Castle Point (Rebecca Harris) , who is often forgotten and never thanked for the invaluable work she does in supporting Members in the passing of private Members’ Bills.
I sincerely thank the Minister and his officials for the constructive and open way in which they have engaged in finding consensus to reach this point.
I am confident that within the political DNA of all Members of this place is an aim to almost always undertake work that has the biggest impact—work that brings about the most meaningful change for the largest group of people in society we can reach.
In doing so, however, we often miss the groups in society who are forgotten or who fall through the legislative cracks of loopholes in our laws.
I am pleased to say that this Bill will not impact tens of thousands of people across the United Kingdom, because nobody in this House or in wider society would want it to.
As its title states, it is fundamentally about the loss of a partner, wife or mother in childbirth, and about ensuring that more of those left behind have a right to leave in those most horrendous of circumstances.
The House rightly has an annual debate on child loss, which impacts too many people year after year.
To me, it is an unimaginable grief, yet like so many issues, life events and tragedies, it can be left unsaid and undebated if it is not raised by a Member.
As a husband and a parent, I cannot comprehend losing a partner in childbirth, or indeed what it is like for a child to lose either of their parents before their birth.
The phrase, “It would make anyone’s blood run cold,” is probably a grave understatement.
The trauma is unimaginable, yet every year a proportion of families must endure that most tragic of circumstances: the unimaginable joy of becoming a parent, but facing the devastating grief of losing the person you had planned the next part of your life with, and now having to somehow raise a child alone.
Like many colleagues across the House, my party has been committed to boosting and safeguarding employment and parental rights in recent decades.
In recent years, Bills have been passed on neonatal care, supporting people with baby loss and, of course, shared parental leave, but there is always much more to do.
The Bill I have tabled seeks to give a day-one right to leave for parents in the most tragic of circumstances who do not meet current continuity of service requirements, so that they have a guaranteed leave entitlement to process the grief and change in personal circumstances, along with a job to return to when they are able to do so.
I want to mention  the hon.
Member for Broxtowe (Darren Henry) , who led the charge on this issue when he introduced his ten-minute rule Bill in respect of his constituent Aaron.
I will leave him to speak of those circumstances, but I pay tribute to him for the tenacious way that he has lobbied on this issue over the past year.
Equally, in mentioning him I confess that this Bill is a little different—or perhaps a lot—from his original Bill, but for me this is about making progress on the issue.
My sincere, genuine hope is that the Bill will be the start of a process and debate about making changes to a specific area of law in the months and years to come.