I say, gently at this stage, that I can imagine that that is because our rights in Northern Ireland, which mirror entirely the employment rights of an Act of Parliament applying to England, Scotland and Wales, were proceeded with through an Order in Council.
It might be worth considering—if, indeed, it is procedurally possible—whether the Bill, if it completes Second Reading, could be amended to include Orders in Council.
The Order in Council in Northern Ireland and the relevant Act in England, Scotland and Wales are exactly the same.
With appropriate processes for legislative consent, there would be no barrier, in my mind, to anyone from Northern Ireland seeking to introduce the provisions in the Bill.
There would be no political reason or rationale for not doing so.
I make that point gently and constructively.
I hope that when the Bill receives further consideration, a very slight augmentation may provide for inclusion across this United Kingdom of such an important measure.
I should like to begin by giving my heartfelt thanks to  the hon.
Member for Ogmore (Chris Elmore)  for securing a Second Reading for the Bill.
I have been campaigning to make this change in law since the issue was first brought to my  attention by a constituent in February 2022, so I was delighted to find out that the hon.
Member had introduced a Bill to do that.
As has been evident in previous debates, including on my ten-minute rule Bill on this topic, in which we received support from Members from every major political party, this is a measure that parties can get behind.
This is truly a cross-party Bill; there is support for this issue right across the House.
It is not divisive or controversial—it simply seeks to allow individuals who have lost their partners in childbirth the right to have time to spend with their new-born child, without the need to have been previously employed for the 26-week requirement.
I have told Aaron’s story in the House on various occasions, but will continue to do so until the change is enacted in law.
In February 2022, Aaron, who is in the Public Gallery today, came to my constituency surgery in Stapleford in Broxtowe.
In his arms was Tim, his three-week-old son.
Tim’s mother Bernadette had tragically passed away during childbirth.
Aaron, however, had not been employed by his company for the 26 weeks required by law to access shared parental leave and pay.
I have since that meeting felt that it was my purpose in this House, as well as representing my constituency, to right this wrong.
In our modern society, people should not be forced to choose between their families and their jobs.
Providing the security that allows a parent to take time off with their new-born child, knowing they will return to their job, is essential.
That is no less important for the sole surviving parent than it would be for the birthing partner.
As a father, I cannot imagine being in the same situation as Aaron.
We must do more to ensure that as much support as possible is in place for parents who find themselves in that incredibly difficult position.
Aaron was lucky, because his company was kind enough to allow him the time he needed, but others may not be in that position.
Instead of sitting back quietly, however, Aaron was determined to make a change so that others did not find themselves unable to take leave.
He has campaigned alongside me for this change in law for two years, and I thank him for the bravery and determination he continues to show.
This Bill is fairly unique in that it gives something we cannot often grant as Members of Parliament: time.
Specifically, it gives time to spend with a newborn following tragic circumstances.
It is time that, if missed, cannot be regained.