It affects a small number in our society who need the help of this Government and their employers.
If an individual falls through this gap, they could find themselves faced with the choice of losing their job or losing spending time with their new-born child—not a choice anybody should have to make.
To summarise, we have a gap in our law.
It does not affect a huge amount of people in the UK, but those that it does affect feel the impact.
The Bill will ensure that individuals who lose their partners in childbirth have the assurance that they will have leave, no matter how long they have been employed by their company, to take that crucial time to be with their child.
The alternative may be companies losing valued employees and new fathers becoming unemployed during one of the hardest moments of their lives.
We have the opportunity to change that today.
I will wind up my remarks today by thanking all those who have got us to this point: the hon.
Member for Ogmore, the officials, the Under-Secretary of State for Business and Trade, my parliamentary team, Lillie Grant and Joshua Stefan, all those who have contributed today, and lastly, and most importantly, Aaron.
Thank you.
I refer the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
I commend  the hon.
Member for  Ogmore (Chris Elmore)  for introducing this important bill, as well as my hon.
Friend  the Member for Broxtowe (Darren Henry) , who I understand has also attempted to introduce a similar Bill previously.
It is difficult for us to imagine the impact and trauma a family must go through on the loss of a mother during childbirth.
Besides all the emotional impact of that loss of a loved one, the parent that remains has all the pressures of caring for the newly arrived baby and any other children without their other half.
At a time when the family will be going through huge distress and the challenges of keeping the family going, it is only right that the father and other parent figures can be given all the support possible to get through such challenging circumstances.
As a parent myself with two young children, I would certainly find it near on impossible to cope with the loss of my wife and all that she does.
I am sure Members across the House would agree that our other halves take on a huge amount, so to lose one in such a tragic circumstance is impossible to imagine.
Though it is difficult for us to think about, those who lose their partner in childbirth must find a way of continuing life without them, and managing, without much thought for themselves, for the sake of their children and raising a newly born baby alone.
In those challenging circumstances, it is clear to me, as it will be to Members across the House, that time off work will be needed to sort out a number of issues and most importantly to care for and look after the newly arrived baby.
As the father of two children, I know the round-the-clock attention new babies need from a parent.
Such parents should have an equal right to be granted the same parental leave.
The baby should be at the top of the list of priorities, without their parent having to worry about how they can juggle everything, cope alone and fight for time off work.
As the hon.
Member for Ogmore said, to qualify for leave currently an individual must be continuously employed by the same employer for at least 26 weeks by the end of the 15th week before the baby’s due date.
For someone to be denied this leave simply because of the length of time they have worked for an employer is totally outrageous.