As the hon.
Member for Ogmore said, to qualify for leave currently an individual must be continuously employed by the same employer for at least 26 weeks by the end of the 15th week before the baby’s due date.
For someone to be denied this leave simply because of the length of time they have worked for an employer is totally outrageous.
The Bill is likely to be of benefit to only a small number of people each year, as has been mentioned, but it is necessary to address the injustice of their exclusion from the parental leave they so desperately need.
Although I recognise the potential impact of this change on employers, it is far outweighed by the impact on those families who find themselves in this circumstance.
This flexibility is also potentially beneficial for employers as it enables them to retain an employee in the workforce.
Without that supportive approach, a parent may find themselves in the impossible situation of having no choice but to give up work to look after their new baby.
I fully support the Bill.
Where a mother has died, removing the continuity of employment conditions for the father or partner will ensure that families who have been through such difficult trauma get the basic entitlement that they deserve and can bring up their new baby as a parent should.
I hope the Bill has a successful passage through the House and the other place.
I suspect the population of the United Kingdom are not gripped by Parliament TV at the moment, but I wish they were, because debates such as this show the humanity of Members of the House.
This whole discussion is based on humanity, and it says a lot about  the hon.
Member for Ogmore (Chris Elmore)  that he has taken on a Bill that my hon.
Friend  the Member for Broxtowe (Darren Henry)  has worked on to bring about positive change.
When I became a Member of Parliament, I thought how difficult it was to change the lives of thousands of people in one go, but if we can change the life of one person in a positive way, even if it is in very tragic circumstances, it is a worthwhile thing for us to do, so I am pleased to take part in this debate.
I refer to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
I am a practising solicitor and partner in a firm of solicitors.
People have different views on whether that is a good or a bad thing, but I would like to think that I work hard as an MP.
When we talk about employment rights, even in the most tragic of circumstances, I sometimes feel that the views of small employers, the backbone of our economy, are not represented, and I will give a few thoughts on that today.
As my hon.
Friend the Member for Broxtowe has rightly said, some of the commentary on the Bill has been about how employers would react to such circumstances.
When I come down here to be a Member of Parliament, including on a Friday, I am very lucky that I have a wife who runs a business, looks after two children, looks after a dog, looks after a family, and does literally everything in respect of that.
She has the pressures of life on her, and she maintains a business in challenging circumstances; we employ approximately 20 people.
She is my template when I think what she would make of the Bill.
We are a business that does not make vast fortunes of money; we rely on treasured and important employees being able to create incomes so that we can pay wages.
None the less, I do not believe, unless my hon.
Friend has been told something different, that a small business, even in the most challenging circumstances, would seek to terminate the employment of somebody who has gone through such a bereavement.