I was here last Friday, when the House was debating a different subject, and the question often asked is why we should legislate on such matters.
It is important that this House, and through it our democratic will, guides employers on what we feel are matters of importance and priority, and this is another example of a Bill that does that.
Making employers aware that this is an issue that our democratically elected Parliament feels is important is incredibly important.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that businesses also need to consider leave and pay if they are to retain good staff?
That is absolutely correct.
Obviously there are bad employers, but the colleagues I know who run their own businesses, who value their employees, would certainly not resile from their responsibilities to those employees.
I appreciate the point about legislation, but we must have faith that employers will rise to the challenge.
I think very few employers—I am sure there are some bad examples—would resile from that challenge.
Before us we have a Bill that states Parliament’s clear view that a grave injustice must be remedied.
It is an honest Bill that says it is the start of a journey, a discussion not only about how we can build on the Bill, but how flexible working and other employment legislation can develop and respond to the modern economy.
I have severe concerns about flexible working from home.
My local authority tells me that a lot of people are no longer working in the town centre, which is having a hugely detrimental impact on the high street.
The Bill is  part of sensible and pragmatic employment legislation, and part of an ongoing response to the modern economy and modern needs that understands the nuances and differences in people’s lives.
Any Bill that touches a person’s life in a positive way should be fought for, and this is a good Bill.
I encourage the Under-Secretary of State for Business and Trade, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Thirsk and Malton (Kevin Hollinrake) , to think about the points our hon.
Friend  the Member for Congleton (Fiona Bruce)  made about bereavement counselling.
There is in my constituency a wonderful charity that deals with the consequences for parents of suicide and supports parents and carers in those circumstances.
In this ongoing debate, we need to think about how the state can invest in services that give people the best chance to come to terms with horrific events.
We are a good Parliament, ours is a good country, and this debate shows that.
It shows humanity and reflects our belief that employers will rise to the challenge the Bill sets.
I think Aaron and Tim will forever be proud of what has happened here today.
I call the shadow Minister.
It is a pleasure to follow  the hon.
Member for Bury North (James Daly) , who made some important points to which I will return.
At the outset of my speech, however, I will take the opportunity to praise my hon.
Friend  the Member for Ogmore (Chris Elmore) .
He already has a reputation as an impressive and skilful operator in the House, and the way he presented his Bill today will only add to that reputation.
Labour Members want his Bill to make progress today, and perhaps to open up a broader debate about employment rights.