I, along with the entire Northwest Florida community, thank Deputy Hollingsworth for his devotion to duty and commitment to excellence.
His valiant actions exemplify the very best of Northwest Florida's law enforcement.
I

am proud to have him serving in Florida's First Congressional District.
On behalf of the United States House of Representatives, I am privileged to recognize Deputy William Hollingsworth for his unwavering commitment to upholding the values of our local law enforcement agencies.
I thank him for his service and offer my warmest regards and best wishes to him and his family.
RECOGNIZING SUPERINTENDENT CHRIS EVANS OF THE NATOMAS UNIFIED SCHOOL



DISTRICT BOARD OF TRUSTEES

Ms. MATSUI.
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honor of Superintendent Chris Evans of the Natomas Unified School District Board.
With over 30 years of dedication to academia and consistent investment to close the achievement gap, 
Mr. Evans' contribution to Sacramento is indelible.
Mr. Evans has been in public education since his graduation from Sacramento State University in 1993.
He spent years as a social studies teacher, coach, and an athletic director before his work in administration.
As principal of Valley High School where he was recognized as leading one of Newsweek's Best High Schools in America,

Mr. Evans soon became the Assistant Superintendent of the Fresno Unified School District--the fourth largest district in California, During 
Mr. Evans' twelve-year contribution with Natomas Unified School District, he has transitioned students to virtual learning during the COVID-19 pandemic and maneuvered a rising student population of over 5000 since his initiation.
With IB programs available for students in grades TK-12, Natomas Unified is mauiculating passionate learners that are built for intercultural awareness and respect for all.
I recognize 
Mr. Evans' commendable diligence through the expansion of the Career Technical Programs, increasing high school graduation rates, and student acceptances to Universjty of California schools and California State University schools.
The Natomas Unified School District has been integral for 
Mr. Evans' collaboration and perseverance to growing independent learners and instilling a comprehensive and engaging curriculum.
Mr. Speaker, today we celebrate the retirement of Chris Evans, for enriching the Sacramento Area with academic success in the public sector.
We wish 
Mr. Evans prosperity as a founder for Action-Oriented Leaders and look forward to witnessing his future successes as a torchbearer in the Sacramento Area.
I thank all those involved with supporting our youth with the tools they deserve to thrive in life.
Mr. Evans' investment in our community and public service is not unnoticed.