Given their three massive reverse ferrets of recent weeks, I must say I had thought that the Government had perfected the art of the U-turn.
After all, they had had U-turns on winter fuel payments and the two-child benefit cap—each, in its own way, a little masterpiece of slow-motion dithering and indecision.
But then, the other day, the Government upped their game significantly by executing a comprehensive 180° U-turn on their decision to hold a statutory inquiry into grooming gangs, having repeatedly said that it was not necessary.
Brilliantly, the Prime Minister managed to U-turn at the same time on his own speech about the UK being an island of strangers.
I naively believed that that was the state of the art—the Government had maxed out on U-turns and nobody could be more bewilderingly incompetent than that.
How wrong I was.
On Tuesday, we saw something that was almost unheard of in the 750 years of our  Parliament—a Minister pulling out his chainsaw and disembowelling his own Government’s flagship welfare Bill in mid-air on live television from the Dispatch Box.
Really, Mr Speaker, that outstrips my poor powers of description.
We need the pen of a Shakespeare or a Thackeray to do it justice; it is the quintessence of cock-up.
But, actually, Mr Speaker, this past week has been much worse even than that.
Just as Nick Clegg was defined by his U-turn on student fees, so the Prime Minister will be defined by this moment: a new and supposedly reforming Government with an enormous majority have been unable not to cut, but to reduce the rate of increase in public spending on benefits, let alone make any serious actual reforms to protect people.
There has been a remarkable complacency about this Government and this past week has shown it up.
They regard disagreement as something to be ignored or crushed: they do not answer questions at the Dispatch Box; they obfuscate on written questions; they try to ignore the Opposition; they dismiss the House of Lords; and they spurn their own Back Benchers.
Loyal Labour MPs, concerned about disabled people, have been trying to get a hearing on this issue for months, only to be repeatedly rejected, and this has been the result.
Three things follow from it.
First, there are the immediate consequences.
It will be next to impossible now for the Government to achieve meaningful reform of the welfare system.
They have shown that they have no ability to make savings.
Taxes will go up while the economy continues to stall.
Little wonder the gilt market exploded during Prime Minister’s questions yesterday.
Secondly, the Prime Minister has opened the door to future rebellions.
Indeed, he has gone further than that; he has written the playbook for them.
Doubtless, he will have a reshuffle sometime soon.
Loyal dissenters will be punished, the talented cast out, and Select Committee Chairs bought off, but that will make no difference.
There will be others—the Select Committee Chairs have shown that they are a powerful new force in Labour politics.
Finally, the Prime Minister has massively damaged his own reputation.
He has endlessly harped on about the need for professional competence and moral seriousness, but this has been a year in government that started with a host of undisclosed personal gifts received and has ended with utter political humiliation.
He has shown that he is in office, but not in power.
What is the point of this Government?
No one knows, not even the Prime Minister.
I start by sending all our condolences to the friends and family of Liverpool football club star, Diogo Jota, following the shocking news of his and his brother’s death in a tragic car accident.
It came only two weeks after his wedding and after winning last season’s premier league.
I am sure the thoughts of the whole House are with his family, friends, Liverpool teammates and former Wolves teammates.