Last month, I was pleased to host a true heritage champion, Dame Mary Beard, in Colchester.
She came to visit an incredible sporting heritage site: Britain’s only known Roman chariot racing track, the Colchester Roman Circus.
She, like me, thinks that we should make much more of the site and that we are missing a national trick if we do not.
Does the Minister agree that any new housing development adjacent to the site must make the most of this national heritage value, and will he visit the site, which surely combines both elements of his brief—actually, all the elements: sport, culture and media—in the most spectacular fashion?
Ben Hur.
Did you say Ben Hur, Mr Speaker?
I do not think we are going to enact Ben Hur.
We could ride two chariots at once.
It is not rugby league, Mr Speaker.
As my hon.
Friend knows, I fully support the project, which I know she has been engaged in since before she was an MP right through until now.
I am delighted that she has Mary Beard involved and I am sure that by  the end of this, she will be able to pronounce “Veni, vidi, vici.”
The Secretary of State and I are lucky enough to represent Greater Manchester constituencies, in a part of the country that played a pivotal role in our industrial heritage.
Now, although Wigan is lovely, it is not Hazel Grove, so she will not have the junction of the Macclesfield and Peak Forest canal, she will not have our wonderful Marple aqueduct and she will not have one of the longest lock flights in the country.
What support will the Minister give to communities like mine that are keen to see our area have world heritage site status so that these heritage assets get the support, funding and protection that they deserve?
Well, I have just been told that I am on the side of Wigan. [
Laughter.]
But there is a more serious point here, which is that the UK has 35 UNESCO world heritage sites.
We are one of the two biggest contributors in the world to UNESCO and passionate supporters of it.
There is a slight danger that if we have too many and we add too many to the list, people will start trying to take others off us, so we have to manage it carefully.
None the less, the hon.
Lady makes a good point about the historic sites in many of our constituencies that we need to preserve, not least as part of our tourism offer for international visitors.
What steps she is taking to support children’s access to theatre.
Arts and culture were erased from both our classrooms and our communities for 14 years, and we are wasting no time in fixing that.
I am really pleased that in February we were able to announce the £270 million arts everywhere fund, which will help a whole generation of young people to access theatre and the arts that they deserve, as part of their richer, larger lives.
I recently visited Keir Hardie primary school in Canning Town, which has been involved in a scheme run by Disney that ended up with 42 of the children performing in “The Jungle Book” in the west end.
The children are now absolutely enthused by the idea of performance and theatre, and the teachers tell me that their concentration is better, their confidence is better and they are showing benefits in their academic work.
Does the Secretary of State agree that as well as the benefits of access to theatre, there are clearly academic benefits too?
We need to see more opportunities like this, particularly in constituencies like mine, where circumstances often mean that children do not get access to this kind of thing.
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend and throw the Government’s full weight behind the work he is doing to support this area?