I can assure him that the Secretary of State for Transport is personally very committed to ensuring that all our stations become step-free, with access to all eventually.
It is a big job, because over half the stations across the country do not currently have that.
It is important not just for those with disabilities, but for those with buggies and young children, those who carry lots of luggage and all sorts of other people to ensure that our transport network is truly accessible.
To help everybody, let me say that my intention is to call everyone, so let us help each other by speeding through.
As a good example, I call Andy MacNae.
Every day in my constituency, we are faced with poorly organised and overrunning street works clogging up our roads.
A lane rental scheme through which companies pay for  the time the works take would reduce such delays on our busiest roads.
However, I remain frustrated that, so far, Lancashire county council has refused to introduce one.
I welcomed the announcement last year by the Secretary of State for Transport that the authority for lane rental schemes would be devolved to regional mayors.
However, it was notably absent from the English Devolution White Paper, so I am concerned that it may fall by the wayside.
Will the Leader of the House agree to a debate in Government time on this important subject?
My hon.
Friend is always a good candidate to call early, because he asks good questions about his constituency.
He is absolutely right that poorly managed roadworks are a blight on our communities; I hear about that many times in these sessions.
We are giving local areas more powers in that regard and are doubling fines and applying charges of up to £10,000 a day for utility works that overrun.
He can be assured that the devolution Bill will be coming before this House imminently.
As I am sure you, Mr Speaker, and the Leader of the House know, the number of children who have been killed in the war on Gaza now runs into the many thousands.
Similar numbers of children have been mutilated and injured, and a large number of them require specialist medical treatment.
As I hope she knows, countries across the west have responded by bringing those children who cannot get the treatment that they need in Gaza to their country for treatment.
Shamefully, the UK has not done so, admitting only two children so far.
The Home Secretary has inexplicably refused many applications to come here, despite the fact that Project Pure Hope has raised all the money required for the children’s transport, treatment and maintenance.
May we please have a statement, so that MPs can understand why the numbers are so small, why applications have been refused, and what the Government will do to increase the number?
If we cannot have a statement, may we at least have a meeting between the relevant Minister and a cross-party delegation of MPs to discuss what more can be done to help these children in dire need?
I thank the right hon.
Member for raising this important issue.
As he says, the situation in Gaza—the suffering, the killing, the lack of aid and support—is totally intolerable and unacceptable, and needs to be brought to an end.
That is what this Government have focused on doing in all their efforts in the middle east.
We once again hold some hope of that ceasefire happening.
He raises an important point about children who need hospital care and treatment.
I will gladly arrange for a Minister to meet him and a delegation of others to talk about how the UK Government can play our part.
We all know that Morecambe and Lunesdale is the most beautiful constituency in the country, and the village of Dent is particularly beautiful.
Unfortunately, 40% of homes there are now second homes or short-term holiday lets.