Do they include the Muslim Council of Britain?
May we have an oral statement, to provide some badly needed transparency?
It is really important that we tackle Islamophobia in this country.
It has been on the rise in recent years, and it is one of the biggest issues raised with me as a constituency MP.
We are considering how best to tackle it and define the issues.
As ever, all Government consultations are open and transparent, and all the findings will be published and brought to the House in due course.
May I place on the record my sadness at the loss of Diogo Jota and his brother Andre?
I know it will be felt across my city of Liverpool.
My thoughts and prayers are with his wife and three young children.
The six-week statutory maximum for the use of bed-and-breakfast accommodation is being ignored.
Under the direction of the late Lord Prescott and the previous Labour Government, this rule was enforced, and while I welcome our Government’s commitment to building social homes, we need short to medium-term interventions to address the crisis now.
We cannot wait for the social homes to be built.
Will the Leader of the House enable a debate to take place in Government time on the 165,000 children languishing in temporary accommodation?
I thank my hon.
Friend, a Liverpool MP, for mentioning the tragic loss of Diogo Jota in that terrible car accident.
My hon.
Friend is a champion of children who live in temporary accommodation and highlights the blight it casts on their lives.
We absolutely have to tackle the very high number of children living in temporary accommodation, and she is right to raise some of the ways we can do that, but I am sure she would agree that the best way is to provide people with a long-term stable home.
That is why we are committed to the biggest social housing programme in a generation.
Those of us who have been involved in the mishandled transition of post offices from directly managed branches to franchises, as has happened in Bexhill, have seen how poorly the Post Office has responded to local businesses that want to run those branches and the MPs who support them.
Will the Leader of the House agree with me, on the record, that it really matters when businesses like the Post Office pay lip service to MPs’ views but ignore us on matters of substance?
I agree absolutely.
I have seen at first hand as a constituency MP what happens when we lose a Crown post office and have instead a franchised service that does not match the one it is replacing.
It is vital that MPs are able to play their role as champions of their local communities and the services they receive, including post offices.
Post Office Ltd should pay more heed to them.
Barely a week goes by when my email inbox does not swell with people getting in touch about one particular issue.
Whether  from Lichfield, Burntwood or the villages of Longdon, Streethey, Handsacre, Hill Ridware, Armitage and Abbots Bromley, residents are writing to me electronically with complaints about poor service from Royal Mail.
They tell me that days go by without deliveries, but when I write to Royal Mail, I am told there is no problem; deliveries are going out six days a week.
That just does not chime with the experience of my constituents.
Staff at Lichfield delivery office tell me that they are not being offered overtime, and as a result, they are failing to meet the universal service obligation, and face pressure to prioritise higher-value deliveries, like parcels.
Royal Mail still tells me that there is no issue.
Will the Leader of the House arrange for a statement to be made to this House on how the Government are ensuring that Royal Mail meets the universal service obligation?
I thank my hon.