The last Government showed a violent indifference to theatre and the arts in general.
We have more than doubled investment into the creative industries and made them one of our eight priorities for growth.
I am proud to be working with theatres, big and small, across the country to usher in a new golden era in which they can flourish.
What steps her Department is taking to ensure the creative industries sector plan supports the growth of live music.
May I take a moment to echo the shadow Minister’s comments about Diogo Jota?
We received the heartbreaking news before we came into the Chamber that he tragically lost his life at just 28 years of age.
The whole House and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Liverpool Wavertree (Paula Barker)  in particular will be heartbroken by this news, and I want to send our sympathies to his friends and family on behalf of the whole House.
The whole House should be proud of the creative industries sector plan.
We worked on it with the creative industries as a whole and with Members across the House.
I am really pleased that we have a transformative music growth package worth up to £30 million in that sector plan that more than doubles annual funding.
The Secretary of State will know that  Oasis kicks off their world tour this week, and I am proud that their first English gig is in the borough of Bury—a brilliant moment for Manchester’s world-class  live music scene.
Hosting the five sold-out shows with 72,000 fans a night brings the band 50 million quid, but it brings serious local pressure on licensing, safety, transport and clean-up, yet Bury receives no funding for those additional costs.
The as yet unconfirmed suggested £25,000 community fund barely scratches the surface.
While we are proud to host, should the legacy of such a global event really just be the prep and clear-up costs?
Will the Secretary of State and her Department ensure that communities like mine see a fairer share of the benefit and not just the burden of hosting major cultural events?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
It is absolutely fitting that Oasis are returning to Greater Manchester, and Bury is a very fitting venue, not least because my hon.
Friend has long championed live music and also indulged—or should I say inflicted?—live music on many of us for years.
He will know that this Government are keen to ensure that the communities feel the benefit.
In particular, the Minister for Creative Industries, Arts and Tourism has been working hard with industry to introduce a levy on arena and stadium tickets to ensure that we support small venues and help more artists tour nationally.
The arts and music in particular are an ecosystem, which we are determined to rebuild after 14 years of neglect.
I very much support the creative industries sector plan.
I think it will do a lot of good in ensuring that live music is promoted, and I hope to see some of the trickle-down effect that the Secretary of State talks about, but the creative industries sector plan also talks about establishing a copyright regime that values and protects human creativity.
Can she say when we might see the promised report, when the working groups might be set up, and who will be asked to serve on them?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for that question, because I know this has caused considerable concern to many people in this House and the other place.
We are absolutely committed to bringing forward legislative change that provides certainty and clarity both for AI and tech companies and for the creative industries, and to ensuring that transparency and remuneration are at the heart of that legislation.
As he rightly says, the creative industries are central to the future of our economy and must be protected.
The Government recognise that as well.
My right hon.