It is a legacy of one in 10 working-age people on sickness or disability benefits; a legacy of a generation of young people with no mental health support and too few opportunities; a legacy of over 7 million people on NHS waiting lists, many unable to work; a legacy of stagnant growth and no plan for job creation.
It is this Government who are tackling those long-term challenges.
The shadow Leader of the House wants to talk about the Government’s anniversary.
I am really happy to talk about our anniversary, because I am proud of our first year in office: our 10-year NHS plan coming out today, and waiting lists coming down month on month; a new, ambitious industrial strategy, creating job opportunities around the country; mental health support and the skills revolution; British jobs for British workers, with decent pay and conditions; the biggest investment in affordable and social housing in 50 years; finally clearing up our rivers and seas; bringing the railways into public ownership; creating GB Energy and getting bills down; half a million more children getting free school meals every day, and new free breakfast clubs; wages going up, and the biggest ever wage rise for the lowest-paid workers.
That is the change that people voted for, and that is the change that we are bringing in.
Tomorrow is another anniversary—one that the Tories do not want to talk about: their worst ever election defeat.
They were utterly rejected, and one year on, it has got no better for them—it is just getting worse and   worse.
They have not learned, they have not reflected, they have not apologised.
The shadow Leader of the House talks about U-turns, but no one knows more about changing position and changing direction than the Conservatives.
They changed Prime Ministers three times in three months!
They went from austerity one month to spaffing money up the wall the next.
One moment it was levelling-up, and the next it was funnelling money into the shires—from Brexit opportunities to Brexit disaster.
One day they had an industrial strategy, the next they ripped it up.
They were for net zero, then against it.
They could not even cancel HS2 properly.
In 14 years they have had more positions than the Kama Sutra.
It is no wonder they are completely knackered.
My constituency has a fantastic group of volunteers and sponsors for Congleton Pride, but they have had to show extraordinary resilience after multiple attacks on their banners for Pride month and our major Pride event.
I know that the Leader of the House will want to thank all the volunteers and sponsors who have provided new banners and put more banners in more locations.
I thank very much the volunteers for persevering and the police for their involvement in this matter, and I thank the members of the community who support Pride.
I encourage as many people as possible to come to the Pride event in Congleton town centre on  Saturday 19 July  from 10 am.
Please can we have a debate in Government time about how we can support the LGBTQ+ community?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that important matter.
I am really sorry to hear that banners relating to the Congleton Pride have been vandalised in such a way; that is completely unacceptable.
I am sure that on  19 July  the whole community will want to come out and support the LGBT community in Congleton, because that is exactly what they should be doing.
As she knows, the Government are committed to supporting the community and to taking steps to tackle homophobic hate crime.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Several of my Chelmsford constituents have contacted me about the lack of local NHS dentistry services.
One constituent told me an all too familiar story: waiting list for NHS patients are either too long or closed, so he has had to rely on private dentistry for routine check-ups.