My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise this matter, and I sincerely thank her for bringing it to the House; it is not something we talk about enough.
The creative industries sector plan contained £150 million-worth of funding for the creative places growth fund.
Much of that funding is being devolved to  local areas, and I will ensure that my colleagues and I work closely with my hon.
Friend and with local leaders, particularly mayors of combined authorities, to ensure that as we roll out that funding, it is accessible to everybody.
What recent assessment she has made of the potential impact of changes to employer national insurance contributions on charities.
The Government highly value the charity sector and its positive contribution.
However, we have had to take a number of difficult decisions on tax, welfare and spending to fix the public finances, fund public services and restore economic stability.
The National Council for Voluntary Organisations puts the cost at £1.4 billion.
That is right, isn’t it?
I reiterate that we really value the charity sector, but we have had to make some very difficult decisions.
What discussions she has had with sports governing bodies on ensuring that they are compliant with the Supreme Court judgment in the case of For Women Scotland  The Scottish Ministers.
We have discussed the ruling with Sport England and UK Sport.
It obviously has profound implications for sport as a whole, and those organisations are currently considering the implications for their own guidance.
We are keen to support them in that, but my hon.
Friend will know that national governing bodies set their own policies for who can participate in domestic competition.
More than two months after the Supreme Court clarified the law, there remains a long list of sporting bodies that are denying fairness to women and girls, including Parkrun and, remarkably, sports such as weightlifting and wrestling—the mind boggles.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that there is no need to wait for further guidance and that these bodies should take the advice of the Prime Minister and get on with it?
As I said to my hon.
Friend a moment ago, we have been working closely with sporting bodies to support them as they implement the recent judgment by the Supreme Court.
As a Government, we have always been clear that, when it comes to women’s sport, biology matters and our sporting bodies need to come up with policies that protect fairness and safety, while rightly ensuring that everyone has the opportunity to participate in sport in some capacity.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of dormant assets funding on access to sport for young people in Bournemouth.
The Government recently published their first ever dormant assets strategy, setting out how £440 million will be distributed in England.
Some £132.5 million will increase disadvantaged young people’s access to enrichment opportunities in the arts, culture, sport and wider youth services.
The Henry Brown centre in West Howe, in my Bournemouth West constituency, runs a range of activities for the community, including the Changes Are Made boxing club, which provides positive sport activities for local young people and aims to raise awareness about the dangers of knife crime.
Like many community centres and clubs, it would like to expand but struggles to find the funds to do so.
Will the Minister tell me how CAM and the Henry Brown centre can access the dormant asset funds to expand the amazing work that they are doing in the local area?
The Government will work with the National Lottery Community Fund to decide on the specific programmes, and we will outline how that funding will be allocated shortly.
I pay tribute to the organisations in my hon.
Friend’s constituency for their work and activities, and I would happily meet her to discuss the issue further.
What recent progress her Department has made on delivering the creative industries sector plan.