I pay tribute to the organisations in my hon.
Friend’s constituency for their work and activities, and I would happily meet her to discuss the issue further.
What recent progress her Department has made on delivering the creative industries sector plan.
The UK is a creative superpower and we are determined to take off the brakes that have been on for far too long.
Our creative industries sector plan is the start of a 10-year journey that will firmly establish the UK as the leader in this, and we are working with creative businesses, big and small, in every part of the country to implement and build on this amazing ambition.
Thanks to a Labour council, mayor and Government working together, diggers are now in the ground at the Crown Works site in my constituency, preparing it for transformation into film studios.
The selection of a private sector partner is now starting, so can the Secretary of State say how the Government’s industrial strategy for the creative industries, which specifically mentions this project, will ensure that the scheme is delivered, while also supporting the wider screen industry cluster in north-east England?
Anyone who has ever visited Sunderland will know why the film industry is based there and why it is thriving there.
We are determined to support that.
We are working with Sunderland city council and the North East mayoral combined authority.
They are confident  that a private investor will be secured to support Crown Works film studios.
I thank my hon.
Friend for the incredible work that he is doing to support the project, bring great jobs and growth to north-east England, and help our amazing film industry thrive.
Last week, I spent time at the Box museum in Plymouth, before heading to Plympton in my constituency for the unveiling of a blue plaque to honour the life of Sir Charles Lock Eastlake, who was the first director of the National Gallery and chair of the commission to procure art for the new Palace of Westminster.
One question that was raised was about tax incentives for philanthropic giving to museums and art galleries.
I note the tax relief mentioned in the creative industries sector plan, so will the Secretary of State tell me if that will address the question raised with me by the sector last week?
We are working on a plan to bring forward more philanthropy in the UK, as well as social impact investing.
We think there is enormous untapped potential, and we are looking at all aspects of that.
We will bring more detail to the House shortly.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
This Government are betting big on the creative industries.
We have put them at the heart of our industrial strategy, with a sector plan backed by £380 million of investment that will boost regional growth, stimulate private investment and create thousands more high-quality jobs.
Talent is everywhere, but opportunity is not, and this Government have wasted no time in turning that around.
Scarborough Athletic football club is proudly 100% fan owned.
Recently, the home ground that it rents from North Yorkshire council was declared unfit to play on due to botched astroturf installation.
The club faces significant financial losses now that they need to play matches at another ground.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss what support is available to secure the future of this beloved club, which is at the heart of our community?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her work championing such an amazing local club, and we are pleased to support her in that endeavour.
I encourage her to explore the support available via the premier league stadium fund delivered by the Football Foundation.
The Government are pleased to be supporting grassroots clubs with £98 million of funding for the multi-sport grassroots facilities programme through the next financial year, which will build new facilities and upgrade facilities.