He is absolutely right: the attacks that took place in Taybeh last week were outrageous and should not have been allowed to happen.
If we are all going to be the hands and feet of Jesus, we have to speak out when we see such atrocities happen.
We must be a voice for the voiceless.
I hear him when he says that the Church must speak out every day against what is happening in Gaza, and indeed across the whole occupied territories.
What statutory powers the Church plans to use to facilitate Project Spire.
I thank the right hon.
Member for his question and draw his attention to a written response I gave on  22 April .
It is the Church’s intention, subject to the approval of the trustees, for the Church Commissioners to make an application to the Charity Commission to authorise an ex gratia payment under section 106 of the Charities Act 2011 on the basis of moral obligation.
A number of Members this morning have lobbied for expenditure to repair their churches, and the hon.
Lady has told them to lobby the Government—the Department for Culture, Media and Sport—for that money.
At the same time, the Church has already spent £5 million on this project, with the aspiration of taking it to £1 billion, when the Charity Commission has yet to deliver its verdict on whether that is within the charitable objectives allowable.
How has that been allowed to happen?
These are two separate issues.
What is going on in relation to funding for Project Spire is totally separate to any other funding—the listed places of worship grant scheme is a separate scheme.
The buildings for mission fund that supports our churches is totally separate.
What information the Church holds on the operational situation of the Anglican al-Ahli hospital in Gaza.
The Israeli attacks on patients and medics at hospitals are abhorrent, as I have said on many occasions.
The Church is in close contact with the diocese of Jerusalem, which oversees the al-Ahli hospital in Gaza.
The challenges of operating while under attack by Israel, and with the hospital and church buildings having been struck directly on eight separate occasions, mean that the hospital is in chaos.
It will soon run out of fuel and medical supplies.
I raised the al-Ahli hospital at the end of last year, when it suffered quite a lot of damage.
The situation has deteriorated rapidly since then.
I understand that the hospital, as my hon.
Friend outlined, has suffered further damage, including the loss of its emergency room.
Given it is one of the few functioning hospitals left in Gaza, does my hon.
Friend agree that it is vital that it stays open?
Given it is one of the oldest hospitals, operating for almost 140 years, its loss would be an absolutely damning indictment of the disregard for the medical facilities, and for the health and lives of the Palestinian people.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The diocese of Jerusalem has informed us that the hospital continues to provide critical medical services—but only just.
Food, fuel and medical supplies are critically low due to Israel preventing aid from getting into Gaza.
The Church Commissioners repeat the diocese’s urgent calls for a renewed ceasefire, and the establishment of safe and sustained humanitarian corridors.
I urge the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office to pressure Israel to allow in fuel and vital medical supplies.
What steps the Church of England is taking to help to tackle poverty.
Churches and all our faith communities make a powerful difference in the lives of all our constituents every single day, and Church of England parishes provide more than 31,000 social action projects in church schools and educate millions of children each day.
Parish initiatives include food banks, credit unions, warm spaces, school clubs and other forms of family support.