Member for Battersea, representing the Church Commissioners, was asked—
What steps the Church of England is taking to support people on low incomes in rural communities.
Our most recent figures show that the Church of England was involved in more than 31,000 community projects across the country, including in my hon.
Friend’s constituency of Harlow.
In addition, funding for churches in the lowest income communities is set to increase from £91 million in the past three years to £133.5 million.
In the local authority of Harlow, 30% of children are living in poverty, according to research by Loughborough University and the End Child Poverty coalition.
Poverty also exists in rural areas of my constituency, such as Sheering and Nazeing.
Many families turn to their local place of worship for support.
Luckily, Harlow has several places of worship of different faiths and denominations offering help.
Can my hon.
Friend say a little more about what the Church is doing in the area to support families struggling with the cost of living?
My hon.
Friend is a good representative for the people of Harlow.
In his constituency, St Mary Magdalene church runs a vibrant Sunday school and mothers’ union, with lots of events and activities for all the community.
St Stephen’s church  runs a parent and toddler group while also supporting local care homes.
St Paul’s and St Mary’s churches partner with the local food bank and run a Bounty club with the Michael Roberts Charitable Trust, offering good, healthy food at a low cost.
With the closure of many churches in rural communities in England and in Scotland, too, are the commissioners concerned that people living in rural areas, particularly those on low incomes, might not be able to access worship within easy reach of their own communities?
The right hon.
Gentleman asks an important question.
The Church values all its rural communities, and that is why we have so many different projects to ensure that places of worship not only exist, but operate as a community hub to ensure that people in those local areas have places to go, whether that is for worship, a local food bank, or a mother and baby group.
What assessment the Church Commissioners have made of the potential impact of the £25,000 cap in the listed places of worship grant scheme on levels of church repairs.
What steps the Church plans to take to support listed places of worship with repairs and renovations after the conclusion of the listed places of worship grant scheme.
What assessment the Church Commissioners have made of the potential impact of the £25,000 cap in the listed places of worship grant scheme on levels of church repairs.
The Church estimates that around 260 church buildings will be impacted by the changes to the listed places of worship grant scheme.
Some 206 of those have multi-year projects already under way that will need to find further funding.
I recently met representatives from churches that have been impacted with the Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Barnsley South (Stephanie Peacock) , so that they could share their concerns with her.
I hope, following the spending review settlement, that the Department for Culture, Media and Sport will clarify the support that churches will get and that will be available to them going forward.
In North East Derbyshire, we are proud to have many historic, beautiful churches that reflect the many broad traditions within Christian faith in this country.
Can my hon.
Friend please provide clarity on the future of the listed places of worship scheme so that we can continue to treasure these places for many generations to come?
As I have highlighted, we value our churches and our listed places of worship, and it is important that the Government hear these calls and provide some clarity and certainty about the future of the scheme.