Friend for her work championing such an amazing local club, and we are pleased to support her in that endeavour.
I encourage her to explore the support available via the premier league stadium fund delivered by the Football Foundation.
The Government are pleased to be supporting grassroots clubs with £98 million of funding for the multi-sport grassroots facilities programme through the next financial year, which will build new facilities and upgrade facilities.
If she wants to get in touch with me directly, we will work together to ensure that that benefits Scarborough, like every other part of the country.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
I associate myself with the tributes to Diogo Jota.
I understand that his brother was also killed in the accident, and my heart goes out to their family.
Since the Secretary of State’s statement on Glastonbury on Monday, it has come to light that the act in question had spouted equally vile rhetoric at another concert just a few weeks ago.
Given that the BBC is seemingly able to pull live broadcasts when things go wrong at football matches, for example, it is extraordinary that it did not happen on that occasion.
Will the Secretary of State update the House on the discussions she has had with the BBC?
Why did the same thing not happen on this occasion?
What due diligence did it carry out about the acts that were performing?
Given that we are still waiting for a response on the previous Hamas documentary, is she satisfied with the conversations she has had and the urgency with which the organisation is acting?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for raising that matter, and I agree with him.
The answer is that I am not satisfied with the response I have had.
I can update the House, as I promised to do on Monday, that I have received a reply to the very many questions raised by colleagues from all parts of the House, and I am not satisfied with it.
I have gone back to the BBC leadership to ask for further information, in particular—as the right hon.
Gentleman mentioned—about the failure to pull the live feed, the due diligence that was done prior to deciding to screen that act and the level of senior oversight that took place in the BBC during the Glastonbury weekend.
I think that the BBC leadership has heard and will hear the strength of feeling in this House on this issue, and I expect further answers to be forthcoming imminently.
I thank the Secretary of State for that answer.
I have to say that I am as disappointed as she is that the BBC has not been able to come back with even basic facts.
There were hundreds of BBC staff there, and it is not acceptable that it is unable to identify who ultimately had the final decision on whether to broadcast.
The chairman needs to inform her, as a matter of urgency, who that was and what action they are going to take.
While I absolutely understand the independence of the BBC, just as artists cannot hide behind artistic expression for vile commentary, the BBC cannot hide behind independence from accountability.
I hope the Secretary of State knows that she has the full support of the Opposition as she pushes it for greater clarity.
I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman for that and for making the very important distinction between independence and accountability.
We heard in this House, and I was able to bring to the House, the absolutely shocking stories of the impact that this issue has had on the Jewish community in this country.
Given the seriousness of what happened, I expect there to be accountability at the highest levels.