We need to see more opportunities like this, particularly in constituencies like mine, where circumstances often mean that children do not get access to this kind of thing.
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend and throw the Government’s full weight behind the work he is doing to support this area?
I have seen it for myself at Shakespeare North in Knowsley, where young people are developing communication and oracy skills that they would not otherwise have had, through the amazing work that those institutions do.
That is why this Government are determined to turn around the appalling legacy that we inherited from the last Government.
We will shortly publish the interim report of our national youth strategy.
I was appalled to find that only one in five young people in the last year has been able to access the arts in this country.
We are determined that will change.
The Secretary of State is getting a liking for visiting Northern Ireland.
With that in mind, what discussions has she had with her counterparts in Northern Ireland on the importance of further engagement between local theatres and schools across Northern Ireland—the very thing  the hon.
Member for West Ham and Beckton (James Asser)  mentioned—to ensure that young children can access drama in educational settings?
We are very aware of the importance of the arts in Northern Ireland, and my hon.
Friend the Minister for Creative Industries, Arts and Tourism has had discussions directly with our counterparts.
It is a devolved matter, but it is the clear view of this Government that arts and culture belong to everybody.
We are working closely with all nations and regions across the UK to make sure that wherever people grow up and whatever their background, there is no barrier to them being able to access the arts, which are an essential part of a richer, larger life.
I call the shadow Minister.
As we came into the Chamber today, we heard the tragic news of the passing of Diogo Jota, the Liverpool footballer, at the age of 28.
I want to put on the record our condolences to his friends and family, and to Liverpool fans across the world.
These are the first DCMS orals since the spending review, which made real-term cuts to DCMS revenue and capital budgets.
For months, we have been warning the Secretary of State not to let the Chancellor take money away from the creative industries, but it is quite clear that the Secretary of State and her Ministers failed to stand up for this key sector.
She talks about the legacy of theatre for children, but of course, to have that, we need a thriving theatre sector.
The Society of London Theatre and UK Theatre said that although the Government talk a good game on backing our creative industries, the figures tell a different story.
They are right, aren’t they?
The Secretary of State and the Minister failed to stand up for our world-leading theatres and creative industries, didn’t they?
That is some brass neck from the Opposition given the appalling state of what we inherited—not only years of neglect of theatre in particular, but also the lack of investment in the infrastructure and the buildings, which left us with a situation where our great national institutions were struggling just to stay open.
Across the country and in so many communities, the local theatre, which provided the access to the richer, larger life that we have been discussing, was allowed to close.
The last Government showed a violent indifference to theatre and the arts in general.
We have more than doubled investment into the creative industries and made them one of our eight priorities for growth.
I am proud to be working with theatres, big and small, across the country to usher in a new golden era in which they can flourish.