Lady for her answers.
Like other Members, I will ask the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport whether there will be more money for churches, given that the Minister for Creative Industries, Arts and Tourism says that funding is now available.
Churches are more  than just buildings for people in rural communities; they are hubs for worship and social engagement.
Let us be honest about the £25,000 cap: building materials cost maybe 30% to 50% more than they did a year ago, which means that the grant does not go very far.
The heritage lottery fund gives some moneys, but what can be done to work with other organisations to ensure that moneys can come from other groups that may be anxious and willing?
I have a church in my constituency that got a six-figure sum, which gives the House an idea of what moneys can be gained through co-operation and partnership.
The hon.
Gentleman rightly highlights that there are other ways to acquire funding, such as through the heritage lottery and so forth.
I will certainly write to him if there are specific places that he is concerned about.
Although the grant scheme is for the Church of England, I am certain that there is other support for churches, and I can certainly put him in touch with the relevant people, if that is helpful.
What steps the Church of England is taking to support community cohesion in its parishes.
What steps the Church of England is taking to support community cohesion in its parishes.
Through the parish system, the Church of England has a presence in every community.
Long-term relationships are vital for building trust and understanding in all our communities, and the Church has worked closely with faith organisations, local authorities, the police and so forth—all in aid of building better relations.
I would like to take this opportunity to commend the contribution of the churches in my constituency, from All Saints in Datchworth, which is currently celebrating 850 years of service, to St Mary’s in Aston, where the Rev. Canon Jenny Gray has recently retired.
However, another church, St Andrew & St George in the centre of Stevenage, is facing the ongoing problem of theft of copper from its roof—an expensive loss to the church.
What can be done to safeguard our churches from such antisocial and criminal behaviour?
I thank my hon.
Friend for asking two really important questions.
I congratulate the Rev. Canon Jenny Gray on her retirement.
Her exemplary service to the community was recognised by the diocese in 2023, when she was made an honorary canon of the cathedral.
On metal theft, my hon.
Friend is absolutely right that it is criminal and antisocial, and it causes real harm.
The Church has been doing a lot of work on this since 2013, and I am happy to write to him to set out that work in more detail.
I thank my hon.
Friend for the work she is doing representing the Church Commissioners.
The community of Hyndburn is vibrant and rich in its diversity, and I was proud to see how we responded to the awful riots last summer.
What conversations has she  had with the Church Commissioners on how the Church can continue to strengthen its work on integration and work with the Government as they develop a community cohesion strategy following the immigration White Paper?
I pay tribute to the social cohesion work happening in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
I would just highlight that bishops and church officials have been in discussion with the Minister for Faith in the other place on community cohesion issues.
The Church did write to the Prime Minister following the publication of the White Paper to call for a more holistic integration strategy, and this has also been raised in meetings.