If he does not give us any good news soon on Europe, will he admit that we are close to the final countdown?
I had a horrible fear how that question was going to end.
It is really important that we win this battle.
This has to be a campaign that we wage across all of Europe—we need to get every single capital city in Europe on our side to make sure that, by the time we get to the next EU-UK summit, we can get this over the line.
British acts are desperately wanted, apart from anything else, in lots of different venues and arts festivals across the whole of Europe.
I have spoken to the commissioner who is in charge of this.
I have also spoken to four of my European counterparts.
My intention is to get round every single one of them so that we can get this over the line.
What steps her Department is taking to support the financial viability of women’s football.
I established the women’s football taskforce in 2024 in response to the Karen Carney review of women’s football.
The taskforce aims to achieve a financially sustainable women’s football pyramid, raising minimum standards for players, fans and everyone involved in the game.
As the Euros begin, I know the whole House will join me in wishing the Lionesses, and of course Wales, the very best of luck.
I thank the Minister for her response; I know she is aware of some of the financial challenges that my local club in Lewes faces.
With England about to start the defence of their European title in Switzerland against France on Saturday, does she share my concern that, despite the phenomenal rise in popularity of the women’s game, domestic prize money for the women’s FA cup still falls woefully short of that for the men’s?
It is frankly embarrassing that in 2025 we still tolerate that glaring inequality.
Will she support my call for the Football Association and the Premier League to equalise the women’s FA cup prize fund, so that women footballers are rewarded equally for the same achievement as their male counterparts?
I know that the hon.
Gentleman is a huge supporter and champion of women’s football, and I look forward to visiting his constituency in September.
I have heard the calls from the Liberal Democrat Benches and across the House on the FA cup prize money.
The FA has taken steps to increase the total fund for the women’s FA cup and we are paying attention to what happens next.
What steps she is taking to help ensure that disabled people have equal access to live events.
It is crucial that access to live events is open to disabled people.
We are supporting Arts Council England and its partners to develop the All In scheme, which should significantly improve accessibility in that area.
Last summer I was at the Paralympics, where I was horrified to hear from young people with disabilities about their lack of access to sport in particular.
This Government are taking every action and using every lever at our disposal to change that.
In my Shipley constituency, the highly valued Bingley arts centre has made great strides in improving accessibility for disabled people.
However, with 78% of arts centres behind schedule on essential building maintenance, it is clear that more investment is needed.
I welcome the Secretary of State’s announcement of the All In fund; can she assure me that local theatres such as Bingley arts centre will benefit from that investment to help them continue to make the arts inclusive?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise this matter, and I sincerely thank her for bringing it to the House; it is not something we talk about enough.
The creative industries sector plan contained £150 million-worth of funding for the creative places growth fund.