Friend the Health Secretary to develop those plans further.
Morecambe football club is in crisis.
The current owner is delaying a sale, despite us already having a buyer ready and approved by the English Football League.
The staff have only been paid one third of their wages, and the board has been dismissed without proper process.
Can the Minister outline how the Government are working to prevent other towns like Morecambe from suffering in this way?
I am really grateful to my hon.
Friend.
She has not just raised this issue in the House; she has raised it with me and with the Under-Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Barnsley South (Stephanie Peacock)  as well, and we are determined to support her.
I have been through this appalling experience with my own club, Wigan Athletic, and we are determined to make sure that nobody has to go through it ever again.
The Under- Secretary of State has been working very hard with Members of this House to pass the Football Governance Bill, to ensure that we rectify this situation and prevent it from happening elsewhere, but in the particular case of my hon.
Friend’s club, I am extremely keen to see a sale as soon as possible.
The charity sector includes hospices, such as Acorns children’s hospice in Walsall.
Hospices are being hit by the Government’s damaging rise in employer national insurance, which was mentioned in an earlier question.
Given that in his opening remarks, the Minister for Creative Industries, Arts and Tourism praised the Chancellor for his success in securing funding for his Department, will he speak with the Chancellor and urge her to do all she can to reinstate long-term funding for our hospice sector?
The hospice sector is not specifically my responsibility, but of course I value hospices.
To go back to the earlier point about the state of the finances in the Department for Culture, Media and Sport, this is the first Secretary of State who has managed to get £3 billion for investment in capital funding.
That is going to be vital for many of our artistic and sporting institutions in this country, and I think she deserves praise.
The hon.
Member for Blaenau Gwent and Rhymney, representing the House of Commons Commission,  was asked—
What steps the Commission is taking to increase the number of apprentices in the House of Commons.
Apprenticeships help us to build a more skilled and adaptable workforce.
The House of Commons Commission is increasing the number of apprentices by participating in National Apprenticeship Week and attending careers fairs.
Additionally, the administration supports the Speaker’s Apprenticeship Academy; we are currently recruiting a second cohort to that academy, and we are also recruiting 12 security officer apprentices.
Adil Rashid is a Speaker’s apprentice in my Administration Committee team.
He has a strong work ethic and is a good team player, and I am grateful for his support.
I am grateful to the hon.
Member for that answer.
Everyone should have the potential to work in Parliament, not just those who live in and around London, so can he confirm how many apprentices have been recruited since the introduction of the UK Parliament’s apprenticeship scheme, and in particular how many were recruited from Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland?
We currently have 32 apprentices, and another 19 will be recruited this year.
There have been approximately 90 since 2017.
Parliament recruits apprentices under the English apprenticeship scheme.
Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland each have their own programmes and funding structures.
The hon.
Member for Battersea, representing the Church Commissioners, was asked—
What steps the Church of England is taking to support people on low incomes in rural communities.
Our most recent figures show that the Church of England was involved in more than 31,000 community projects across the country, including in my hon.
Friend’s constituency of Harlow.