It would be helpful to have an update on when we will have that debate.
In addition, we will have this business in Westminster Hall: next week, on  Tuesday 8 July  there will be a debate on alcohol and cancer, which is quite appropriate given the comments made by  the hon.
Member for Wolverhampton West (Warinder Juss) .
On  Thursday 10 July  there will be a debate on state support for victims of terrorism, followed by a debate on London’s contribution to the national economy.
On  Tuesday 15 July , there will be a debate on special educational needs and disabilities provision in the south-east.
On  Thursday 17 July  there will be a debate on the role of freedom of religion or belief in UK foreign policy, followed by a debate on the role of the RAF photographic reconnaissance unit during the second world war.
On  Tuesday 22 July , there will be a debate on Black Country Day.
Members who have been here for a while will know that I have been campaigning for more than 20 years for Stanmore station in my constituency to receive a lift or some form of step-free access.
The good news a little while ago was that Queensbury and Canons Park stations are now on the list to have step-free access.
I immediately wrote to the commissioner of Transport for London to say, “What about Stanmore station?”
I have received a reply this week, which may interest you, Mr Speaker, and others.
The definition of step-free access
“means lifts, ramps and level surfaces so you don’t have to use stairs or escalators, and can avoid the step and gap onto our trains, buses and boats”.
However, the reply went on to say that Stanmore station is classified as having step-free access, despite the fact that it says quite clearly,
“‘Station entry and exit requires a 110m journey via the station car park, including steep ramps.’”
TfL forgets to say that this is the access to the Royal National Orthopaedic hospital in Stanmore and that a Paralympian is unable to get up that slope unaided.
I have been in correspondence with the Chair of the Transport Committee,  the hon.
Member for Brentford and Isleworth (Ruth Cadbury) , who agrees that we need an updated definition.
The Secretary of State for Transport is a former deputy Mayor of London for transport, so may we have a statement from her on what we will do about ensuring that there is proper step-free access and a proper definition of it?
May I thank the Chair of the Backbench Business Committee for announcing some of the forthcoming business?
I can assure him that we will be in conversation very soon about the business on the following Thursday and ahead of the recess.
I know how important it is to this House and to him as the Chair of the Committee that we have the Sir David Amess pre-summer recess debate, and the whole House would expect that we have that at the appropriate moment.
Hopefully, we can have positive conversations about that coming up.
The hon.
Member is right to raise issues about step-free access—I have heard him do that many times before—particularly at Stanmore station and others in his constituency.
He will know that those stations are a matter for TfL, but Ministers talk to TfL about such matters on an ongoing basis.
I can assure him that the Secretary of State for Transport is personally very committed to ensuring that all our stations become step-free, with access to all eventually.
It is a big job, because over half the stations across the country do not currently have that.
It is important not just for those with disabilities, but for those with buggies and young children, those who carry lots of luggage and all sorts of other people to ensure that our transport network is truly accessible.