What steps the Church of England is taking to help to tackle poverty.
Churches and all our faith communities make a powerful difference in the lives of all our constituents every single day, and Church of England parishes provide more than 31,000 social action projects in church schools and educate millions of children each day.
Parish initiatives include food banks, credit unions, warm spaces, school clubs and other forms of family support.
For too long, charities, faith groups and churches such as my own, St Bede’s, have been supporting people struggling to get by.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that our child poverty taskforce needs to seriously consider scrapping the awful two-child benefit cap, because relying on charity to lift children out of poverty is simply unsustainable?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
Everyone has a responsibility to tackle child poverty, and we should all commend and thank the Church for the role it has played in this space.
I know that the Bishop of Derby hosted Baroness Sherlock, the child poverty unit and colleagues for a roundtable, where many issues were discussed.
Churches across the country are doing amazing work tackling poverty, but they could be doing more.
Many of my constituents will be surprised that the Church Commissioners have already spent £5 million on Project Spire when it is not within their charitable objectives, and that they plan to spend £100 million when the Charity Commission has not signed that off.
Why are the Church Commissioners doing something that is not within their charitable objectives?
No decision has been taken on that.
When the board of governors and the Church of Commissioners make that decision, they will follow the right processes to do so.
Will the Leader of the House give the House the forthcoming business?
The business for the week commencing  7 July  is as follows:
Monday 7 July —Second Reading of the Pension Schemes Bill.
Tuesday 8 July —Remaining stages of the Football Governance Bill [Lords].
Wednesday 9 July —Committee of the whole House and remaining stages of the Universal Credit and Personal Independence Payment Bill.
Thursday 10 July —General debate on the attainment and engagement of boys in education, followed by general debate on children’s health.
The subjects for these debates was determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 11 July —Private Members’ Bills.
The provisional business for the week commencing  14 July  will include:
Monday 14 July —Committee of the whole House and remaining stages of the Deprivation of Citizenship Orders (Effect during Appeal) Bill, following which the Chairman of Ways and Means is expected to name opposed private business for consideration.
Tuesday 15 July —Opposition day (9th allotted day).
Debate on a motion in the name of the official Opposition.
Subject to be announced.
I am sure the Leader of the House and all Members will want to join me in recognising this year as the 81st anniversary of the announcement by the Government of a national health service, by Sir Henry Willink in 1944.
Most of us wishing to celebrate an anniversary would probably have a bit of a party—maybe get a few friends round, order in some pizza and put up decorations.
Only the Labour party would seek to celebrate its first year in office with the kind of Charlie Foxtrot multidimensional legislative omnishambles that we have seen in the past few days.
Given their three massive reverse ferrets of recent weeks, I must say I had thought that the Government had perfected the art of the U-turn.
After all, they had had U-turns on winter fuel payments and the two-child benefit cap—each, in its own way, a little masterpiece of slow-motion dithering and indecision.
But then, the other day, the Government upped their game significantly by executing a comprehensive 180° U-turn on their decision to hold a statutory inquiry into grooming gangs, having repeatedly said that it was not necessary.