My petition has garnered thousands of signatures—
Motion lapsed ( Standing Order No.
9(3) ).
Motion made, and Question proposed, That this House do now adjourn.—(Keir Mather.)
My petition, which has garnered thousands of signatures, calls for the return of the ferry service.
It is clear that businesses and residents want their ferry back.
At present, there is a desire for people to travel by public transport, which I support.
People should leave their cars at home, but they need options.
Previously, the option was a 10-minute jump across the water.
Now, the options are a train into London and back out again, or multiple buses to get through the Dartford crossing.
All this is costing us precious time.
If we as a society want to support public transport, relieving congestion on the roads should be at the heart of everything we do.
Take the example of the Woolwich ferry, which, by parliamentary statute, must be run and is not able to charge.
I am not asking—tempting as it is—for that to be the case for the Gravesend-Tilbury ferry, but I am asking the local authority to protect these valuable transport routes.
The hon.
Gentleman is welcome to choose his tone; I will continue to the end of my comments.
My job is to come and explain the Government’s decision, and to be held accountable for it.
That is what I am doing today, and what I will continue to do over the course of my remarks.
It is right that the Government are then asked questions about their decision; that is the nature of this democracy, as the hon.
Member for East Wiltshire said.
An important consideration in the Government making this decision was that evidence showed that sending people unsolicited letters is unlikely to affect what they know.
That is why letters are sent only as part of wider communication campaigns.
This evidence was not properly considered by the ombudsman.
Another consideration was that the great majority of 1950s-born women were aware of the state pension age changing, if not of a change in their specific state pension age, as several hon.
Members have pointed out.
My hon.
Friend the Member for Salford mentioned the statistic of 43%, referring to the 2024 rather than 2023 survey.
However, as she will know, that refers to all women, including some women as young as 16; if we look at the cohort of women born in the 1950s, the figure is far, far higher.
On those and other grounds, we rejected the ombudsman’s approach to injustice and remedy.
Members will be aware that litigation is live, so I will not go into lots more detail on the research evidence, which is the core of that litigation.
I will just say two things: first, our decision was based on published research reports, which were robust and met professional standards; secondly, the same awareness research, which the right hon.
Member for New Forest East disparaged, was used by the ombudsman.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What assessment her Department has made of the potential impact of the Spending Review 2025 on the heritage sector.
I want to pay tribute to the Chancellor of the Exchequer for the way she conducted the spending review.
In the words of Diana Ross, she reached out and touched our Department with £8.2 billion, meaning we can make this world a better place.
For the heritage sector, the Department for Culture, Media and Sport is already investing an additional £20 million this year through the heritage at risk and heritage revival funds.
Last month, I was pleased to host a true heritage champion, Dame Mary Beard, in Colchester.
She came to visit an incredible sporting heritage site: Britain’s only known Roman chariot racing track, the Colchester Roman Circus.
She, like me, thinks that we should make much more of the site and that we are missing a national trick if we do not.