Friend’s constituency.
I would just highlight that bishops and church officials have been in discussion with the Minister for Faith in the other place on community cohesion issues.
The Church did write to the Prime Minister following the publication of the White Paper to call for a more holistic integration strategy, and this has also been raised in meetings.
I commend all our church and faith organisations that came together during the riots last summer, and demonstrated how we can work collaboratively across all our communities.
A really positive example of community cohesion in action is the Rewild the Church project, with the Lewes Climate Hub and churches in Lewes joining forces to tackle biodiversity loss and bring people together through their parishes.
They are working towards the inspiring goal of rewilding 30% of Church-owned land by 2030.
Will the Second Church Estates Commissioner join me in congratulating them on this important work, and support this ambition for the Church of England to lead by example in restoring nature and supporting local communities to come together in doing so?
I congratulate the hon.
Member and those in his constituency on the work taking place on that really important issue.
What support the Church of England is providing to Christians in the Occupied Palestinian Territories.
We continue to see the Christian community attacked by Israeli soldiers and settlers, as happened as recently as last week.
Anglican aid agencies are providing financial assistance to Church institutions, including the Princess Basma Centre in East Jerusalem, St Luke’s hospital in Nablus and the Arab Evangelical Episcopal school in Ramallah.
This work is ongoing, and there is a global appeal for support for these aid agencies.
The UK Government have begun to issue visas for critically injured and sick Gazan children in need of specialist expert medical treatment, but only a handful of children have been granted visas and brought to the UK for urgent treatment.
What support can the Church provide to not just Christian children, but all children in the Occupied Palestinian Territories in desperate need of medical evacuation?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his important question.
There is no safe space for children in Gaza, where we know that over 56,000 people have lost their lives, including more than 17,000 children.
The Church has rightly condemned the attacks on hospitals and civilians, but we can certainly do more and the Church must do more.
The Church must continue to be a voice for the voiceless, and Gazan children are  the voiceless.
I encourage the Government to enable medical evacuations, heed calls for the creation of a Gaza family visa scheme and take concrete steps to ensure Israel allows vital medical aid into Gaza.
I call the Father of the House.
The Christian town of Taybeh is the same town as Ephraim in John’s gospel where Jesus went before his passion.
This town is entering a new passion: there was a violent attack by extremist Israeli settlers on the town on  26 June .
There is a continuing pattern of crops being destroyed and outposts being set up, and it is happening all over the west bank.
This is outrageous racial cleansing, deliberately designed to prevent a two-state solution and to drive out the people who have tended their crops there for 2,000 years.
Will the Church of England call out this outrage every day of the week in an attempt to put some sort of pressure on the Israeli Government?
I thank the Father of the House for his question.
He is absolutely right: the attacks that took place in Taybeh last week were outrageous and should not have been allowed to happen.
If we are all going to be the hands and feet of Jesus, we have to speak out when we see such atrocities happen.
We must be a voice for the voiceless.