As he rightly says, the creative industries are central to the future of our economy and must be protected.
The Government recognise that as well.
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Business and Trade and I will bring forward the roundtables and working groups before the summer recess.
What steps her Department is taking to support the delivery of major sporting events.
We are absolutely committed to securing and delivering the biggest and best major sporting events, building on the UK’s global reputation.
I was delighted to announce recently over £500 million to support the delivery of world-class events, with an additional £400 million going to grassroots facilities across the UK, so that people across the country who are inspired by the incredible sporting events and amazing moments we are bringing to our towns, villages and cities can get involved.
Mr Speaker, I would like to thank you personally for hosting the women’s rugby world cup reception in Speaker’s House yesterday evening.
It was a magnificent event.
I took part in the competition in 1998—not this year, dash it all!
With England hosting the women’s rugby world cup it is vital and women and girls see the legacy of those who have gone before them and championed their country.
Sport is so important to the future of women and girls.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in committing to securing a legacy for women and girls who will be able to see rugby being played across England and the home nations?
My last point, if you will indulge me, Mr Speaker, is that the women’s Euros kick off this week, and even though it is the wrong-shaped ball, I am excited to see the Lionesses and the Welsh football team in the competition.
It is so important that we celebrate women in sport.
My hon.
Friend is an incredible champion for sports in general and rugby in particular—
Rugby union.
I know it is the wrong sort of rugby as far as you are concerned, Mr Speaker.
We are really proud of this incredible achievement for the UK.
It is fitting that my hon.
Friend asks this question with exactly 50 days to go until the women’s rugby world cup kicks off.
We want to make it the biggest ever.
So far, 275,000 tickets have been sold.
Recently the Prime Minister and I were at St George’s Park watching the Lionesses train.
It was quite a challenge to stop the Prime Minister getting involved, although I am not sure he would have come off well, given the  level of skill on the pitch.
What is so inspiring to the whole nation, whether they are fans of a particular sport or not, is the work the Lionesses have done to ensure that an entire generation of girls know that they belong on the pitch every bit as much as anyone else.
We are determined to ensure that this women’s rugby world cup does exactly the same for rugby.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
I 100% back the words of  the hon.
Member for Gower (Tonia Antoniazzi)  and send all our best wishes to the Lionesses as they start their competition shortly.
The Secretary of State will know that Royal Ascot last week attracted a viewing population of tens of millions, and “Glorious Goodwood” is about to do the same.
Horseracing supports about 85,000 jobs across the UK and generates about £4 billion a year for the UK economy, but the Secretary of State will know that it faces a looming and imminent crisis.
When will the Government really start to back British horseracing?
Let me reassure the hon.
Member on this point: we understand not just the joy that horseracing brings to millions of people in the UK and across the world but the huge economic benefits that it produces.
We are absolutely determined to back British horseracing to the hilt.