I start by sending all our condolences to the friends and family of Liverpool football club star, Diogo Jota, following the shocking news of his and his brother’s death in a tragic car accident.
It came only two weeks after his wedding and after winning last season’s premier league.
I am sure the thoughts of the whole House are with his family, friends, Liverpool teammates and former Wolves teammates.
I also send my best wishes to the Lionesses at the start of the Euros.
Tomorrow is Action Mesothelioma Day.
I commend all the campaigners who continue to fight for justice for those who have died or are ill as a result of asbestos cancer.
My dear friends and former colleagues, Tony Lloyd and Paul Goggins, sadly no longer with us, were real champions of this cause and I pay tribute to them.
May I take this opportunity, Mr Speaker—I would rarely do this—to put on record how proud I am of my friend, the first female Chancellor, who has been doing a very difficult and formidable job. [
Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear!”]
Quite honestly, she has more class than most Opposition Members—including, I am sure, some on the Front Bench.
As the shadow Leader of the House has asked me to do so, may I update the House on the universal credit Bill, as it will soon be renamed?
I completely acknowledge that how this business was managed was not the way that it should have been.
The process did not live up to the standards to which I and the Government hold ourselves.
However, as I said last week, we value the contributions of Members, especially those with particular experience of and interest in these issues.
Critical to any good legislation is that it reflects parliamentary opinion, and I believe the Bill now does that.
I think it is actually a good thing that we are prepared to listen and change, but Members should rest assured that we will take stock and reflect on how we can do things better going forward.
The Bill as amended, and the Timms review alongside it, now reflect the reform and safeguards that the House wants to see, and we will consider its remaining stages next week.
The Bill’s title will become the Universal Credit Bill, as it will be narrower in scope.
It will focus on ending the perverse incentives in universal credit, protecting the incomes of those currently in receipt of the universal credit health element and ending the reassessment of those with the most severe conditions, and clause 5 relating to personal independence payments will be deleted.
Any future changes to PIP will come only following the Timms review, co-produced with disabled people and the bodies that represent them.
We can all agree that the welfare system needs reform and needs to be sustainable.
The Conservatives should quite frankly be ashamed of their legacy, which needs addressing.
It is a legacy of one in 10 working-age people on sickness or disability benefits; a legacy of a generation of young people with no mental health support and too few opportunities; a legacy of over 7 million people on NHS waiting lists, many unable to work; a legacy of stagnant growth and no plan for job creation.
It is this Government who are tackling those long-term challenges.
The shadow Leader of the House wants to talk about the Government’s anniversary.