I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Several of my Chelmsford constituents have contacted me about the lack of local NHS dentistry services.
One constituent told me an all too familiar story: waiting list for NHS patients are either too long or closed, so he has had to rely on private dentistry for routine check-ups.
Now, he cannot afford crucial dental care because it would cost hundreds of pounds that he does not have.
That is a concern not only for patients but for dentists.
One Chelmsford dentist recently wrote to me detailing the need for the Government to urgently fix the failed contract that he works under, to ensure that providers are funded to carry out NHS services and take on more patients.
As with all healthcare, we know that the longer it takes to treat a problem, the more serious and expensive it can become.
The Minister for Care has said that critical negotiations are taking place between the Department of Health and the Treasury, so will the Leader of the House encourage her Treasury colleagues to prioritise that, to allow the Department to renegotiate the dental contract as soon as possible, as Liberal Democrats have been calling for?
Will she also ensure that a statement is made to the House to provide an update on the progress of the renegotiation?
I thank the hon.
Member for raising that important matter.
I am sure that as constituency MPs we all know how important it is for people to have access to NHS dental care and dental appointments.
She is right to highlight how many dental deserts there still are; that is the legacy that we have inherited.
We are committed to providing more NHS dentist appointments.
That is a key part of our NHS 10-year plan, which the Secretary of State will soon be setting out.
That does mean looking at issues relating to the contract and how that care is provided.
I will ensure that in addition to the statement being given today, the House is kept fully updated on these matters.
Last week at a council meeting, when medical dispensation was being sought for Labour councillor Carol Hyatt in the Merry Hill ward of my constituency so that she could undergo cancer treatment, a Reform UK councillor said that was not fair on taxpayers.
Will the Leader of the House first please join me in wishing Councillor Hyatt, who is an excellent councillor for her ward, a speedy recovery?
Secondly, considering that one in two of us will be diagnosed with cancer at some point in our lives, will she please reassure the House that the Government will always support cancer sufferers at work?
I am really sorry to hear of that; that is totally unacceptable.
I join my hon.
Friend completely in wishing Carol Hyatt a speedy recovery.
I hope that she gets all the support she needs.
It is vital that we support people who have got cancer with all their work and care needs, and that is what the Government are all about.
I call the Chair of the Backbench Business Committee.
Unfortunately, the Leader of the House was not able to announce the business beyond Tuesday of the week after next, so I cannot announce what the business in the Chamber will be on  Thursday 17 July .
Indeed, she also did not announce what will happen in the final week before recess, and we are due to have the Sir David Amess summer pre-recess Adjournment debate on one of those days.
It would be helpful to have an update on when we will have that debate.
In addition, we will have this business in Westminster Hall: next week, on  Tuesday 8 July  there will be a debate on alcohol and cancer, which is quite appropriate given the comments made by  the hon.
Member for Wolverhampton West (Warinder Juss) .