Gentleman for that and for making the very important distinction between independence and accountability.
We heard in this House, and I was able to bring to the House, the absolutely shocking stories of the impact that this issue has had on the Jewish community in this country.
Given the seriousness of what happened, I expect there to be accountability at the highest levels.
While it could be said that the Conservative party could fit into a children’s paddling pool, we in Isle of Wight West take swimming—as well as our issue with ferries—very seriously.
I thought hon.
Members would like that one.
West Wight sports and community centre is an excellent community-run  facility that needs to replace its swimming pool after 50 years.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how it might access grants to do so?
My hon.
Friend is a good champion for his constituency.
The Government recognise that sports facilities, including swimming facilities, are incredibly important, and I would be delighted to meet him to discuss it further.
My constituency is the home of Hampshire Cricket.
Last Thursday, I visited Fair Oak cricket club, which has a fantastic new pavilion and a thriving community of players, coaches and volunteers who are passionate about growing the game.
In April 2024, the previous Government announced a £35 million investment in grassroots cricket facilities and widening access to the sport within state schools.
Can the Minister confirm when the Government plan to release that funding to ensure that girls and boys  in all parts of Eastleigh and across the country have  the opportunity to become the next Lauren Bell or  Joe Root?
I look forward to attending the cricket at Edgbaston later today, and I know it is hugely important to communities up and down the country.
I would be delighted to meet the hon.
Member to discuss her question in more detail.
Will the Minister join me in praising all the staff past and present, the council’s chief officer for leisure and wellbeing, Tom Kittendorf, and the portfolio holder, Councillor Maggie O’Rourke, on the recent 25th anniversary of the Rugby art gallery and museum?
I was glad to attend and pay tribute to staff for the huge contribution they make to the three C’s: creativity, culture and community.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that municipally run institutions such as that are gems shining bright in our towns, and that this Government will do all they can to empower them?
I absolutely share my hon.
Friend’s commitment to municipal facilities, which are often the only access that people have to amazing sports, art, culture, museums and galleries.
Like him, this Government are determined to do everything we can to support them.
I recently visited the Cornermen project in my Oxfordshire constituency.
Based at South Moreton boxing club, it provides professional mental health support for men in a sporting environment.
Does the Minister agree that sports and leisure can open the door to mental health provision?
What more can the Government do to nurture organisations such as the Cornermen?
Recently, I was pleased to host a roundtable with many sports clubs from different sports, including football and rugby league.
I was delighted to have Kris Radlinski there from Wigan Warriors—the greatest rugby league club in the history of the game—to talk in particular about the mental health crisis facing young men.
It is not lost on us as a Government that sport, arts, and all the sectors we are responsible for often play a major role in helping to support people with what is  becoming a crisis for young people.
I am working very closely with my right hon.
Friend the Health Secretary to develop those plans further.
Morecambe football club is in crisis.
The current owner is delaying a sale, despite us already having a buyer ready and approved by the English Football League.