Can my hon.
Friend please provide clarity on the future of the listed places of worship scheme so that we can continue to treasure these places for many generations to come?
As I have highlighted, we value our churches and our listed places of worship, and it is important that the Government hear these calls and provide some clarity and certainty about the future of the scheme.
The Church Commissioners have funded  many projects, providing around £9 million of grants for repairs to churches, and church building support officers are also in place to advise on management, how repairs can be carried out and the essential development of these places of worship.
I hear my hon.
Friend, and I invite her to lobby the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport to give us some certainty about the scheme.
I have been visiting places of worship in my constituency, including St Probus and St Grace church, with the tallest church tower in Cornwall, and St Gerrans church, with its distinctive tower and spire.
Both need extensive and expensive works to keep them watertight, so all that good work with food banks, coffee mornings and warm hubs that goes on there can continue to happen.
They are both concerned about the new annual cap, as they have costed their schemes, and the potential ending of the listed places of worship grant scheme next year.
What alternative support will be available to them and others now that the scheme is reduced and potentially ending?
Of course, I will be lobbying DCMS, too.
I commend the work of the churches in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
She highlighted St Probus and St Grace church, which was founded in 930 AD.
I understand that it is a truly wonderful building and establishment, but it needs a new roof, and the fundraising is under way to try to ensure that it gets the funding.
I highlighted earlier the Church Commissioners’ building emissions fund.
This issue has been raised every time I stand here and respond to questions on behalf of the Church.
It is vital that the listed places of worship grant scheme continues and that the Government provide clarity on the future of the scheme, so that all the wonderful listed places of worship in all our constituencies have certainty going forward.
The changes to the grant scheme, and the uncertainty over its future, present significant challenges for historic churches in need of maintenance, as my hon.
Friend has just set out so well.
These include the grade I listed St Nicholas church in Ockendon, in my constituency of Thurrock, which, as the warden told me this week, carries a significant burden in repair work due to its age.
Can my hon.
Friend assist me to understand what support is available for parishes facing these challenges to ensure that they continue to thrive at the heart of communities, as they have done through hundreds of years of history?
I will be lobbying DCMS as well.
As I highlighted, there are other funds, and I will write to my hon.
Friend to set out some additional support that might be available.
I understand that works at St Nicholas church will cost around £200,000, which is a great deal of money.
I am very pleased to hear that she, too, will be lobbying the Department for Culture, Media and Sport for certainty about the listed places of worship grant scheme.
I really think I have done my job in calling for that today.
I thank the hon.
Lady for her answers.
Like other Members, I will ask the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport whether there will be more money for churches, given that the Minister for Creative Industries, Arts and Tourism says that funding is now available.
Churches are more  than just buildings for people in rural communities; they are hubs for worship and social engagement.