Let me reassure the hon.
Member on this point: we understand not just the joy that horseracing brings to millions of people in the UK and across the world but the huge economic benefits that it produces.
We are absolutely determined to back British horseracing to the hilt.
The Under-Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Barnsley South (Stephanie Peacock) , has had several meetings and discussions with industry, and we will continue to ensure we are present, walking alongside them in order to support them.
I call the shadow Minister—a former rugby league player.
The Government are on the ropes after a grand slam of unforced errors.
Since we last met, we have seen the Secretary of State placed under investigation after appointing a Labour crony to head the football regulator, the Chancellor slash the DCMS budget and the DCMS Government Whip resign in protest.
Own goal, knock on, double fault—whatever our choice of sporting analogy, it is clear that they have royally ballsed it up.
With Labour’s latest U-turn creating a fiscal black hole set to be £20 billion, what assurances can the Secretary of State give today that her Government will not go ahead with their planned tax raid on bingo halls, racecourses and sports betting, which will immensely damage sponsorship of major sporting events, fuel the black market and cost thousands of jobs across the country?
I apologise; I could not make head nor tail of that, but this Government are absolutely determined to support bingo.
It is something that I immensely enjoy—it is very popular in my home town—and will continue to do so.
What steps she has taken to promote British musical acts internationally.
The new music growth package will invest up to £30 million to help emerging British artists access international markets with support for touring, showcasing and export promotion.
I welcome anything the Government bring forward to support our new bands and musicians across the country, but the big thing that so many musicians are asking for is that we get touring rights sorted out with our European counterparts.
Could the Minister update the House on what progress there has been, if any, and how we can go further to get our bands out there and their bands over here?
If only the right hon.
Gentleman had been a Minister in the previous Government, when they failed to take the deal that was on offer from the European Union.
I am absolutely determined to get this sorted.
We got something—[Interruption.]
If he wants to start promoting creative industries abroad, he might start thinking about film—for instance, “Chicken Run”.
We want to make sure that British acts can prosper across the whole of Europe, and I am talking not just about the big names like Dua Lipa; I am also talking about young acts like Otto Aday, who performed at the Rhondda Arts Festival on Saturday and was amazing, and Caitlin Lavagna, whose song “Run a Mile” perhaps would suit the right hon.
Gentleman.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
May I associate my party with the words said about Diogo Jota?
It is a tragic loss to the world of football.
A few weeks ago, we stood in this place and talked about the UK-EU reset deal.
My party welcomed the moderate progress, but we think the Government should go further, particularly on touring artists.
The Minister asked us to talk about this with our European liberal colleagues.
We have started those discussions.
Can he update us on his discussions and reassure us that this is on the agenda for the next review?
If he does not give us any good news soon on Europe, will he admit that we are close to the final countdown?
I had a horrible fear how that question was going to end.
It is really important that we win this battle.