How exactly will the UK Government help to bring all sides to the negotiating table and secure peace?
My hon.
Friend’s comments about Iran are absolutely right.
We must stand with Israel in the face of the attacks, wherever they come from and wherever they are sponsored.
In direct answer to his question, we are working with our allies on de-escalation.
We are working with the US in particular on its plan for a ceasefire, because it is only through a ceasefire that we can create the space for the hostages to be safely released, for the aid to get into the region and for a foot in the door for a political two-state solution, which is the only way to lasting peace.
The Prime Minister spoke rightly of the fact that we can barely imagine the pain of the Israeli families and those in Gaza affected over the past year since that Hamas atrocity, but it is also a pain felt acutely in our own communities, by our Jewish communities and by our Muslim communities.
We have had 5,000 antisemitic attacks in this country since that atrocity—a record number—so what will the Prime Minister do to reassure the Jewish and Muslim communities and to work with the Community Security Trust and Tell MAMA to strengthen their bonds?
The hon.
Lady raises an important point.
We have upped the support to communities as a result of the dreadful rise in hate crime in all its manifestations in the past year or so, and we will continue to do so.
I know we will have the support of the House in doing so.
Today is a day of mourning for all those who lost family members on  7 October  and those hostages in the tunnels lost since then, and for all those civilians in Gaza, the west bank and now in Lebanon.
Like the Prime Minister, I have been meeting hostage families all this past year.
The only time hostages got released was when there was a hostage-prisoner deal on  22 November  last year and some 150 prisoners and 50 hostages were released.
Has the Prime Ministers spoken to the Israeli Government about another deal to allow the hostages to be released through swapping them with political prisoners held in Israeli jails?
I accept my hon.
Friend’s point that it is through a cessation of hostilities that the space can be created for the release of hostages.
Yes, of course we talk to leaders, including in Israel, the whole time about how that can be brought about.
It is the central focus of all our discussions with Israel and with our allies.
It is vital that today and every day we remember every life lost at the hands of Hamas a year ago and every life lost in captivity since, and that we renew our calls for the release of every hostage.
While I totally agree with the Prime Minister when he says that Israel must have that right to defend herself, some of the decisions he has taken have led to a feeling that the Government have stepped back their support for Israel, not least in the restoration of funding to the United Nations Relief and Works Agency.
Does the Prime Minister regret that, and will he revisit that decision, so that actions marry up with words?
No, there has been no stepping back of support for Israel.
We have been absolutely robust in that support.
I have expressed it many times in different places, including to the Prime Minister of Israel.
We will continue to support Israel and we will continue to support Israel’s right to defend herself.
The House is at its best when it speaks with once voice.
It has been a year of profound suffering, darkness and trauma.
Tens of thousands of innocent people have been killed and displaced, yet the world has learned nothing.