Gentleman will have to wait for our announcement on this issue.
The Government’s proposed youth guarantee will help to ensure that young people are either learning or earning.
Of course, the young person’s guarantee is already a key commitment of the Labour-run Welsh Government.
Can the Minister assure me and my Cardiff West constituents that this Government will learn from the work being done in Wales?
I assure my hon.
Friend that we will work with the Welsh Government, Welsh local authorities and all our colleagues across the United Kingdom to get the policy right for young people, who I believe have been failed over recent years.
It is about time they had the future they deserve.
With employers in Witham and across the country about to be whacked with a barrage of higher taxes, thanks to this Government, how do the Government expect employment levels to stay high?
How do they expect small businesses to be at the heart of any employment strategy that they claim to have?
Under the previous Government, we had the highest taxes in 70 years, and jobcentres to which only one in six employers ever went to recruit.
We will transform our jobcentres into a new jobs and careers service, so that people get the help they need, and so that employers can recruit the staff they desperately need.
I welcome the Government’s proposed fraud Bill.
Can the Minister explain how it will claw back money from people who cheat the system, while also protecting privacy?
I welcome my hon.
Friend’s support for the proposed fraud Bill.
The level of fraud in the welfare system is absolutely unacceptable; almost £10 billion was lost last year.
Increased use of data will be essential to clamping down on both capital fraud and broader fraud.
However, we will do that without sharing any information at all with banks and financial institutions.
I thank the Secretary of State for her personal commitment to transparency.
Further to the question asked by the shadow Secretary of State, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Central Devon (Mel Stride) , will she share with the House how many thousands of people will die as a result of Labour’s choice to cut the winter fuel payment?
I am very happy to share the data: there are 200,000 more pensioners living in poverty after 14 years of Conservative government.
I am also very happy to publish information showing a 152% increase in pension credit claims, thanks to the big, bold campaign run by this Labour Government.
My constituents want a fair and robust welfare system, but they have no truck with fraud.
Can the Secretary of State assure my constituents that she is doing everything she can to crack down on fraud, and to make sure that those who genuinely need help get it?
My hon.
Friend is correct to raise this issue.
As I said, we will not tolerate the current levels of fraud in our welfare system.
He will be pleased to note the Prime Minister’s recent announcement of the forthcoming fraud, error and debt Bill, which will begin the necessary work to drive down fraud in the Department.
Can I share with the Secretary of State the plight of my constituent, who went without child maintenance payments for six months?
That happened not because of anything done wrong by her, or the paying parent, or the paying parent’s employer, which processed the direct deduction of earnings order, but because the Child Maintenance   Service misplaced the payments.
Will the Secretary of State apologise for that mishap?
What plans does she have to rectify that deeply flawed organisation?
I am very sorry to hear of this case.
I am not familiar with it, but I will look into it, if the hon.
Gentleman contacts me with the details.