Before we proceed to questions, I am pleased to inform the House that the Reverend Mark Birch has been appointed Speaker’s Chaplain and Canon of Westminster Abbey—he will formally take up that post on  7 November .
Mark has been a minor canon at Westminster Abbey since January 2015.
He was made a member of the Royal Victorian Order in March 2023 for his part in organising the funeral of Her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth II.
He played a central role in rehearsals and preparations for the coronation of Their Majesties the King and Queen.
He has a wealth of experience: before he joined the abbey, he served as a chaplain in a variety of settings —schools, universities and hospices—as well as serving as a parish priest.
I know that he will be an effective, engaging and supportive presence for the parliamentary community, and I am sure that the whole House will wish to join me in welcoming Mark to his new post.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What estimate she has made of the number of pensioners in poverty who will not be entitled to the winter fuel payment in winter 2024-25.
What estimate she has made of the number of pensioners in poverty who will not be entitled to the winter fuel payment in winter 2024-25.
What estimate she has made of the number of pensioners in poverty who will not be entitled to the winter fuel payment in winter 2024-25.
May I say briefly, Mr Speaker, that as my right hon.
and learned Friend the Prime Minister has said,  7 October  last year was the deadliest day in Jewish history since the Holocaust, and we stand firm in our commitment to bring the remaining hostages home and secure the immediate ceasefire and aid that civilians in Gaza and Lebanon desperately need.
An estimated 880,000 of the poorest pensioners are not claiming the pension credit they are entitled to, so they do not get the winter fuel payment or pension credit of up to £3,900 a year.
That is why we have launched the biggest ever drive to increase pension credit uptake and ensure that the poorest pensioners get the support they deserve.
Having spent the run-up to the election scaring pensioners into voting for them by claiming it was the Conservative Government who were a threat to their wellbeing, some of our poorest pensioners will now be forced to find out how difficult it is to keep warm huddled around Labour’s gaslight.
Given that the Government’s own equality analysis states that only 100,000 of the 880,000 pensioners who are eligible for pension credit are expected to apply for it, if all those who are eligible do apply, how much more will that cost compared with the initial saving from removing the winter fuel payment?
I say gently to the hon.
Gentleman that upon coming into government, we discovered that 880,000 pensioners are not claiming the pension credit they are entitled to.
Given that his former Government failed to  take action to deal with that issue, I suggest that instead of making that point, he works with his council to increase pension credit uptake and looks at the £1.8 million we have given to Peterborough council to make sure that all the help for pensioners, including on winter fuel, is made available.
I remain deeply concerned about the pensioners in my constituency who will not be entitled to the winter fuel payment this winter—we are now into October.
Given that we now know that just 14% of pensioners in absolute poverty receive pension credit, how can the Minister justify her Government’s claim that they are focusing support on those in the greatest need?
Again, I say to the right hon.
Lady that the reason so many of the poorest pensioners are missing out is that her Government failed to increase pension credit uptake.
We have launched the biggest ever programme to increase uptake of pension credit.