I also agree with what he said about hate crimes.
The message and the messaging is very much de-escalation across the region.
He is right that we need to deal with state threats, including the IRGC.
We are working at pace to identify further ways to deal with such threats, including those from the IRGC.
More than 400 sanctions designations against Iranian organisations and individuals are already in place, and we continue to look at that important issue.
I associate myself with the remarks of the Prime Minister and the Leader of the Opposition in condemning that horrific attack one year ago.
Yesterday at church during bidding prayers we prayed about the conflicts in the middle east and elsewhere.
My thoughts remain with those loved ones who are still displaced a year on.
Sadly, the United Nations has reported credible evidence of sexual violence against innocent civilians on both sides of the conflict.
No matter the intensity of the situation, there can be no justification for sexual violence, which leaves victims traumatised for many years.
What steps are the Government taking to raise that issue and ensure that innocent civilians across the middle east are protected from the horrors of sexual violence?
My hon.
Friend raises an important point about sexual violence, which, as she rightly says, has absolutely no justification.
Along with other issues, we continue to raise any such allegations with our allies.
I call the Father of the House.
There are many different opinions on policy in the middle east, but does the Prime Minister agree that what must surely unite everyone in this House is our profound detestation of antisemitism in all its shapes and forces, as well as our profound love for the Jewish people on their day of suffering, especially as many of those who were murdered at the music festival and in the kibbutz were actively working for peace?
Will he reflect that there are still many people—many Jewish and Arab people—who want a moderate solution, and that we should give them our support?
I agree wholeheartedly with the right hon.
Gentleman on antisemitism, and on our love for—and on standing with—the Jewish people, both across the globe and here in the United Kingdom.
Many of them want nothing more than peace and security for themselves and their families, and we will continue to work with them.
I agree with his remarks and the sentiment behind them.
I very much agree with my right hon.
and learned Friend’s comments about the need for all sides to work towards a two-state solution.
Does he therefore understand the wider concern at the Israeli Prime Minister saying repeatedly in recent weeks that he does not support a two-state solution, either now or in the future?
Does my right hon.
and learned Friend understand the frustration and anger that that creates among many Palestinians, particularly young ones, and that it breeds a climate in which hostility and violence are likely to increase rather than decrease?
What can he do to change the Israeli Prime Minister’s mind?
We have to be very clear that the two-state solution is the only viable long-term route through this conflict.
Recognition has to be a question of when, not if.
Israel has a right to be safe and secure—it is not—and we must have a viable Palestinian state.
However difficult that may seem at the moment, we must never lose sight of that being, in the end, the only political solution to this awful conflict.
We are a year on from when 1,200 Jewish people were systematically murdered.
Those who were women were raped and mutilated; 254 were taken hostage into Gaza, and 101 remain unaccounted for.