We will work with our allies and partners to that end, but the key to all this remains a ceasefire in Gaza now, the unconditional release of the  hostages, and the unhindered flow of aid.
That is the fundamental first step to change the trajectory of the region.
Nobody in this House can truly imagine what it feels like to cower under the bodies of their friends, hoping a terrorist will not find them, mere minutes after dancing at a music festival.
Nobody in this House can truly imagine seeing their city, home, schools, hospitals and businesses obliterated, with their neighbours and family buried underneath.
It is beyond our comprehension, and with that should come a humility.
It is hard even to understand the full depth of this pain, but what we can do is remember.
What we can do is respect and listen to the voices that reach out to us at these moments, and what we can do is use the power of diplomacy to try to find practical steps that minimise the suffering on the ground and work towards that long-term solution, so that a year of such terrible and bloody conflict can never happen again.
That is what we have done on the Labour Benches, it is what the whole House has done, and it is what this Government will continue to do.
I commend this statement to the House.
I call the Leader of the Opposition.
I thank the Prime Minister for advance sight of his statement.
Today is the anniversary of  7 October .
This modern pogrom—the worst loss of Jewish life since the second world war—was a horrendous reminder of the antisemitism in our world and the existential threats that Israel faces.
Over the past year, many of the hostages kidnapped by Hamas on  7 October  have been raped, sexually abused, murdered, and mutilated beyond recognition.
Today, a year on, many still remain held by Hamas and other terrorist groups.
I think particularly today of the British citizen Emily Damari, who has endured a year in captivity.
Across this House, I know that we join in saying, “Bring them home.”
The situation in the middle east is grave.
Too many innocent civilian lives have been lost.
It is right that this country continues to play its part in defending Israel against Iranian attacks, but we should not forget the base cause of all these events: Iran’s refusal to accept Israel’s right to exist, and its desire to destabilise the region through arming and funding its terrorist proxies—Hamas, Hezbollah and the Houthis.
The current conflict in Lebanon is a result of Hezbollah’s determination to use this territory to launch rocket attacks on Israel.
Let me be clear: Israel has a right to defend itself, it has a right to eliminate the leadership of Hezbollah, and it has a right to restore security for its citizens.
This country should support Israel in pursuing those goals, but can the Prime Minister expand on what he said about what role the United Kingdom is playing in providing humanitarian support to those Lebanese citizens who have been displaced because of this conflict?
I welcome his announcements on some financial support to that end.
The medium-term question that we must help to address is what happens once the Israeli operation has finished.
I ask the Prime Minister to update the House on what steps this country, along with our allies, is taking  to help to build up the capacity of the Lebanese state so that Hezbollah cannot simply re-establish itself in southern Lebanon.
We must never forget that Hezbollah does not represent the interests of Lebanon or its citizens; it represents those of its paymasters in Tehran.