That would include a ban on arms being used for defensive purposes.
Looking at the attack of only a few days ago by Iran, I think the House will understand my position on this and the position of many across the House.
The Prime Minister has rightly spoken about the significance of diplomacy right now, and I think the entire House would agree that, across the region itself, leaders must come together.
What discussions has the Prime Minister had with Gulf Co-operation Council leaders about the behaviour—the aggressive behaviour—of their neighbour Iran, and what role they can play in de-escalation and preventing Iran from further escalating this terrible conflict?
I thank the right hon.
Member for that question.
This is a really important issue.
We have had numerous discussions with our colleagues and with leaders, and I do think there is an important role that can be played and pressure that can be applied through those discussions.
We will continue to do so, so I thank her for her question.
Among those killed in the horrors of  7 October  were children, with a number still held hostage to this day.
In Gaza since then, there is a grisly new acronym—WCNSF: wounded child, no surviving family—to add to the child death toll, which is now rising in Lebanon as well.
Will my right hon.
and learned Friend press for the protection of children in advocating for a ceasefire and in his humanitarian efforts, and does he agree that no parent should ever have to bury their child?
I absolutely agree with that, whether it is children taken as hostages—it hardly seems possible to say that sentence without recoiling—or those orphaned in Gaza, as my hon.
Friend rightly suggests.
I appreciate that it is difficult to get into the mind of a theocratic regime such as that of the ayatollahs in Iran, but to what extent have the Government been able to establish whether a principal motivation for what happened on  7 October  was the desire of the Iranian regime to prevent a rapprochement between Israel and Saudi Arabia, its great rival?
Iran bears huge responsibility across the region, both in its assistance in relation to the  7 October  attack and through the other action that it is  supporting in the region.
That is why we have been clear in our positioning on Iran, and clear about the responsibility that Iran bears in relation to those awful incidents.
On the anniversary of the horrific  7 October  attacks, I again repeat the call for the immediate release of all hostages.
In light of Israel’s genocidal assault in Gaza, the violence in the west bank and the invasion of Lebanon, does the Prime Minister believe that Israel’s right to self-defence justifies a death toll that, according to research by US medical professionals who have worked in Gaza, has now surpassed 118,000, as well as the 2,000 people killed in Lebanon?
Will he do what is morally and legally right and end the Government’s complicity in war crimes by banning all arms sales to Israel, including the F-35 fighter jet, and not just 30 licences—yes or no?
No, but it is a really serious point.
Banning all sales would mean none for defensive purposes—
F-35 fighter jets.
It would mean none for defensive purposes.
On the anniversary of  7 October  and days after a huge attack by Iran into Israel, that would be the wrong position for this Government and I will not take it.
The Prime Minister has rightly pointed out that the conflict in the middle east has been manipulated and sponsored by the Iranian regime.
We should stand by Israel, which is bearing the burden, taking the risks and standing up to world opinion in taking on Iran and its proxy terrorist groups.