Gentleman for that answer.
The disability action plan mid-year update is now somewhat overdue.
Can the Minister confirm to the House when there will be a much-needed update?
In helping vulnerable people to thrive in all walks of life, whether in employment or in respect of equality of opportunity, will the Minister’s Government commit, like the previous Conservative Government did, to working towards hosting the 2031 Special Olympics?
We will be saying more and we will provide an update in the forthcoming “Getting Britain Working” White Paper.
If the hon.
Lady would like to drop me a line about the Special Olympics, I would be happy to look into that as well.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of the accessibility of jobcentres to people living in rural areas.
We need jobcentres to be better everywhere, including those in rural areas with unique challenges.
In the autumn we will publish a White Paper on our plans to transform the employment support system, which will change jobcentres.
I welcome input on that issue from Members from all parts of the House.
In South Shropshire, youth unemployment has risen over the past month.
What is the Minister going to do to stop this worrying trend in rural communities like mine?
I thank the hon.
Member for bringing that point to the House; it is a major focus of the work that is currently going into the White Paper.
We have had very worrying developments for young people since the pandemic, and we need to do much better to give them the best possible start in life.
I will say it again: on this issue we welcome input from Members on all sides of the House.
Housing associations are the second largest investor in employment support in the UK, second only to the Department for Work and Pensions.
Their work invests in employment support for some of the hardest-to-reach communities, including rural communities such as mine in Suffolk Coastal.
Will the Minister commit to working with housing associations to co-design and co-invest employment support over this Parliament?
I thank my hon.
Friend again for her very welcome point.
Housing associations are extremely important for connecting with residents, who often have multiple vulnerabilities.
When thinking about the journey into work we need joined up services between the NHS, the local authority and our housing associations.
They will be a part of the future partnership, and I look forward to working with her for her constituency.
What recent assessment her Department has made of the effectiveness of Jobcentre Plus in helping people get back into work.
To be frank, the current system is focused on the problems of yesterday.
In the last Parliament, economic inactivity increased and the employment rate fell.
We are planning fundamental reforms to the system that will focus on the problems of today and get more people into work, details of which will be set out in our forthcoming White Paper, “Get Britain Working”.
Will the Minister set out how the proposed merger between Jobcentre Plus and the National Careers Service will help to tackle economic inactivity and change the way that jobcentres work with their customers?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question; I was pleased to hear that one of his earliest visits as the first ever Labour Member for Southport was to his local jobcentre with the Minister for Employment, who I know would want me to commend all the staff at the Southport jobcentre.
The truth is that, at present, jobcentres seem to function more as places from which benefits are administered than as centres supporting people into work.
The merger of Jobcentre Plus and the National Careers Service will address that, enabling us to get more people into employment and help those on low pay increase their earnings, through more personalised and localised support, ensuring that no one is left behind.