Will the Minister review the value of Jobcentre Plus private contracts to both jobseekers and taxpayers?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Performance is reviewed regularly and there are customer satisfaction surveys, but unlike the previous Government, this Government want to publish performance data so that everybody can see what is going on.
I thank the Minister very much for his response.
I think everyone wishes for claimants to be able to get job opportunities without finding themselves in a financial mess due to having to pay out for travel costs when they should be reimbursed.
This is a big issue in my constituency in Northern Ireland.
Will the Minister help directly those constituents who have been accordingly disadvantaged?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman.
I am not familiar with the arrangements in Northern Ireland, but certainly in the rest of the UK it is very clear that contractors ideally need to pay up-front, buy tickets and give them to the jobseeker before they embark on their journey, or, if not, reimburse them very quickly on production of a receipt.
What steps she is taking to progress the work of the child poverty taskforce.
Tackling child poverty is a top priority for the new Government, and a personal priority for me.
Children cannot fulfil their potential without food in their belly or a decent roof over their head, and we cannot fulfil our potential as a country when the talents of so many are left behind.
That is why our new child poverty taskforce will drive action across every area of government to drive up family income, drive down family costs and give every child the best start in life.
I welcome the establishment of the child poverty taskforce.
How will the taskforce ensure that lessons, including on the role of housing costs in driving up relative poverty and the necessity of growth to drive  down absolute poverty, will be learnt from previous attempts to drive down child poverty in Wales and across the UK?
My hon.
Friend makes a very important point about learning the lessons from the last time we were in government and lifted more than 600,000 children out of poverty, and looking at similarities and differences, not least that there are more children growing up in poverty in households, whether in the private rented sector or in social housing, and that there are more children growing up poor in a household where somebody works.
Getting and creating more good quality jobs, and helping families into those jobs, is absolutely a crucial part of our child poverty plan.
Yet we have a situation where families with more children are impacted by the two-child cap and the benefit cap, and the Government are refusing to get rid of those things.
At a stroke, they could lift thousands of children out of poverty and improve, overnight, their life chances.
I appreciate the fact that the Government have the child poverty taskforce, but that is not making a difference to these children today, is it?
I am under no illusion about the impact 14 years of the Conservatives and the social security system has had on child poverty.
That is why we are determined to take action across government to increase family incomes, drive down costs and, crucially, put in place long-term support, particularly in the early years.
We will produce the strategy by spring.
I am absolutely sure that every part of the plan will lift more children out of poverty.
What assessment she has made of trends in the level of child poverty in the last 10 years.
The last Labour Government lifted 600,000 children out of poverty.
Under the Conservatives, the number went up by 700,000.
There are now more than 4 million children living in poverty in the UK in the 21st century.
In one of the richest countries in the world, that is a complete disgrace.