Lady for her question—as ever, she speaks powerfully on this issue.
I completely agree that the only way through in the long term is the two-state solution.
To answer her question directly, we are working non-stop with our allies on that question, answering “What happens next?”
and never losing sight of the fact that the two-state solution is the only way to long-lasting peace.
We will continue in those efforts, which I know have the support of the House.
It is so important that we continue to do so, and we will.
The Prime Minister rightly says we need a ceasefire now, but after a year and over 45,000 deaths, what more can he do to achieve that ceasefire?
While the violence in the region continues, will he ask the Foreign Secretary and the Home Secretary to look sympathetically at requests for evacuation from dependants and close relatives of UK citizens?
On the question of a ceasefire, we are continuing to work with allies to bring that ceasefire about and to co-ordinate our efforts.
I recognise that diplomacy is sometimes slow, but it is in the end the only way to bring about that ceasefire, and we will continue with it.
In relation to British citizens in Lebanon, we do have a plan in place.
If anybody across the House has any details of our citizens who need further assistance, I would genuinely be pleased if they passed them to me, so we can action that straightaway.
On the anniversary of the terrorist attack last year, may I echo the sentiments of the Prime Minister in condemning Hamas, in supporting our Jewish community and, of course, in calling for the release of all the hostages?
I share his concern about the malign influence of Iran.
In that regard, can he confirm to the House that there will be no British involvement—be that personnel, facilities or airbases—in any Israeli response to its abhorrent attack last week?
I thank the right hon.
Member for his question.
As he will understand, I will not go into details on the Floor of the House as to our capabilities, but he will know that the involvement so far—for example, in relation to the attack in April—related to Israel’s self-defence, when missiles were raining in on Israel.
That is the support that we did provide and would always be prepared to provide.
Today, as we remember all those killed in the  7 October  Hamas attack and all those killed day after day in Israel’s war on Gaza and now Lebanon, the case for peace, the preservation of human life and the protection of human  life has never been more urgent and compelling.
An immediate ceasefire is desperately needed to stop all the killing, end the war crimes, free the hostages and get aid into Gaza.
However, it is clear that Israel’s right-wing political leaders will keep rejecting ceasefires and keep violating international law without stronger international pressure.
To get Israeli leaders to back a ceasefire, do we not need to see tougher action, including an end to all arms sales, as recent international court rulings demand?
I completely agree that we need an immediate ceasefire.
That is what we are working for and what the US is leading on.
I do not agree with a complete ban on arms sales.
That would include a ban on arms being used for defensive purposes.
Looking at the attack of only a few days ago by Iran, I think the House will understand my position on this and the position of many across the House.
The Prime Minister has rightly spoken about the significance of diplomacy right now, and I think the entire House would agree that, across the region itself, leaders must come together.