Again, I say to the right hon.
Lady that the reason so many of the poorest pensioners are missing out is that her Government failed to increase pension credit uptake.
We have launched the biggest ever programme to increase uptake of pension credit.
For the first time, we will be writing to all pensioners on housing benefit, and I urge the right hon.
Lady to work with her local council and others to make sure that the poorest in her constituency get the money they are entitled to.
Over 18,000 people in my constituency will lose the winter fuel payment, but this is not about figures; it is about individuals, which is why I am running a pensioners advisory service on Friday to help them with this issue.
This is about people, so what does the Secretary of State say to people such as Rita in my constituency, who is looking after her husband who has multiple sclerosis and who will not be eligible for pension credit and therefore the winter fuel payment?
I know that the hon.
Gentleman has focused over many years on health and healthcare issues, and I would say to him that we are in this situation because his Government left a £22 billion black hole in the public finances.
Unlike Conservative Members, we take our responsibilities seriously, and I would urge him to work with his councils—they have received £7.1 million in Hampshire and £5.3 million in Surrey from the household support fund—to make sure that all pensioners get the money they are entitled to.
I call the Chair of the Work and Pensions Committee.
I welcome the work that my right hon.
Friend is doing in ensuring that the uptake of pension credit is increased, but there are genuine concerns about people who are just above that threshold who will remain in poverty—just under a quarter of a million in the north-west alone.
In addition to the fantastic commitment there has been through the household support fund, will my right hon.
Friend be undertaking any other mitigations to ensure that those pensioners living in poverty, particularly disabled pensioners, will not fall foul of this?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question, and I welcome her to her position as Chair of the Select Committee.
Alongside our work to increase pension credit uptake, the household support fund is available for those just above the pension credit level.
My own  council has done a lot of work to make sure that pensioners just above that level can get extra help with the costs of heating or energy debt.
There is also the warm home discount, which is available not just to those on pension credit, but again to those just above that level if they are on low incomes and have high housing costs.
I congratulate the Secretary of State on her ambition to sign people up to pension credit, but we know that about 780,000 people will not sign up in time and also that there are 1 million people in fuel poverty above that mark.
Given that we are really worried now, as winter is approaching, about the impact that this is going to have, particularly on the health of older people, will she look at the work done by Energy Systems Catapult and NHS Gloucestershire on social prescribing to ensure that people can receive energy payments in that way?
My hon.
Friend raises a very important point.
This is not just about urging people to come forward and claim.
We are writing to pensioners on housing benefit for the first time ever, and I am determined to bring forward the merger of housing benefit and pension credit, which the former Government delayed for years.