However difficult that may seem at the moment, we must never lose sight of that being, in the end, the only political solution to this awful conflict.
We are a year on from when 1,200 Jewish people were systematically murdered.
Those who were women were raped and mutilated; 254 were taken hostage into Gaza, and 101 remain unaccounted for.
I agree with the Prime Minister that we need to make sure the hostages are returned immediately, but the first aspect of that is ensuring that the International Committee of the Red Cross has access to all those hostages in order to assess their state of health and, indeed, whether they are still alive.
Will the Prime Minister press for that, to make sure that we know how many are still alive and can be returned to their families?
For those who have sadly been murdered, at least their families will know what has happened to them.
Yes, that is very important.
When spending any time with the families, you get a real sense of the agony they are going through, which is made even worse by the fact that they do not have any meaningful information about their loved ones.
I agree with the hon.
Gentleman: that is an essential step to at least reduce some of the agony.
We in my constituency stand today with our neighbour Sharone in saying the name of her father, Oded Lifschitz, a proud peace activist who has been held by Hamas for over a year now.
We stand with our Palestinian neighbours who were able to escape from Gaza, who now fear for their relatives and what harm may befall them.
We stand with our neighbour trying to get out of Lebanon, where he was trying to support local children to learn.
We reject the lazy stereotype in this conflict that we have to pick a side.
We pick peace, and we simply ask the Prime Minister to do and show the same, so what reassurance can my right hon.
and learned Friend give me and my constituents today that everything that the British have—in fighting for the rule of law, in diplomacy, and even in our work on arms sales—will be dedicated towards peace and resolution for the innocent civilians in these regions?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question, which is a reminder of the impact that the conflict is having on so many of our communities here in the United Kingdom.
We are absolutely working with our allies on de-escalating across the region.
That requires Iran to take responsibility and be held accountable for what it is doing, which is why in my view, it is important for the G7 to speak so powerfully together with a co-ordinated and collaborative approach.
Today is a devastating and sobering day for those who are suffering the pain of grief—it feels that the claws are being run over those wounds again.
We have now seen escalation in the region, something that this House  warned about for months before this point.
It is clearer now than ever that when the embers finally die down and we can start to rebuild, the Palestinian question must be the No.
1 priority on the Prime Minister’s list and those of other world leaders—not because it is the right thing to do, but because it is a security concern that we must address if we want a safer world.
Does he agree that we now need to show unprecedented levels of leadership?
What is he doing personally to add to that?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her question—as ever, she speaks powerfully on this issue.
I completely agree that the only way through in the long term is the two-state solution.
To answer her question directly, we are working non-stop with our allies on that question, answering “What happens next?”