The medium-term question that we must help to address is what happens once the Israeli operation has finished.
I ask the Prime Minister to update the House on what steps this country, along with our allies, is taking  to help to build up the capacity of the Lebanese state so that Hezbollah cannot simply re-establish itself in southern Lebanon.
We must never forget that Hezbollah does not represent the interests of Lebanon or its citizens; it represents those of its paymasters in Tehran.
Turning to the situation of British nationals in Lebanon, I know that the Government have rightly been urging them to leave for some time now, but it is clear that difficulties in obtaining tickets on commercial flights mean that a number of our citizens are still there.
I welcome the Government’s chartering of planes to help British nationals to return home, and know very well the logistical challenges involved.
I pay tribute to all the Foreign Office and other teams who will be working hard to make sure that that happens.
Can the Prime Minister assure the House that any British national who wishes to leave Lebanon will be able to do so on a Government-chartered flight?
Turning next to the Prime Minister’s speech at the UN General Assembly, which he mentioned, I fully endorse his reaffirmation that the United Kingdom will stand with Ukraine for as long as it takes.
Events in the middle east, and indeed Ukraine, are another reminder that the world is increasingly becoming more dangerous.
If we wish to be able to continue to deter our enemies, defend our values and stand up for our interests, we will need to invest more in our military.
The Prime Minister and I have discussed previously my view that we should increase defence spending to 2.5% of GDP by 2030, and in our previous exchanges in this House he has said that a trajectory for future defence spending would be set out at the coming fiscal event.
I ask that he reconfirm his commitment to that timetable.
On this sad anniversary, I finish by saying that the United Kingdom stands with Israel against this terrorism today, tomorrow and always.
I say to the Jewish community here in Britain that I know that at moments like this, when the Jewish people are under attack in their homeland, Jewish people everywhere can feel less safe.
I know that the Prime Minister will agree with me that, across this House, we will always stand against the evils of antisemitism.
I thank the Leader of the Opposition for his words.
On an occasion like this, it is important that we speak with one voice across the House, and I think the whole House will agree with him that we must bring the hostages home.
They must be uppermost in our minds.
The Leader of the Opposition asks about the assistance in Lebanon.
Humanitarian assistance is being provided—aid and money, as well as training, as he will know—and we are working towards the Security Council resolution.
On evacuations, we will make sure that any British national has the assistance they need to come home.
I repeat that now is the time to leave.
If any British national requires assistance, I ask them please to make contact with us so that we can provide it.
In relation to defence spending, let me recommit to increasing it to 2.5%.
We will set out our plans in due course, but the most important thing today is for this House to do as it is doing: speaking with one voice on the one-year anniversary of an awful terrorist attack.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee on Foreign Affairs.
On this anniversary, the House unites in its condemnation of the murder of more than 1,000 Israeli citizens and makes a united call for the release of 100 hostages.