We will set out our plans in due course, but the most important thing today is for this House to do as it is doing: speaking with one voice on the one-year anniversary of an awful terrorist attack.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee on Foreign Affairs.
On this anniversary, the House unites in its condemnation of the murder of more than 1,000 Israeli citizens and makes a united call for the release of 100 hostages.
Parliament also stands behind a belief in the rules-based international order—a belief that all civilian life is equal and must be protected.
Today, we mark a year during which more than 41,000 Palestinians have been killed in Gaza, 742 people have been killed in the west bank and more than 2,000 people have been killed in Lebanon.
Will the Prime Minister confirm that all British actions in the middle east will be guided by the principles of de-escalation, peace and diplomacy, and the protection of all civilian life?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for that question, particularly her words about all civilian life being equal and protected.
I confirm that everything that we are doing is aimed at de-escalating across the region.
It is on the brink, and it is important for all sides to pull back from the brink.
That is why we have been working so closely with our allies in the G7 on de-escalation, speaking with one voice.
I call the leader of the Liberal Democrats.
I thank the Prime Minister for advance sight of his statement.
On the anniversary of the horrific attacks in Israel, we remember the victims, the people taken hostage and their families, and we stand with the whole Jewish community.
Earlier this year, I visited Israel and Palestine, and saw how both peoples were experiencing trauma.
We must never forget the trauma of the hostages and their families.
In Tel Aviv, I met Itzik Horn, a father still praying for his two sons, Yair and Eitan, to come home.
We must urge all actors to take the steps most likely to get the hostages home quickly and safely.
The past year has seen terrible violence in the middle east, a humanitarian catastrophe in Gaza, and an appalling spike in hate crimes here in the UK.
We must stand firm against antisemitism and Islamophobia, we must press for an immediate bilateral ceasefire to end the terrible cycle of violence and bring about lasting peace and security for both Israelis and Palestinians, and we must do all we can to prevent a regional war in the middle east.
UK forces rightly played their part in helping Israel to neutralise Iran’s outrageous attacks, and I hope that the Government will now try to convince Israel that keeping her citizens safe and secure is best achieved by restraint, not retaliation and the risk of a regional war.
As we do that, let us take a tougher stance on Iran and all her proxies, from Hezbollah to the Houthis.
Will the Prime Minister finally proscribe Iran’s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps?
We are horrified by the new crisis unfolding in Lebanon.
Will the Government go further on humanitarian aid?
Most importantly, we join the Prime Minister in calling for the cessation of rocket fire, the protection of civilians, and an immediate bilateral ceasefire, just like the one that we so desperately need in Gaza.
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for those questions.
I absolutely agree with him in relation to the hostage families.
When I sat with them, we often sat in silence because they could not find the  words to describe what they were going through.
I also agree with what he said about hate crimes.
The message and the messaging is very much de-escalation across the region.
He is right that we need to deal with state threats, including the IRGC.