The Minister has referred to the army of carers that we have across the country, but we also have an army of unpaid carers who are being deterred from applying for carer’s allowance because of concerns about the financial implications.
Can the Government reassure those who have not yet come forward that they will be supported properly?
I very much hope that we can, because the hon.
Gentleman is right: there is a good deal of anxiety about these overpayment problems.
We hope that the alert service will at least inform people when they run into a problem so that they do not then develop a large overpayment, which has happened all too often in the past, but we also need to look at the other arrangements relating to carer’s allowance in order to provide the reassurance for which the hon.
Gentleman has rightly called.
What assessment she has made of trends in the number of benefit sanctions in the last five years.
In May 2019 the universal credit sanction rate was 3.17%.
It reduced considerably during the pandemic, gradually returning to 3.51% by November 2021.
It then continued to rise, reaching a peak of 7.29% in October 2023, but it is now falling, with a rate of 6.17% in May 2024.
According to recent research by Gingerbread, a high percentage of sanctions have been misapplied to single parents, not because they have not met the job search requirements but because of missed meetings for reasons connected with childcare.
Max, a bereaved single dad of two, had his sanction overturned, which involved a fairly challenging process.
Will my hon.
Friend please look into the possibility of overhauling the mess of a system that was left behind by that lot over there?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question and, through her, I would like to thank Gingerbread for its work on this issue.
There have always been, and always will be, conditions attached to social security, but the past 14 years show what happens when we have a Government who are more interested in blaming people and creating cheap headlines than offering real help.
In our manifesto, Labour committed to review universal credit so that it makes work pay and tackles poverty, and the report that Gingerbread has written will also help inform our child poverty taskforce.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
I am determined to put transparency at the heart of the DWP, so I have today published 31 reports that were sat on by the previous Government—something that my right hon.
Friend the Minister for Social Security and Disability has long campaigned for.
Under this Government’s leadership, the DWP will be honest about the problems that the country faces and focused on the solutions needed to help people build a better life.
That starts with our forthcoming White Paper, to get Britain working again.
I first joined WASPI women—Women Against State Pension Inequality Campaign—in their welcome campaigning activity back in 2017.
Seven years later, they are still fighting for justice.
Can the Minister   assure women in my constituency and across the country that she will act urgently, unlike the previous Government, and bring this injustice to an end?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
I met representatives of the WASPI campaign before this Government were elected.
My hon.
Friend the Minister for Pensions was the first Minister to meet them in eight years.
It really is a serious report that requires serious consideration.
We will do everything possible to get this issue resolved as soon as possible.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
On  10 September , two days before recess, I led a debate in this Chamber, secured by the Conservative party, on the winter fuel allowance.
The right hon.
Lady spoke just now about transparency, but there was no equality impact assessment made available for that debate.