Given that around half of children in separated families—that is 1.8 million children—are receiving no support from their non-residential parent, does the Minister know when that figure might change?
The hon.
Gentleman raises an important point about those families who receive no support.
I am told that the figure is actually around 40%, but none the less it is not good enough.
Although there are varied reasons for that—indeed, there are some parents who do not want an arrangement—we are looking, as he may be aware, at a recently concluded consultation on the future of the Child Maintenance Service.
We will consider our next steps with a view to trying to increase collection levels wherever we can.
Members have to stand to be called.
I am not a mind reader; I am pretty good, but I cannot win the lottery.
Two constituents have contacted me with separate but similar cases relating to obtaining child maintenance payments from abusive ex-partners.
In both cases, their abusers have been able to use features of the system to avoid paying their fair share to their victims and their children, leaving my constituents with a shortfall of thousands of pounds.
Can my hon.
Friend tell me what steps are being taken to reform the child maintenance system to protect victims of abuse, such as my constituents?
The Department takes domestic abuse extremely seriously.
My hon.
Friend will be keen to hear that the recently concluded consultation I referenced in my previous answer looked to address some of the issues with the direct pay service.
Indeed, it consulted on the potential removal of that service moving forward.
That service has been open to abuse and has led to victims of domestic abuse continuing to be terrorised.
That is unacceptable, and we will look to address it moving forward.
If she will make an assessment of the potential impact of means-testing for winter fuel payment on people with medical conditions that are exacerbated by cold weather.
I welcome the hon.
Gentleman to his place.
Pensioners with a long-term health condition or disability may be eligible for disability-related benefits, such as disability living allowance or attendance allowance, and these benefits also provide for an additional amount in pension credit for those on low incomes.
The Government’s impersonal approach is cold comfort to thousands of disabled pensioners, including Ann in my constituency.
She has to boil water to prevent infection and uses an electric nebuliser, and as a result she has high energy usage to protect her health.
Can the Minister tell Ann what sacrifices she should make to protect her health this winter?
This is a decision that we neither wanted nor expected to make, but when we came into office there was a £22 billion black hole in the public finances.
There are mitigations in place.
We have extended the household support fund and the hon.
Gentleman’s council will receive an extra £3.9 million.
We are increasing the state pension.
Through the triple lock, the state pension will increase by £1,700 in this Parliament.
We will also deliver the warm home discount scheme, and I hope he will join me in making sure that every pensioner who is eligible for pension credit receives it, which will passport them to the winter fuel payment.
We know that 2 million older people currently live in poverty in this country, with millions more with incomes just above the poverty level.
Does the Minister agree that the Government should set up a pensioner taskforce to look at how pensioner poverty can be tackled once and for all?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that question.
I will meet him and any other Members of this House who have concerns on this matter.
What steps she is taking to ensure pensioners who are eligible for but have not previously claimed pension credit receive a winter fuel payment in winter 2024-25.