We are in constant contact with the Lebanese authorities in relation to that.
Many of us have been fortunate enough to see the good work that UNRWA has done on the ground over many years, but, to be effective, an aid delivery vehicle needs to be rigorously impartial.
Given that, will the Government treat UNRWA with caution and carefully, and remember that other aid delivery agencies are available?
We of course have to be careful to ensure that any agency absolutely complies with international law and, where there are any allegations, we must ensure that they are properly investigated and any wrongdoing is rooted out.
We do have to provide, or help to provide, aid across the region, but that is caveated by the first part of my statement in relation to the point that the right hon.
Gentleman rightly raises.
I wish to put on the record my sorrow at the appallingly violent events of  7 October  one year ago in southern Israel, and at all the days of violence we have  witnessed since.
Since the House last met, the forced displacement of almost 2 million residents of Gaza by Israel’s military action has been compounded by a further half a million people forcibly displaced in Lebanon, again by Israeli military action.
Does the Prime Minister share the concerns of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, Filippo Grandi, that in destroying civilian infrastructure, killing civilians and impacting humanitarian operations, the Israeli invasion is a breach of international law?
What further steps will the Prime Minister take to enforce a ceasefire?
I am not going to accept invitations to agree with other people’s assessments.
I will make my own.
I have been absolutely clear that Israel has the right to defend herself in accordance with international law.
The displacement is a very serious issue across the region.
Very many people have been displaced and many of them simply want to go home.
That includes Israelis who have been displaced from their homes as well.
That is why we need to de-escalate: to ensure that those displaced can return back and live safely in their own communities.
In just 15 months, Iran will be free of many of the restrictions under the joint comprehensive plan of action on its production of centrifuges and its uranium enrichment.
Given the new nexus of evil of North Korea, Iran and Russia on nuclear technology transfer, does the Prime Minister believe the JCPOA is still fit for purpose?
The right hon.
Gentleman raises a really important point in relation to the nuclear ambitions that we absolutely have to be alive to.
We must ensure that Iran cannot possibly get weapons.
The sanctions, and the regime around them, must be geared towards that central issue.