Friend raises a very important point.
This is not just about urging people to come forward and claim.
We are writing to pensioners on housing benefit for the first time ever, and I am determined to bring forward the merger of housing benefit and pension credit, which the former Government delayed for years.
I very much agree about the need to bring together social prescribing with help from the household support fund and other areas to make sure pensioners get all the help they need, and about the need to work with frontline NHS staff, as we are also doing, to make sure that the poorest who may be stuck at home with chronic conditions also know what they are entitled to.
It is clear that one of the drivers of pensioner poverty is the sheer number of pensioners eligible for pension credit who have been left not claiming it for successive years by the previous Government.
I welcome the Secretary of State’s zeal for making sure that we put that right, but how can we as Members from across the House work with her Department to make sure that there are no unnecessary barriers for those who are eligible and in need of pension credit to claiming it this winter?
I would urge all hon.
Members in this House to work with their local councils, as I am doing, to make sure that those on housing benefit and other pensioners know what they are entitled to, and to make sure that their councils know that the household support fund—the £421 million we have set aside this year, despite all the problems we face—is also available to those pensioners just above the pension credit level.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
In the general election, the Labour party promised that it had no plans to means-test the winter fuel allowance, yet we learn that millions of pensioners are to be affected.
Indeed, in 2017 the right hon.
Lady’s party produced an analysis suggesting that around 4,000 pensioners would die prematurely were this policy to be brought into effect.
Does she stand by that figure of around 4,000?
If not, how many premature deaths does she believe will occur as a result of this policy?
In 2017, the right hon.
Gentleman’s party manifesto promised to means-test winter fuel payments.
Until Conservative Members know that they have to apologise to the British people for the 200,000 extra pensioners in poverty over the past 14 years, and for a £22 billion black hole in the public finances, which we are now putting right but that has put the public finances at risk, they will remain on the Opposition Benches and we will remain on the Government Benches.
I think I need to correct the right hon.
Lady: there were actually 200,000 fewer pensioners in absolute poverty under the previous Conservative Government.
She quite rightly is pressing the uptake of pension credit, but if all those who are eligible for it take it up, that will cost £3.8 billion, which is substantially more than the saving that is scored at £1.4 billion.
If she is successful in her aspiration, the costs will substantially outweigh the savings; if she is not successful, potentially millions of pensioners will be plunged further into poverty.
May I ask her which it is?
There are 200,000 more pensioners in poverty, and I am happy to put those figures into the public domain to set the record straight.
The savings we have put forward take into account the increase in uptake that we foresee.
Unlike Conservative Members, we are determined and will do everything possible—they should perhaps ask themselves why they first announced the merger of pension credit and housing benefit in 2012 and then put it off until 2028—to change things and get people the money they are entitled to.
We will bring that forward to ensure that all the poorest pensioners get what they are entitled to.