Friend for his question; I was pleased to hear that one of his earliest visits as the first ever Labour Member for Southport was to his local jobcentre with the Minister for Employment, who I know would want me to commend all the staff at the Southport jobcentre.
The truth is that, at present, jobcentres seem to function more as places from which benefits are administered than as centres supporting people into work.
The merger of Jobcentre Plus and the National Careers Service will address that, enabling us to get more people into employment and help those on low pay increase their earnings, through more personalised and localised support, ensuring that no one is left behind.
The challenge that jobcentres in Kendal and the rest of Cumbria face, as well as getting people back into work, is the fact that our workforce in Westmorland is far too small.
The average house price in our constituency is 12 times average earnings, and waiting lists for social housing are through the roof.
Some 66% of all employers surveyed in our community recently said that they were working below capacity because they could not find enough staff, so if we want to tackle the problem in our economy, we need to do two things: first, increase the amount of social housing and secondly, allow more flexible visa arrangements.
Would the Minister’s Department work with housing colleagues to provide more housing grants for our community and sign up to the youth mobility visa arrangements?
Order.
The hon.
Member should know better.
He gets in a lot, so he should not take advantage of other Members.
The hon.
Member will be pleased to know that we intend to work considerably more flexibly to support the needs of communities in a varied and bespoke way.
He has particular challenges because of the rural nature of his constituency and various other factors, but he will appreciate that I will not make housing or Home Office policy on the hoof from the Dispatch Box.
I call the shadow Minister.
Jobcentres are extremely good, as we just heard from  the hon.
Member for Hackney South and Shoreditch (Dame Meg Hillier) , who is leaving the Chamber.
Yet the new Minister for Employment previously described jobcentres as places nobody wants to go, and claimed that they do not offer real help.
Our jobcentres help to ensure that almost 4 million more people have work, compared with when her party left office in 2010.
More than 2 million of those employed are women.
Will the Minister and the DWP team who have made disparaging remarks apologise to work coaches and DWP staff, who she and they have rubbished but who now have to look up to them as the new ministerial team?
I fear that the hon.
Lady has misunderstood the criticism, which is levied not at our outstanding work coaches but at the policies of the previous Government, who have left us with economic inactivity at its highest rate in years.
We are the only G7 economy with a lower employment rate than before the pandemic.
Those are the challenges that we have been left with, and the problems that we will solve.
What guidance her Department has issued to private contractors working in partnership with Jobcentre Plus on reimbursing claimants’ travel costs.
Provider guidance, which is published on gov.uk, makes clear that contractors on all our employment programmes must reimburse customers’ reasonable travel costs.
I thank the Minister for that response.
My constituent Connor is in a predicament: he is out of pocket for taxi fares to weekly or even twice weekly sessions with a Jobcentre Plus private contractor.
Connor told me that the sessions last barely 15 minutes and are not helping him to reach his goal of becoming a mechanical engineering apprentice.
Will the Minister review the value of Jobcentre Plus private contracts to both jobseekers and taxpayers?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.