Data from Marie Curie suggests that 90,000 people die in poverty every year, many of them after a terminal diagnosis.
Even with the help of the special rules system, there have been reports of terminally ill people facing mounds of red tape when trying to claim benefits.
Is the Minister satisfied that the current 12-month limit on special rules is sufficient, and has she assessed how the current administrative burden on terminally ill people claiming benefits can be reduced?
The hon.
Lady raises an extremely important question, which I have discussed with a hospice and other organisations such as Marie Curie and Sue Ryder in my own constituency.
I want to look at how the system can be made to work as quickly and swiftly as possible, particularly for people at this very difficult time in life, and I would be happy for the Social Security Minister and my office to contact her directly to get more information.
Research by Sense has found that none of the computers in jobcentres across Britain are equipped with specialist assistive technology, and it has estimated that it would cost £5 million to ensure that every jobcentre had that specialist assistive technology.
Will the Minister commit to introducing a jobcentre assistive technology fund in order to aid disabled people in their quest to look for work?
My hon.
Friend is an absolute expert on this kind of inclusive change that we need to make to our employment  support system so that we can help everybody, and I look forward to working with her on ideas just like that when we bring forward our White Paper in the autumn.
Members of the AEAT pension scheme have collectively lost millions of pounds from their pensions, despite being told that they would be no less favourable following the privatisation of their pension scheme in 1996.
The Public Accounts Committee found that they had received inadequate information from the Government and lost money as a result.
Will the Minister provide a clear timescale for redress for AEAT pensioners in this unique case, as promised by a previous Pensions Minister?
I thank the hon.
Member for his question.
I have looked into this issue, which has a long and complex history, and I would be very willing to meet him to discuss it in more detail.
The Secretary of State has today published 31 research papers commissioned but hidden by the previous Government, which among other things provide valuable insight into the experience of disabled people applying for personal independence payments in order to live and work independently.
Why does the Minister think the last Government chose not to publish these findings?
My hon.
Friend asks an extremely good question.
The policy of the previous Government was to publish all such commissioned research reports within 12 weeks of receiving them.
That policy was complied with until 2018, when Ministers stopped complying with it, so we have had to publish all these reports today.
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State’s announcement is a vital first step in rebuilding the trust in the Department that was so shattered by the culture of secrecy, obfuscation and cover-up by Conservative Ministers.
In response to several hon.
Members, Ministers have spoken about the complexity of the ombudsman’s report on the WASPI campaign.
While appreciating that, may I ask for a statement in principle that the Government will eventually offer significant compensation to the WASPI women?
As I said previously, the ombudsman took six years to consider this complex case.
We are looking into it very seriously, but I cannot make any announcements today.
The right hon.
Gentleman will have to wait for our announcement on this issue.
The Government’s proposed youth guarantee will help to ensure that young people are either learning or earning.
Of course, the young person’s guarantee is already a key commitment of the Labour-run Welsh Government.