I am very sorry to hear of this case.
I am not familiar with it, but I will look into it, if the hon.
Gentleman contacts me with the details.
Before I call the Prime Minister, I am sure that the House will wish to reflect for a moment on the fact that this is a solemn day.
It marks the first anniversary of the terrorist attack on Israel.
Dozens of hostages are still in captivity, and the conflict has claimed thousands of innocent civilian lives.
Today we should come together to remember all those who have been affected.
I call the Prime Minister.
Today we mark a year since the horrific attack on Israel by the terrorists of Hamas.
It was the bloodiest day for the Jewish people since the Holocaust—a day of sorrow, a day of grief.
Over 1,000 people were massacred, with hundreds taken hostage, in an attack born of hatred, targeted not just at individuals, but at Jewish communities, at their way of life and at the state of Israel—the symbol of Jewish security to the world.
Fifteen British citizens were brutally slain that day.
Another has since died in captivity.
Our thoughts today are with the Jewish people around the world, the Jewish community here in the United Kingdom, and all those we lost a year ago.
For so many, the pain and horror of that day is as acute today as it was a year ago.
They live it every day.
Last week I met the families of British hostages and those killed on  7 October .
I sat with them as they told me about their loved ones.
I will never forget their words.
Mandy Damari spoke of her love for her daughter Emily.
She said:
“my personal clock stopped at 10:24 on the 7th of October”,
the moment when Emily sent a desperate, unfinished message as Hamas attacked her kibbutz.
She is still held captive today.
We can hardly imagine what hostages like Emily are going through, or what the families are going through—the agony day after day.
So I say again: the hostages must be returned immediately and unconditionally.
They will always be uppermost in our minds.
I pay tribute again to the families for their incredible dignity and determination.
Today is also a day of grief for the wider region, as we look back on a year of conflict and suffering.
The human toll among innocent civilians in Gaza is truly devastating.
Over 41,000 Palestinians have been killed, tens of thousands orphaned and almost 2 million displaced, facing disease, starvation and desperation without proper healthcare or shelter.
It is a living nightmare and it must end.
We stand with all innocent victims in Israel, Gaza, the west bank, Lebanon and beyond, and we stand with all communities here in the United Kingdom against hatred of Jews or Muslims, because any attack on a minority is an attack on our proud values of tolerance and respect, and we will not stand for it.
With the middle east close to the brink, and the very real danger of a regional war, last week the Iranian regime chose to strike Israel.
The whole House will join me in utterly condemning this attack.
We support Israel’s right to defend herself against Iran’s aggression in line with international law.
Let us be very clear: this was not a defensive action by Iran; it was an act of aggression and a major escalation in response to the death of a terrorist leader.
It exposes once again Iran’s malign role  in the region.
It helped equip Hamas for the  7 October  attacks.
It armed Hezbollah, which launched a year-long barrage of rockets at northern Israel, forcing 60,000 Israelis to flee their home, and supports the Houthis, who mount direct attacks on Israel and continue to attack international shipping.