Member for Bedford (Mohammad Yasin)  on this serious injustice, which is being compounded by the lack of swift action for redress.
It really matters to all our constituents, including mine in Norfolk and Suffolk, where I have spoken to the local WASPI women group, which highlighted just how a big an impact it is having, including on women born in the 1950s who are struggling to make ends meet.
Will the Minister please set out the timescale by which she will respond to the report and the action that will be taken?
The ombudsman took six years to look into what is a serious, significant and complex set of cases.
We need time to look at that seriously, and we are doing precisely that.
What steps she is taking to support vulnerable people into work.
We are committed to supporting vulnerable customers into work.
At jobcentres, for example, we can identify the support needed and signpost people to courses or organisations to help them overcome barriers.
We will be saying more about our proposals in the forthcoming employment White Paper.
In my local jobcentre on Mare Street in my constituency, there is an extremely good team of DWP staff who work closely with vulnerable constituents to help them overcome the hurdles to getting benefits and getting into work.
However, for people with fluctuating conditions, and particularly mental health conditions, there are many barriers both for them and for prospective employers.
I wonder whether the Minister could give us a taster of what might be in  the White Paper in terms of support for employers in particular to encourage them to take on people with such challenges.
I very much welcome my hon.
Friend’s positive report of the work in her local jobcentre.
She highlights a major challenge behind a significant proportion of increased inactivity over the past few years.
We will set out our response in the “Getting Britain Working” White Paper, but we are already providing tailored support in partnership with NHS talking therapies and individual placement and support in primary care.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that there is a good deal more to be done.
Conservative-run East Sussex county council is threatening to close the Steps to Work programme, as well as Linden Court in Eastbourne, which supports people with learning disabilities to work towards employment.
Will the Minister urge the county council to halt its plans and to consider alternatives such as selling off council buildings to raise the funds needed to provide these essential services for people with learning disabilities?
The hon.
Gentleman draws my attention to a concerning development.
My view is that we need more support for people with learning disabilities to get into work, not less.
If he sends me the details of the concerns he has raised, I will be happy to look into them further.
I call the shadow Minister.
The well-received and groundbreaking Buckland review of autism employment focused on the action needed to help to tackle the lack of opportunities and outdated recruitment practices that do not meet the employment needs of autistic people.
How is the Minister—I welcome him to his place—going to use this review, which I seem to remember him welcoming, to tackle the lack of understanding and ongoing stereotypes to help to make real change via Access to Work and other DWP interventions?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her welcome.
I am looking forward to a meeting with Sir Robert later on this month, and we will be talking exactly about that matter.
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for that answer.
The disability action plan mid-year update is now somewhat overdue.
Can the Minister confirm to the House when there will be a much-needed update?