The savings we have put forward take into account the increase in uptake that we foresee.
Unlike Conservative Members, we are determined and will do everything possible—they should perhaps ask themselves why they first announced the merger of pension credit and housing benefit in 2012 and then put it off until 2028—to change things and get people the money they are entitled to.
We will bring that forward to ensure that all the poorest pensioners get what they are entitled to.
I call Liberal Democrat spokesperson Steve Darling.
There are 2.7 million pensioners over the age of 80 who would have benefited from the £300 winter fuel allowance.
They are among the most vulnerable in our society.
The right hon.
Lady is right to say that the previous Government let them down, but let us not add insult to injury and have the new Government let them down.
Can she reassure the House that she will reverse the regressive approach that she has taken to the winter fuel allowance, and not hit the most vulnerable people who are over 80?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question.
He will know that this was not a decision that we wanted or expected to make.
The reason we have taken it is that we have to deal with the £22 billion black hole in the public finances left by Conservative Members.
But in doing so, we will as a progressive party always prioritise the very poorest pensioners.
That is why we are so determined to end a situation where up to 880,000 people miss out on the winter fuel allowance because they are not getting pension credit.
We are determined to put that right.
What steps she is taking to reduce the time taken for Access to Work claims to be processed.
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question.
Labour’s manifesto said that we will tackle the backlog of Access to Work claims, and we will.
We have improved the process and increased the number of staff processing claims, but there is more to do and that work is ongoing.
Does the Minister agree that delays to the processing of Access to Work claims not only impact the individual and their health, particularly their mental health, but impact their ability to fulfil their potential and contribute to our economy?
What further steps will she take to ensure that the process for helping disabled people back into work is reformed, to ensure that it is genuinely one of support that allows people to fulfil their potential and enables businesses to thrive?
I agree wholeheartedly with my hon.
Friend.
Disabled people have the right to work like everybody else.
We have an ambition to see an 80% employment rate in this country, and we cannot do that without the contribution of people with disabilities.
We are working on an employment White Paper and developing our policies, and we want everybody in this country to make their full contribution, especially disabled people.
What assessment she has made of the effectiveness of the Child Maintenance Service in collecting payments.
The Child Maintenance Service is committed to ensuring that separated parents support their children financially and to taking robust enforcement action against those who do not do so.
Between March 2023 and March this year, the percentage of parents paying something towards maintenance through collect and pay increased from 65% to 69%.
This Government recognise that child maintenance payments play a crucial role in keeping hundreds of thousands of children out of poverty each year, and we are determined to do all we can to increase those collection levels further.
Given that around half of children in separated families—that is 1.8 million children—are receiving no support from their non-residential parent, does the Minister know when that figure might change?
The hon.
Gentleman raises an important point about those families who receive no support.