It exposes once again Iran’s malign role  in the region.
It helped equip Hamas for the  7 October  attacks.
It armed Hezbollah, which launched a year-long barrage of rockets at northern Israel, forcing 60,000 Israelis to flee their home, and supports the Houthis, who mount direct attacks on Israel and continue to attack international shipping.
I know the whole House will join me in thanking our brave servicemen and servicewomen, who have shown their usual courage in countering this threat, but make no mistake: the region cannot endure another year of this.
Civilians on all sides have suffered too much.
All sides must now step back from the brink and find the courage of restraint.
There is no military solution to these challenges, so we must renew our diplomatic efforts.
Together with my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs, I have had discussions with the leaders of Israel, Lebanon, Jordan, the Palestinian Authority, the G7 and the European Union, and made the case at the United Nations for political solutions to end the fighting.
In the weeks ahead, we will continue that work, focusing on three areas.
The first is Lebanon, where our immediate priority is the safety of British citizens.
Our team is on the ground, helping to get people out.
We have already brought more than 430 people home on chartered flights, and we stand ready to make additional evacuation efforts as necessary.
I again give this important message to British citizens still in Lebanon: you must leave now.
We are also working to ease the humanitarian crisis in Lebanon—last week we provided £10 million of vital support, in addition to the £5 million we are already providing to UNICEF—but the situation cannot go on.
We will continue to lead calls for an immediate ceasefire, and for the return to a political plan for Lebanon based on Security Council resolution 1701, which requires Hezbollah to withdraw north of the Litani river.
They must stop firing rockets and end this now, so that people on both sides of the border can return to their homes.
Secondly, we must renew efforts for an immediate ceasefire in Gaza, but we cannot simply wait for that to happen.
We must do more now to provide relief to the civilian population.
That is why we have restarted aid to the United Nations Relief and Works Agency.
We are supporting field hospitals, and the delivery of water, healthcare and treatment for malnourished children, but the ongoing restrictions on aid are impossible to justify.
Israel must open more crossings and allow lifesaving aid to flow.
Crucially, Israel must provide a safe environment for aid workers.
Too many have been killed, including three British citizens.
Israel must act now, so that, together with our allies, we can surge humanitarian support ahead of winter.
Thirdly, we must put in place solutions for the long term, to break the relentless cycle of violence.
The ultimate goal here is well understood: it must be a two-state solution.
There is no other option that offers stability and security.
We need to build a political route towards it, so that Israel is finally safe and secure, alongside the long-promised Palestinian state.
That requires support for the Palestinian Authority to step into the vacuum in Gaza; it requires an urgent international effort to support reconstruction; and it requires guarantees for Israel’s security.
We will work with our allies and partners to that end, but the key to all this remains a ceasefire in Gaza now, the unconditional release of the  hostages, and the unhindered flow of aid.
That is the fundamental first step to change the trajectory of the region.
Nobody in this House can truly imagine what it feels like to cower under the bodies of their friends, hoping a terrorist will not find them, mere minutes after dancing at a music festival.