The House is at its best when it speaks with once voice.
It has been a year of profound suffering, darkness and trauma.
Tens of thousands of innocent people have been killed and displaced, yet the world has learned nothing.
The prospect of a two-state solution is a distant dream and the odds on all-out war in the middle east are growing by the day.
The unimaginable devastation has to stop; the only hope is a diplomatic solution.
Will the Prime Minister assure me that the Government are doing everything in their power to bring about an immediate and permanent ceasefire across the region?
Yes, and we are not doing it alone.
We are working with our allies in relation to it— last week, I spoke to G7 allies about it, and we speak constantly to the US about it—because we need to de-escalate across the region.
We have seen escalation in recent days and weeks, and all sides need to pull back from the brink.
On behalf of the Green party, I associate myself with the remarks made by the Prime Minister and others in the House in remembrance of all those who lost their lives and were taken hostage in the horrific terrorist attacks on  7 October   last year.
One of those was Hayim Katsman, who was murdered by Hamas in Kibbutz Holit.
His brother Noy had his words included in a collection of speeches and eulogies published today by Standing Together.
Noy said this of Hayim:
“I have no doubt that even in the face of Hamas’ people that murdered him, in the face of their extreme right wing beliefs, he would still call out against killing and violence of innocent people.
Here, too, he would be empathetic to pain and oppression.”
Those are powerful words.
In that spirit, I express my continued and deep concern at the disproportionate response of Israel to the attacks on  7 October  and the extent to which that has perpetuated pain, oppression and the killing of innocent people.
In recent days, that response has resulted in an escalation of deadly violence.
I welcome the Prime Minister’s words about commitment to de-escalation.
Does he agree that an urgent ceasefire both between Israel and Hezbollah and in Gaza is essential to resolving the conflict?
The hon.
Member read out some powerful words, which will have been heard across the House.
Yes, de-escalation is absolutely needed at the moment as the region stands on the brink.
Mr Speaker, may I associate myself with your words and those of the Prime Minister in opening his statement?
In any time of conflict, our focus must be on two things: de-escalation and peace; and the plight of the civilian population, whether they be those hostages kidnapped on  7 October , those in Lebanon now sheltering in the street or those in Gaza who seek to find health facilities to treat their loved ones and themselves when they suffer from attacks by Israel.
What more can we do to support the health service in Lebanon, which is now on its knees and really needs our support if it is to help the people of Lebanon?
We do need to help and assist with the health services in Lebanon—along with the other humanitarian support and the support for training and other matters that we are putting in, it is so important that we do that.
We are in constant contact with the Lebanese authorities in relation to that.
Many of us have been fortunate enough to see the good work that UNRWA has done on the ground over many years, but, to be effective, an aid delivery vehicle needs to be rigorously impartial.
Given that, will the Government treat UNRWA with caution and carefully, and remember that other aid delivery agencies are available?