The Government have the opportunity to reverse the past years of neglect.
Health may be devolved, but that does not mean that we in this place can abdicate all responsibility for our national health service.
We have the excellent Antrim area hospital in my constituency, but it needs resource and support to develop its potential.
As a former Health Minister of Northern Ireland, I know that we have plans to deliver better services, but change needs recurrent resources,  which have been lacking in recent years.
I look forward to working with this Government to rebuild our national health service.
I know that I am speaking to the converted on how great South Antrim is, because I have been overwhelmed by the number of Members from across the House who have approached me to tell me of a relative or friend who lives in my constituency.
Indeed, I look forward to representing them and all my South Antrim constituents in this place.
Thank you, Mr Deputy Speaker, for calling me to make my maiden speech.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Harpenden and Berkhamsted (Victoria Collins)  on a fine speech, and a very impressive description of her constituency and her motivations for coming to this place.
It has taken me some time to get elected to the House.
I first stood in a general election back in 2001, so no one can accuse me of being a young man in a rush.
I am humbled to finally be here, having done some other things in party politics along the way.
I pay tribute to my late mum and dad, who inspired me to get involved in politics.
They gave me my Labour values, and I am sorry that they just missed out on the chance to see me get here.
I also thank my family for their huge support, including lots of campaigning and lots of patience, as my speech has come rather late in this debate.
I thank the electors of North Durham for voting for me to represent them in this House.
I promise that I will always fight for their interests, and I could not want to represent a finer constituency.
I follow into the House the right hon.
Kevan Jones.
He is an extremely tough act to follow, and I wish him well both in overcoming his health troubles and in his new role, having been elevated to the other place.
Kevan was elected MP for North Durham in 2001, and served the constituency and this House with distinction for 23 years.
He was utterly committed to the defence and security of our country, serving as a Defence Minister, with multiple stints on the Defence Committee.
He was the longest-serving member of the Intelligence and Security Committee, a vice-president of the NATO Parliamentary Assembly, and a commissioner of the Commonwealth War Graves Commission.
That is highly appropriate, given the number of veterans in the North Durham constituency—particularly people associated with the Durham Light Infantry.
I am sure that in the other place Kevan will continue to work on defence and other issues, such as the sub-postmasters’ campaign for justice.
His continued work on the Horizon redress advisory board will give reassurance to victims.
Kevan will continue to pursue an outcome for sub-postmasters who used the Capture software in the 1990s, which is currently the subject of an independent investigation that was commissioned by the Government earlier this year.
Many hon.
Members will know that Kevan is a keen photographer, often capturing and sharing the beauty of North Durham.
Countless voters and local organisations have told me how much they have been helped by Kevan.
He is held in high regard not just across this House but across North Durham.