This must change, and I believe it will change under this Labour Government.
Right now, we are witnessing a new industrial revolution sweep the world as we shift to a net zero future.
Whereas our past was in coal and ships, our future is in new nuclear, wave and tidal.
The election of this Labour Government means that revolution is finally coming to our shores, with a national wealth fund investing in jobs in every part of the country, a proper industrial strategy that forges a real partnership with business, and Great British Energy, which will make the UK a clean energy superpower.
I am determined that Hartlepool will play its part in this transformative agenda, once again at the metaphorical coalface of our country’s prosperity and economic growth.
That is nothing less than Hartlepool people deserve.
They are my inspiration, with their defiance, grit and determination to succeed in the face of challenge.
Even in the toughest of times, we come together, stronger, more united and standing up for each other.
Everywhere in our town, we see courage, community and compassion.
I have been privileged to work with brilliant Hartlepool people every day to improve our town, from those in our voluntary sector organisations and community groups to our faith leaders and those in our schools, colleges and clubs, including Hartlepool United; my children and I are proud season ticket holders.
All of them are working together in the service of our town.
Hartlepool has produced many leading lights across a variety of professions, from Iron Maiden guitarist Janick Gers to world boxing champion Savannah Marshall, fashion designer Scott Henshall and television presenter Jeff Stelling, whose repeated and impassioned outbursts defending the north-east, its culture, heritage and people from those who would seek to criticise it display all the formidable characteristics of a person raised in Hartlepool.
The Prime Minister has rightly talked about putting his Government back into the service of working people.
My unfaltering belief in public service was instilled in me from a young age.
I want to take a moment to pay tribute to my father, Charles Brash, a doctor in Hartlepool  for over 30 years.
One of my earliest memories is of him coming home from a night on call—GPs did that in those days—having a quick bite to eat, and then heading straight back out for his morning surgery.
Some people still call me “the doctor’s son”, and I wear it like a badge of honour.
His career, spent in the service of others, shaped my values, and my belief that only by putting people first can we achieve the change we need.
I pay tribute to my predecessor, Jill Mortimer.
Since her election in 2021, Jill has forged strong relationships in Hartlepool, particularly with veterans’ groups, which I hope to emulate.
Public service is never easy, and I thank Jill Mortimer for her service to Hartlepool.
I close by returning to the idea of opportunity.
Right now, in 2024, in one of the richest countries in the world, nearly 20% of Hartlepool’s children live in absolute poverty.
Nothing could better symbolise the spectre of opportunity denied—the opportunity for a safe and secure upbringing, to fulfil their boundless potential, to get a good job and raise their own family in security and prosperity.
So I welcome the announcement by my right hon.
Friends the Secretaries of State for Education and for Work and Pensions on developing an ambitious child poverty strategy, because as Members know, the record is clear: when Labour is in government, child poverty falls.
I am privileged to stand in this place, but I will never lose sight of the fact that it is a privilege gifted to me by Hartlepool people, far too many of whom have been denied opportunity for far too long.