While we may strongly disagree on the need for growth and new development in this country, we may agree more on the future of our NHS, and I look forward to working together on that ambition.
I am a proud Londoner, and like many Londoners I was not actually born here; I am delighted to share with you that I was born in Manchester and my family comes from Lancashire.
In fact, for most of my childhood I was aware of only one football team—the Bolton Wanderers—but for the last 42 years London has been my home, and the chance to represent my home city is truly a special honour.
I put on record my thanks to the residents of the Cities of London and Westminster for placing their trust in me as their representative.
I start by thanking Nickie Aiken for her service.
She is a pioneer, as the first woman to represent the Cities of London and Westminster, and is remembered fondly by many residents.
She has shown me kindness and offered her advice, for which I am grateful.
I know that here and across the constituency she will be remembered for her tireless work campaigning to regulate pedicabs, and her work to end the Vagrancy Act 1824 and deliver the Leasehold and Freehold Reform Act 2024.
I also pay tribute to my good friend Karen Buck, who represented the St John’s Wood neighbourhood wards of Abbey Road and Regent’s Park, which joined the two Cities constituency in the recent boundary review.
When walking through Westminster with Karen, it is hard to find anyone in her constituency who does not know her and has not been helped by her.
Through her tireless casework for tens of thousands of constituents, and her Homes (Fitness for Human Habitation) Act 2018, Karen has made an outstanding contribution to lives in Westminster and beyond.
She is a fearless representative and campaigner and a kind and wise friend.
I am so grateful for her advice, and will do my very best to live up to her high standards.
From 1977 to 2001, the two Cities were represented by Peter Brooke, who is remembered for his work as the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland, and later as the Secretary of State for National Heritage.
Finally, I also remember J. S. Mill, who represented the City of Westminster from 1865 to 1868, and who in 1866 became the first person in the history of Parliament to call for women to be given the right to vote.
I hope that he would be happy to see Nickie, Karen and I delivering on his pioneering work for equality here in the two Cities.
Truly, when a woman is tired of London she is tired of life.
The Cities of London and Westminster are home to great cultural institutions: the national gallery, the royal opera house, the commercial centres of Oxford Street and Edgware Road, innovative start-ups alongside major international corporations, the Government here in Westminster and Whitehall, the international financial centre of the City of London, the beautiful Hyde Park, Regent’s Park and St James’s Park alongside the residential squares of Belgravia and Marylebone, and yes, Buckingham Palace.
Many Members will know the neighbourhoods of Soho, Fitzrovia and Covent Garden as places to spend a night out.
In fact, tens of thousands of people live here.
We have St Bartholomew’s, one of London’s oldest churches, Bevis Marks, the oldest practising synagogue in the UK, and London Central Mosque.
Just minutes away from Parliament we have the Peabody estates of  Westminster, the pioneering and beautifully designed Churchill Gardens and Lillington and Longmore estates, the architectural delights of the Barbican, Golden Lane and the historic communities of Petticoat Square and the Guinness estate in Portsoken ward.