On education, we have the best readers in the western world.
We have been going up the PISA scales for mathematics and sciences, something that did not happen under the last Labour Government.
Crime has been halved, broadly speaking, across the period from 2010 to the present day.
When it comes to work and welfare, we have a near-record level of employment, and we have a low level of unemployment.
And economic inactivity is lower than in every single year under the last Labour Government.
What was Labour’s record?
When they left office, unemployment was double the level that it is today.
Under every single Labour Government in history, unemployment has been higher when they left office than when they came in.
Most disgraceful of all is that youth unemployment was up 43% under the last Labour Government; under the last Conservative Government it was down by over 40%.
As for welfare, under Labour there were 1.4 million people languishing on long-term benefits for almost a decade.
On pensions, we saw the 75p pension increase and the Gordon Brown raid on private pensions of £180 billion—from which the pension system never fully recovered.
It is, therefore, no surprise that, under Labour, we ended up with the fourth highest level of pensioner poverty across Europe.
Under Labour there were 1 million more people in absolute poverty after housing costs.
There were 200,000 more pensioners in poverty and 100,000 more children in poverty under the last Labour Government than there are today.
We will be a responsible Opposition: we welcome the commitment to growth in the King’s Speech; we welcome the commitment to building houses, as long as that is with sufficient local consent; we welcome the Budget responsibility Bill in principle; and we welcome the announcements that the Chancellor has made regarding pensions: consolidating pensions and ensuring that we get better returns for pensioners and that we invest in long-term pension capital.
But there are too many echoes in this King’s Speech of the Labour of old.
The nationalisation of the railways.
The consolidation of GB Energy.
The long hand of Government reaching—[Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear!”]
Labour Members cheer now but they won’t be cheering in a few years’ time.
They have short memories; I remember  when the railways were nationalised and it was not a pretty situation.
They are bringing forward French-style employment laws that will lead to less efficient businesses and to tribunals.
They will be increasing the freedoms of trade unions, who are their paymasters.
And they will be dispensing with minimum service levels; that will lead to more strikes and the inconvenience of the public, but certainly not greater growth.
What have we heard in the King’s Speech on welfare, one of the biggest challenges of the modern age?
Zip, absolutely nothing, nada, diddly squat—absolutely nothing from the Labour party.
They talk about moving the National Careers Service from the Department for Education to the Department for Work and Pensions; well, I hardly think that will move the dial.
Their back to work plan is named exactly as our back to work plan was that my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Godalming and Ash (Jeremy Hunt)  the shadow Chancellor and I launched last autumn, but it has nothing standing behind it—not the billions of pounds of support we put in place to encourage people to go into work and to transform lives.
All we have heard from those on the Government Benches is a denigration of our job centres; these are described as places of fear by the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions, and by the Minister for employment  the hon.
Member for Birkenhead (Alison McGovern)  as places that do not offer real help.
What an insult to the tens of thousands of hard-working people up and down our country who go into those offices to help people improve their prospects and improve their lives.