As a former officer in the Duke of Wellington’s Regiment, her constituency has deep links with my former regiment, and indeed its antecedent regiments, the 33rd and 76th of Foot.
It is fantastic to hear new Members on both sides of the House speak so passionately and eloquently about their constituencies.
I speak as the first new Member of Parliament for Huntingdon since 2001, but I am only the third Member in my lifetime, and the fourth Member since the second world war.
It is therefore an enormous privilege to have been elected to represent the constituency, and I am honoured to have been voted for by my constituents to follow such a long-serving Member of  Parliament.
My predecessor Jonathan Djanogly served the House and his constituents for some 23 years.
In Parliament he served on the Trade and Industry Committee, as Solicitor General and as a shadow Business Minister.
In government, he was the Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State at the Ministry of Justice.
My predecessor’s proudest achievements came from the work that he delivered locally.
His work on tackling flooding from the River Great Ouse saw significant flood alleviation projects delivered in St Ives and the Hemingfords, and further upstream in Godmanchester.
That work has saved thousands from the crippling impact of flood damage on homes and businesses.
I intend to build on that, delivering further flooding solutions across the constituency for villages such as Alconbury, Abbots Ripton, Wistow, Kimbolton, Broughton and Earith.
My predecessor is also rightly proud of his work in facilitating the delivery of both the A14 and the A428—road infrastructure projects that have transformed travel across Cambridgeshire, and stand to greatly enhance the region in its position at the tip of the UK innovation corridor.
The development has set the conditions for Huntingdon’s future growth, offering the opportunity for better jobs and taking advantage of the Cambridge cluster and expansion across the region, meaning that Huntingdon can be a business hub in its own right, not just a dormitory town for London and Cambridge.
Despite the growth that Huntingdon has seen over the past 60 years, first via the post-war London overspill and now via expansive development, the constituency is still characterised by its thriving towns and vibrant villages.
From the market towns of Huntingdon and St Ives to our rural villages, from Sawtry to Somersham, Houghton to Hamerton, Covington to Colne and Pidley to Perry—and three dozen others that will not stretch to my tortured alliteration—each has their own character and identity.
Huntingdonshire is a region with a rich history, and one that it will be a privilege to steward.
That history extends to some of my other predecessors.
Many Members will be aware that Huntingdon is the seat of a former Prime Minister, Sir John Major, who is still held in the highest regard across the constituency.
It was an honour to receive his endorsement during the recent election campaign.
Famously, it is also the former seat of the Lord Protector, Oliver Cromwell.
Cromwell was the Member of Parliament for Huntingdon in 1628 for just over a year until Charles I dissolved Parliament.
Records show that he made just one speech in that time—so far, so equal.
It is clear that Huntingdon expects a certain level of stature from its Members of Parliament.
Notable as Sir John Major and Oliver Cromwell surely are, arguably they are not Huntingdon’s most famous product.
It is not even the celebrated diarist Samuel Pepys, who attended Huntingdon Grammar School.
In fact, that accolade should be awarded to a lunch-time staple that everyone is familiar with; one that everyone has a favourite version of; and one that some Members may well have had for lunch this very day.
John Montagu, three times First Lord of the Admiralty, Postmaster General and Secretary of State, is not notable for his political career or his colourful social life.