I saw there just how important the law could be for tenants facing eviction and women suffering unequal pay.
Now I want to take those values of access to justice and a commitment to the rule of law into my new role as Solicitor General.
When, in 1907, we witnessed the opening of Golders Green underground station, adverts at the time dubbed our area a “place of delightful prospects”.
I can vouch that never a truer word has been spoken, but this place of delightful prospects has suffered in recent years.
My community has witnessed rising levels of antisemitism and Islamophobia.
These are a scourge on our society and as long as I am in office I will tirelessly call them out and work to eradicate them.
Our community today is increasingly becoming a place of busy food banks and empty mansions.
Inequality is writ large, stunting people’s health and potential.
Many across Finchley and Golders Green are struggling with the spiralling cost of living.
This has to change not just in my constituency, but across the whole country.
Our NHS is broken, the prisons are full, the police cannot respond when they are called out and our teachers are not supported to deliver.
We need to get Britain back on track, and the Bills set out in the King’s Speech are exactly what we need to take the brakes off the economy and restore and rebuild our public services.
My constituents are raring to go.
Whether it is the Brent Cross Town development, one of the largest regeneration developments in Europe, or our brilliant high street businesses and local entrepreneurs, all we need to get growing is a Government who are on our side.
Well, we have that Government now.
So, to quote my famous predecessor, let’s get straight to the point and let’s get on with the change that Britain truly needs.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker, for allowing me to make my maiden speech in this debate.
It is a privilege to follow the first female Chancellor in history, and to follow two inspiring maiden speeches from the Labour Benches by my hon.
Friends the Members for Queen’s Park and Maida Vale (Georgia Gould) and for Finchley and Golders Green (Sarah Sackman).
It is an honour to sit alongside them on the Government Benches, and their communities are both very lucky to have them.
As hon.
Members can imagine, I have given careful thought to my remarks today, but it is safe to say that this is not the most anticipated maiden speech ever  associated with Welwyn Hatfield.
The reason for that is that, on  20 November 1558 , Elizabeth I gave her inaugural address as Queen from Hatfield House in my constituency.
Irrespective of how the next few minutes go, I think her place in history is safe.
I am especially grateful to be called in this debate on the economy.
My constituency is anchored by two new towns that flourished under a previous Labour Government.
Hatfield and Welwyn Garden City were incorporated as new towns together under a single development corporation on  20 May 1948 .
The growth of Hatfield and Welwyn Garden City played an important role in the rebuilding and reimagining of life in our part of the country after the horrors of the second world war.
I believe that if we are to succeed in growing our economy, we have to rediscover the ambition and the vision that was embodied by those who designed and carefully planned our two great towns.
My predecessor as the MP for Welwyn Hatfield was the right hon.
Grant Shapps, who served our community for 19 years and will be well known to all Members of this House.
In fact, he will probably be familiar to anyone who was watching a morning television news programme at any point over the last five years.