It is not even the celebrated diarist Samuel Pepys, who attended Huntingdon Grammar School.
In fact, that accolade should be awarded to a lunch-time staple that everyone is familiar with; one that everyone has a favourite version of; and one that some Members may well have had for lunch this very day.
John Montagu, three times First Lord of the Admiralty, Postmaster General and Secretary of State, is not notable for his political career or his colourful social life.
John Montagu, whose family home was Hinchingbrooke House in Huntingdon, is best known today—somewhat arcanely—by his title and the moniker bestowed upon  his favourite snack to consume during long sessions at the card table.
Such was the popularity of said snack that other card players also wished to order it.
They would cry, “I’ll have the same as Sandwich.”
It obvious where this is going.
John Montagu, the 4th Earl of Sandwich, was not prepared to break from the card table to eat, so would ask his servants to bring him slices of salted beef between two pieces of toasted bread.
Yes, among its formidable political alumni, Huntingdon can also lay claim to a genuine global culinary revolution, described by The Wall Street Journal no less as Britain’s “biggest contribution to gastronomy”.
Huntingdon is the birthplace of the modern sandwich—every day is a school day.
I digress.
Huntingdon’s rich history is also characterised by an inextricable link to service via its long relationship with military aviation, initially through the Royal Flying Corps and subsequently during the second world war through RAF Bomber Command’s Pathfinder force and the United States army air force’s 303rd bombardment group.
On  4 July 1942 , the US eighth air force flew the first American mission over Nazi-occupied Europe from RAF Molesworth.
Latterly, during the cold war, RAF Alconbury saw the US air force provide covert high-altitude reconnaissance along the East German border in a new variant of its famed U-2 spy plane, in addition to providing battlefield damage assessment in the event of a nuclear strike.
Most of that base is now Huntingdon’s newest housing estate, Alconbury Weald—surely the only housing development in the country with fully functional nuclear decontamination and washdown facilities.
RAF Warboys, RAF Upwood and RAF Brampton have all since disappeared, but the constituency still retains those links.
RAF Alconbury and RAF Molesworth are still operated by the United States air force, and RAF Wyton is on the cutting edge of our defence intelligence capability.
Those links carry through into the constituency itself and it is striking just how many veterans have made their home within its boundaries.
One in nine households within Huntingdon are home to a veteran, a staggering number when compared with other constituencies and a community that, as a British Army veteran myself, I am proud to represent as their Member of Parliament—even if to many of those RAF veterans I am just a Pongo.
I know well how important it is to support our veterans’ community and to commit to improving veterans’ welfare.
Having undergone the process myself, the transition from service to civilian life has its challenges, and there are many stories of both success and failure.
I served on a veterans advisory and pensions committee and know well how important it is to ensure that veterans are able to access the services they need.
Veterans’ identity cards have helped to open those pathways for many who would otherwise struggle to evidence their service, but I hope the Government will look closely at how support itself is provided.
Restructuring Veterans UK and creating a more comprehensive holistic offering, easing access via an overhauled veterans gateway, could streamline access to the welfare services that our veterans need.