My parents’ generation then worked hard to give us the opportunities that they never had, including higher education, the chance to work across the country and across the world and personal freedoms to flourish.
This ethos—that each generation raises the next, that background be no barrier, and that opportunity be distributed as widely as talent—is the driving force in families in my constituency and a lodestar for this Government.
But making that a reality requires strong economic growth across our country.
We must back the industries of the future, such as Hitachi Rail in my constituency, which manufactures world-class, green trains, and employs 700 highly skilled workers and another 1,500 in the supply chain.
I thank a former Member of this House,  Phil Wilson, for his tireless campaign, alongside The Northern Echo, which led to the plant being located in the area some years ago.
I am also grateful for the public commitments made by my right hon.
Friends the Prime Minister, the Chancellor and the Transport Secretary to support Hitachi’s future.
I look forward to working with them to secure those jobs and expand high-tech manufacturing more widely.
That includes the innovative work at Sedgefield’s NETPark.
This Durham University spin-off hub develops innovative products in satellite technology, drug development and biological weapon detection, which are then exported around the globe.
The creation of jobs in the industries of the future is particularly important in a constituency with former mining communities, where ongoing economic development is badly needed.
I do not want the House to think that my constituency is all work and no play.
We are famous for the Sedgefield ball game—a historic Shrove Tuesday tradition not for the faint-hearted.
We are home to excellent football clubs, including Newton Aycliffe, where my parents served on the committee, and Spennymoor Town.
Spennymoor itself typifies our rich cultural history, with a heritage trail dedicated to Norman Cornish, one of the pitmen painters, who learned his craft alongside his mining in the Spennymoor settlement.
Some of the best brass bands in the country can also been found in the constituency.
They not only keep alive the cultural traditions of our past, but provide excellent, high-quality music education for new generations of young people today.
We are also home to incredible local produce, including artisan chocolate made in Coxhoe, and award-winning real ale brewed at the Surtees Arms in Ferryhill—I have personally quality-assured the latter on several occasions.
On the topic of ale, my predecessor Tony Blair was noted for hosting world leaders in pubs across the constituency.
I have yet to find a pub without a photo of the former Prime Minister and his closest NATO allies, but my diligent search continues.
Finally, I am proud of our thriving community organisations.
The Ladder Centre does invaluable work to support residents, and the Cornforth Partnership is a lifeline for those looking to get back into work.
Just as Durham coal powered our economy in the past, so constituencies such as mine can power our modern economy, with high-tech, green manufacturing and research.
Let me return to where I began—“Not the Least, but the Greatest we seek.”
Mr Deputy Speaker, in this House, let us commit ourselves to seek the greatest—the very best—for our constituents, for our communities and for our great nation.
I look forward to seeing the economic measures in the King’s Speech start to spread wealth, growth and opportunity to every corner of this United Kingdom, including the people of Newton Aycliffe and Spennymoor.
Thank you, Mr Deputy Speaker, for calling me to speak.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Newton Aycliffe and Spennymoor (Alan Strickland)  on his maiden speech.
I do not think that we crossed over at university, but mutual  friends tell me that he was an excellent president of the Oxford Student Union.
We can tell that his debating skills were honed there, and we saw that in evidence this evening.