Changes to the local government funding formula over the last 14 years have been unfair and removed resources from authorities such as Durham county council that are dealing with the highest levels of deprivation, and hampered their ability to deliver effective local services.
That urgently needs to be changed in the next local government funding settlement.
Capital spending on public services is also urgently needed.
On Friday, I visited Sacriston academy, a primary school, and was horrified to find excellent teachers delivering high-quality education, but in a setting that was literally falling down, with ceilings held up by scaffolding joists and whole classrooms, built in 1910—indeed, famous former pupils include Bobby Robson—now unusable due to water penetration through the ceilings and walls.
Local children deserve so much better.
Public transport in the constituency is not fit for purpose.
We need more frequent and reliable buses and more trains stopping at Chester-le-Street.
We also need the economic regeneration of local town centres.
The once thriving Front Streets of Chester-le-Street and Stanley are run down and need new life.
I think the House for listening to me today.
I look forward to contributing to debates here and to fighting tenaciously for the cause of North Durham and its people and the wider north-east.
I congratulate everybody who has made their maiden speech in this debate.
It is a big moment in one’s parliamentary career, but you are out the other side and nothing will be quite as traumatic as what you have experienced today.
To go through them very briefly, I thank  the hon.
Member for Queen’s Park and Maida Vale (Georgia Gould) , who told us that her great-grandfather—I think—came from Lithuania to set up a store in the middle of her constituency, which is her connection with it.
The hon.
Member for Finchley and Golders Green (Sarah Sackman)  paid a very generous tribute to Mike Freer and the dangers and intimidation that he faced.
She was also generous to Mrs Thatcher—she is clearly a very generous lady.
The hon.
Member for Welwyn Hatfield (Andrew Lewin)  paid tribute to Grant Shapps and his numerous and frequent Cabinet positions, as well as his commitment to Ukraine.
The hon.
Member for Peckham (Miatta Fahnbulleh)  paid tribute to the 190 Labour women MPs who are now in the House, as well as to Harriet Harman.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Bromsgrove (Bradley Thomas)  managed to weave King John and A. E. Housman into his speech, and informed us that Hollywood is not a city on the west coast of the United States, but is actually within his constituency.
If you want to see film stars, ladies and gentlemen, go to Bromsgrove.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Mid Leicestershire (Mr Bedford)  has the peculiarity of having three forebears who are still Members of this House.
He was generous to each of them, which shows that he is a wise man and will go far.
The hon.
Member for Hartlepool (Mr Brash)  stressed the industrial and shipping heritage of his constituency, and how it was indeed bombarded by the Germans in world war one, but it gave as good as it got.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for West Suffolk (Nick Timothy)  praised his predecessor, Matt Hancock, of course focusing on racing and horses—although not, I noticed, on horseplay as such.
The hon.
Member for Newton Aycliffe and Spennymoor (Alan Strickland)  focused, with great pride, on the Hitachi Rail company in his constituency—shortly, I am afraid to tell him, to be seized by the Labour party and nationalised as part of its Government programme.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Farnham and Bordon (Greg Stafford)  stressed defence spending,  the hon.
Member for Cities of London and Westminster (Rachel Blake)  leasehold reform and  the hon.
Member for South Antrim (Robin Swann)  the importance of agriculture.
I was out of the Chamber for the speech of  the hon.