In fact, tens of thousands of people live here.
We have St Bartholomew’s, one of London’s oldest churches, Bevis Marks, the oldest practising synagogue in the UK, and London Central Mosque.
Just minutes away from Parliament we have the Peabody estates of  Westminster, the pioneering and beautifully designed Churchill Gardens and Lillington and Longmore estates, the architectural delights of the Barbican, Golden Lane and the historic communities of Petticoat Square and the Guinness estate in Portsoken ward.
All those places are home to diverse communities living side by side, but also to inequality and injustice, and the struggle to find a stable, affordable and decent home is holding people in my constituency back from meeting their potential.
That struggle is holding our city and our country back from meeting our potential.
Tackling the housing crisis has brought me into politics, and this debate on the King’s Speech proposals for economic growth is an important time to highlight the situation that many of my constituents face.
Nearly 20 years ago, I worked at the Treasury on the Barker review of planning.
It is with sadness that I note that we are still not delivering the homes we need.
I am determined that this Government will deliver on our promise to build more affordable homes.
Ending no-fault evictions will bring certainty and security for the approximately 40% of households in the Cities of London and Westminster who are renting privately.
Our cross-Government strategy will put Britain back on track to ending homelessness, rough sleeping and temporary accommodation, which have been rising here for years and are harming so many.
I am grateful to organisations such as The Passage and The Connection here in the two Cities for doing so much to support vulnerable people.
The Cities of London and Westminster has one of the highest proportions of leasehold homes in the country.
Residential leasehold is trapping tenants with unaccountable landlords, and I am pleased the Government have pledged a leasehold and commonhold reform Bill.
It is characteristic of such an international place that global patterns affect our local communities.
The rise of short-term letting and the risk of dirty money in property are contributing to a loss of homes for Londoners, and as their representative here I am determined to tackle that.
I will be standing up for our local hospital and St Mary’s in Paddington, and continuing our campaign to secure funding for the redevelopment of London’s major trauma centre.
The story of the two Cities is one that is optimistic, outward-looking, hard-working and driven.
I hope to continue to represent this place in that fashion.
I am the first Labour and Co-operative Member of Parliament to ever represent this historic constituency, and I join colleagues in closing with a pledge to approach this new Parliament with a renewed commitment to respectful debate and disagreement.
Elections are a time to make a choice.
Now that a decision has been made, it is time to move forward with a relentless focus on public service and delivery.
It is with honour and humility, and a sense of trepidation, that I rise to make my maiden speech.
I think of those who have spoken here before and the gravity and seriousness of the issues that have been debated and discussed.
I hope that this Parliament is no different in how it discharges its duties, and that we in this intake of new Members live up to those standards.
I congratulate the many new Members on their maiden speeches, which have set a high bar.
Like everyone else in this House, I wish to thank sincerely those who placed their faith and trust in me by electing me.
I am indebted to the electorate of South Antrim for the support that I have received from across the entire community—indeed, entire communities—in my election to this place.
I also thank the dedicated campaign team who supported me during what was an honourable campaign.