I will work every day to live up to the women who came before me—that includes you, Madam Deputy Speaker, and your sister Baroness McDonagh, who have both showed such amazing, dedicated service and never give up fighting for constituents and the people of this country.
Queen’s Park and Maida Vale is a place that means a huge amount to me.
My great-grandfather came over to the UK when he was a teenager, fleeing the poverty and pogroms of Lithuania, and worked his way up to open a shop on Kilburn High Road.
My family have lived and worked in the area ever since.
Growing up in the heart of London, I attended Horfield primary school and saw how many children were cut out of the opportunities on their doorstep; that has driven me ever since.
The need that we see now is greater than ever.
My inbox and my surgeries are full of people facing the homelessness crisis and skipping meals to feed their family—all in walking distance of the Chamber.
Queen’s Park and Maida Vale is a place with huge need, but also with huge heart.
It has welcomed not just my family but families from so many different backgrounds.
We are home to the Bangladesh Caterers Association; the Lauderdale Road synagogue; the UK Albanian Muslim Community and Cultural Centre; Harlesden,  which is the unofficial capital of reggae and the starting point for so many iconic artists and producers; Kilburn, a centre of creativity with a claim to be the birthplace of cinema; and the amazing, diverse community of Church Street.
We are a community that is rich in spirit and dynamism.
In 1879, Queen’s Park was chosen to host the royal agricultural show, the Victorian equivalent of the Olympics.
It was a very British affair—it rained most of the time—but ordinary people campaigned to preserve the open space, and it is still a thriving park today.
Down the road, Walterton and Elgin Community Homes is a shining example of community leadership.
We also have the country’s only urban parish council.
Queen’s Park is the birthplace of the pride of west London, Queens Park Rangers football club.
I can tell the House that being a QPR fan is almost as good as this Chamber for getting to know the communities of the UK; it means spending rainy days in Cardiff, Preston, Southend and Tranmere, embracing again and again the triumph of hope over experience.
I have always been an optimist.
Despite 14 tough years in local government, including seven as Camden council leader, I have never lost hope, because every day I can see the power of communities.
I was elected as a councillor in 2010, and at events, when people used to say to me, “What do you do?”,
I would proudly say to them, “I am a councillor.”
They would say, “That is so wonderful; you do such wonderful work as a therapist.”
I would have to say, “No, not that kind of counsellor.
I am a Labour party councillor.”
They would either swiftly go and get a drink or talk to me about dog mess.
Street cleaning and rubbish collection are essential services that councils deliver—my hon.
Friend  the Member for Birmingham Erdington (Mrs Hamilton)  once introduced me as the person who makes sure that Keir Starmer’s bins are collected—but we often forget how much more local government is.
I see that every day, watching the work of Brent and Westminster, two brilliant Labour councils in my constituency.
Councils are lifelines for communities.
They provide care for the children and adults who most need support.
They are leaders of place, bringing services and people together to make change.
I have seen local government staff go above and beyond time and again, fuelled by love and dedication, because there was no one else there, whether they were working with communities to deliver food during covid or supporting Afghan evacuees.