My predecessor as the MP for Welwyn Hatfield was the right hon.
Grant Shapps, who served our community for 19 years and will be well known to all Members of this House.
In fact, he will probably be familiar to anyone who was watching a morning television news programme at any point over the last five years.
Before I talk about Grant’s legacy, however, I want to start with a message of reassurance to the Labour Whips and my colleagues: I have no desire to hold quite so many Cabinet positions as he did, and certainly not in such a short period of time.
I want to reflect solemnly on the personal and professional commitment that Grant Shapps made to the people of Ukraine.
After the Russian invasion in 2022, he opened his family home to provide sanctuary to three generations of a Ukrainian family, innocent people whose lives were turned upside down by Putin’s unprovoked act of aggression.
In the last Parliament, more than 200,000 Ukrainians were welcomed to our country under the Ukraine family scheme and the Ukraine sponsorship scheme, an initiative that I believe showed our country at its best, open and welcoming in an hour of grave need.
We serve in this House of Commons at a time when our wider political discourse can often be angry and divisive.
Of course we will disagree in the House, and passionately so—our constituents rightly expect us always to stand up for our community and our values, and I will certainly try to do just that—but I think we can too easily forget what unites us.
Where we agree, let us have the confidence to say so.
My predecessor was right to champion the people of Ukraine, and the cause of freedom and democracy.
I commend him for it, and wish him well in whatever comes next.
Welwyn Hatfield is a constituency rich in history.
Welwyn Village and Woolmer Green were both Roman settlements, and Welwyn is one of the few places in the country believed to have been occupied continuously for 2,000 years.
Nearly 400 years after Hatfield was home to Queen Elizabeth I, local people made an important contribution to the defeat of Nazi tyranny.
The Royal Air Force’s Mosquito fighter-bomber was developed at the de Havilland airfield and aircraft factory in Hatfield.
Welwyn Garden City also has a unique place in history as the creation of Ebenezer Howard, the father of the garden city movement.
His immaculately planned and tree-lined streets, such as Parkway in Welwyn Garden City, are still true to his vision from nearly 100 years ago.
Despite our wonderful history, what has struck me when I have walked around our towns and villages is the impression of too many projects on hold, and potential going unfulfilled.
Take the iconic Shredded Wheat silos, designed by Louis de Soissons in 1926 and a defining feature of Welwyn Garden City for decades.
The site has lain virtually dormant since the factory closed in 2008.
In central Hatfield, it is a similar story.
Queensway House consists of 66 units that were once all social housing.
In November 2019, after a ballot of residents, a majority decided that it was time to demolish and rebuild, but nearly five years later Queensway House is still standing, and it looms over the centre of Hatfield as a symbol of the inertia that has captured our politics for too long.
I am determined that that must change.
The centre of Hatfield is one part of our community that most urgently needs investment in good-quality housing and social infrastructure, and I will be a champion for it in this House.
Welwyn Hatfield is a growing and increasingly diverse community.
In just the last few months I have attended the world street food festival in Welwyn Garden City, the first ever Diwali celebration in White Lion Square in Hatfield, and the ever popular Welwyn festival on Singlers Marsh.