Members will know that Kevan is a keen photographer, often capturing and sharing the beauty of North Durham.
Countless voters and local organisations have told me how much they have been helped by Kevan.
He is held in high regard not just across this House but across North Durham.
I have been elected in a long line of Labour Members, all, as far as I can discern, from the same moderate tradition in the party that I stand in, and including distinguished Front Benchers such as Giles Radice and Jack Lawson, who served as Attlee’s Secretary of State for War in the closing days of world war two.
The Chester-le-Street part of my constituency has a unique distinction in the history of the Labour party, having returned a Labour Member to the House continuously since 1906—so no pressure on me to keep winning at all.
However, that long Labour history does not mean that North Durham is a safe seat.
In every characteristic other than never having been lost, it is a red wall seat  and has been electorally competitive in the last two contests.
Indeed, this most recent election campaign was rather livelier than I would have preferred.
Chester-le-Street is only one part of North Durham under its current boundaries, however, with the other major town being Stanley.
The constituency is rural—surprisingly so.
Aside from the two main towns, there are numerous villages.
I may get into trouble for not listing some of them, but I will try to list the major ones: Sacriston, Tantobie, Tanfield, Beamish, Bournmoor, Lumley, Pelton, Pelton Fell, Craghead, Ouston, Lanchester, Burnhope, Castleside and Annfield Plain are just some of them.
I wish to thank  the right hon.
Member for Basildon and Billericay (Mr Holden) , who previously represented Lanchester, Burnhope and Castleside in the North West Durham constituency in the last Parliament, and who has been most courteous and helpful in handing over responsibility for those fine communities.
I urge hon.
Members to visit North Durham.
As well as fine towns and villages, it has stunning countryside and attractions including Beamish, the world-famous open-air museum that brings the history of north-east England to life, and Durham county cricket club’s Riverside ground.
Kevan always described North Durham as a rural constituency with urban problems, and that remains the case.
Mining is at the heart of the history and previous economy of North Durham.
Almost every village has a pit wheel memorial; many also have memorials to terrible mining disasters, and many have lodge banners that are paraded at the Durham gala.
The decline of the industry over many decades and its eventual destruction in the 1980s, along with the closure of other major local employers, left terrible economic and social scars and a sense that some communities in the constituency have been left behind.
Levelling up, if it reached anywhere, did not reach the proud communities that elected me.
That brings me to the local importance of the topic of today’s debate: economy, welfare and public services.
North Durham needs economic stability and growth.
It is a travesty that there are so many families dependent on food banks.
It needs new skilled and well-paid jobs in the industries of the future.
It needs investment and project decisions by the Government to be targeted at creating jobs where they are most needed.
North Durham needs a fairer distribution of public spending.
Changes to the local government funding formula over the last 14 years have been unfair and removed resources from authorities such as Durham county council that are dealing with the highest levels of deprivation, and hampered their ability to deliver effective local services.
That urgently needs to be changed in the next local government funding settlement.
Capital spending on public services is also urgently needed.