Member for Newton Aycliffe and Spennymoor (Alan Strickland)  on his maiden speech.
I do not think that we crossed over at university, but mutual  friends tell me that he was an excellent president of the Oxford Student Union.
We can tell that his debating skills were honed there, and we saw that in evidence this evening.
I want to express my gratitude to the people of the new Farnham and Bordon constituency for placing their trust in me and for allowing me the honour to represent them here in Parliament.
I feel that giving a maiden speech is a bit like giving a best man’s speech at a wedding, as you are surrounded by disapproving elderly relatives who are going to hang on every word, but I can assure you, Mr Deputy Speaker, that none of the jokes that I have made before in any best man’s speeches will be given in this House, especially as I know that my mother-in-law is watching on the Parliament channel.
I also wish to thank my family—especially my wife, Caroline, and my daughters, Susannah and Lucy, who have put up with me a lot over the past year—for their patience and support, as well as my parents, James and Theresa.
Other hon.
Members have noted that they are not the first people in their family to be Members of Parliament.
I am not even the first sibling to be a Member of Parliament.
I pay tribute to my brother, Alexander, who served the people of the Rother Valley constituency so diligently in the previous Parliament.
Apparently, it is also customary to express gratitude to our predecessors in the seat—a small political obituary, as it were.
Fortunately, both my immediate predecessors, my right hon.
Friends the Members for Godalming and Ash (Jeremy Hunt) and for East Hampshire (Damian Hinds), are still, as Members can see, very much in their political prime.
None the less, I want to thank them for their generous support and advice since I was selected.
They have both achieved amazing things for the constituents whom I have inherited.
Campaigning was a sobering affair.
On the doorsteps I was told: “Oh, we do like Jeremy”, or “Damian did such wonderful stuff for us”, or “You have very big shoes to fill”.
To rub salt into the wound, the week before the election, the local paper ran a story on how much the people of Haslemere would miss the shadow Chancellor—believe me, I know my place.
Speaking of predecessors, the predecessor of my right hon.
Friend the Member for East Hampshire, Lord Arbuthnot, should be praised for his sterling work on the Horizonscandal and for bringing justice to the sub-postmasters so cruelly affected.
I still hope that those who were responsible—by act or omission—are brought to justice.
The newly created Farnham and Bordon is a county constituency crossing Surrey and Hampshire, making the life of a new Member of Parliament even more complex than it already is.
More than that, the name, while referencing the two largest towns in each county, ignores the other towns of Haslemere and Liphook and the many villages that range between the larger population centres.
Many argued for, and I supported, a less specific but more all-encompassing name for the constituency, such as the Wey Valley, taking its name from the beautiful River Wey that runs through it.
Clearly they are not romantics in the Boundary Commission, so Farnham and Bordon stuck.
The only saving grace is that its initials spell FAB, which sums up the area that I represent.
This “FAB” constituency ranges from Farnham in the north to Haslemere and Liphook in the south, Whitehill and Bordon in the west, and the western villages of Surrey, such as Tilford, in the east.