All we have heard from those on the Government Benches is a denigration of our job centres; these are described as places of fear by the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions, and by the Minister for employment  the hon.
Member for Birkenhead (Alison McGovern)  as places that do not offer real help.
What an insult to the tens of thousands of hard-working people up and down our country who go into those offices to help people improve their prospects and improve their lives.
They are against what they call punitive sanctions; it will cost hundreds of millions of pounds to remove those and it will result in less engagement with the help that is available and diminish people’s life chances.
There have been no comments whatsoever from the Government Benches on our work capability assessment reforms, that according to the Office for Budget Responsibility will see 400,000 fewer people on long-term sickness benefits.
They opposed in poetry; they have to govern in prose.
They have not even picked up the pen, but let me be clear: we made mistakes in government and we have paid the price at the ballot box, and it is right that my party now faces a period of reflection and does so with humility.
The electorate has spoken, and we must listen.
But that is not the same as saying that the vision that is Conservatism has died, even if of late it has been too often obscured.
That vision still burns bright.
It burns bright as a beacon of freedom, enterprise, opportunity and, yes, stability and hope in the face of—
I congratulate all Members who have made their maiden speeches today, including  the hon.
Member for Mid Leicestershire (Mr Bedford) , who paid a moving tribute at the end of his speech.
I thank staff across the parliamentary estate for diligently and patiently looking after new Members in these first few days.
It is an honour to be called to make my maiden speech, which I do proudly as the Member of Parliament for my hometown of Hartlepool.
To represent the place where I grew up, where I met my wife Pamela and where we are raising our young family holds a special kind of responsibility for me.
The challenges that Hartlepool people face are personal, because they are challenges that I share.
When one of our local businesses closes due to spiralling costs, there is a good chance that I have visited it in better times.
When a local play area is the victim of arson, my children are among those devastated at the loss of a place they enjoyed, and when someone tells me that they are living in pain because they cannot see an NHS dentist in a town that has been described as a dental desert, I know how they feel, because I cannot get one either.
It is these experiences that drove me to serve my home-town, and it is Hartlepool people who have given me that opportunity.
It is now my duty to respond in kind by delivering for them the opportunities that they have been denied for far too long.
That is why I welcome this King’s Speech, which prioritises growth in every part of the country, not just those already blessed with affluence.
Hartlepool’s history is one of innovation and industry.
Once the bedrock of the British economy as the country’s third-largest port, we built ships that shipped the Durham coal that powered the world.
At one point in our history, Hartlepool’s shipyards, such as William Gray and Company, launched more ships than anywhere else in the world.
As a major exporter of steel, we built the bridges, the ships, the railways and the infrastructure that transformed not just our economy but economies across the globe.