The centre of Hatfield is one part of our community that most urgently needs investment in good-quality housing and social infrastructure, and I will be a champion for it in this House.
Welwyn Hatfield is a growing and increasingly diverse community.
In just the last few months I have attended the world street food festival in Welwyn Garden City, the first ever Diwali celebration in White Lion Square in Hatfield, and the ever popular Welwyn festival on Singlers Marsh.
We are home to prominent national businesses, including Tesco and Ocado in Hatfield, and to the thriving University of Hertfordshire.
The university will soon be opening its state-of-the-art Spectra building for the study of physics, engineering and computer science—and yes, Mr Vice-Chancellor, as this will appear in Hansard, please consider that to be my formal bid for an invitation to its opening!
I believe that a new Parliament is a time for ambition and optimism.
Welwyn Hatfield blossomed when Attlee’s Labour Government put housing and carefully planned communities at the centre of its agenda for change.
Nearly 80 years later, we have another majority Labour Government with a mandate for national renewal.
This is a moment of opportunity, and each of us on these Benches has a responsibility to play our part in realising it.
For as long as I serve in this House of Commons, I will always do my utmost to champion Welwyn Hatfield, to respect our history, and to be an agent for change.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for West Suffolk (Nick Timothy)  on his maiden speech, and all those who have spoken for the first time in the House today.
It is an honour for me to make my maiden speech as the first Member of Parliament for the Newton Aycliffe and Spennymoor constituency.
I pay tribute to those who came before me.
The former Sedgefield constituency makes up the majority of the new seat.
In addition, we have taken Spennymoor and Tudhoe wards from Bishop Aukland, and Coxhoe ward from City of Durham.
I wish to put on record my thanks and pay tribute to Paul Howell and Dehenna Davison for their public service, and to my hon.
Friend  the Member for City of Durham (Mary Kelly Foy)  for her continuing dedication to her constituents.
Unlike some former Members of this House, I am not fluent in Latin, but I am assured that the motto of my hometown translates as “Not the Least, but the Greatest we seek.”
This has not only served as a powerful statement of intent for the new town of Aycliffe since 1947, but captures the shared spirit of the towns and villages across this new constituency—varied in history, but united in a desire to get on, to do well, to strive for a better future.
My own family’s story is testament to this spirit of aspiration that has long defined the working people of our country.
Several generations ago, both sides of my family were drawn from mining villages across England to the Durham coalfields because of their reputation for good wages and reliable work.
In turn, my grandparents moved from pit villages to Aycliffe new town, home for two years to the late Lord Beveridge, in search of modern housing and better jobs for their children.
My parents’ generation then worked hard to give us the opportunities that they never had, including higher education, the chance to work across the country and across the world and personal freedoms to flourish.
This ethos—that each generation raises the next, that background be no barrier, and that opportunity be distributed as widely as talent—is the driving force in families in my constituency and a lodestar for this Government.
But making that a reality requires strong economic growth across our country.