I wish Mike and his husband Angelo all the best in their future.
I also pay tribute to the much missed Dr Rudi Vis, who holds a special place in the heart of my local community, not least as the first Labour Member to represent this special patch of north London.
In over a century, I am only the second person from my party to be sent to this place by the people of Finchley and Golders Green.
I am also only the second woman.
Some Members may remember the first.
When Mrs Thatcher entered this place, she was made to wait two whole years to make her maiden speech, but in our era of breakneck news cycles, and with so much work that I want to do, having to wait just two weeks has felt like a very long time.
Having delayed long enough, Mrs Thatcher did not waste a second when she rose to her feet, breaking convention by making her maiden speech on a private Member’s Bill that she introduced.
“This is a maiden speech”,
she said, her sonorous tones echoing through this hallowed place—
“but I know that the constituency of Finchley…would not wish me to do other than come straight to the point”.—[Official Report,  5 February 1960 ; Vol.
616, c. 1350.]
The people of Finchley and Golders Green rightly remain as demanding of their elected officials today, so I, too, will come straight to the point.
Like Mrs Thatcher, I am a patriot and I want our communities and our country to prosper and be an influence on the global stage.
But unlike her, I fundamentally believe that there is such a thing as society.
Society is not an abstract idea to be buried in sociological essays.
We can see it in the rich tapestry of communities that come together across Finchley and Golders Green.
I may be the first female, Jewish, Gibraltarian MP from this constituency, but I would not be here without the support of my neighbours and my community: the Cypriot community, the Somali Bravanese, the Kosovan, the Japanese, the Irish and Hindu communities, the lawyers and the Uber drivers, the charity workers and the campaigners, the Spurs fans and the fans of some other north London team.
Whereas in recent times some politicians have chosen to use “north Londoner” as an insult, my constituents and I wear it as a badge of pride.
It symbolises a place that celebrates diversity, hard work and looking out for your neighbour.
Our diversity comes as no surprise to anyone familiar with the history of our area.
Where else can boast the parish where Archbishop Desmond Tutu honed his  ministry in the terrible years of exile during apartheid in South Africa, and the childhood home of the late and great Rabbi Jonathan Sacks, a man who taught us that a good society is one that offers all its members equal access to hope?
It was in East Finchley that George Michael first tinkled on the ivories and Amy Winehouse first took the stage.
Finchley and Golders Green has a quiet radicalism baked into its history.
Take Hampstead Garden Suburb, where I grew up, a project driven by the extraordinary Henrietta Barnett in the early 20th century.
One of the first garden cities, it was a groundbreaking development.
She also set up Toynbee Hall in London’s east end, where I began my legal career as a volunteer at the Free Legal Advice Centre.
I saw there just how important the law could be for tenants facing eviction and women suffering unequal pay.
Now I want to take those values of access to justice and a commitment to the rule of law into my new role as Solicitor General.
When, in 1907, we witnessed the opening of Golders Green underground station, adverts at the time dubbed our area a “place of delightful prospects”.