I have been privileged to work with brilliant Hartlepool people every day to improve our town, from those in our voluntary sector organisations and community groups, our faith leaders, and those in our schools, colleges and clubs, including Hartlepool United; my children and I are proud season ticket holders.
All of them are working together in the service of our town.
Hartlepool has produced many leading lights across a variety of professions, from Iron Maiden guitarist Janick Gers, world boxing champion Savannah Marshall, fashion designer Scott Henshall and television presenter Jeff Stelling, whose repeated and impassioned outbursts defending the north-east, its culture, heritage and people from those who would seek to criticise it display all the formidable characteristics of a person raised in Hartlepool.
The Prime Minister has rightly talked about putting his Government back into the service of working people.
My unfaltering belief in public service was instilled in me from a young age.
I want to take a moment to pay tribute to my father, Charles Brash, a doctor in Hartlepool  for over 30 years.
One of my earliest memories is of him coming home from a night on call—GPs did that in those days—having a quick bite to eat, and then heading straight back out for his morning surgery.
Some people still call me “the doctor’s son”, and I wear it like a badge of honour.
His career, spent in the service of others, shaped my values, and my belief that only by putting people first can we achieve the change we need.
I pay tribute to my predecessor, Jill Mortimer.
Since her election in 2021, Jill has forged strong relationships in Hartlepool, particularly with veterans’ groups, which I hope to emulate.
Public service is never easy, and I thank Jill Mortimer for her service to Hartlepool.
I close by returning to the idea of opportunity.
Right now, in 2024, in one of the richest countries in the world, nearly 20% of Hartlepool’s children live in absolute poverty.
Nothing could better symbolise the spectre of opportunity denied—the opportunity for a safe and secure upbringing, to fulfil their boundless potential, to get a good job and raise their own family in security and prosperity.
So I welcome the announcement by my right hon.
Friends the Secretaries of State for Education, and for Work and Pensions, on developing an ambitious child poverty strategy, because as Members know, the record is clear: when Labour is in government, child poverty falls.
I am privileged to stand in this place, but I will never lose sight of the fact that it is a privilege gifted to me by Hartlepool people, far too many of whom have been denied opportunity for far too long.
Hartlepool people have a reputation for, on occasion, electing fighters as opposed to quitters, and I am pleased to tell the House that they have done so again.
My duty, my service, is to fight for them every day to secure the brighter future that our town deserves.
I congratulate all Members who have made their maiden speeches today, including  the hon.
Member for Mid Leicestershire (Mr Bedford) , who paid a moving tribute at the end of his speech.
I thank staff across the parliamentary estate for diligently and patiently looking after new Members in these first few days.
It is an honour to be called to make my maiden speech, which I do proudly as the Member of Parliament for my hometown of Hartlepool.
To represent the place where I grew up, where I met my wife Pamela and where we are raising our young family holds a special kind of responsibility for me.
The challenges that Hartlepool people face are personal, because they are challenges that I share.
When one of our local businesses closes due to spiralling costs, there is a good chance that I have visited it in better times.