They provide care for the children and adults who most need support.
They are leaders of place, bringing services and people together to make change.
I have seen local government staff go above and beyond time and again, fuelled by love and dedication, because there was no one else there, whether they were working with communities to deliver food during covid or supporting Afghan evacuees.
When things have been hard, they have held together our communities, finding unity in difference.
The Gracious Speech sets out bold new proposals in the English devolution Bill to unlock the energy and creativity of communities.
It sets out Bills to fulfil Karen Buck’s long-held campaign to end no-fault evictions and reform the leasehold system.
The proposals will support the people of Queen’s Park and Maida Vale who come out every day to build their community—the youth workers, the community gardeners and those running the North Paddington food bank, who wish it did not have to exist.
These are people putting hope into action because they believe that things can change.
I know that as I sit in the Chamber, I will have their voices and stories with me, but I will also have the stories that I have heard from hon.
Members from across the UK.
We all have that in common: the privilege and the responsibility of bringing the voices of our  community to this place.
We may debate and disagree, but I hope to always listen and learn, and remember that we are being entrusted to weave those stories, hopes and ambitions together for a national vision for this country—one that governs for all and leaves no one behind.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
It is a pleasure to follow  the right hon.
and learned Member for Fareham and Waterlooville (Suella Braverman) .
Like other Members, I am somewhat surprised by her rewriting of recent economic history.
She had 14 years to fix the problems of child poverty, and did precious little to do that.
I listened today to the Chancellor of the Exchequer lay out this Government’s plans to restore economic stability and growth to this country—that is what will lift millions of children out of poverty in the long term.
It is a privilege to stand here today representing the place where I was born and raised, Finchley and Golders Green.
I would like to start by paying tribute to my predecessor, Mike Freer.
Although we disagreed on many things, Mike was dedicated to our area, both as a Member of Parliament and as leader of Barnet council.
I admire his commitment to public service and, in particular, his role in securing equal marriage legislation for same sex couples—a legacy that he can take enormous pride in.
But the circumstances under which Mike decided not to stand for re-election are appalling.
We should have been able to face each other on the basis of our ideas, but Mike’s life and office were threatened by those who believe in the bullet, not the ballot box.
It is a stark reminder of the fragility of our democracy both at home and abroad.
I want to use my time in this place to stand up for the democratic values and processes that I believe in.
Witnessing the dignified and smooth transition of power last week in all parts of this House is something we can take pride in.
We must ensure that we work together to defend the safety of public servants.
I wish Mike and his husband Angelo all the best in their future.
I also pay tribute to the much missed Dr Rudi Vis, who holds a special place in the heart of my local community, not least as the first Labour Member to represent this special patch of north London.
In over a century, I am only the second person from my party to be sent to this place by the people of Finchley and Golders Green.