Member for Cities of London and Westminster (Rachel Blake)  leasehold reform and  the hon.
Member for South Antrim (Robin Swann)  the importance of agriculture.
I was out of the Chamber for the speech of  the hon.
Member for Didcot and Wantage (Olly Glover) , and the Whip’s note simply says, “He said that there was a cat rubbing his legs”, or something to that effect. [
Laughter.]
Representing a highly rural constituency as I do, I know that strange things do occur, particularly late on those dull winter evenings.
The hon.
Member for Whitehaven and Workington (Josh MacAlister)  stressed the importance of children in care.
The hon.
Member for Halifax (Kate Dearden)  referred to her constituency as the new “Haliwood”, so another Hollywood reference there.
I thought my hon.
Friend  the Member for Huntingdon (Ben Obese-Jecty)  gave a very witty speech, and stressed the association with the RAF in his commitment to veterans.
The hon.
Member for Morecambe and Lunesdale (Lizzi Collinge)  paid tribute to David Morris and his support for the Eden project, and I was particularly pleased to see her do that.
The hon.
Member for North Down (Alex Easton)  made I think one of the most moving maiden speeches that we have heard in this House for a very long time.
He spoke very movingly about his parents, and we all know what pride his dad would have had in the fact that he has been successful in his fourth attempt to join us here in the House of Commons.
The hon.
Member for Harpenden and Berkhamsted (Victoria Collins)  referenced the fact that a Roman road—Watling Street—runs through her constituency and spoke passionately about the importance of community and tolerance.
Finally,  the hon.
Member for North Durham (Luke Akehurst)  spoke warmly of Kevan Jones, whom all of us who have been in this House for a while remember with great fondness, and the importance of skilled and well-paid jobs in his constituency.
I hope that I have pretty much covered everybody and said the main things that needed saying.
Let us now turn to the debate itself, and it seems to me that  the right hon.
Member for Leeds West and Pudsey (Rachel Reeves) , while I congratulate her warmly on being the first female Chancellor—I think that is a huge achievement and is to be very warmly welcomed—is,  I am afraid, suffering from some level of amnesia.
She appears to have forgotten the legacy that we have bequeathed to her.
Inflation, which was up at over 10% last autumn, is now back to target.
Mortgage rates are softening, real wages have been growing in each of the last 11 months and taxes have been coming down more recently under the previous Government.
When it comes to debt, we were on target, as we handed over to the right hon.
Lady, to see debt falling in line with her own fiscal target at the end of the fifth year, and we of course have the fastest growing economy in the G7.
One wonders where this amnesia is coming from, and it is of course nothing more than smoke and mirrors.
It is to cover up the fact that the Chancellor is rolling the pitch to raise taxes.
Against all the commitments she made during the general election, she will be raising those taxes in the autumn.
It will not be because we have bequeathed her something of which she was not aware in advance.
The IFS has made it very clear that the books were “open”, as Paul Johnson said, for all to see.
When it comes to public services, we have a proud record.
On education, we have the best readers in the western world.
We have been going up the PISA scales for mathematics and sciences, something that did not happen under the last Labour Government.
Crime has been halved, broadly speaking, across the period from 2010 to the present day.