Clearly they are not romantics in the Boundary Commission, so Farnham and Bordon stuck.
The only saving grace is that its initials spell FAB, which sums up the area that I represent.
This “FAB” constituency ranges from Farnham in the north to Haslemere and Liphook in the south, Whitehill and Bordon in the west, and the western villages of Surrey, such as Tilford, in the east.
Bookended by the north and south downs, it is an area of outstanding beauty, with thriving market towns, pleasant villages, and a thriving sports and arts scene, including the prestigious University for the Creative Arts.
It also has a significant military connection, most obviously in Bordon, which was home to the Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers until 2015 and is home to the Longmoor ranges, where Ukrainian troops are being trained.
Military history is everywhere, from Amesbury school in Haslemere and Hindhead, where Montgomery lived during the war, to the Canadian war graves and memorial in Liphook, and the site of the first-ever two-minute silence in this country on Castle Street in Farnham.
The residents of this new constituency are ever thankful for the role that our armed forces have played in keeping us safe.
From Arthur Conan Doyle to Jonny Wilkinson, King John to Flora Thompson, and Graham Thorpe to  the hon.
Member for Boston and Skegness (Richard Tice) , heroes and villains have been born, lived, worked and played in this fabulous constituency, but it is not the beautiful scenery, the historic gems, or the famous people who make this constituency the best in the country.
It is not even the fact that my grandparents ran Stafford’s sweet shop in Haslemere for many years—what little boy would not want grandparents who ran a sweet shop?
It is the current residents, businesses and community spirit that make FAB special, and a joy to represent.
Every day there are local events, charitable occasions and community festivities to get involved with.
Indeed, I doubt that anywhere else in this country can rival the number of duck races in the area.
Following that Cook’s tour of the constituency, one might be forgiven for thinking that there are no issues to solve—a home counties garden of Eden.
It of course cannot be denied that there are many areas of significant affluence, but it should not be concealed that there are areas of high deprivation, and I will champion their improvement.
The constituency’s location is both a benefit and a curse.
Within easy commuting distance of London, it provides a rural haven for those who wish to live outside but work in the city.
That also makes it rich pickings for housing developers who look for any open space, green or otherwise, to build on.
I am not against housing development—we need homes for our children and grandchildren—but we need the right homes in the right places, with the right tenure mix and with the supporting infrastructure.
Conservative-run East Hampshire district council has done everything that it can to persuade the new Government to modify their housing targets to make them more appropriate for our area, including writing to the Deputy Prime Minister.
I hope that she will respond positively.
Indeed, if there is one issue that unites the whole of the new Farnham and Bordon constituency, it is that infrastructure has not kept pace with development.
That is particularly acute in Bordon, where thousands of houses are going up without the supporting infrastructure.
The GP surgeries, the NHS dentists, the schools, the roads and the leisure centres all need upgrading and expanding rapidly to meet that housing growth.
We must not build more houses until infrastructure catches up.
Otherwise we will be left with housing estates devoid of services, security and society.
I am deeply concerned about the new Government’s plans on house building.