Like everyone else in this House, I wish to thank sincerely those who placed their faith and trust in me by electing me.
I am indebted to the electorate of South Antrim for the support that I have received from across the entire community—indeed, entire communities—in my election to this place.
I also thank the dedicated campaign team who supported me during what was an honourable campaign.
I pay tribute to my predecessor, Mr Paul Girvan, not just for his tenure as a Member of this House, but for his time as a Member of the Northern Ireland Assembly and as a local councillor.
South Antrim has moved between Paul’s party and my Ulster Unionist party on a number of occasions.
With that, I carry the privilege  and honour of returning the UUP to this place after a seven-year absence, and the charge and responsibility of bringing a moderate and reasoned Unionist voice from Northern Ireland, in my party’s tradition of working positively and constructively with all to achieve the best outcomes for all our people, and of working across this House to strengthen our Union and to deliver a Union for all.
I turn now to my constituency of South Antrim.
I want those here this evening to know what a fantastic part of our country it is.
Like so many constituencies, it has a mix of main towns—Ballyclare and Antrim—and a range of what were once small villages but are growing into large villages, such as Toome, Doagh, Crumlin, Randalstown, Templepatrick, Ballynure and many more.
Much of the constituency is a large and productive rural area, while part of the expanding urban area of Glengormley is merging with north Belfast in Mossley and Mallusk.
South Antrim is home to industry, research and cutting-edge business in large and small employers.
Indeed, I look forward to working with the Chancellor and her Government in further supporting those businesses through the Bills in the King’s Speech, and especially through the national wealth fund.
South Antrim is the base of Belfast international airport, which I believe has a real opportunity if it gets its much-needed rail link and the further expansion of Aldergrove and our Royal Air Force base.
That is why I believe that we also need a UK air transportation strategy, which I may raise later in the Adjournment debate—if  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon)  will take an intervention from me!
South Antrim’s agricultural sector is another pillar of our community and contributes significantly to our local economy.
Our annual Antrim agricultural show celebrates that agricultural heritage by bringing together farmers, producers and visitors from across the country and showcasing the best of rural life and promoting a strong sense of community.
It is on this Saturday at Shane’s castle, and I would encourage and welcome anyone who wants to attend.
Loch Neagh—the largest freshwater lake in the British isles—is another jewel in South Antrim’s crown, but it is currently struggling because of neglect, like many of our waterways.
However, the Stormont Executive’s new recovery programme is in place, and I hope that—with national support, given the need for action on our waterways—Loch Neagh will once more be a tourism and recreational attraction for visitors from far and wide.
A number of issues debated over the past few days will have a direct impact on the people of South Antrim, Northern Ireland and the United Kingdom—none more so than the future and support that the Government will offer our national health service and those who rely on and work in it.
The Government have the opportunity to reverse the past years of neglect.
Health may be devolved, but that does not mean that we in this place can abdicate all responsibility for our national health service.
We have the excellent Antrim area hospital in my constituency, but it needs resource and support to develop its potential.