So I welcome the announcement by my right hon.
Friends the Secretaries of State for Education and for Work and Pensions on developing an ambitious child poverty strategy, because as Members know, the record is clear: when Labour is in government, child poverty falls.
I am privileged to stand in this place, but I will never lose sight of the fact that it is a privilege gifted to me by Hartlepool people, far too many of whom have been denied opportunity for far too long.
Hartlepool people have a reputation for, on occasion, electing fighters as opposed to quitters, and I am pleased to tell the House that they have done so again.
My duty, my service, is to fight for them every day to secure the brighter future that our town deserves.
I am pleased to speak in a debate with so many strong female representatives, including  the hon.
Member for West Worcestershire (Dame Harriett Baldwin) , and I am really honoured to speak in a debate led by the first female Chancellor of the Exchequer, who has shown today what a force for change she is.
I have found it  incredibly moving to hear MPs across the House talk with such love and dedication about the places they represent.
It has given this Parliament a deep grounding in the stories of people from every part of the UK.
I feel deeply the trust put in me by the people of Queen’s Park and Maida Vale.
In speaking here, I stand on the shoulders of some extraordinary women who have represented the different parts of Queen’s Park and Maida Vale.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Brent East (Dawn Butler)  is someone who breaks through glass ceilings and lifts others up behind her.
Nothing ever dims her spirit and her passion for tackling injustice.
You need only walk down Harlesden High Street with her to see how she inspires people by her example—and sometimes her music.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Hampstead and Highgate (Tulip Siddiq)  is a formidable campaigner who was in the Chamber the day she was due to give birth because she needed to give her constituents a voice.
She did not stop campaigning until her constituent Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe was safely home with her family.
Those who know her will quickly learn that she never, ever gives up.
She is always a voice for the people she cares about.
Karen Buck gave an extraordinary 27 years of service to the residents of Westminster North.
I was at a school in my constituency last week where the head said that Karen was the fourth emergency service, always at the end of a phone ready to help.
I remember going to an elderly people’s lunch where the residents said, “You can be our MP—you are very nice.
Just make sure that Karen comes to our residents’ meeting in July.”
The wonderful team at the House Library sent me Karen’s maiden speech.
It was no surprise to me that it was a passionate call to action on the housing conditions of her constituents.
That passion has not dimmed for a second; it could be heard in every line of her 37 interventions on the Renters (Reform) Bill over 25 years later.
She has shown that somebody with community running through their veins can move mountains.
I will work every day to live up to the women who came before me—that includes you, Madam Deputy Speaker, and your sister Baroness McDonagh, who have both showed such amazing, dedicated service and never give up fighting for constituents and the people of this country.
Queen’s Park and Maida Vale is a place that means a huge amount to me.
My great-grandfather came over to the UK when he was a teenager, fleeing the poverty and pogroms of Lithuania, and worked his way up to open a shop on Kilburn High Road.