We must not build more houses until infrastructure catches up.
Otherwise we will be left with housing estates devoid of services, security and society.
I am deeply concerned about the new Government’s plans on house building.
Labour’s changes to planning, imposing top-down targets and removing the rights of local people to have their say on developments, is a retrograde step that has been met with anger from my constituents and resolute opposition from me.
I mentioned the need for health services in our area.
Having spent most of my career in healthcare, latterly working for seven years in the NHS, improving clinical services and patient outcomes, I know that both locally and nationally things need to change in the NHS.
We need to have a grown-up and honest discussion with the public about how we are going to deliver, provide and fund the NHS and social care going forwards.
For an ageing population with increasing healthcare needs and diminishing birth rates—that is, the people who are going to pay for the NHS—we need a cross-party discussion that brings all parties together to make long-term decisions on how we proceed with health and social care in this country.
If I achieve nothing else in my time here, starting that conversation, and hopefully progressing it fruitfully, will be something to hope for.
As a traditional, common-sense Conservative, I believe that we cannot pay for health and social care unless we have a strong economy.
Despite a global pandemic, a war in the east of Europe and instability in the middle east, and regardless of the picture that the Government are trying to paint in their press releases, the most recent statistics show that the economy is turning around and is on an upward trajectory.
I will oppose any measures by this Government, including the misguided nationalisation of industry and the socialist labour rules, that I believe will hamper or reverse that trend.
Equally important is to safeguard ourselves from external threats.
The rise of a resurgent Russia, China and North Korea is something that we should all be concerned about.
I do not believe that it is hyperbole to say that we are in a pre-war era, and we need to ensure that our borders, skies and infrastructure, both physical and digital, are safe from threats.
That is why I absolutely believe that we should move to 2.5% of GDP spent on defence immediately, and increase that to 3% when practical.
In short, we must protect our economy, healthcare and national security to ensure the prosperity and safety of our country, but mindful that maiden speeches are not meant to be controversial, I shall leave it there and return briefly to the subject of my FAB constituency.
In 1668, Samuel Pepys recorded that the people of Liphook were “good, honest people”.
Given his own morals and motivations, I am not sure whether he meant that as a compliment, but I assure the House that it is as true now as it was then for the residents of Farnham, Bordon, Haslemere, Liphook and our surrounding villages, and I pledge to be a good, honest servant of them in this place.
Thank you, Mr Deputy Speaker, and I thank  the hon.
Member for Farnham and Bordon  (Gregory Stafford)  for describing his constituency so passionately.
While we may strongly disagree on the need for growth and new development in this country, we may agree more on the future of our NHS, and I look forward to working together on that ambition.
I am a proud Londoner, and like many Londoners I was not actually born here; I am delighted to share with you that I was born in Manchester and my family comes from Lancashire.
In fact, for most of my childhood I was aware of only one football team—the Bolton Wanderers—but for the last 42 years London has been my home, and the chance to represent my home city is truly a special honour.