Member asked about diplomatic action.
As I have said, we are in close contact with members of the Quad, and all others, given our role as the penholder at the Security Council, and I am happy to update her on that in due course.
She asked about sanctions.
She will know that we do not comment on future designations, but I assure her that we keep these matters under close review.
The right hon.
Member asked about the humanitarian response, and our assistance is aimed at supporting 650,000 people.
We are the third largest donor, and more than 2.5 million people in Sudan have benefited from UK aid since the outbreak of the conflict in 2023, due to actions taken by her Government and by ours since the election.
We continue to use every forum we can to act.
During the United Nations General Assembly session Baroness Chapman, the Minister for International Development and Africa in the other place, co-hosted a high-level event with Liberia and the Netherlands on these issues, and condemned the parties’ disregard for international law.
Urgent accountability was the last issue that the right hon.
Member raised, and I assure her that that is central to what we are doing.
The support that we provide to different organisations is clear, including our long-standing support for the International Criminal Court and other organisations bringing all those responsible for atrocities to justice.
Indeed, the first convictions have taken place at the ICC in relation to activities in Darfur in earlier phases of this terrible conflict.
The massacre of civilians at El Fasher maternity hospital is just the latest in a series of atrocities in Sudan, and 1.2 million pregnant  and breastfeeding women face famine and malnutrition.
Sexual violence is widespread, and the Rapid Support Forces are using rape as a weapon of war, in blatant violation of international law.
What assurances can the Minister give that the UK is acting to alleviate this humanitarian disaster, and can he assure the House that there is no risk of UK-manufactured arms being used by the RSF?
My hon.
Friend rightly raises the horrific reports of sexual and gender-based violence in this conflict.
We are providing specific support on that through our women’s integrated sexual health programme and the diplomatic action that I mentioned in relation to my colleague Baroness Chapman and others.
We are also looking at new programmes where we can support women-led organisations in responding to the atrocities that have been going on.
As I said, that accountability will be key.
My hon.
Friend asked about the arms control regime, and I assure her that we keep these matters under close review and take any allegations incredibly seriously.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I associate my party with the remarks about Hurricane Melissa, and wish those on the island of Jamaica all our best wishes at this difficult time.
I am grateful to  the right hon.
Member for Oxford East (Anneliese Dodds)  for securing this urgent question, and to you for granting it, Mr Speaker.
As everyone has stated, the reports of the massacre of civilians by the RSF in El Fasher are truly horrific, yet the tragedy is that the international community was warned, and there has been a pattern of these terrible atrocities by the RSF.
The question for the Minister today is: has the UK done enough?
On  26 June , the Prime Minister said that we do not spend enough time on Sudan in this House.
That might be because the Minister for Africa sits in the other place, but when Lord Purvis asked Baroness Chapman on  17 July  about the UK’s work to enforce UN Security Council resolution 2736 on the protection of civilians in El Fasher, she said:
“I often find myself asking what the point is of many of these declarations”.—[Official Report, House of Lords,  17 July 2025 ; Vol.
847, c. 2000.]