Once the Bill passes, we will, of course, undertake a period of implementation.
My predecessor and the previous Deputy Prime Minister, who championed this legislation, were clear from the outset that the Bill will modernise the British workplace so that it is beneficial for businesses and for the people who work in them.
The modern economy has changed; it is different from 20 years ago.
The Conservatives had the time to modernise the economy and the relationships within workplaces, and they chose not to take that—
Order.
I don’t want to do this, but this is topicals, and all these Members need to get in.
We did not get through the list already.
You have to help me to help them.
I will save time, Mr Speaker, by not mentioning the 13 leading business organisations that have all called for certainty now—not well-intentioned future consultations on implementation, but certainty now, because jobs and the economy are bleeding out.
The Secretary of State will know that even the Resolution Foundation—that wonderful finishing school for aspiring Labour Ministers—said this week that some of the measures in the Bill should not be proceeded with.
Again, the Conservatives had 14 years in which the economy was changing.
They had the chance to tackle zero-hours contracts, and what did they do?
Nothing.
They had the chance to tackle fire and rehire, and they did nothing.
They had the chance to tackle the challenges of being an app-based employee, and they chose to do nothing.
We are acting to modernise the economy and the relationship out there between businesses and workers because that is what is needed.
It is what workers and businesses need, and it is what this Government are delivering.
Last  Friday, alongside my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State, I attended the Get Britain Growing: South East conference, which discussed opportunities across advanced manufacturing, life sciences, digital innovation and beyond.
Will the Minister set out how the industrial strategy will ensure that Bracknell and the wider south-east reaches its full potential?
My hon.
Friend is a dynamic advocate for a dynamic part of the country in the Thames valley.
The industrial strategy and its sector plans highlight the strengths in his area, especially in tech and life sciences.
Alongside the national package to grow the sector, specific interventions in the south-east include an AI growth zone in Culham, support for the Solent freeport, expanding the British Business Bank’s nations and regions investment fund and major projects backing the Oxford to Cambridge growth corridor.
We will keep working with my hon.
Friend to unlock the potential across the south-east.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Businesses across the country are struggling with unaffordable energy costs.
The burden of this Government’s national insurance contributions rise and uncertainty over the Employment Rights Bill are compounded by the immense struggle caused by sky-high energy bills.
I urge the Government to act with more urgency in addressing energy costs for businesses, including through accelerating the launch of the industrial competitiveness scheme, the consultation for which is not even due to be launched until the end of the year.
What discussions has the Minister had with the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero to cut operating costs for businesses, and will the Government consider Liberal Democrat proposals to break the link between gas and energy prices, halving bills within a decade and easing pressures?
I can assure the hon.
Lady that we are in constant contact with the Energy Secretary.
When I was at DSIT, we co-chaired the AI energy council, and we are working together to get the transition to renewable power done as swiftly as possible, generating the wealth that our country needs from the transition period.
Also, we are lowering bills and, through some targeted interventions, ensuring that those key businesses get the support they need on the challenges with energy prices and supply that we inherited when we came into office.