The Department for Business and Trade has embedded highly talented trade experts right across the world, and they are trying to do just that on the frontline of all the economic opportunities we perceive around the world, and that includes agriculture.
If there are  specific areas where the right hon.
Member perceives that the agricultural sector, either in his patch or across the United Kingdom, has an opportunity that is not yet being exploited, I want to hear from and work with him to make sure that British farmers benefit.
What steps his Department is taking to support businesses in the Jaguar Land Rover supply chain affected by the recent cyber-attack.
All Jaguar Land Rover’s UK factories have restarted and the company is offering a financing scheme to qualifying suppliers.
UK Export Finance has also provided a partial guarantee for a £1.5 billion loan from commercial lenders to help JLR manage its businesses and pay its suppliers.
I am grateful for my hon.
Friend’s continued advocacy for the Jaguar Land Rover supply chain, in particular small businesses in the Burnley constituency.
I understand that small businesses are now receiving support through the scheme, although more work needs to be done.
I thank the Minister for that answer, for his work thus far, and for his extensive correspondence with me and the industry during this crisis.
Local suppliers, such as the brilliant BCW in Burnley, have told me that the finance just is not getting to suppliers and that some of them are going to the wall or cutting jobs.
JLR is not doing enough to avoid widespread supply chain job losses.
This is affecting the entire British car industry through contagion effects, and suppliers are telling me that they are not out of the woods yet.
What more can he do to get more support for our suppliers, such as BCW?
BCW in my hon.
Friend’s constituency is an extremely important engineering firm not only for Jaguar Land Rover, but for our manufacturing supply chains.
The concerns he has raised about access to finance for companies lower down in the supply chain are ones that I have raised with both Jaguar Land Rover and banks—I had with a meeting with most of the lenders.
However, I commend the work of the Confederation of British Metalforming, which works with the supply chain.
I understand that it had positive meetings with Jaguar Land Rover recently, although of course there is a cash financing issue as factories come up to speed.
I will be paying close attention to that in the coming weeks.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
The growth emergency we inherited from the previous Government demands a proportionate response.
That means an unrelenting focus on pro-business policies.
It means harnessing investment in our high growth sectors and tirelessly implementing our modern industrial strategy.
It means shaking up our entire regulatory system.
The Department for Business and Trade is stripping out the rules, regulations and red tape that are  holding business back.
We are helping reduce the regulatory burden by 25%, cutting out 200 hours of needless paperwork for companies so far.
We are simplifying rules around company reporting, saving firms £230 million.
We are bringing in a strengthened growth duty for regulators and launching a new performance dashboard, injecting agility into our regulatory regime.
Where regulators are doubling up, we are streamlining them.
We are abolishing the British Hallmarking Council, transferring functions to the Department.
This is a new ministerial team acting with urgency.
We are using every lever we have to grow the economy and to deliver for this Government’s plan for change.
On Tuesday, the Ministry of Defence announced the launch of Project Fairfax, which will see a defence technology cluster established on surplus MOD land at RAF Wyton in Huntingdon.