I will keep these matters under close review.
I thank you for granting this urgent question, Mr Speaker, as you have done with a number of others, but this important issue should not have to come to the Floor of the House by way of an urgent question.
The Government must be more proactive.
The Minister for Africa gave a commitment to the International Development Committee that they would be more proactive during this Parliament, and I hope that that commitment will be honoured.
Will the Minister set out more fully what discussions there have been with the UAE?
Not only are there concerns about the use of weapons, but it is clear that the UAE has significant influence over the RSF and is a key player.
It is stated by the Government that we have influence with the UAE, so are we using that influence to ensure that it uses its influence with the RSF?
I note the right hon.
Gentleman’s comments and will ensure that my colleague in the other place is aware of them.
We are actively engaged on this matter.
Our teams, our officials and our special representative are working on this issue every day, so I do not want him to think that we do not take it serious—we absolutely do, particularly in light of the  new allegations that have been made in recent days.
We are the third biggest donor and the penholder, and we have been showing leadership on the issue over the past year and before that, including under the Government in which he served, as he knows.
The right hon.
Gentleman asks about the Quad and the UAE.
We welcome the efforts of the US-led Quad in seeking a resolution to the conflict.
He will know that the Quad issued a statement on  12 September , which was a significant development, but we remain in close contact with all the relevant stakeholders and parties in pushing for a humanitarian pause, a wider ceasefire and a Sudanese-led political transition.
We will continue to support Quad efforts in that regard, including through our role at the UN Security Council.
I thank my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Oxford East (Anneliese Dodds)  for securing this urgent question on this devastating topic.
My constituents of Sudanese heritage, alongside the whole community of the Cities of London and Westminster, are appalled by these atrocities.
Will the Minister update the House on the situation with consular access?
What might UK citizens expect for their family and friends in the region, and what kind of support is this country providing to reach out to them?
My hon.
Friend speaks powerfully on behalf of her constituents, and I know that she is not the only one; as I mentioned, my own constituents have great concern about family, friends and others in Sudan and have done so for a long time.
It is absolutely right that she puts their concerns on the record.
If I may, I will get back to her on consular access.
There are obviously extremely challenging circumstances on the ground—even humanitarian organisations and the United Nations are unable to access the region—but I will get back to her on what steps we can take through our consular services.
Can the Minister explain to the House what is the attitude of other states in the region towards this conflict?
Is there any prospect that they could unite and possibly make some form of physical intervention to separate the warring sides in Sudan?
Obviously it is not for me to speak to the individual policies of countries in the region, but the right hon.
Gentleman will know that, regrettably, to date it has not been possible to find a consensus in the United Nations Security Council on a way forward.