I pay tribute to the Royal Mail for the speed at which it reacted to those de minimis changes to ensure that businesses were able to continue.
We keep working with Royal Mail as well to ensure that that is possible.
In rural constituencies like South Norfolk, I can think of no better place for employment than our pubs.
From the Wheel of Fortune in Alpington to the Angel Inn in Loddon, these pubs are not just vital hubs of our communities but drivers of economic growth.
In fact, Mr Speaker, you are more than welcome to join my Christmas pub team on  13 December .
What support are the Government putting in place to help those businesses provide decent employment?
I am grateful for my hon.
Friend’s question— I am glad he got in today.
I can assure him that we are working closely with pubs.
We want pubs to be at the  beating heart of communities up and down the country.
We know we have inherited a challenging environment for pubs.
We listen to them and will be acting.
Earlier, the Secretary of State said that he was committed to growing our car industry, but British car manufacturers face huge fines for selling cars that consumers actually want, while the Government use taxpayers’ money to subsidise the purchase of foreign cars with Chinese batteries in them.
What are the Government’s plans to end the nonsensical zero emission vehicles mandate, and to restore a normal market, from which our car industry would benefit?
You would have thought, Mr Speaker, that the hon.
Gentleman might say a good word about our British automotive sector.
The trade deal that we struck with America—the first and the best such trade deal—protected 44,000 jobs from the tariff challenges being felt around the world.
We are creating new opportunities and investing.
As the House saw, the Government acted at speed to protect Jaguar Land Rover and its entire supply chain in its hour of need.
This Government act when we need to and create opportunities wherever we can, and we will continue to do so.
To make steel in this country, we need ceramics.
To build houses in this country, we need ceramics.
Five of the eight industrial strategy growth sectors require ceramics.
Ahead of the launch of the British industrial competitiveness scheme, might there be any interim relief from energy prices for energy-intensive industries?
My hon.
Friend is a fantastic champion for ceramics.
This is only my second time at the Dispatch Box, but it is also the second time that he has asked me about this.
He and I have already met to discuss it, and I am happy to have further conversations with him and industry about everything we can do, as soon as possible, to support the sector with its energy costs.
I launched my “Pub of the Year” award at the Goods Yard in Broadstone last week.
Fifty-four pubs and two breweries in Mid Dorset and North Poole support 1,600 jobs and underpin the vibrancy of our towns and villages, but two thirds of them have had to cut jobs or hours since the damaging jobs tax.
Hospitality venues typically operate seven days a week, and sometimes more than 12 hours a day, so they need many part-time workers.
Will the Government consult on a new lower rate of employer national insurance for workers earning £5,000 to £9,100, to support the employment of part-time workers and drive growth?
I come from a small business family in the hospitality sector, so I completely understand how important the sector is for local economies and jobs—especially pubs, which are the backbone of our high streets and important for pride in our local economies and communities.
We are helping pubs through our £1.5 million hospitality support scheme, and through brilliant initiatives such as Pub is The Hub, for which £440,000 was recently announced.
More will be announced soon.