This is a new ministerial team acting with urgency.
We are using every lever we have to grow the economy and to deliver for this Government’s plan for change.
On Tuesday, the Ministry of Defence announced the launch of Project Fairfax, which will see a defence technology cluster established on surplus MOD land at RAF Wyton in Huntingdon.
This is a hugely exciting opportunity for both Huntingdon and the MOD, as we seek to create a defence ecosystem in sites we have identified across Huntingdonshire.
With a decision yet to be made about identifying investible sites, and regarding the £600 million fund available through the strategic sites accelerator programme, will the Secretary of State meet me and the chief executive of my local council to discuss the inclusion of potential defence sites in Huntingdon?
I am grateful for the hon.
Gentleman’s question, and I know that his community will be grateful for his question, too.
I can assure him that we are working to mobilise the strategic sites accelerator, which will operate across the nation.
We expect to communicate how and when the programme will deploy in the coming period into spring.
As he knows, RAF Wyton is a key site for cyber and specialist operations command.
It is an important asset for our nation.
I, or the relevant Minister, will of course meet him to discuss how we can better support that site going forward, but already within Government it is a very highly valued asset.
Luxfer Gas Cylinders in my constituency employs more than 200 people and is a key supplier to hydrogen allocation round 1 projects.
It wants to expand to become the UK’s only manufacturer of high pressure hydrogen cylinders for hydrogen tube trailers and hydrogen vehicle fuel systems, which are currently imported.
Will the Minister meet me and other MPs who have significant hydrogen and fuel cell manufacturers in their constituencies to discuss how existing Government support for hydrogen can best drive UK growth and jobs?
I was pleased to address a meeting of Hydrogen UK just last week, where I reaffirmed Government support for the sector, which we have recognised through our industrial strategy and the clean energy industries sector plan.
I would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss in particular Luxfer’s ambitions to invest more in the UK.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
I welcome the team to their significant roles for the United Kingdom.
This week, the other place voted for five reasonable amendments to the Employment Rights Bill, representing a meaningful compromise with cross-party support to mitigate some of the worst of the damage caused by the Bill.
As the Office for Budget Responsibility now scores the impact of that legislation, this is one of the last chances to avoid the costs, taxes and spending cuts that will result from it.
Will the Secretary of State now put country before party, do the right thing by British business and accept those compromise amendments?
I am grateful for the shadow Secretary of State’s warm words.
He shadowed me when I first went into my role at the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology; he was then moved here before me, so I have followed him to this role.
I watch with trepidation the next reshuffle on his Benches.
The shadow Secretary of State mentions the workers’ rights Bill, which is still between the two Houses; I hope we will be reconciled as soon as possible so that it can get Royal Assent and benefit workers and businesses right across the nation.
Once the Bill passes, we will, of course, undertake a period of implementation.
My predecessor and the previous Deputy Prime Minister, who championed this legislation, were clear from the outset that the Bill will modernise the British workplace so that it is beneficial for businesses and for the people who work in them.
The modern economy has changed; it is different from 20 years ago.