Lady that we are in constant contact with the Energy Secretary.
When I was at DSIT, we co-chaired the AI energy council, and we are working together to get the transition to renewable power done as swiftly as possible, generating the wealth that our country needs from the transition period.
Also, we are lowering bills and, through some targeted interventions, ensuring that those key businesses get the support they need on the challenges with energy prices and supply that we inherited when we came into office.
Horwich trailer manufacturer Indespension tells me that the post-Brexit regulatory system has significantly increased the approval cost for new trailer designs because of differing rules between GB, EU and Northern Irish markets.
The business now spends more than £100,000 a year completing relevant paperwork.
What measures is the Secretary of State taking to remove the administrative burden on firms so that instead of form filling, they can invest and create the well-paid jobs that I want to see in my local economy?
I am grateful for my hon.
Friend’s passionate question.
As he will know, we have struck a trade deal with the EU and reset the relationship with it.
We will continue to build on that to deliver for all parts of our economy.
The Conservatives brought in a national guarantee of 11,500 post offices in the network.
Labour has promised to scrap that.
What assurances can Ministers give to people in Middleton, Lockington, Leconfield, Cherry Burton, Aldbrough, Walkington, Tickton, Hedon, Wawne,  Skirlaugh, Sproatley, Beverley, Roos, Ottringham, Keyingham, Withernsea, Easington and Thorngumbald that their post offices will be retained?
Order.
Mr Stuart, please—we do not read out the phone directory, and trying to do so in a topical does not work for you or me.
As I said to  the hon.
Member for West Worcestershire (Dame Harriett Baldwin) , we are committed to ensuring not just that we work to maintain the post office network, but that we deal with some of those long-standing issues about the viability of the business going forward—issues that the Conservatives had 14 years to fix and did not.
Workers at Tata’s Trostre site in my constituency have been hard hit by the five-week annual stoppage, leaving them short of money over Christmas.
Despite reassurances from Tata, the Minister will understand that they are worried that this is a sign of worse to come.
What is he doing to bring down energy prices, negotiate preferential treatment for our products to access the EU, and ensure that we strengthen our protections against cheap imports—all vital to the future of our steel industry?
We recognise the importance of the steel industry in Wales and of Trostre in particular, which has more than 70 years of tinplate production and is the only tinning line in the UK.
I met the chief executive of Tata Steel this week to discuss this very issue.
He referred to a softening in market demand, but fundamentally, this Government are committed to creating a better business environment for steel in the UK, so that it can compete with Europe, including on energy prices.
Small and medium-sized businesses in my constituency have told me about the impact that Trump’s trade war is having on their ability to export to the United States.
What is the Secretary of State doing to support these vital job creators and ensure that British goods can continue to be sold worldwide?
The hon.
Member raises an important point, particularly for small businesses, which rely on those schemes.
I pay tribute to the Royal Mail for the speed at which it reacted to those de minimis changes to ensure that businesses were able to continue.
We keep working with Royal Mail as well to ensure that that is possible.
In rural constituencies like South Norfolk, I can think of no better place for employment than our pubs.