The hon.
Gentleman knows that he has to wait until the Budget to find out what is in the Budget.
He mentioned planning.
We have made huge changes to planning rules, which have resulted in a saving of about £272 million in red-tape costs for business, so we are ensuring that that sector, in particular, has the environment it needs to contribute to growth.
I am afraid that is not good enough.
The industry is facing deep uncertainty around the kite flying going on across the road at the Treasury.
I realise that he is not responsible for that, but he needs a better answer for the construction industry.
The Construction  Products Association has just cut its growth forecast for the sector to barely 1% next year, warning that the uncertainty over new taxes is choking investment.
I will ask the Minister again: how on earth will adding £28,000 to the cost of a new home, or 25% to road construction costs, through a new builders tax do anything other than cement the slowdown that Labour is overseeing in our economy?
To stand up and raise uncertainty, and then complain about it, is quite something.
The shadow Minister said that we are slowing growth; we were the fastest-growing economy in the G7 in the first half of 2025.
We are now the fourth-largest exporter in the world, and we have had five interest-rate cuts in a row—
Do you even know what the question was?
Order.
Mr Timothy, you used to be an adviser who specialised in not answering questions; we do not need any help! [
Laughter.]
More!
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
I am glad that those on the Opposition Benches recognise excellence when they see it.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I also welcome the ministerial Front Benchers to their new roles.
The Liberal Democrats have long championed an industrial strategy.
In government, we created the Green Investment Bank, the British Business Bank and the regional growth fund, and we opposed the Conservative Government’s damaging decision to scrap the industrial plan.
We welcome the industrial strategy’s return, especially its focus on investing in skills.
However, businesses know that the apprenticeship levy does not work: funding is hard to access and millions go unspent.
We welcomed the pledge in June to replace it with a more flexible growth and skills levy, but firms and young people are still awaiting details.
Will the Minister provide details of what training this will fund, so that businesses and young people can plan ahead with certainty?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her kind words on my new appointment.
I will not get ahead of announcements on that, but given the importance of skills to the industrial strategy, we are not waiting for those announcements.
We have had TechFirst, a £187 million investment in secondary school pupils, undergraduates, PhD students, entrepreneurs and businesses, to help them get ahead on that.
We have the engineering package of over £100 million, and the defence package of £182 million.
We are making those investments now to ensure that the pipeline is there for those industries, which are the priority within the industrial strategy.
What steps he is taking to help support business growth through his Department’s plan for small and medium-sized businesses.
What steps he is taking to help support business growth through his Department’s plan for small and medium-sized businesses.
The Government have launched our small business plan, which my predecessor, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Harrow West (Gareth Thomas) , did so much great work on. “
Backing your Business” outlines how we will make thriving small and medium-sized businesses a reality across the UK.
We are unlocking billions of pounds in finance to support businesses, including through the most significant reforms to tackle late payments in 25 years.
We will support businesses further by revitalising high streets and delivering growth-boosting support for digital adoption through a new online business growth service.