I come from a small business family in the hospitality sector, so I completely understand how important the sector is for local economies and jobs—especially pubs, which are the backbone of our high streets and important for pride in our local economies and communities.
We are helping pubs through our £1.5 million hospitality support scheme, and through brilliant initiatives such as Pub is The Hub, for which £440,000 was recently announced.
More will be announced soon.
As of tomorrow, the Lending Standards Board will be no more, because its funders—the banks—have pulled out.
Will Minister meet me urgently to take forward the good work that the board was doing, particularly on the ethnicity code?
That work exposed the fact that only 19% of minority businesses achieve loans, whereas 58% of standard applications do.
Businesses led by entrepreneurs from ethnic minority backgrounds make a huge contribution to all our constituencies.
Indeed, I met two such remarkable business people in Acton a couple of days ago.
My hon.
Friend is right to mention that finance is a barrier for under-represented groups, including ethnic minorities.
Dealing with that is a key part of the small business strategy, and it is why we have put billions more into the British Business Bank.
She has led on these issues, and I am of course happy to meet her to discuss the future of the programme that she mentions.
To show his deregulatory zeal, the Business Secretary just boasted about scrapping the British Hallmarking Council, which has one part-time employee.
Given that every £1 of regulatory costs has the same impact on investment as £1 taken in tax, why are the Government proceeding with their unemployment Bill and proposing a £5 billion a year tax on British businesses?
It is quite extraordinary; after just a couple of weeks in the job, I have announced £230 million of deregulation every year—£1 billion-worth between now and the next general election—and what do the Conservatives do?
They say that we are not going far enough.
They had 14 years; I have had a couple of weeks!
It is about time they started coming up with better questions, and stopped criticising a Government who act where they failed to.
Meur ras, Mr Speaker.
Spinning out of the industrial strategy is the eagerly awaited critical minerals strategy, the launch of which will happen in due course—or dreckly, as we say in Cornwall.
It is of particular interest to my constituency.
Canada, the US and Australia have already established new mineral exploration funds.
Such funds support junior exploration companies in building up energy security and contributing to export-led growth.
Is the Department considering such a fund as part of the critical minerals strategy?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his continued advocacy for the Cornish critical minerals industry—in fact, I thank all our fantastic Cornish MPs.
He knows that the critical minerals strategy is eagerly anticipated in Cornwall and across the UK.
The minerals in Cornwall are crucial to the future of our critical minerals industry and the security of the UK.
We have the largest lithium deposits in Europe; we need to take advantage of that.
We will look at all options to ensure that we get the financing to exploit those minerals.
Many small businesses rely on Facebook advertising to reach customers, but too many find that if they get hacked, it takes too long for Meta to let them back into their account.
That  has been the case for Andy Campbell, who runs ATR Carpet Cleaning.
Will the Minister advise on how we can get the likes of Meta to reconnect these people with their accounts, because Meta is not doing that for us?
The hon.
Gentleman makes an important point.
One of my constituents is in a similar case, and it is devastating.
For a large business, fraud and economic crime is an inconvenience; for a small business, it can be existential.