Gentleman voted for and supported.
We inherited a growth emergency because of the decisions taken by the Conservative party in government.
We will recover from it; we will build back better; and we will make sure that every sector, including hospitality, benefits from the great economy we are moving towards.
One change that would encourage significant investment is UK participation in the EU’s internal electricity market.
Energy trading with our closest neighbour is currently hugely inefficient, which only adds to the burden of energy costs that our businesses face.
Will the Government put real pressure behind the negotiations that are ongoing with the EU to reinstate our internal energy trading with the EU?
As the hon.
Lady knows, we have put a lot of effort into the reset with the EU.
We have built new opportunities for British people and British business, and we will continue to do so.
Every Labour Government in history have ended their time in office with unemployment higher than when they started, and this Government have made a record-breaking start.
Businesses large and small in West Suffolk are putting off investment decisions, freezing recruitment and laying off staff because of the burdens already imposed on them by this Government—business property relief, the family farms tax, national insurance contributions, and the employment rights legislation.
After the last Budget, the Chancellor told the Confederation of British Industry that she was not going to “come back for more”, so will the Secretary of State take this opportunity to end the uncertainty and tell business very clearly that there are going to be no more tax rises on business in the Budget?
I reassure the hon.
Gentleman that the industrial strategy gives clarity on policy for 10 years into the future, which has been welcomed by businesses large and small.
I also reassure him and the businesses in his community that there will be no repeat of the mini-Budget that the Conservatives inflicted on our country, for which we are still paying the price.
Finally, I reassure him that we have a Chancellor who puts first and foremost the primary mission of this Government, which is economic growth—the kind of growth that is delivering record investment in our economy, from which every business, large and small, is benefiting equally right around the United Kingdom.
I call the shadow Minister.
I welcome the all-new ministerial team to their positions.
They have inherited a crisis, because business confidence has plunged to a record low since the Chancellor’s Halloween budget a year ago today.
Will the Business Secretary assure this House that he will find and demonstrate his backbone, stand up to the Chancellor, and encourage business investment by following Conservative plans to reduce welfare spending so that we can scrap the family business tax and cut small business rates?
I am very grateful to the hon.
Lady for welcoming me to the Dispatch Box.
We are very aware that we inherited a crisis—a crisis created by the Conservative party, including the state in which they left our global relations, the lack of growth in the economy and the effects of the mini-Budget.
The reputation of our country was in tatters as a result and our public services were on their knees, but all of those things are being turned around because of the decisions taken by this Chancellor.
The Conservatives should be celebrating the fact that we had the fastest growing economy in the G7 for the first six months of this year, because these are the kinds of actions that show we are getting growth and stability back into our economy, and give businesses the predictability upon which to build future success and prosperity and the creation of jobs.
The Conservatives should be celebrating that, not talking our country down.
What recent progress he has made on implementing the industrial strategy.
What recent progress he has made on implementing the industrial strategy.