Members will be aware, it has not been allowed access by either side in the conflict, so it is incredibly difficult to establish what is happening, but we are looking carefully at all the evidence.
My right hon.
Friend asked about the importance of our export control regime.
I confirm that we continue to emphasise to all parties the importance of refraining from actions that prolong the conflict.
Indeed, we want to see people come to the negotiating table to seek a political resolution.
We take seriously any allegation that any equipment may have been transferred to Sudan in breach of any of our arms embargoes or conditions.
I assure her that I am in contact with our officials on these matters.
We must absolutely ensure that nothing is getting in that could facilitate these horrific scenes.
We share my right hon.
Friend’s horror and will continue to play a leading role, including at the United Nations Security Council later today.
I call the shadow Minister.
If I may, I will start by thanking the Minister for his update on Hurricane Melissa.
On behalf of His Majesty’s official Opposition, I add my thoughts and solidarity for all those affected at this time.
I am grateful to you, Mr Speaker, for granting the urgent question and to  the right hon.
Member for Oxford East (Anneliese Dodds)  for raising the matter, because the reports of a massacre at the Saudi maternity hospital in El Fasher are appalling.
The deliberate targeting of civilians, including women and newborns, is a disgrace.
These latest atrocities underline the urgent need for renewed international resolve to protect civilians and ensure accountability for those responsible.
The Conservatives have consistently called for stronger, co-ordinated international action in Sudan.
As the UN Security Council penholder, the UK has both the platform and the responsibility to lead.
Will the Minister tell the House what concrete steps the Government will take next?
Will there be further targeted sanctions?
What diplomatic action is being taken to deter the entities whose support continues to sustain the conflict?
The Government hosted the international humanitarian conference on Sudan earlier this year.
What has materialised from that?
Has new funding been disbursed?
What progress has been made since those pledges were announced?
The collection and preservation of evidence is vital if perpetrators of these terrible crimes are to face justice.
Will the Minister tell us the latest developments in the UK’s support for accountability mechanisms?
Will the Government now redouble those efforts?
On humanitarian assistance, millions remain displaced, with aid routes under constant threat.
Will the Minister update the House on whether British aid is reaching those most in need?
What assessment has been made of its efficacy?
Sudan matters to its people, to regional stability and to our shared humanity.
The UK must not shrink from its responsibilities to protect civilians, to pursue peace and to support the path to a democratic future.
I associate myself with the shadow Minister’s comments, and with her horror and concern about this situation, which I think is shared across the House.
The right hon.
Member asked about our work at the United Nations.
As I said to my right hon.
Friend the Member for Oxford East, we will be using the session today to call for all parties to adhere to their obligations under international law, and to say that the perpetrators of crimes must be held accountable.
We need to see an end to this violence, and the latest reports are simply shocking and horrific.
The right hon.
Member asked about diplomatic action.
As I have said, we are in close contact with members of the Quad, and all others, given our role as the penholder at the Security Council, and I am happy to update her on that in due course.
She asked about sanctions.