Gentleman makes an important point.
One of my constituents is in a similar case, and it is devastating.
For a large business, fraud and economic crime is an inconvenience; for a small business, it can be existential.
That is one of the reasons why, this week, we are communicating with small businesses to ensure that they up their cyber-security.
I am happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman on this issue.
What steps is the Department taking to improve access to finance for UK start-ups seeking to scale up, given that only 1% of UK start-ups raise equity of more than £100 million?
By comparison, in the US, 6% of start-ups do so.
Furthermore, how can we ensure that women get a fair share of access to finance?
My hon.
Friend asks exactly the right questions, which I am extremely grateful for, because they are central to the programme of economic reform that this Government are undertaking.
She will know from the Mansion House reforms that we are unlocking capital into our economy via the pensions reforms being undertaken.
We are making sure, right from the start, that women have a voice.
I did the same in my role in the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology, and in this role, I will continue to ensure that women are championed right across the economy, that we get capital where it needs to be, and that we accept that we have brilliant businesses that need targeted intervention, which we will provide to make sure that scale-ups happen.
Power Roll in my constituency has pioneered a world-beating, flexible, lightweight solar panel module.
The next four weeks are a critical period for the company; a £5 million investment is needed to keep production and jobs in the north-east.
Will my hon.
and right hon.
Friends on the Front Bench work with me to help secure this Great British innovation’s future in east Durham?
I am familiar with Power Roll.
I have met the chief executive, and my hon.
Friend has advocated extremely well for the company.
I have also met potential investors in the business.
I am happy to discuss that further with him after questions today.
In recent years, imported bricks have made up nearly 20% of the UK brick market, yet I know that organisations such as Ibstock Brick in North West Leicestershire can supply the bricks for the homes that we need.
How do we make sure that UK brick manufacturers can maximise investment, employ local people and deliver the bricks that we need for the future?
I am determined that this Government’s grand ambition for building will ensure that we supply more UK bricks, have fewer imports, and increase the productivity of our brick kilns around the country, including at Ibstock.
The key is getting energy prices down, and that is what we are working on for our industrial strategy.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs if she will make a statement on the UK’s activity to promote the protection of civilians, following a reported massacre at El Fasher’s Saudi maternity hospital.
With your permission, Mr Speaker, before answering my right hon.
Friend’s question, I will say a few words about Hurricane Melissa, which is currently a category 1 or 2 hurricane.
It is passing through the Bahamas’ outer islands and is impacting our British overseas territory, the Turks and Caicos Islands.
I have been in touch with the Governor and Premier in the last day.
We have deployed response teams to the region and mobilised £2.5 million in emergency humanitarian aid to help Jamaica rebuild in the wake of this disaster, the full scale of which is only now becoming clear.