The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps he is taking to support the hospitality sector in Bicester and Woodstock constituency.
As this is my first time at the Dispatch Box, if I may I would like to thank my predecessor, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Ellesmere Port and Bromborough (Justin Madders) .
It is an honour to build on his work, particularly on employment rights and championing fairness and dignity at work.
Hospitality businesses, including those in the constituency of  the hon.
Member for Bicester and Woodstock (Calum Miller) , are vital to the UK economy, driving growth, creating jobs, and strengthening our communities.
The Government are delivering targeted support under the small and medium-sized enterprises strategy to boost productivity, cut red tape and revitalise our high streets.
Our £1.5 million hospitality scheme aims to help businesses boost productivity and adapt to local needs, while the licensing taskforce seeks to address unnecessary barriers that hospitality businesses face.
Furthermore, we plan to permanently reduce business rates for eligible retail, hospitality and leisure properties.
rose—
Order.
Just to help Members, this question is purely about Bicester and Woodstock.
I wish all the questions were just about Bicester and Woodstock.
I welcome the Minister to her place.
Becky, who runs the Red Lion in Eynsham, and Donna, who runs the Oxfordshire Yeoman in Freeland, tell me that they are working upwards of 80 hours a week just to keep their pubs open.
Despite loyal customers and rising turnover, they are struggling to meet soaring bills from employment costs, food, energy, business rates and a tied tenancy, which means that prices are over £100 more per barrel.
In small villages across my constituency, pubs are the  lifeblood and fabric of the community.
Will the Minister meet Becky, Donna and me to discuss what more the Government can do to support the vital village pub?
I agree with the hon.
Member that pubs are the lifeblood of our local communities.
We recognise the challenges facing the hospitality sector, particularly our pubs.
They play such an important role in our local communities as places where people can come together to celebrate, connect and build communities, and that is especially true of the pubs that he mentioned in his constituency.
I would of course be happy to meet him and his pub managers to celebrate their contribution to his constituency.
We continue to work closely with the Hospitality Sector Council and industry leaders across the country to understand the pressures facing pubs, and to co-create solutions for the long-term stability and local economic growth that are vital for our communities and our country.
Whether his Department held discussions with experts from the global south as part of its review of the UK’s approach to responsible business conduct.
It is good to be before you in a new role, Mr Speaker.
In fact, even though I might not look it, we have an entirely fresh ministerial team before the House today.
With your forbearance, may I offer the House’s congratulations to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Penistone and Stocksbridge (Dr Tidball)  on becoming parliamentarian of the year at The Spectator awards yesterday.
I reap the benefits of her as a Parliamentary Private Secretary, and I am very grateful for it.
This Government are committed to harnessing the insight of a range of stakeholders in delivering the review into responsible business conduct, announced in the trade strategy.
That includes producer countries and experts from the global south.
As chair of the all-party parliamentary group on Fairtrade, my hon.
Friend will be pleased to know that my officials have already held discussions with Fairtrade tea experts from India and Kenya.
The Minister for Trade is also engaging with businesses, civil society and trade unions.
I recently met a campaigner from south-east Asia who is involved in freedom of association and independent trade union repression in the garment sector.