I will certainly follow up on that.
I call the shadow Minister.
I associate myself with the remarks about British Beauty Week.
In addition to beauty businesses, one of the key ingredients for growth on our high streets is having a post office in the mix.
As Post Office Minister, he has inherited a network of 11,500 post offices across the country and a consultation on the size of that network.
Can he echo what his predecessor said at the Dispatch Box, and commit to supporting our high streets by maintaining the scale of the post office network throughout this Parliament?
I thank the shadow Minister for her welcome.
She is absolutely right about the anchoring effect of post offices on high streets all over the country.
We know not just that, as we mentioned in the Green Paper, if people go to their post office they are likely to spend money in local shops, but that post offices are essential—as I found out during a visit to one the day before yesterday—in giving small businesses somewhere to take their takings.
The Green Paper set out the options for maintenance of the post office network, and it is certainly our intention to maintain it.
Whether he has had recent discussions with the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions on increasing the use of British-built cars by Motability Operations.
I regularly engage with my right hon.
Friend the Work and Pensions Secretary, as my hon.
Friend would expect.
We share the importance of increasing the uptake of the excellent cars built across the United Kingdom.
The Motability scheme supports those in receipt of a qualifying mobility allowance, and the Government will continue to work with Motability to ensure that the scheme meets the transport needs of disabled people.
One in five new cars is now purchased through the Motability Scheme.
This presents an unprecedented opportunity for the British car industry, as the scheme stipulates what cars its users can buy.
Has the Secretary of State considered that we could hugely increase the sales of British cars by stipulating that only British-built cars can be bought—and this is public money—by Motability users, which would not just safeguard thousands of British jobs, but create a world-leading industry in accessible vehicles?
That was a very thoughtful contribution, and I am very grateful for it.
The Motability Foundation is an independent charity and is regulated by the Charity Commission, but it does engage fully with the Government in the most respectful way.
As my hon.
Friend would imagine, I have instructed my officials to work with those in the Department for Work and Pensions to see how we can make recommendations and certainly to support the take-up of British cars as much as possible.
This Government are of course committed to the growth of the automotive sector.
We are providing support through programmes such as DRIVE35, the electric car grant, which will invest up to £2.5 billion of support into zero emission manufacturing across the UK.
What assessment he has made of the potential merits of implementing fair pay agreements in a range of business sectors.
I thank my hon.
Friend for his long-standing advocacy in this area.
We want to work constructively with unions, employers and stakeholders to build on the Employment Rights Bill.
Our first priority for a fair pay agreement is adult social care, a large and complex sector with over 19,000 providers and 1.5 million dedicated workers.
As such, our priority is ensuring that this process works effectively, which is why I am delighted that the Government have announced a £500 million investment in the first ever fair pay agreement in the social care sector.
We will use what we learn to consider where fair pay agreements can offer similar benefits across other sectors.