Record bus funding should not be a shopping list for China.
I share my hon.
Friend’s frustration at the lack of an industrial strategy from the SNP Government in Edinburgh.
It has meant that workers at Alexander Dennis in his constituency are on furlough rather than doing what they do best: making world-class buses for public transport.
For our part, we are supporting combined mayoral authorities to co-ordinate the procurement of buses through a Crown Commercial Service commercial agreement, and we are publishing a 10-year pipeline of future bus orders to provide the much-needed certainty that the sector requires.
That includes providing advice on using social value criteria that suppliers such as Alexander Dennis are well placed to meet when procuring new buses, such as creating and retaining jobs in a way that respects our legal obligations.
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for keeping this issue on the agenda.
It is no use the Secretary State looking at me with a grin as though I am out of order.
We are still only on the second question and I have to get some other Members in—that is all I am bothered about.
It will get worse shortly—I have got Jim to come!
I call Robin Swann.
I will not take the dig about being short personally, Mr Speaker.
The industrial strategy and the strategic defence review both offer great opportunities to the entire United Kingdom.
Can I seek reassurances from the Minister that he will work with the Northern Ireland Executive to ensure that Northern Ireland and Northern Ireland businesses get benefit out of both?
I can absolutely give the hon.
Member that reassurance.
I have already met with my opposite number in the Northern Ireland Executive.
The hon.
Member mentions defence industries in particular, and it feels like every single month there is a significant defence order as part of the industrial strategy.
It shows that these are not just words on paper, but that we are delivering within the real economy.
I welcome the Minister and, indeed, the whole Front-Bench team to their places—well done!
On the industrial strategy, what steps have been taken to fund high-quality workforce apprenticeships in sectors such as technology, manufacturing and hospitality, to provide young people with opportunities for employment and lives in those industries?
Will the Minister undertake to discuss these matters with the relevant Minister at the Northern Ireland Assembly?
As I said to  the hon.
Member for South Antrim (Robin Swann)  a moment ago, we have already met with the Northern Ireland Executive on these issues.
Skills are an essential part of the industrial strategy because we see, again and again, industries around the country that are desperate to grow, and have the orders, but are unable to create the high-paying jobs that we need.
That is an absolute priority for us as we implement the industrial strategy.
I call the shadow Minister.
Labour’s industrial strategy recognises that housing and infrastructure are vital to driving regional investment.
But as I hope the Minister will know, across the road, the Treasury has been quietly consulting on changes to the landfill tax, ending the decades-long exemption for quarries.
That change would add millions of pounds on to infra- structure projects and increase tax costs for construction businesses across the country.
How would such a move help grow our economy and build the homes and infra- structure that we need?
We are fast approaching the time of year when I have to tell my children that they will have to wait until Christmas to find out what their presents are.
The hon.
Gentleman knows that he has to wait until the Budget to find out what is in the Budget.
He mentioned planning.