As the grandson of a proud Jamaican, I am grateful to the Minister for updating us on efforts to mitigate the impact of Hurricane Melissa.
The events in Sudan are inexplicably evil.
The brutal murder of people at a hospital in recent days and over many months are frankly crimes against humanity, and I add my voice to urging the Minister to engage as much as he can with the Sudanese diaspora not just in Newcastle-under-Lyme, but up and down the country.
The two words we have not yet heard are “African Union”.
Can the Minister tell me what engagement has taken place with the African Union in recent days to ensure that the power of that body is exercised as quickly as possible?
We need much shorter questions, please.
We engage across a whole range of diplomatic relations—our special representative and others do so, and we do so in the United Nations.
I am happy to come back to my hon.
Friend specifically on what contact we have had with African Union representatives in recent days.
There are many displaced people in other countries in the region as a consequence of the violence in Sudan.
What additional support are the UK Government giving to those countries to support those displaced people?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right to talk about displaced people—my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Oxford East (Anneliese Dodds)  mentioned Tawila.
I can assure him that our humanitarian aid is targeted to have the biggest impact, and we look very closely at the situation of displaced people, particularly those who have also experienced atrocities, and especially women and girls who may have experienced sexual violence.
That will remain at the top of our agenda.
I thank the Minister for his statement—it is good to have somebody at the Dispatch Box who both understands and cares about this issue.
We have spent no shortage of time in this Chamber talking about the conflicts in the middle east and in Ukraine, but I think all of us are guilty of not talking enough about Sudan.
The International Criminal Court is investigating some reports of atrocities in Sudan.
Does the Minister feel that that investigation should extend to those who knowingly export weapons into the conflict?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise the issue of accountability.
I have already referred to our support for the work of the International Criminal Court and, indeed, wider investigations into allegations of atrocities—we work to support non-governmental organisations and others.
I must also highlight the work of the media in this space, particularly the investigations of the BBC and other media organisations.
As I have said, we keep our export licences under close review, and we take allegations very seriously.
I can assure him that I am speaking to officials about these matters.
Given that it has been widely reported in the press that the UAE is arming the RSF, does the Minister have a view on the following two points?
First, if any party is exporting weapons to the RSF, we would be in breach of our export licence criteria if we are exporting weapons to that party.
Secondly, it is irrelevant whether or not our weapons are being exported and end up in Sudan if that party is exporting weapons to the RSF.
I am very happy to write to the hon.
Gentleman with further details of how our arms export licensing criteria operate, but I can assure him that we have one of the tightest and strictest export control regimes in the world.
It is compliant with our international legal obligations, and all potential exports are assessed against the strategic export licensing criteria.
Specific allegations have been made in this case, and  I can absolutely assure the hon.
Gentleman that we will always look into allegations very seriously and consider them in the wider round.