Eighty-six per cent.
of trains at Kearsley station in my constituency were delayed or cancelled in the past 12 weeks.
That is widespread through Bolton South and Walkden.
My constituent Sophie, who commutes from Walden to Manchester, told me that
“almost every day one peak time train is cancelled.
And when the train finally turns up it’s overcrowded”.
Recently, she was stranded for hours after constant cancellations because train crew were unavailable.
Can the Prime Minister reassure my constituents that this Government are committed to building reliable railways after 14 years of Tory chaos?
Before we begin, I wish to make a short statement about the House’s sub judice resolution.
There is a question on the Order Paper concerning special educational needs and disabilities provision.
There are legal proceedings relating to the policy of applying VAT to private schools, and relating in particular to SEND provision.
These cases concern a matter that is currently before the House and of national importance.
I am therefore exercising my discretion to allow reference to these cases now and in future proceedings.
The Minister for Women and Equalities was asked—
What assessment she has made with Cabinet colleagues of the accessibility of domestic violence prevention services for women.
Because this is the first opportunity I have had to do so, may I offer my heartfelt congratulations to  the right hon.
Member for East Surrey (Claire Coutinho)  on welcoming her new son into the world?
I wish her and her family every happiness in this wonderful phase of their journey together.
The Government are steadfast in their mission to halve violence against women and girls.
Having run a women’s refuge before coming to this place, I know how important it is for survivors to receive effective, timely support, and we are investing more in those services.
In her 2022 report, the Domestic Abuse Commissioner warned of “A Patchwork of Provision” in local services.
Just six in 10 victims reported being able to access a helpline, and only four in 10 reported being able to obtain refuge accommodation.
Local organisations such as WomenCentre Calderdale and Kirklees do fantastic work for my constituents, but not all victims and survivors have the right support when they need it.
Will the Minister ensure that the upcoming violence against women and girls strategy includes a requirement for the Government to engage with the sector so that women across the country receive consistent care and support?
Let me start by paying tribute to Halifax WomenCentre for its vital work in Calder Valley.
I assure my hon.
Friend that we will engage across Government, drawing on expertise in the sector through the development of our new violence against women and girls strategy, which will be published later this year.
We have provided an increase of £30 million for domestic abuse safe accommodation services, as well as doing wider work to help local commissioners to identify needs and commission appropriate services.
Organisations such as Voices and the Southside project in Bath provide a wonderful and important service for victims of abuse, but they need the long-term certainty of funding.
Does the Minister agree that we need to give them that certainty?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for mentioning the excellent organisations in her constituency and the work that they do to support survivors.
We are investing more in provision, but I understand her point about the need for security of long-term funding, and we will consider that as part of our VAWG strategy.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
We welcome the Government’s mission to halve violence against women and girls, but a recent report from the National Audit Office makes grim reading, stating that one in 12 women are victims of violence every year and that there were more than 2 million victims in the year up to June 2024.
It also suggests while there is a welcome focus on victims, we are not doing enough in terms of prevention.