That is widespread through Bolton South and Walkden.
My constituent Sophie, who commutes from Walkden to Manchester, told me that
“almost every day one peak time train is cancelled.
And when the train finally turns up it’s overcrowded”.
Recently, she was stranded for hours after constant cancellations because train crew were unavailable.
Can the Prime Minister reassure my constituents that this Government are committed to building reliable railways after 14 years of Tory chaos?
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight that the Conservative party left our railways in a terrible state.
Two years of strikes cost our economy £850 million in lost revenue.
You cannot grow the economy if you cannot run the railways.
We will launch Great British Railways to focus relentlessly on passengers and to clamp down on delays and cancellations.
I am pleased that Northern has announced the largest ever investment in its fleet to deliver 450 new trains, meaning more comfortable and reliable journeys for my hon.
Friend’s constituents.
I call the Leader of the Opposition.
When Labour negotiates, our country loses.
Yesterday, we heard that the Government offered £18 billion for Mauritius to take our territory in the Chagos islands.
This is money that belongs to our children and their children.
This is an immoral surrender, so that north London lawyers can boast at their dinner parties.
When Labour negotiates, we all lose.
Sometimes, it does not even bother to negotiate.
Why did the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero withdraw Government lawyers from defending the case against the eco-nutters who want to obstruct the Rosebank oil and gas field?
Let me deal with the serious issue that the Leader of the Opposition raises in relation to the Chagos case.
This is a military base that is vital to our national security.
A number of years ago, the legal certainty of that base was thrown into doubt.
Let me be clear, Mr Speaker, and I shall pick my words carefully.
Without legal certainty, the base cannot operate in practical terms as it should.
That is bad for our national security and a gift to our adversaries.
Some within the Conservative party know exactly what I am talking about.
That is why the last Government started negotiations about sovereignty and about securing the long-term use of the base.
They were right to do so.
That is why the last Government conducted 11 of the 13 rounds of those negotiations, and they were right to do so.
That is why this Government have completed that process, and we were right to do so.
Mr Speaker, I will set out the details when they are finalised and they will, of course, be presented to Parliament, but if the Leader of the Opposition is properly briefed on the national security implications when she is asking these questions, which she is perfectly entitled to do, then she knows exactly what I am talking about in terms of national security and legal certainty.
If, on the other hand, she is not properly briefed on the national security implications, she is not doing her job, she is not concerned about national security and she is not fit to be Prime Minister.
How can anyone believe that this man is defending UK interests when he bends the knee to anyone who asks him?
His answer was so weak and so waffly it is no wonder that he needs a voice coach.
But he did not answer the question I asked him—why the Energy Secretary was not defending our country.
The Secretaries of State for Energy Security and Net Zero and for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs received nearly £400,000-worth of donations from Lisbet Rausing.
It is her money that is behind the court case that will stop an £8 billion investment, threaten thousands of jobs and endanger energy security for all of us.
Did the Energy Secretary refuse to defend UK interests because he is funded by billionaire eco-zealots?