I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
We welcome the Government’s mission to halve violence against women and girls, but a recent report from the National Audit Office makes grim reading, stating that one in 12 women are victims of violence every year and that there were more than 2 million victims in the year up to June 2024.
It also suggests while there is a welcome focus on victims, we are not doing enough in terms of prevention.
How will the Minister ensure that this mission will focus on education and prevention in schools as well as seeking to support every survivor, and is she speaking to the Scottish Government about co-ordination?
The hon.
Lady is right to draw attention to the legacy picture painted by the National Audit Office.
We are investing in a new national policing centre for VAWG public protection, and ensuring that we have a real focus on tackling high-risk offenders by intervening much earlier and taking further measures involving domestic abuse specialists.
However, as the hon.
Lady says, this is also about prevention.
It is a responsibility for all of us across society, men and women alike, and there is an important role for education.
Work is under way in the Department for Education to ensure that young people, from an early point, understand healthy relationships and what consent looks like.
Of course, I am always happy to discuss that with colleagues across the UK.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help reduce the gender pay gap.
Women’s equality and economic growth go hand in hand.
Because the progress on closing the gender pay gap stalled under the last Government, as part of the Employment Rights Bill we are requiring  large employers to publish gender pay gap action plans alongside their figures to show what they are doing to tackle pay disparity.
I thank the Minister for her response.
Does she agree that while the Conservatives think that maternity pay has “gone too far” and that the childcare roll-out is a mistake, it is this UK Labour Government who are supporting women in my Livingston constituency and right across the country by bringing in better protections for pregnant women and mums on maternity leave?
Yes.
This Government know that supporting hard-working parents is fundamental for economic growth.
Our enhanced dismissal protections for pregnant women and new mums will make it clear to them that the law is on their side.
That is the right thing for women, and it is the right thing for our economy.
I thank the Minister for her answers; she is always positive and reassures us Back Benchers.
What discussions have taken place with the Department for Education about encouraging young women to consider apprenticeships in mechanics, joinery and a host of other trades that are equally well paid?
They can do those jobs every bit as well as men, but they have been historically under-represented.
I am very grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for his kind words and for his passion about apprenticeships, which we on this side of the House absolutely share.
I am delighted that next week is National Apprenticeship Week.
We are absolutely committed to ensuring that more girls see a future for themselves in science, technology, engineering and mathematics.
Again, that will be great for them and great for our economy.
I call the shadow Minister.
On Monday, a judge in an employment tribunal brought by the GMB union ruled that predominantly female Asda employees on the shop floor and predominantly male employees working in Asda’s warehouses—completely different roles with different conditions—were carrying out work of equal value.
The ruling, which is similar to that which bankrupted Birmingham city council, could cost Asda £1.2 billion in back pay and an annual wage bill increase of £400 million—an even bigger blow than the additional £100 million increase in the company’s wage bill as a result of the Chancellor’s Budget.