It was the then Foreign Secretary,  the right hon.
Member for Braintree (Mr Cleverly) , who in 2022 stated:
“it is our intention to secure an agreement on the basis of international law to resolve all outstanding issues”—[Official Report,  3 November 2022 ; Vol.
721, c. 27WS.]
But under this Labour Government, Chagossians have been ignored, Parliament is without a say, and the lack of foresight on how the US presidential election might affect the deal is troubling.
After failing to force through an agreement, Ministers have now given Donald Trump a say about the future of sovereign British territory.
Can the Minister confirm that before signature, this House will be given a vote on the terms of the final deal, in particular to see how UK security interests have been protected?
I have set out on a number of occasions why the deal is right for our national security interests and those of our allies.
I have also set out very clearly the normal process.
It will go through Parliament.
I thank the Minister for his response to the urgent question.
I listened carefully to the concerns of  the hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage)  about the deal.
If those concerns are about the possible costs, then given that his entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests states that he has earned nearly £600,000 in the past six months since his election, perhaps the Minister might agree with me that the hon.
Gentleman could make a donation to the Government to secure our national security—
Order.
I am sure you want to ask a serious question.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
Apologies.
Will the Minister reassure me, as he has in his response and in countless statements before, that when the treaty comes before the House, securing our national security will be paramount through a process that, as he said, was started under the previous Government?
We will not scrimp on national security, as I have said.
There has been no change to the substance of the deal or the overall quantum agreed.
We will present the process in the usual way, as I have said multiple occasions.
I want to try to be helpful to the Minister.
I was the Deputy Foreign Secretary throughout much of the negotiations and I am in a position to tell the House that neither my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Braintree (Mr Cleverly)  nor the noble Lord Cameron in the other place would ever, as Foreign Secretary, have done the deal that the Government are now intent upon.
I think the Minister must be praying every night for a “get out of jail free” card—that, when the American Administration come to look at the deal, they will veto it and get the Government off the hook.
I set out very clearly the reasons for the doing the deal.
It is the right deal for our national security and that of our allies.
The right hon.
Gentleman knows that because his Government started the process.
We are engaged in constructive discussions with our US counterparts.
It was absolutely right that they had the chance to consider the deal.
We will allay any concerns raised, and that have been raised in the House previously, in terms of the security provisions.
They have been provided with the full detail of the agreement.
The hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage)  says he wants to help UK relations with the US, but he has a very funny way of going about it.
Opposition Members state over and over again that they understand the desires and the psyche of the US military and its people, yet they ignore the fact that, the ICJ rulings aside, the previous and present US Administrations understand the language of business and agreements, and not the gentlemen’s agreements that have in the past marred discussions and negotiations about the stability and persistent military presence on the islands.