It would boost the economy by billions and create over 100,000 jobs across the UK, with 60% of the economic benefits outside London and the south-east.
It is good for Scottish passengers and Scottish businesses—and particularly for Scottish salmon, which is the No.
1 export passing through Heathrow and has been worth £970 million over the past five years.
I will happily ensure that she gets a meeting with the relevant Minister.
I can assure  the hon.
Member for Rugby (John Slinger)  that Reform wants healthcare to be free at the point of delivery—[Interruption.]
I am sorry, Mr Speaker, but there appears  to be some panic on the Labour Benches—I am not surprised.
I would like to ask the Prime Minister for some advice—[Interruption.]
They really are panicking, aren’t they?
Get on with it!
Order.
I want to get to get this question over with, don’t you?
All you are doing is ensuring that it goes on for ever.
Quick question, please.
I would like to ask the Prime Minister for some advice.
What do I say to the 25,000 constituents in Clacton—[Interruption.]
Order.
Either get on with it—[Interruption.]
Order.
We cannot both be standing, Mr Farage.
I need a quick question and then I can get you the answer.
Come on.
What do I say to the 25,000 constituents in Clacton—including 99-year-old Jim O’Dwyer, who flew a full set of missions on Lancaster bombers as tail-end Charlie—who are losing their winter fuel allowance and feeling the pinch, while at the same time we are prepared to give away a military base and pay £18 billion for the privilege of doing so?
The hon.
Member talks about panic.
The only panic is for people who know that his policy would be to charge them for using the NHS.
What he should say to the people of Clacton—when he finally finds Clacton—is that they should vote Labour because we are stabilising the economy and boosting their jobs.
Many of my constituents are expressing their frustration at the net migration figures, which quadrupled—increasing by nearly 1 million—under the last Tory Government.
Unbelievably, the shadow Foreign Secretary, the right hon.
Member for Witham (Priti Patel), has admitted that her party is proud of their open borders experiment on Britain.
Will the Prime Minister explain what he is doing to bring those numbers back under control?
I am grateful to my hon.
and learned Friend for raising that point.
We know that the Leader of the Opposition lobbied personally to remove annual limits on student and work visas.
The shadow Foreign Secretary still thinks that the Conservatives have a great record on immigration, forgetting that they quadrupled it and that it reached almost 1 million a year.
Our Border Security, Asylum and Immigration Bill will give stronger powers than ever to tackle people smugglers.
We have already removed 16,000 people who have no right to be here.
The question for the Opposition is this: will they walk into the Lobby with us next week to secure our borders?
After she was kidnapped and shot, Emily Damari was held in captivity by Hamas in United Nations Relief and Works Agency facilities, confirming the fears of many of us that UNRWA is riddled with Hamas sympathisers.
The British people do not want our aid  stolen by Hamas.
Does the Prime Minister agree that we should stop funding Hamas, follow the example of other nations and divert our aid to other, more trustworthy agencies?
On Emily Damari, I have spoken with Mandy on many occasions, including when she did not know whether or not her daughter was alive.
Just listening to her was to really understand the torture that she went through.
I spoke just the other day to Emily herself about the conditions in which she was held, and I will of course continue to do so.
To be absolutely clear—and the hon.
Gentleman knows this—we are not funding Hamas and never will.