We can write words on goatskin, but when the rubber hits the road in places like Tamworth, we need people like the street angels to make sure it actually means something.
I call the shadow Minister.
Three weeks ago, the Government announced five local inquiries into rape gangs, which crucially cannot compel witnesses to give evidence.
We still do not know where all the inquiries will be, and we do not know how the towns will be chosen.
As Charlie Peters from GB News originally reported, grooming gangs are suspected to have operated in 50 towns.
Does the Minister recognise that the failure to announce a meaningful national statutory inquiry means that women and girls from across the country, who are not from the five selected towns, will be denied justice and a fair hearing?
If the victims want a national statutory inquiry, why doesn’t the Minister?
I have spent time with the victims that the shadow Minister speaks about.
In fact, I will be going to see more victims from across the country.
I speak to these victims every single week—week in, week out—unlike many of those sitting on the Opposition Benches.
Previously, absolutely nothing was done to try to get to the truth in some of these towns.
We will do whatever we can to root out this crisis, which is what everybody in this House wants to see, although some Members wish to use it for political ends.
We have offered to open up cases, and we have set the taskforce to do exactly that with any victim who wishes to come forward.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
This month we celebrate LGBT History Month.
LGBT individuals have shaped Britain’s history and continue to contribute greatly to our society.
We are also celebrating Race Equality Week.
We are committed to raising everyone’s living standards by putting more money into people’s pockets through measures such as ethnicity pay gap reporting.
These initiatives demonstrate our commitment to fostering a more equal and inclusive society in which everyone’s dignity and rights are respected.
The whole House will be aware of the importance of the Tyne Valley railway line to my constituency, and it is essential that our stations are accessible to all.
Local campaigners such as Active Travel Tynedale and Rosanna Lovett have expressed their frustration at the inaccessibility of stations across our constituency.
Will the Minister join me in commending their work to make travel truly accessible?
I join my hon.
Friend in commending that work.
I know the Tyne Valley line very well; it is in a beautiful part of the country.
It is important that the rail network is accessible for all passengers, and that is at the heart of our approach.
I will ensure Ministers at the Department for Transport look into the case that he raises and provide more information about the actions that are being taken for his constituents.
I call the shadow Minister.
The call for evidence started last year by the Leader of the Opposition, when she was Minister for Women and Equalities, asked the public to share examples of bad guidance on single-sex spaces and services.
This Labour Government initially shared just 42 responses—just 1% of the responses—with the Equality and Human Rights Commission, which is the body that gives advice to institutions on equality in the law.
Why did the Government rule out 99% of the public responses?
That is a massive betrayal of Labour’s manifesto commitment to protect single-sex spaces.
The public rightly deserve to have every single one of over 3,000 submissions considered properly by the EHRC.
Order.
These are topical questions—they need to be short and punchy, which this answer will be.
Come on.
The previous Government’s scope was narrow.
We are taking action to give all providers the assurances that they need that single-sex spaces can be provided.