The EHRC will publish the revised code once it has finalised the draft and it has been approved by Ministers.
That follows the EHRC’s consultation, which has now closed.
The Government have recognised that there was confusion or a lack of awareness about the same-sex exceptions in the Equality Act 2010 and how to apply them practice, so does the Minister agree that the updated EHRC statutory code is needed as soon as possible to make it explicitly clear that the Act provides for single-sex services for biological women?
It is vital that service providers have clear guidance about the Equality Act.
The EHRC has already published non-statutory guidance on the legislation for separate and single-sex service providers, and the new Government have also acted to underline that single-sex refuges, for example, are fully legally compliant, as I emphasised when I visited such a refuge in September.
What discussions she has had with the Secretary of State for the Home Department on tackling violence against women and girls.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help tackle violence against women and girls.
I am not sure that Mr Speaker would allow me to go into quite that level of detail on the amount of discussions I have with the Home Secretary on this issue.
It would take hours, because this happens every single day.
This weekend, the Government announced that we will be spending £13.1 million to create a national policing centre for violence against women and girls and public protection, and that is due to launch in April.
According to the National Audit Office’s report published on Friday, the epidemic of violence against women and girls is getting worse, and current prevention activities have largely
“focused on reducing reoffending rather than avoiding initial offences.”
In Hampshire and the Isle of Wight, which includes my Eastleigh constituency, 39,221 domestic abuse incidents and crimes were recorded from April 2023 to March 2024.
Following recent tragic events, what measures is the Minister taking to encourage prevention and foster the cultural change necessary to keep women and girls safe?
I thank the hon.
Lady, and I am sure the entire House agrees with the tone with which she speaks about domestic abuse in her area.
The National Audit Office wrote what, frankly, can only be considered to be a damning indictment of the previous Government’s violence against women and girls strategy.
We will do everything we can to ensure prevention, both through  education and with those who perpetrate, which will be a fundamental part of our strategy.
Unlike previous strategies, we will actually do it.
Many women fear violence and assault on nights out, even more so when alcohol is involved and it is dark.
In my constituency, the Tamworth street angels do vital work to ensure that people feel safe in the town centre during the evenings, and they offer support when women need it most.
Does the Minister agree that we should support such organisations, and will she join me in congratulating the Tamworth street angels on their recent King’s award for voluntary service?
I join my hon.
Friend in saying what amazing and vital work is being done by people like the Tamworth street angels.
It is unacceptable that women feel unsafe when they are out and about, and this Government seek not only to change legislation—on spiking, for example—to make sure our laws are right, but to make sure that, on the ground, we are training people in pubs, clubs, bars and across our night-time economy.
We can write words on goatskin, but when the rubber hits the road in places like Tamworth, we need people like the street angels to make sure it actually means something.
I call the shadow Minister.
Three weeks ago, the Government announced five local inquiries into rape gangs, which crucially cannot compel witnesses to give evidence.