Llandudno is a beautiful seaside town and a wonderful place to visit, but businesses are struggling with a rise in shoplifting.
In many cases, thieves are stealing in full view of staff because they just do not fear the consequences.
The recent funding boost for neighbourhood policing is very welcome, but will the Prime Minister please tell my constituents what more the Government are doing to tackle retail crime and deter repeat offenders?
For far too long, crimes such as shoplifting have been written off as “low level.”
That is wrong; such crimes are devastating.
The Conservative party left us with rising crime and effectively told the police to ignore shoplifting of under £200-worth of goods.
We have got rid of that shoplifters’ charter, and we are working hard to ensure that we take a grip where they lost control.
Following the earlier question from my right hon.
Friend the Member for Kingston and Surbiton (Ed Davey), I want to raise an equally troubling case.
My constituent retired from the police force to care for his wife, working a part-time job to help pay the bills.
As his earnings were not consistent, there were times when he was above the carer’s allowance threshold, causing later payments to be withheld.
He is now owed thousands of pounds, and recently he was diagnosed with grade 4 glioblastoma, which has made the situation even more serious.
Will the Prime Minister agree to look at the situation and ensure that the Department for Work and Pensions supports rather than penalises carers?
Again, we have obviously set up the independent review into exactly what happened in those cases, which was the right thing to do.
We will look at individual circumstances, so if the hon.
Member is willing to pass the details to me, we will look at them.
Audit Scotland recently exposed the incredible funding crisis facing our councils in Scotland, with a £759 million funding gap.
It also reported that the  12 councils that make up the Strathclyde pension fund are reducing their employer contributions from 19.3% to 6.5%.
Does the Prime Minister agree that instead of taking money out of workers’ pensions, the Scottish Government should appropriately fund our councils?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to point out the failure of the Government in Scotland.
They do not want to talk about that failure.
They have got the powers, and they have got the resources; they just have not got any excuses left.
When he next plans to visit Scotland.
The hon.
Member asks about visiting Scotland.
As he knows, my first visit, within days of becoming Prime Minister, was to Scotland, where I met the First Minister.
I have also visited Scotland for the meeting of the Councils of the Nations and Regions in October, for the Interpol General Assembly in November and for the British Irish Council in Edinburgh in December.
I look forward to going again very soon.
Interestingly, the Prime Minister could not tell me when he will next be visiting Scotland, but does he agree with the withering assessment of the eminent politics professor Sir John Curtice, who says that the current UK Prime Minister is
“the worst thing that ever happened to Anas Sarwar”?
If he does not—and he should—does he think that it is stripping Scottish pensioners of their winter fuel payment, abandoning workers in Grangemouth or attacking the national insurance payments of farmers that has catastrophically torpedoed Labour in the polls in Scotland?
When he does get a date, he can even bring his Chancellor with him to back him up on the numbers—assuming that she is still Chancellor by then.
I remember when that rhetoric used to come from SNP Members sitting down there—
That’s the same answer you gave the last time.
Order.
Mr Doogan, I want no more.
The hon.