Will the Minister confirm what was discussed?
Importantly, may I ask again: if the Government think this is such a good deal, does he stand by that and will he defend our interests?
I have to say again to the right hon.
Lady that it was her Government—a Government that she was part of—who started the negotiations and went through 11 rounds of negotiations.
She knows full well the reasons why.
Quite frankly, I find it extraordinary for her to talk about defence and the national security  of this country, when we are having to rebuild and clear up the mess that her Government made of our armed forces and our defence.
I am very glad to be joined on the Front Bench by the Minister for the Armed Forces, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Plymouth Sutton and Devonport (Luke Pollard) .
It is this Government who are rebuilding our defence, increasing our spending, and delivering for our armed forces and national security around the world.
Indeed, this agreement is a crucial part of that.
A lot of the figures being speculated about in the media should, as I said yesterday, be taken with a pinch of salt.
We have been clear: there is no change to the substance or the quantum in relation to this agreement.
The right hon.
Lady raises inflation.
I am surprised she mentions that, because indexation was there in the public statement made about the negotiations on  3 October .
Indeed, it was part of the agreement from her Government, so I am very surprised that she asks that question.
Lastly, I am deeply disappointed, as are our friends in the overseas territories around the world, that constant false comparisons keep being made with our other bases and our other overseas territories.
This is not a read-across situation.
We are committed to our base on Cyprus.
We are committed to Gibraltar.
We are committed to the Falklands.
We have been absolutely and resolutely clear about that.
To continue to suggest that there is some sort of threat to them quite frankly undermines our national security and does not strengthen it in any way.
Does the Minister agree that, despite the Member for the Trump Government’s misrepresentations, the UK Government must provide their own independent global leadership based on UK values and UK interests to make a safer world, despite or because of the new US Administration’s changing foreign policy, including closing the United States Agency for International Development, and on the Chagos islands?
I set out yesterday, in a very important debate on our bilateral relations with the United States, just how much we are co-operating already with the new US Administration on defence, security and our shared priorities around growth and prosperity.
We are absolutely committed in our wider international obligations.
We have set that out, the Minister for Development, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Oxford East (Anneliese Dodds)  has set that out, and my colleagues have set that out in relation to climate change.
We will continue to work with the United States on all the global challenges we face.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I put on record the deep concern of the Liberal Democrats at the way this deal has progressed.
We accept the ICJ ruling.
I thought there was a consensus across the House on the importance of the UK upholding the rule of law, so I am bemused by the confected consternation of those on the Conservative Benches.
It was the then Foreign Secretary,  the right hon.
Member for Braintree (Mr Cleverly) , who in 2022 stated:
“it is our intention to secure an agreement on the basis of international law to resolve all outstanding issues”—[Official Report,  3 November 2022 ; Vol.
721, c. 27WS.]