At his first Prime Minister’s questions, I told the Prime Minister about my constituent Andrea.
A full-time carer for her mother, Andrea is one of thousands of carers caught up in the carer’s allowance scandal, hounded by the Department for Work and Pensions for repayments.
The Prime Minister accepted that there was a problem and set up an independent review, and we welcome that.
But two months after the announcement of the review, Andrea received a letter summoning her to a tribunal next week.
Her mother’s health has been deteriorating—she has had to go into a care home—and this is the last thing Andrea needs.
Will the Prime Minister step in and do the right thing and cancel Andrea’s tribunal and all proceedings against carers like Andrea, at least until the review is concluded?
We set up the independent review, and I know the right hon.
Gentleman welcomes that, and it was the right thing to do.
I do not know the  details of Andrea’s case, but if he provides them to me, I will certainly make sure that we have the details and look into what has happened in her particular case.
I am grateful for that reply.
The Secretary of State for Work and Pensions wrote to me and was not interested in engaging, so I hope the Prime Minister will be.
Turning to foreign policy, last night many of us were alarmed to hear President Trump speak about forcibly displacing 1.8 million people from Gaza.
The Prime Minister has spoken to the President on several occasions now.
Does he personally believe that Trump recognises the dangers of statements like this to the fragile ceasefire in Gaza and, indeed, to the security of both Palestinians and Israelis?
I am glad that the Foreign Secretary has confirmed that the Government’s position is still a two-state solution—I think that has support on all sides of the House—but will he reassure the House that this position and our concerns on these dangerous statements from the President will be communicated to the White House directly and firmly?
The right hon.
Gentleman raises a very important issue.
The most important issue on the ceasefire is obviously that it is sustained and that we see it through the phases, and that means that the remaining hostages come out and the aid that is desperately needed gets into Gaza at speed and at the volumes that are needed.
I have, from the last few weeks, two images fixed in my mind.
The first is the image of Emily Damari reunited with her mother, which I found extremely moving.
The second is the image of thousands of Palestinians literally walking through the rubble to try to find their homes and their communities in Gaza.
They must be allowed home.
They must be allowed to rebuild, and we should be with them in that rebuild on the way to a two-state solution.
The announcement of a third runway at Heathrow is obviously a massive boost to growth in the economy.
Does my right hon.
and learned Friend agree that it is important that the economic boost is spread around the UK, and will he therefore agree to ask the relevant Minister to meet me and other Glasgow MPs with the chamber of commerce to discuss the possibility of a new supply chain hub being created in the city, where the materials for Heathrow’s expansion could be reassembled?
My hon.
Friend is right that the new runway at Heathrow can boost economic growth across the whole country.
It would boost the economy by billions and create over 100,000 jobs across the UK, with 60% of the economic benefits outside London and the south-east.
It is good for Scottish passengers and Scottish businesses—and particularly for Scottish salmon, which is the No.
1 export passing through Heathrow and has been worth £970 million over the past five years.