The UK has full control over Diego Garcia, including control over the electromagnetic spectrum, and unrestricted access to and from the base; there is a buffer zone around Diego Garcia, in which nothing can be built or put in place without UK consent; and, of course, there are the various different robust mechanisms and review processes to ensure that no activity in the outer islands or the surrounding area can impinge on the operations of the base.
The right hon.
Gentleman can be assured that we would not have agreed a deal that would allow any malign force, wherever it might be in the world, to use the space around the islands or to interfere with our operations.
This is about putting the base on a secure footing into the future, for our national security and that of our allies.
The Prime Minister, and the Minister just now, have stressed the strategic importance of the military base at Diego Garcia.
Can the Minister make it clear that there will be no restrictions in the lease as to what the base can be used for or what might be stored there, and that the UK will have the right to extend that lease when it expires?
I can absolutely confirm that there will be no change in the operations of the base.
That is the basis on which this agreement is founded, along with all the provisions and protections within it.
As I explained in earlier answers, the lease is for 99 years, with the possibility of an extension at the end of it.
Can the Minister assure us that he will not be dragged down the road of rebuilding the empire, as he was invited to do by  the hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage) , and will he also confirm that in international law, the Chagos islands in their entirety have become part of Mauritius?
Should we not be concentrating on the right of return of all Chagossians to the islands, for which they have been campaigning ever since the 1980s, when they were so disgracefully removed?
This is an issue of decolonisation, and of the Chagossians’ right of return.
I should be grateful if the Minister confirmed that any agreement with Mauritius will include their automatic right of return to the archipelago and their right at least to visit, and if necessary reside briefly in, Diego Garcia.
They have suffered too long and too hard, and they have been treated so brutally that they deserve justice.
The primary purpose here is national security and ensuring the functioning of the base, but the right hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right to raise the issue of the Chagossians and their treatment in the past, which we all agree was wrong, and their interests are absolutely at the heart of this agreement.
It will mean that, for the first time, we can resume visits to all the islands, including Diego Garcia, with the appropriate protections in place.
Hopefully, it will allow settlement on the outer islands, which is part of our discussions with Mauritius on the treaty.
Of course, the Chagossians can, subject to the relevant security clearances, work on  Diego Garcia as well.
We recognise their lands, graves and history, and our package of measures to support the Chagossian community—both globally through a trust fund and here in the UK—will be very important.
Those are some of the issues on which we look forward to engaging with Chagossian representatives over the weeks to come.
The US has the most substantial interest in Diego Garcia, which is the fulcrum of what we are discussing today.
Although I understand that the Minister cannot disclose the details of the compensatory package that is being negotiated, is it reasonable to assume that the US will be making a substantial contribution to that compensatory package?
As I have said, I am not going to give a running commentary on the discussions.