It is too easy to get knives online, and it is too easy to carry knives without proper consequences.
That is why we have made it an absolute priority in government to absolutely bear down on knife crime, and I hope that it is a cross-party issue.
I know that the Prime Minister will share my deep concern that families in my constituency, particularly those with disabled children, face agonising waits for essential adaptations to council housing.
In my inbox, I have cases where delays have left people unable to use the bathroom or even access a kitchen to simply make a cup of tea.
Will the Prime Minister meet me to discuss how we can make sure that councils have the funding they urgently need to build and retrofit homes, to ensure that all children have the start in life they deserve?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for raising what is a really important issue for his constituents and for so many constituents.
I am pleased to confirm that we have put down £69 billion for councils—that is a 6.8% cash-terms increase—including up to £3.7 billion in vital additional funding for social care.
We have doubled the funding for the disabled facilities grant, with an additional £86 million to allow 7,800 more disabled and elderly people to make improvements that enable more independent lives, and we will continue to do so, working across the House.
Eighty-three proud pottery workers woke up on Monday morning with no job, following the collapse of the 200-year-old Royal Stafford pottery firm.
It is a crisis in our ceramics industry, with escalating prices for energy, and fake and foreign imports causing a real problem.
Will the Prime Minister, through his offices, arrange for the energy companies to meet Ceramics UK and the GMB, as the voice of the workforce, so that we can hammer out a new deal?
Will he promote, through public procurement, buying British so that proud manufacturing jobs in Stoke can be protected?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising this really important issue.
It is obviously a question of jobs, but it is also a question of identity and a sense of place.
Of course we will work with the energy companies and have the relevant meetings, as he suggests.
Agnes lives in my Bicester and Woodstock constituency.
In 2019, when she was nine, she was referred by her GP to child and adolescent mental  health services.
Agnes has had to wait more than five years for an assessment for the neurodiversity that has caused her crushing mental health problems.
Last year, when Agnes’s dad, Jim, sought to accelerate her appointment, he was told that CAMHS could not see her or prioritise her appointment
“unless Agnes is actively trying to kill herself.”
Jim asked me to raise this case because he wants to ensure that no other child goes through the same experience as his daughter.
Will the Prime Minister meet Agnes, Jim and me to hear their story?
I thank the hon.
Member for raising this issue in that way, and I pass on to Agnes and Jim how impactful what he has said is, and how important it is that he continues to raise this issue.
Far too many children and young people are waiting far too long to receive the mental health support that they need, and we are determined to ensure that more children and young people can access high-quality mental health support in a timely manner.
Llandudno is a beautiful seaside town and a wonderful place to visit, but businesses are struggling with a rise in shoplifting.
In many cases, thieves are stealing in full view of staff because they just do not fear the consequences.
The recent funding boost for neighbourhood policing is very welcome, but will the Prime Minister please tell my constituents what more the Government are doing to tackle retail crime and deter repeat offenders?