What unites those?
Championed by Labour, opposed by the Tories.
It is so hard to believe anything the Prime Minister says.
This is a man who needed “emergency” voice coaching on Christmas eve.
This Government are so clueless they are borrowing £8 billion for GB Energy—a vanity project that is not great, not British, and does not produce any energy.
Its own chairman admitted that it will take 20 years to create just 1,000 jobs.
Meanwhile, 200,000 jobs are at stake in our oil and gas sector right now.
Does the Prime Minister think that 1,000 jobs in 20 years’ time are worth more than the 200,000 jobs that we have now?
Again, the Leader of the Opposition clearly has not been briefed, or does not want to be briefed.
GB Energy will be a publicly owned energy company that will drive the move to renewables.
It is not about the number of jobs in HQ; it is about the thousands upon thousands of jobs that it will generate to give us energy security, which is something we did not have under the last Government, and take Putin’s boot off our throat—something that did not happen under the last Government.
They lost control of the economy.
We are getting it back.
The Prime Minister can waffle for as long as he likes, but we know that Labour promised to bring energy bills down by £300.
Instead, bills are going up.
He is freezing pensioners while shovelling money to Mauritius.
The Prime Minister is not just managing decline; he is creating decline.
He has the power to grant these licences, open these oil and gas fields, save British jobs and bring down bills.
Why does he find it so hard to do the right thing?
She really needs to look into how these licences are granted.
I appreciate that the Conservatives’ reset seems to be having no policies apart from cutting pensions, and having no briefings on relevant issues.
Let us just remind ourselves that they presided over the biggest drop in living standards on record.
Mortgages went through the roof, and they left a £22 billion black hole.
We learned last weekend that, under the last Government, £35 billion was lost on benefit fraud and error.
Who was in the Treasury at the time?
The shadow Business Secretary,  the hon.
Member for Arundel and South Downs (Andrew Griffith) , and the Leader of the Opposition.
They want to give lectures.
No thanks!
The hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage) says that his party is “open to anything” when it comes to changing our NHS and open to an “insurance-based system”.
Will my right hon.
and learned Friend confirm that under a Labour Government the NHS will be there for everyone when they need it, not having to worry about the bill?
The NHS is the lifeblood of our country, and that is why we invested £25 billion at the Budget—a record amount—and are making it fit for the future through our plan for change.
What a contrast with Reform, whose leader has said that those who can afford to pay should pay for healthcare.
Under Labour, the NHS will always be free at the point at use for anyone who needs it.
I call the leader of the Liberal Democrats.
Can I associate myself with the Prime Minister’s remarks about the terrible murder of the 15-year-old in Sheffield and say that we support any effective action against knife crime that the Government propose?
At his first Prime Minister’s questions, I told the Prime Minister about my constituent Andrea.
A full-time carer for her mother, Andrea is one of thousands of carers caught up in the carer’s allowance scandal, hounded by the Department for Work and Pensions for repayments.
The Prime Minister accepted that there was a problem and set up an independent review, and we welcome that.