A few weeks ago I had the privilege of meeting a large group of Chagossians who had come from, in some cases, as far away as France to discuss with Members of Parliament their feelings about this deal.
I was one of only three MPs who turned up, and the Chagossians were devastated by that turnout.
They told us that they had not been in any way meaningfully consulted about the deal, so the Minister has a challenge on his hands.
He told the House that meaningful negotiations and discussions had taken place.
He has a choice today: he can either tell us precisely what those consultations and negotiations were, or correct the record.
I am rather confused by that question, because I have been very clear about the engagements that I have had with members of the Chagossian community.
There were two, and I have given the dates on which they took place.
We continue to engage with members of that community; in fact, my officials will meet some of them next week, and I look forward to meeting them again in due course.
As I have said many times before, I respect the range of differing views within the Chagossian community.
For example, the Chagos Refugees Group—one of the largest Chagossian groups—has welcomed the agreement.
There are a range of Chagossian groups around the world, as the hon.
Gentleman knows, and we will continue to engage with them and listen to all their views.
I can assure him that the interests of Chagossians are at the heart of this agreement.
The Minister, like the Prime Minister before him, keeps implying that if Members of this House were armed with the same information that they were armed with, they would come to the same decision.
Well, I was armed with the information that the Minister has at his disposal; I did not come to the same decision, and neither did my direct successor, Lord Cameron of Chipping Norton.
Do the Minister, the other Ministers in the Government and the officials who work on their behalf understand that the point of a negotiation is not to get any deal but to get a good deal, and that if you do not get a good deal you should walk away from the table, as we did?
As I said earlier, the right hon.
Gentleman recognised that there was a problem, he started the negotiating process, and they went through 11 rounds.
This is a good deal, and that is why we have agreed it.
For years, an international rules-based system has been the cornerstone of both our economic prosperity—as the hundreds of billions wasted on a pointless Brexit have illustrated—and our security.
China does not get that, Russia does not get that, and the current occupant of the White House does not seem to get that.
Do the Government get that?
We are absolutely clear about the fact that national security is our top priority.
We need to maintain our security in all parts of the world.
We are in very dangerous geopolitical circumstances, as I think all Members recognise, and that is exactly why we are investing in our defence, in our NATO partnership, and in our relationships with the United States, our European counterparts and many others.
We will always put the national security of our citizens and our country first.
I have asked the Minister this question before, but if he will forgive me for saying so, his answer could have benefited from additional clarity, so, with your permission, Mr Speaker, I am going to ask it again.
The Minister has made it very clear, as have his fellow Ministers, that the urgency and necessity of action in this instance is based on the imminence of an adverse court judgment against the UK.