I spoke just the other day to Emily herself about the conditions in which she was held, and I will of course continue to do so.
To be absolutely clear—and the hon.
Gentleman knows this—we are not funding Hamas and never will.
We condemn Hamas, and everybody in this House should condemn Hamas.
Some 54,000 women a year lose their jobs when they are pregnant or on maternity leave, and one in 10 human resources managers say that they would be reluctant to hire a woman who they even thought might start a family.
The law has not solved this, so will the Prime Minister please meet me, The Dad Shift and Pregnant Then Screwed to discuss the ringfenced paid paternity leave that is needed to bring about change?
My hon.
Friend raises a very important issue in relation to maternity pay and maternity leave.
The Leader of the Opposition thinks that maternity pay is excessive.
That is the difference—we know that workers’ rights are pro-growth, and I am proud that our Employment Rights Bill will introduce parental leave from day one, which means that 1.5 million more employees will be entitled to unpaid parental leave and 30,000 more fathers will be entitled to paternity leave.
I am happy to ensure that my hon.
Friend gets the meeting with the relevant Minister.
I know that, like everyone in the House, the Prime Minister is an honourable Member.
On that basis, can he repeat his assurances that all rules were followed while the country was in tier 4 lockdown in December 2020, not just by him but by his team, and also by his voice coach, Leonie Mellinger?
In December 2020, I was in my office, working on the expected Brexit deal with my team.
We had to analyse the deal as it came in at speed and prepare and deliver a live statement at speed on one of the most important issues for our country in recent years.
That was what I was doing.
What were the Conservatives doing?
Bringing suitcases of booze into Downing Street, partying and fighting, vomiting up the walls, leaving the cleaners to remove red wine stains.
That is the difference.
I was working—they were partying.
I know that the whole House will support the Prime Minister’s comments and send our thoughts to the family of Harvey Willgoose and all those who loved him after his tragic and senseless death on Monday.
I support the Government’s actions to tackle the sale of certain knives online, but before the national media attention moves on from yet another tragic death of a young person, I know that the Prime Minister will agree that in order to tackle the scale of the crisis engulfing too many of  our communities, we need a whole-system, cross-Government approach to address the root causes of violence.
Will he commit his Government to such a national strategy?
This incident was horrific and senseless, and I thank my right hon.
Friend for raising it.
I think the thoughts of the whole House are with the victim’s family and friends, and the school community and wider community who have been impacted by this.
We are all grateful to the first responders—the police officers and the medical staff who attended the scene—and it is right that South Yorkshire police are given the time and space to carry out their investigation.
We need to do everything we can to bear down on knife crime.
It is too easy to get knives online, and it is too easy to carry knives without proper consequences.
That is why we have made it an absolute priority in government to absolutely bear down on knife crime, and I hope that it is a cross-party issue.
I know that the Prime Minister will share my deep concern that families in my constituency, particularly those with disabled children, face agonising waits for essential adaptations to council housing.