The US has the most substantial interest in Diego Garcia, which is the fulcrum of what we are discussing today.
Although I understand that the Minister cannot disclose the details of the compensatory package that is being negotiated, is it reasonable to assume that the US will be making a substantial contribution to that compensatory package?
As I have said, I am not going to give a running commentary on the discussions.
What I will say is that the full details are being shared with the current US Administration, and it was absolutely right that they had the chance to consider them.
We are always being accused of rushing, but this has been going on for more than two years.
There have been lengthy rounds of discussions and lengthy rounds of negotiations, mostly under the previous Government, but it is absolutely right that the new US Administration have time to consider the deal and to be provided with the details, particularly around security issues, so that they can be absolutely sure about the security of the base and its operation into the future, which is in their interests and ours.
It is outrageous that we only know the detailed speculation about this deal because of the briefing from the Mauritian Prime Minister to his Members of Parliament.
It is outrageous that the amount of money being talked about now is £18 billion, which is enough to pay for the winter fuel allowance for all our pensioners for the next 12 years.
The Minister will not tell this House the actual quantum of money that he is discussing with Mauritius.
Can he put it on the record now, and can he tell us out of which departmental budget it needs to be paid?
I can tell the hon.
Lady that the figure that she pulled out is categorically untrue.
She had the answer in her question: she said “speculation”.
There is a huge amount of speculation, and I would take the vast majority of it with a pinch of salt.
My right hon.
and learned Friend  the Member for Kenilworth and Southam (Sir Jeremy Wright)  spoke incredibly slowly and incredibly clearly—so much so that even I understood his question.
However, the Minister did not actually give him an answer.
When we joined the ICJ, we did so on the basis of a carve-out that meant that no ruling by the ICJ in respect of Commonwealth or former Commonwealth countries could be binding on His Majesty’s Government.
Is it the ICJ that he is concerned about, or another court?
As we have said repeatedly, the base was not on a sustainable footing.
This deal puts it on a sustainable footing.
What does it say about this Government’s priorities that they will deny pensioners the winter fuel payment, leave  WASPI women with nothing and fail to support jobs on Merseyside by supporting AstraZeneca at Speke, and that they should be contemplating an emergency Budget to raise more taxes on hard-working British people, while spaffing £9 billion on Mauritius?
I am not entirely sure what the right hon.
Gentleman’s question is.
If he is talking about the previous Government’s economic legacy to this one, we have a substantial disagreement.
The fact is that we are picking up the pieces from the mess in which his Government left the country economically and, crucially, in terms of our national defence.
We will not scrimp when it comes to our national security, we will not scrimp when it comes to our armed forces, and we will not scrimp when it comes to our overseas bases and our commitments to our allies.
That is exactly why we are getting this deal.
I refer the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.