Will the Prime Minister commit to improving maternity care and women’s health services as a top priority, so that our maternity unit in Winchester and those around the rest of the country are the safest places in the world for women to give birth?
I thank the hon.
Member for raising this important issue.
Women and babies deserve the highest standards of care through pregnancy, birth and the months that follow.
We are committed to recruiting thousands of new midwives for the NHS while providing support to trusts that are failing on maternity care.
We are working with the NHS as it delivers a three-year maternity plan, which is making good progress in improving services, including for his constituents.
Last week I had the opportunity to visit two of the local jobcentres that serve my constituency.
The dedication of the staff I met to helping our local community, supporting people into work and adapting to the area’s needs was inspiring.
Does the Prime Minister agree that we must listen to their frontline experience as we look to remove the barriers to work that keep people locked out of jobs?
Will he visit those teams with me to see the work that they do?
Our “Get Britain Working” White Paper sets out the biggest reforms to employment support in a generation, backed by £240 million of investment.
Through our plan for change, we will boost living standards and have more secure, rewarding jobs to make work pay.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs if he will make a statement on the negotiations of the transfer of sovereignty of the Chagos islands to Mauritius.
As we and Mauritius have repeatedly said, including in joint statements on  20 December  and  13 January , both sides remain committed to concluding a deal on the future of the Chagos archipelago that protects the long-term, effective operation of the UK-US base on Diego Garcia.
Securing the long-term future of the base has been and remains our primary objective throughout this process.
Following technical talks between the UK and Mauritius last month, we have made very good progress towards this deal.
Both sides have agreed that, given the importance of the base to the United States as well as to us, it is right that the new US Administration have the chance to consider the full agreement properly, as I discussed with  the hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage)  in yesterday’s Westminster Hall debate.
We are closely engaging with the Administration, including sharing the full details of the agreement.
It would not be appropriate or usual for me to give a running commentary on the detail of those discussions or the agreement.
As I have said on a number of occasions, Parliament will have the opportunity to scrutinise the deal in the usual way.
Following signature, the Government will bring forward a Bill to implement the treaty.
I must reiterate that the Government inherited a situation where the long-term future of the military base, which is vital to UK and US security, was under threat, as opposition Members know.
The previous Government recognised that, which is why they began negotiations in 2022 and held 11 rounds of negotiations.
This Government have secured a deal that protects the base for at least the next 99 years—a period that can be extended.
That means that the UK and the US will be able to operate the base unchanged well into the next century.
There will be clear commitments in the treaty for robust security arrangements, including preventing the presence of foreign security forces on the outer islands and ensuring that the base can continue to operate securely and effectively.
We would only agree a deal that we are confident protects our national security and that of our allies.