The hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage)  says he wants to help UK relations with the US, but he has a very funny way of going about it.
Opposition Members state over and over again that they understand the desires and the psyche of the US military and its people, yet they ignore the fact that, the ICJ rulings aside, the previous and present US Administrations understand the language of business and agreements, and not the gentlemen’s agreements that have in the past marred discussions and negotiations about the stability and persistent military presence on the islands.
It is for that reason that I ask the Minister if he agrees that the confirmation of the legal status of the base will cement our role in the Indo-Pacific and put us in a strong position to counter Chinese influence in the region.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right about protecting against malign interests.
That is exactly at the heart of the deal.
He is also exactly right about the history of why the deal was needed.
That was, of course, recognised by the previous Government, which was why they started the negotiations.
We wanted to put the base on a secure footing well into the next century, which is what I assume they were trying to do previously and spent 11 rounds negotiating.
We have come to a deal that is in our national interest.
Most crucially, it is our national security and that of our allies that is at the heart of it.
There are multiple safeguards in place in the treaty.
They will protect our national security and that of our allies.
Given that what the Minister has told the House today is so at variance with the report from the Prime Minister of Mauritius, surely it rings alarm bells in his mind about the nature of the polity and the individuals with whom he is negotiating—and has he entirely lost his moral compass?
The Government are considering taxing death-in-service benefits of our servicemen while at the same time contemplating spending £18 billion on saving a base that we already own.
I am not going to reflect on the appalling record of the right hon.
Gentleman’s Government on defence and our service people.
We are getting around to rebuilding our relationship with our armed forces and rebuilding our defences, in view of the global threats that we face.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked about the Mauritian Prime Minister, who is, of course, responsible for his own words.
I certainly do not recognise some of the commentary that there has been over the last 48 hours.
It is clear that there has been no change in the substance of the deal or in the overall quantum agreed.
The Minister has described the conversations he has had with American allies, but can he update the House on the conversations he has had with the wider NATO partnership, given the consequences that this could have for them?
Our NATO membership is utterly crucial.
We have a “NATO first” strategy.
The Prime Minister has met the Secretary-General in the last 48 hours, and I was with NATO colleagues at the North Atlantic Council just before Christmas.
We are absolutely clear  in our commitment to our NATO allies and our commitment to the United States.
They form a bedrock of our security in a globally uncertain time, and that is also why we need to secure the base into the long-term future.
A few weeks ago I had the privilege of meeting a large group of Chagossians who had come from, in some cases, as far away as France to discuss with Members of Parliament their feelings about this deal.
I was one of only three MPs who turned up, and the Chagossians were devastated by that turnout.
They told us that they had not been in any way meaningfully consulted about the deal, so the Minister has a challenge on his hands.