We are very clear that this is about defending the UK’s security, putting the base on a secure footing and securing that for the future, for both us and our allies.
At the most recent Environmental Audit Committee sitting, we heard about the importance of the Chagos islands for the marine environment.
Can my hon.
Friend tell us anything more about the specific reassurances we have had on that crucial area for the biodiversity of the marine environment, and how that will be protected after this deal, from the discussions that he has had?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his important question.
It was a delight to appear before his Committee to discuss other matters just a few weeks ago.
This treaty reflects both parties’ shared commitment to uphold international environmental law, including high conservation standards across the archipelago.
Mauritius has expressed dedication to marine conservation and has aligned its global initiatives to protect 30% of  marine areas by 2030 and its commitments under the sustainable development goals, and establishing a fit-for-purpose marine protected area is a crucial part of that.
We will work with Mauritius very closely on this matter.
It was a very important part of the discussions, and I am very glad we have been able to make the agreements that we have.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Let us be clear: Labour’s disastrous deal is one of the worst foreign policy failures in modern British history.
Labour is surrendering an absolutely critical strategic defence asset that we operate together with our closest security partner—now we are told we will have to pay billions for the privilege of doing so.
When Labour negotiates, Britain loses, and loses big time.
While this House has been kept in the dark on the details, our counterparts in Mauritius have not.
They had a robust debate in Parliament, which many of us watched on YouTube.
It was just extraordinary.
The Prime Minister of Mauritius gave his Parliament a detailed account, and even a chronology, of the deal and the negotiations that led to it—details that Labour repeatedly refused to disclose to this House and which the Prime Minister of Mauritius set out in no uncertain terms so that nobody should be in any doubt.
This weak, hapless Government have backed down and the House deserves answers today.
Has the Minister given away our ability to unilaterally extend the period over which the UK can exercise sovereign rights on Diego Garcia?
The Mauritius Prime Minister says he has.
Has the Minister given away our ability to exercise sovereign rights over Diego Garcia entirely?
If so, what is the cost?
Is it £9 billion?
Is it £18 billion?
Is it to be inflation-proofed, as the Mauritian Prime Minister stated in Parliament yesterday?
If the Minister is frontloading payments, what other services will be cut here in the United Kingdom in the immediate term to make room and pay for the deal?
When Labour is imposing taxes on education, family farms and businesses, and has cut winter fuel payments for vulnerable pensioners, how can this eye-watering amount of money be justified to lease back a territory for which—guess what—we already own the freehold?
Will the Minister also say whether he will have to make defence cuts to absorb this enormous cost?
Should the Ministry of Defence be shouldering the costs?
What budget will it come from?
Will the Government count the payments towards the 2.5% defence target?
On the sovereignty of bases, does the deal pose a new precedent for other bases, such as Cyprus?
The Mauritius Prime Minister said last month that his Attorney General met the Minister and the UK Attorney General.
Will the Minister confirm what was discussed?
Importantly, may I ask again: if the Government think this is such a good deal, does he stand by that and will he defend our interests?
I have to say again to the right hon.