We will not scrimp when it comes to our national security, we will not scrimp when it comes to our armed forces, and we will not scrimp when it comes to our overseas bases and our commitments to our allies.
That is exactly why we are getting this deal.
I refer the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
There has never been a satisfactory explanation as to why this deal was rushed out hours before a very unpopular Government called a general election in Mauritius, which created the impression that this Government were attempting to interfere in Mauritius’s democratic process.
The outcome was that the Mauritian Government secured only one seat in their Parliament in the general election.
Can the Minister finally tell us why it was imperative to rush the deal out in that timeframe, hours before an election was called?
Again, I refer to my previous statements.
There has been no rush.
We have been engaging with our Mauritian counterparts and the United States Administration, and we believe that we have a deal that meets all the interests of those involved and, crucially, that protects our national security.
There is no rush.
This matter must be so important if it consumes so much of the Minister’s credibility and £18 billion of taxpayers’ money.
One would think there would be more than four Government Back Benchers here to speak about it.
Is it that they do not care, or do they lack the literacy to discuss these issues?
The Minister said on the “Today” programme this morning that we have passed the situation on to the White House, that we await its feedback and that, when we receive it, we will know exactly where we stand as a Government.
Is that the type of sovereignty he is after?
There are so many different bits of the hon.
Gentleman’s question that I do not recognise.
For a start, I was not on the “Today” programme this morning, so I do not know who he is referring to.
I certainly do not recognise the figure of £18 billion, so I do not understand at all what he is getting at.
The Minister confirmed to me in a written answer last week that we will not have a unilateral ability to extend the agreement.
In December, the Minister for the Armed Forces,  the hon.
Member for Plymouth Sutton and Devonport (Luke Pollard) , said that he was confident that Members  would back it when we saw the detail.
This is seemingly a renegotiated deal, and we have not seen the detail of the original deal or this deal.
What are the differences between the previous deal and the renegotiated deal, and when will the details be presented to Members of this House?