The Government’s position on relations with the MCB has not changed.
I call the Chair of the Women and Equalities Committee.
It is the beginning of LGBT History Month.
Trans people across the UK are struggling to access healthcare and finding it difficult to go about their lives with dignity.
As their identity comes under constant attack from powerful people across the world, progress cannot be taken for granted.
Will the Minister reconfirm the Government’s commitment to the entire LGBTQ+ community and outline what steps are being taken to engage with LGBT people in the UK? [
Interruption.]
Order.
Please do not do that, because I have to get—[Interruption.]
No, it is no use shrugging your shoulders at me.
I have to get all the Members in.
If you do not want other colleagues to get in, please tell them.
I do.
We remain steadfast in our support for all LGBT people.
It is essential that they are safe, included and protected from discrimination.
Does the Minister consider incredibly high rates of first-cousin marriage in certain communities, which are up to a hundred times that found in the general population, an equalities issue?
What discussions has she had with the Ministry of Justice about that?
We continue to keep these matters under review.
We are looking carefully at the Law Commission’s report into marriage published in 2022 and we will respond in due course.
The Prime Minister was asked—
If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 5 February.
I know the whole House will be appalled by the death of a young boy in Sheffield on Monday.
Our hearts go out to his family and his loved ones.
Knife crime blights our communities and we redouble every step to ensure that young people are kept safe.
On Monday, I met other European leaders in Brussels to discuss the vitally important focus on security and defence in a volatile world.
I am determined to reduce barriers to trade, making it easier for businesses to do business and ensuring that a better relationship with our European partners delivers for the British people.
This morning, I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in the House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
Sadly, suicide is the biggest killer of young people under 35.
Andy Airey, Tim Owen and Mike Palmer are the 3 Dads Walking.
They each tragically lost their precious daughters, Sophie, Emily and Beth, to suicide.
They have campaigned tirelessly for suicide prevention to be included in the school curriculum in an age-appropriate way.
We met the previous Prime Minister in Downing Street and suicide prevention was added to the relationships, sex and health education curriculum guidance for consultation last year.
I know that the Prime Minister has met the three dads and supports their campaign, but sadly progress has stalled.
Will the Prime Minister please meet me and the three dads so that we can finally get this over the line and ultimately save young lives?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for steadfastly raising this really important issue, particularly during Children’s Mental Health Week.
I have met the 3 Dads Walking.
They are inspirational and their courage is extraordinary.
As the father of young children, I do not know how they are able to campaign in the way that they do.
I am not sure I would be able to do so.
Of course, I can assure the hon.
Gentleman that I will meet them again and push this really important agenda forward.
Eighty-six per cent.
of trains at Kearsley station in my constituency were delayed or cancelled in the past 12 weeks.
That is widespread through Bolton South and Walkden.
My constituent Sophie, who commutes from Walkden to Manchester, told me that
“almost every day one peak time train is cancelled.
And when the train finally turns up it’s overcrowded”.