That work is well under way and will build on the recommendations of the infected blood inquiry to inform the Government’s substantive response to the inquiry’s recommendations on compensation.
The Government understand the need to move quickly to provide compensation to victims of infected blood.
Most recently, we tabled amendments just last Wednesday to the Victims and Prisoners Bill to impose a duty on the Government to establish an infected blood compensation scheme.
It also establishes a new arm’s length body, named the infected blood compensation authority, to deliver the compensation scheme.
It will operate on a UK-wide basis to ensure parity and consistency.
That demonstrates our absolute commitment to deliver long overdue justice to victims of infected blood.
We understand that for many there is an urgent need for compensation.
As the House will know, in October 2022, the Government paid more than £400 million in interim compensation to help to ease the short-term needs of those infected.
The Government amendment also includes a statutory duty to make interim payments of £100,000 to the estates of the deceased infected people who were registering with existing or former support schemes, where previous interim payments have not already been made to infected individuals or their bereaved partners.
That is an important step forward to  get substantial compensation into the hands of families and victims of infected blood.
Should that Government amendment be supported in the other place, it will return to this House for debate in the usual process of Commons consideration of Lords amendments.
We know that more than 3,000 people have already died in the worst treatment disaster in the history of the NHS.
Another 680 have died since the public inquiry started in 2018.
With two people dying on average every week, 100 people have died since Sir Brian made his final recommendations on paying compensation in April 2023.
He said that
“wrongs were done at individual, collective and systemic levels.”
He also said that in all conscience he could not wait until his final report was published to tell the Government to start paying compensation.
Last week, Hugh Pym of the BBC produced shocking evidence about children, even babies, being experimented on in the 1970s and 1980s without their parents’ consent.
These disturbing revelations raise serious criminal and ethical issues for the NHS and the medical profession.
There are possible breaches of the 1947 Nuremberg code.
Alongside that, The Sunday Times, and Caroline Wheeler, in particular launched a campaign at the weekend for compensation to be paid now to those infected and affected by the contaminated blood scandal.
So far, more than 160 MPs have backed the campaign, and 10 parties are represented, including six leaders.
Last week, the Government finally laid those amendments to the Victims and Prisoners Bill in the other place after this House forced the Government to act in December last year.
This weekend, Ministers confirmed that even when Sir Brian produces his final report on  20 May , the Government may not respond until as late as  3 July 2024 .
Meanwhile, there has been no announcement on compensation funding or on any compensation scheme, despite the Government having accepted the moral case for compensation.
What action are the Government taking following last week’s BBC story on the experiments on children?
When will Sir Brian’s recommendations on compensation be implemented in full?
On what date will payments be made to those infected and affected?
Why have the interim payments not been made, as Sir Brian recommended last April?
How will those infected and affected be involved in the whole scheme?
Why are Ministers rejecting the three-month timeframe for setting up a compensation body that this House agreed to in December last year, and Sir Brian’s recommendation that it should be judge-led?
On all sides of the House, Members know that when people are dying, justice delayed is justice denied.
The time to act is now.
I thank the right hon.