What does the Minister say to the parents of children who were used as guinea pigs, in an utterly despicable practice that was made worse by the lack of redress for those families?
When will all those infected and affected receive the compensation they are due, and an apology from this Government?
I can reassure the hon.
Lady that I am doing everything I can to bring that forward as quickly as possible.
I recognise that the distress is widespread  and is felt by individuals and families across the United Kingdom.
I am working across the devolved Administrations to ensure that there is a UK-wide arm’s length body.
My officials are working with prominent charities, organisations and support groups.
I am reaching out to them to share progress, reassure the community that I have heard their concerns and seek their views in advance of  20 May .
I am doing that out of deep respect for the suffering that they have experienced.
On the substantive matter the hon.
Lady asked me about, I refer her to my reply a few moments ago.
When I was Health Secretary, I committed the Government to ensuring that the compensation recommended by Sir Brian be paid, and made the moral case that the UK Government must address this wrong.
The stories from Caroline Wheeler and Hugh Pym have made that moral case stronger still.
Can I push the Minister to move as fast as possible, but hold in his mind the critical nature of getting the response right as well?
I commend his officials, who have worked so hard on this matter for so long.
I entirely understand the need for urgency, but he must get it right at the same time.
He is a diligent and deeply honourable man, and I hope he will hold that in his heart as he addresses the issue in the weeks to come.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his remarks and for what he has done on this matter.
He is right: I feel responsibility both to get the substantive announcement agreed as quickly as possible and to ensure clear communication with the infected and affected community so that they have clear expectations of what will happen following that announcement.
From all I have read and all that my officials have briefed me on, I recognise that this is likely to be one of the biggest scandals in the NHS that this country has seen.
I respect Sir Brian Langstaff and his extensive work over several years.
I wait respectfully for his final report on the wider issues on  20 May .
My constituent contacted me again yesterday.
His father and uncles were all infected with contaminated blood, and all but two of the uncles have now died.
He said to me:
“I had to grow up in care due to my father being too ill to look after me.
We have been fighting for many, many years for justice.”
He thinks that the Government are dragging their feet on compensating victims.
He is right, isn’t he?
All I can do is account for what I have done since  13 November .
I cannot really comment on the several decades previous to that.
As the hon.
Lady will know, we have had a series of ad hoc schemes, but the Government’s accepting culpability for what happened many years ago and the subsequent failure to respond will need to be addressed fully after  20 May .
The Government’s amendment in the House of Lords is the first time that we will have put in legislation a duty to pay compensation.
That is the start of a more comprehensive response that I am working on to secure collective agreement across Government, and I want to bring that forward as quickly as I am able to do so.
The Langstaff recommendation for interim payments was because of the need for speed; because people are so ill.