I gently say that we need to get a lot of Back Benchers in, and I am sure both sides want to do that.
The last Labour Government delivered the shortest waiting times and the highest patient satisfaction in history, which is a record that the right hon.
Lady’s Government cannot begin to touch.
Back to dentistry, the chief dental officer says the announcement is “nowhere near enough.”
The British Dental Association says:
“This ‘Recovery Plan’ is not worthy of the title.”
It also says that the recovery plan will not stop the “exodus” of dentists and will not meet the Government’s targets.
Who should the public trust, and why should they trust the Health Secretary to deliver when her own adviser, her own Minister and, crucially, dentists all say that she is brushing the truth under the carpet?
Again, let us bring ourselves back up to date.
I know the Labour party likes looking back to the last time it found favour with the British public, but Wales is the up-to-date record of today.
Labour’s lamentable record of running the NHS in Wales speaks for itself.
If the hon.
Gentleman is so set on reform, why on earth is he not helping his Labour colleagues in Wales to do exactly as he is promising?
It is because they are empty promises, and because the hon.
Gentleman and, I am afraid, the Labour party will step back from reform rather than grappling with the issues, as we are doing with our recovery plan.
Finally, on the dental recovery plan, within a month of the new patient premium being switched on, hundreds of surgeries have opened to new patients, which means that patients in the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency and elsewhere are getting the care they need.
As my right hon.
Friend has already heard from my right hon.
Friend the Member for Witham (Priti Patel), the Mid and South Essex ICB has published proposals to close St Peter’s Hospital in Maldon and to relocate  medical services elsewhere, despite the huge growth taking place in the town.
I have to say to the Secretary of State that my constituents have little confidence in the consultation.
Will she therefore look closely at the outcome and, if necessary, intervene to ensure that my constituents are still able to access vital health services within the town?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for raising that matter.
I understand that a consultation was conducted locally and that more than 5,000 local people and staff responded.
Their feedback will be analysed by an independent research agency, which will produce a report for the Mid and South Essex ICB, and a meeting is due to take place in public in July.
I will, of course, continue to take an interest in this matter.
I call the Scottish National party spokesperson.
The recent announcements on fit note reform are just the latest in a long string of attacks on the most vulnerable people in society.
Sick and disabled people are being vilified, when, as the Joseph Rowntree Foundation points out, almost two thirds of those living in destitution live with a chronic health condition or a disability.
The UK Government are continuing their track record in failing, and making life more difficult for, disabled people.
Does the Secretary of State understand how much more difficult these changes will make people’s lives?
These reforms are being brought forward because of a simply unsustainable rise in the number of people being given fit notes so that they cannot re-enter the world of work.
We want to support people into work, not only because we believe that it is the best way to help them to recover, but because it helps us to fund the NHS.
It is funded by people who work and pay their taxes.
Again, I draw the hon.