The  continued delays and prevarication—I regret to say that it feels like we have seen some more of that today—exacerbate the suffering.
We know that two people are dying every week.
The Minister must know that the delay on this issue is indefensible, and he must know its impact.
Does he appreciate why such a large number of Members are pushing for action now, and does he understand that that is what we need him to deliver?
Yes, I do understand that.
I deeply respect the views of colleagues who have made strong representations on this matter, and I am doing everything I can to move it forward as urgently as I can.
I will not repeat myself regarding the things I have said with respect to steps taken last week, or the spirit in which I am engaging and the reasons why I am doing it, but I agree with the hon.
Lady that speed is absolutely of the essence.
There has been a lot of speculation in articles in recent days—and, most prominently, in Caroline Wheeler’s book—about the wider issues: what went wrong and why these things happened.
Those matters will need to be addressed, but through the lens of Sir Brian Langstaff’s report, which will be published finally on  20 May .
I commend my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston upon Hull North (Dame Diana Johnson)  not just for securing this urgent question, but for all the work that she and others in this place have done on this important matter.
Sir Brian Langstaff made his final recommendations on compensation early—a whole year ago—and recommended that the compensatory body make payments by last December.
He did so because he was worried about the effects of a delay on the affected and infected.
We have missed all of those deadlines; is this what Sir Brian’s worst fear looked like?
I sincerely hope not.
What I have said with respect to the interim payment is a response to the dialogue I have had with Members across both Chambers of the House, working with Earl Howe in the other place.
I have been pretty clear that in I am doing everything I can to put preparations in place for giving a legal entity the obligation to pay compensation, and to minimise delay in advance of the final determination of the Government’s response, so that that response can be operationalised as soon as the decision is finally made.
Every time we have these urgent questions, we get a well-intentioned Minister giving a helpful but frustrating update about what is happening.
This Minister is one of the most well intentioned, and today’s statement has been one of the most helpful, but what we want to hear—as the House has said clearly today—is a clear timeline for when applications for compensation can be made and when those payments will be made.
He has come really close to telling us that today; can I encourage him to get over the line, tell us when it is going to happen, and satisfy all of us who are standing here on behalf of our constituents?
The hon.
Gentleman makes a very fair and reasonable point.
I would wish to say more than I am saying today, but we have not quite got to that point; I am doing everything I can to get there.
On the hon.
Gentleman’s specific point about the mechanics of engagement with communities, I am very seized of the need to have a clear narrative for each different cohort, so that we can be crystal clear when those decisions are made.
I recognise how frustrating this is.
Obviously, agreeing, quantifying and making provision for those things is a collective process across Government, and I am doing everything I can, using my experience from several years in the Treasury.