Is she aware of the “Dentists for All” campaign in  and will she back it?
Its three demands are: to provide access to an NHS dentist for everyone; to restore funding for dental services and recruit more NHS dentists; and to change the contracts, because they are simply not fit for purpose.
Does the Secretary of State agree with that, and, if not, why not?
We switched on our fully funded dental recovery plan, in case the hon.
Gentleman was not listening carefully earlier, on  1 March .
Nearly 500 more practices in England are accepting new adult patients than at the end of January, and even more will do so under the dental recovery plan.
We have plans to bring in new dental vans to help our most isolated communities.
We are also bringing in the Smile4Life programme for children, because prevention must be a critical part of our dental recovery plan.
I call the Chair of the Health and Social Care Committee.
Ministers will be aware of a rather boastful claim last weekend by the makers of Elfbar and Lost Mary vapes.
They have already launched rechargeable, refillable products, which, with a coil in each pod, are not by definition single-use or disposable according to the published regulations.
Can the Minister reassure the House and parents that they are alive to that and will pivot as necessary now that the Tobacco and Vapes Bill is going into Committee?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that matter, which shows the cynicism with which the tobacco and vaping industry is approaching these landmark public health reforms.
On vapes, we have committed to consulting on the powers that we are adopting in the Bill precisely because we want to ensure that the regulations, when they come to the fore, address the realities of the market and the cynicism of the companies behind it, and help to ensure that our children do not continue being plied with these horrible items to get them hooked on nicotine.
I was disappointed to see the chair of my local hospital trust and the east midlands Labour mayoral candidate use my hospital as a political campaign prop by inviting the shadow Health and Social Care Secretary and the Leader of the Opposition to canvass patients and staff.
Can the Minister please explain to me how we can rein in this type of gutter politics and prevent my local hospital being used for Labour’s dog-whistle politics?
This is a very serious matter, which I have raised with the chief executive of NHS England, and asked her to raise with the regional director and Nottinghamshire integrated care board.
We have done so because we believe that it might be a breach of the Nolan principles.
Just yesterday, the Office for National Statistics released data showing that alcohol-specific deaths in 2022 were 4.2% higher than in 2021 and a massive 32.8% higher than in 2019.
Will my right hon.
Friend now seriously consider a stand-alone alcohol strategy based on this worrying trend and agree to meet me and other interested parties to discuss a way forward to tackle alcohol-specific deaths?
My hon.
Friend was an incredibly hard-working health Minister and I pay tribute to her for all she did in this area.
She will be aware that our groundbreaking drug and alcohol strategy commits more than half a billion pounds of new funding over the spending review period to rebuild drug and alcohol treatment services, with plans to get an additional 15,000 alcohol-dependent people into substance misuse treatment by 2024-25, which we are currently on track to achieve.
I would be delighted to meet her to talk about it further.
At my last surgery, a young woman told me that, thanks to the delay in her GP diagnosing her ovarian cancer, she is now infertile and receiving aggressive treatment.
She had made four GP appointments over several months for her unexplained stomach cramps.