Issues can occur for multiple reasons, including manufacturing difficulties, regulatory non-compliance, surges in demand, availability of raw materials, sudden spikes in demand, and issues related to the distribution of the product.
But once again, as always, the grievance culture of the SNP is: blame everything on Brexit.
What steps she is taking to increase levels of nurse recruitment and retention in GP practices.
We hugely appreciate the work that general practice nurses do.
I know that the hon.
Lady was a nurse in her previous life, and I absolutely pay tribute to her for her service.
She will be aware that last year the Government provided additional funding for the general practice contract to uplift pay by 6%, in line with the pay review body’s recommendations.
We are very much aware of the need to try to ensure that general practice nurses feel appreciated and are keen to be retained in GP practices, which is one of the reasons I have launched a taskforce on the future of general practice.
As she will know, it is for GP practices themselves to determine the pay uplift for their nurses.
I am looking closely at that, because we know that sometimes the pay rise provided by the Government was not passed on.
We have all seen images of people queuing around the block for an appointment at their GP surgery, and in my local integrated care board, there has been a decline in general practice nurses since June 2020.
It currently takes 12 months to train nurses wishing to move into general practice.
Will the Minister tell me and my constituents in Erdington, Kingstanding and Castle Vale what she is doing to ensure that the retention of experienced nurses and the training of new nurses does not add to the pressure that GPs are already facing?
The hon.
Lady raises an important point.
The long-term workforce plan commits to increasing the number of general practice nurses by more than 5,000 by 2036-37.
In her area, the number of doctors in general practice in the NHS Birmingham and Solihull ICB increased by 134 full-time equivalents between 2019 and 2023, but the number of nurses  decreased slightly, by 34 full-time equivalents.
However, over the same period, direct patient care staff increased by 1,195 full-time equivalents.
I think that demonstrates to the hon.
Lady that the actual resources in GP practice are increasing, with specialisms such as physiotherapy and pharmacy, as well as nurse prescribers, to provide patients more access to good healthcare.
What steps she is taking to support the recruitment and retention of community and district nurses.
As the hon.
Member may know, in September 2023, we met our commitment to deliver 50,000 more nurses working in the NHS compared with September 2019.
As of January 2024, there are over 68,800 full-time equivalent community nurses working in NHS trusts and other core organisations across England, which is over 2,000 more than a year ago.
However, we want to go further, which is why the NHS long-term workforce plan sets an ambition to increase training places for district nurses by 150%, to nearly 1,800.
It also commits to improving retention in the NHS.
In Scotland, the vacancy rate for registered nursing posts in the community is 8.5%, and for registered district nurses it is 6.6%—in England, the situation is actually worse in most parts.
However, these posts are fundamental, not just to care in communities and to our communities themselves, but to addressing bed blocking.
It is obviously for the Scottish Government to address terms and conditions of employment, but their overall funding package is dictated by the block grant and Barnett consequentials.
Is it not time that the Department stood up for the NHS?
When there is money for weapons abroad, why can we not provide care at home?
We were told during the referendum that we would be better together and that the NHS would be protected.
Instead, it is being undermined.