Will the Secretary of State come clean and admit that under this Government, women’s health has become an afterthought?
That is absolute nonsense.
As I say, I have prioritised women’s health.
I am pretty sure that I invited the hon.
Lady to the women’s health summit earlier this year.
indicated assent.
She is very graciously saying that I did.
The point is that I want women to receive the sort of care that we would all hope and expect them to have.
I have prioritised that precisely because there are conditions, including gynaecological conditions, that have historically not received the attention they deserve.
As our women’s health ambassador Dame Lesley Regan says, the NHS was created by men, for men.
I am the Health Secretary who is sorting that out.
What steps she is taking to improve patient access to primary care.
What steps she is taking to improve patient access to primary care.
What steps she is taking to improve patient access to primary care.
We are enormously grateful for the work of GPs in delivering 64 million more appointments nationally than in 2019.
Our primary care recovery plan enhances GP access by expanding community pharmacy services nationwide.
Some 98% of community pharmacies have signed up to the Pharmacy First offer, with over 125,000 consultations claimed in the first month.
Across Bedfordshire, we suffer from patient to GP ratios that are well in excess of the national average; high housing growth is simply not matched by GP capacity.
At Wixams, we have been able to break through 15 years of deadlock by putting stakeholders together, but issues still remain across the county.
From Shefford to Stondon, heartbreaking stories are commonplace.
The issue is not ICB-specific; it affects people right across the country.
What more can we do to ensure that areas with high housing growth have the GP capacity that residents deserve?
The hon.
Gentleman raises a really important point.
He may be aware that the Bedfordshire, Luton and Milton Keynes ICB received £36 million for its operational capital budget in 2023-24, with over £118 million for this spending review period.
That operational capital is core funding provided to ICBs for delivering primary care, among other things.
In addition, he will be aware that ICBs are able to provide input to planning permissions to ensure that primary care is delivered where there are new housing developments.
I have worked with other hon.
Members across the House to tackle this issue, and I am very happy to meet him to discuss it further.
When I speak to my constituents in Brislington, they tell me they have to wait an inordinate time to get through on the phone to their GPs at the Brooklea health centre, and wait over two weeks for appointments.
Constituents in Fishponds have been told that it is over an hour’s wait for prescription medication at the local pharmacy—and we all know the situation with dentists.
The other thing my constituents are waiting for is a general election.
Does the Minister agree that that is the only way we will sort out these problems in the NHS?
I certainly do not agree.
If Labour were in government, we would see significantly worse outcomes.
Covid was a once-in-100-years pandemic, and we have pulled out all the stops to recover from that.
It is a huge tribute to all those working in primary care that they have done so well.
In the hon.
Lady’s ICB— Bristol North, North Somerset and South Gloucestershire  —38.4% of all appointments were delivered on the same day they were booked in February this year, and 84% were delivered within two weeks of booking, with 66% of them face to face.
These are extremely positive numbers for the 482,000 appointments delivered in February 2024.
What is really important is that the number of patient care staff has increased by 656 full-time equivalents since 2019.