I would be delighted to meet her to talk about it further.
At my last surgery, a young woman told me that, thanks to the delay in her GP diagnosing her ovarian cancer, she is now infertile and receiving aggressive treatment.
She had made four GP appointments over several months for her unexplained stomach cramps.
Only in an emergency admission in another country was the ovarian cancer  diagnosed and the tumour removed.
How long will it be before the symptoms of female-specific conditions are taken seriously by our medical establishment, from initial training onwards?
I thank the hon.
Lady for raising this, and I very much send our best wishes to her constituent.
The hon.
Lady raises a really important point.
The symptoms that women can experience are often very different for conditions relating not just to cancer, but to heart attacks, for example.
Part of my prioritisation of women’s health is to get that message out to clinicians so that, as this case demonstrates so tragically, they are able to make the best and most prompt diagnosis for all women.
What is the Secretary of State doing to ensure that the UK Health Security Agency has the budget and the capabilities it needs?
The recent expansion of bird flu among mammals in the United States is a salutary lesson.
Thankfully, there are no signs yet of human-to-human transmission, but it reminds us of the incredible value and importance of being vigilant in this space and having the best possible technology ready to respond as soon as possible.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his question, and of course for his integral role not just during the pandemic, but in setting up the UKHSA.
He will understand that I and others are keeping this under very close review, and the chief medical officer is briefing me as and when needed.
I have had concerns raised about a company based in England but operating across the UK online that shape shifts and is known variously as Young Vibes, Peaky Parents, Kactus Kids, “themumsnet” and, currently, Anxiety Recovery.
It offers to fix children’s anxiety in mere weeks, but it is preying on vulnerable families, drawing them into expensive treatments, and inciting them to take out loans and get into debt.
It is operating outside regulatory frameworks, so may I ask what Ministers can do about such unscrupulous and exploitative companies?
The hon.
Lady raises an important point, and I ask her to write to me, please, so that we can look into it.
Given the importance of the UK’s life sciences sector, could my right hon.
Friend update the House on commercial clinical trial recruitment?
Thanks in part to the sterling work of my hon.
Friend, monthly average patient recruitment to commercial clinical trials is almost five times the figure it was back in June 2023.
That is hugely positive, but there is clearly more to do in this space.
For over a decade, the Camberwell dialysis unit has provided high-quality NHS care to patients in south London, so my constituents were shocked to hear that these services are to be outsourced to Diaverum, a multinational for-profit health corporation, which has already had one of its clinics rated inadequate and put into special measures.
Does the Minister accept that privatising the NHS bit by bit  has disastrous implications for care, and will he listen to patients in my constituency and commit to maintaining our NHS dialysis provision?
That sums up the usual contradiction on privatisation between Labour Front Benchers and Back Benchers.
Any service changes should be based on clear evidence that they will deliver better patient outcomes.
In Lambeth, patients who receive dialysis at the new site in Brixton will receive care in a significantly improved environment with brand new facilities, in a great example of an innovative public-private partnership.