How will the Minister support general practice to enable it to continue to provide the vital services that our communities deserve?
It is fantastic that hard-working GPs have delivered 60 million more appointments a year than in 2019.
That is a credit to their efforts.
The Government have undertaken a wide range of approaches to try to reduce the administrative burden.
We are focused on trying to deal with some of the issues that  GPs have raised with me about the primary and secondary care interface so that they do not have to write all the fit notes and liaise with consultants.
We have also spent more than £200 million on digital telephony.
Importantly, the additional roles reimbursement scheme has added more than 36,000 more professional staff, from physios to pharmacists to those in GP practices, to try to support patient access.
I call the shadow Minister.
At the last general election, the Government promised to deliver 6,000 more GPs by 2024-25, but there are still 2,000 fewer GPs than in 2015.
Part of the problem is that morale has plummeted in the past decade, meaning that experienced family doctors and newly qualified GPs are hanging up their stethoscopes.
What does the Minister say after scrapping two GP retention schemes last month?
Will she come clean today about another broken manifesto promise?
The hon.
Lady is choosing numbers out of the air.
She will be aware that there are almost 3,000 more GPs now than in 2019, and very importantly the long-term workforce plan is scheduled to introduce 6,000 new training places by 2031-32.
In 2022, we had the greatest number ever of new trainee GPs.
That is great news for GP practice, as they are crucial to primary care.
What steps she is taking to ensure adequate funding for hospital repairs.
May I wish you a happy St. George’s day, Mr Speaker?
I also wish  the hon.
Member for Bristol South (Karin Smyth)  a speedy recovery; I hope to see her across the Dispatch Box soon.
The Government have invested significant sums to maintain and modernise NHS buildings, including £4.2 billion for integrated care boards this financial year.
This is on top of the expected £20 billion for the new hospital programme.
We have invested a further £1.7 billion for over 70 hospital upgrades across England, including in mid and south Essex.
I thank the Secretary of State very much for the Government’s commitment to delivering the £110 million in capital funding for south Essex hospitals and for her recent visit to Southend hospital, where she saw in our emergency village how much £8 million can do in the hands of Southend hospital’s inspirational NHS staff.
However, our aged buildings do also need urgent maintenance, so what can she also do to deliver the £38 million in maintenance funding also needed for Southend hospital?
I thank my hon.
Friend, and also wish her the very best of luck, as she is due to abseil down the hospital next month for its radiotherapy appeal.
I very much hope she lands safely and does not trouble Southend hospital.
I was delighted to visit the hospital at her invitation earlier this month, and I was very much impressed by the immediate improvements that the £8 million funding has meant in the Dowsett  ward and for discharge and treatment times through accident and emergency.
This is part of our plan, both through the urgent and emergency care plan and through our recovery plan for electives and the new hospital programme, to rebuild hospitals and provide that investment so that clinicians can use it to treat their local patients.
Last month, I met the chief executive of Stepping Hill Hospital in Stockport.
She informed me that the primary out-patient building, which provides 85% of out-patient capacity, was recently condemned.