That is why Labour was very disturbed to hear that the Government have tabled an amendment to undo the cross-party changes to the Victims and Prisoners Bill passed by this House in December last year.
The changes that the Government want would have the effect of removing a clear commitment to delivering on the compensation scheme within three months of the Bill’s passing—yet another missed opportunity; yet another delay.
I would be grateful if the Minister answered the following questions.
Will the Government now consider accepting the cross-party consensus of establishing a clear three-month limit for the setting up of the scheme?
Can the Minister confirm when victims can expect to receive final compensation payments following the publication of Sir Brian Langstaff’s review?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her questions.
Respectfully, the amendment tabled by the right hon.
Member for Kingston upon Hull North was dependent on Royal Assent.
I have tried to make it effective by putting an obligation on the set-up as soon as Royal Assent is granted, which will speed it up.
I am working on operational matters around how such a body would work.
The hon.
Lady asked me, as everyone does, about the Government’s substantive response on compensation more broadly.
As I have indicated, I appointed the expert group in January to examine some of the issues in the recommendations, such as the need for redress for those living with chronic hepatitis B when that chronic infection definition did not exist.
I have been seeking professional advice on the operationalisation of the recommendations.
The conclusions of those deliberations, and the quantification and discernment of compensation, will be a matter for the Government when the final report has been published.
Like others, I have cases that have been waiting decades for a resolution, and which were pursued by my predecessor.
When will those affected be able to start applying for compensation?
I refer my hon.
Friend to my reply a few moments ago about the £100,000 payment to the estates of deceased infected persons.
The ultimate compensation will depend on what is arranged through conversations across Whitehall as soon as possible after  20 May .
We are making good progress, and I want to bring that forward as quickly as I can after  20 May .
Given the will of the House and the letter signed by so many MPs, it is pretty clear that it is on the Government to deliver, and that is what I am seeking to do as quickly as I can.
I call the Scottish National party spokesperson.
I pay tribute to  the right hon.
Member for Kingston upon Hull North (Dame Diana Johnson) , who has done so much, and to journalists such as Caroline Wheeler of The Sunday Times and all those who have campaigned for decades, despite their own very deep trauma.
They include Jan Smith, the mother of Colin, one of the youngest victims who was infected at only 10 months old, and who died aged only seven.
She said in The Sunday Times at the weekend:
“When we found out little Colin was going to be treated by a world-renowned haematologist we were over the moon.
Professor Bloom was like a God to us and we didn’t question him.
We thought our son was being given the best possible treatment.
But we will feel forever guilty that we had in fact handed our son over to his killer.”
These parents should not be burdened with this guilt.
An estimated 380 children were infected in a massive breach of trust and medical ethics.
It is every parent’s worst nightmare.
What does the Minister say to the parents of children who were used as guinea pigs, in an utterly despicable practice that was made worse by the lack of redress for those families?
When will all those infected and affected receive the compensation they are due, and an apology from this Government?
I can reassure the hon.