Gentleman’s specific point about the mechanics of engagement with communities, I am very seized of the need to have a clear narrative for each different cohort, so that we can be crystal clear when those decisions are made.
I recognise how frustrating this is.
Obviously, agreeing, quantifying and making provision for those things is a collective process across Government, and I am doing everything I can, using my experience from several years in the Treasury.
It is helpful that the Chancellor of the Exchequer was Health Secretary when the public inquiry was set up, and I am working with colleagues across Whitehall to deliver this as quickly as I can.
One of the most upsetting aspects of this whole tragedy is the thought of those pupils at Treloar School being experimented on like “lab rats”, as one of the pupils said.
They included brothers Michael and Bill Payne, and I met their widows Cath and Margaret over the Easter recess in Bristol.
I accept that the Minister is trying to give detailed answers and that there are complexities, but what it really comes down to is the deep, deep wrong that was done to those little boys at Treloar’s, and compensation and apologies are owed to those people.
Can I ask what the Minister is doing to communicate as clearly and effectively as possible with the families of those affected, so that they feel they are not being swamped by bureaucracy and that answers are close at hand?
I have reached out to prominent charities, organisations and support groups to share the progress that has been made—I had to respect the fact that we needed to do that through the parliamentary process last Wednesday—and to seek their views, but not to replicate the considerable trauma that they went through giving evidence in an incredibly painful fashion through Sir Brian Langstaff’s inquiry.
I am meeting those charities, organisations and support groups.
I obviously cannot meet every single individual, but I am trying to use those meetings to inform the response of the Government and to make representations to my colleagues about what needs to be done so that we can land this in the most effective place as soon as we can from  20 May .
Does the Minister recognise that many people feel that the state, with all its delays in delivering justice to the victims of this scandal and their families, has utterly failed to recognise adequately the egregious harm that has been inflicted and continues to be inflicted on those impacted, leaving tens of thousands of victims and their families in great suffering as they continue to wait for compensation?
Yes, I recognise that all delays are painful and frustrating and cause distress.
That is why I am doing everything I can to move this forward as quickly as I can.
I am sorry that that is repetitious, but it is the truth.
I think I have updated the House meaningfully today on the legislation.
I know what we need to do, which is to get to  20 May  and, as soon as possible, come up with a comprehensive response on behalf of all  those who have lost their lives and the families who have been ruined by this absolute scandal that has happened over 50 years.
May I also give my thanks to my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston upon Hull North (Dame Diana Johnson)  for securing this urgent question?
It gives me the opportunity to raise the case of my constituent Mark Fox, who contracted hepatitis C from infected blood when he was given a transfusion.
He was just four years of age at the time.
He was given contaminated factor VIII for his haemophilia.
He was unaware of his hepatitis C diagnosis until he was 17, when he was in care.
He has been living with the health consequences of this scandal for over  40 years.