That sums up the usual contradiction on privatisation between Labour Front Benchers and Back Benchers.
Any service changes should be based on clear evidence that they will deliver better patient outcomes.
In Lambeth, patients who receive dialysis at the new site in Brixton will receive care in a significantly improved environment with brand new facilities, in a great example of an innovative public-private partnership.
NHS England has established the renal services transformation programme to reduce unwarranted variation in the quality of access to renal care.
Will my hon.
Friend join me in recognising the good work that the Essex Partnership University NHS Foundation Trust has been doing to improve mental health outcomes, including the creation of a pioneering 24/7 urgent mental health care centre, providing urgent help when it is needed.
Is that a model that could be rolled out across the country to improve access to mental health for all?
My hon.
Friend rightly flags the excellent work going on to improve access to mental health services across the country.
Last year, 3.6 million people got mental health support.
That is an increase of around 30% in just three years, supported by record funding of over £16 billion into mental health care.
Mandatory fortification of flour with folic acid could save many thousands of children from spina bifida, so why is it happening so slowly, at such a low level and applied to too few products?
I assure the hon.
Member that we remain firmly committed to the mandatory fortification of flour with folic acid.
That will help to protect around 200 babies each year from being born with neural tube defects.
The policy is being delivered across the UK as part of a wider review of bread and flour regulations.
In January we published our consultation response, and we will bring forward legislation to implement the policy later this year.
Ten days ago I went to the Whipps Cross A&E department to see for myself the pressures that the brilliant team there are under—pressures that are heavily exacerbated by the failure to redevelop the hospital.
Originally, we were promised that the new hospital would be open by 2026, but we have still not agreed with the Department a plan and timetable to submit to the Treasury for that redevelopment.
As a result, the hospital is having to  spend huge amounts of money trying to stem the damage as well as being able to treat patients.
It is costing us all.
For the sake of patient care and NHS budgets, will the Minister meet me to work out where the hold-up is in getting Whipps Cross redeveloped?
The hon.
Member raises the performance of the A&E department in her local hospital.
I have worked closely with the NHS over the past year to improve the performance of urgent and emergency care.
Since this time last year, we have seen ambulance response times improve by over a quarter and waits in A&E cut.
I am happy to meet her to talk about her specific A&E department.
I again thank the Secretary of State for visiting Watford General Hospital earlier this year, where we shared exciting plans for the new hospital, with preparation work starting this year, and construction starting by the end of 2026.
I spoke with the West Hertfordshire NHS Trust leadership team this week, who confirmed that they are on track for that delivery within those timescales.
Will my right hon.
Friend please join me in thanking them for their hard work on that?
I would be delighted to join my hon.
Friend, and I thank him again for a really positive visit to his local hospital.
That is a great example of a local MP working in his local area for his constituents and, what is more, delivering for them.