Friend explain how access to primary care would not be helped by removing the partnership model, and what are the Government doing to help ICBs create more flexible partnership funding pots?
My hon.
Friend makes a fantastic point, and I say again that GPs absolutely underpin our primary care.
We all absolutely rely on them, and our measures to create 36,000 additional roles in GP practices will provide them with the additional capacity they need so that they can serve their patients better.
That is good for patients, good for primary care and incredibly good value for the taxpayer.
It is ludicrous that Labour is proposing to undermine the GP partnership model; that would be a disaster for primary care.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
We know that people in work lead happier, healthier lives.
However, over 10 million “not fit for work” fit notes were issued last year.
Most were repeat fit notes issued without any advice, so we are missing a golden opportunity to give millions of people the support they need to remain in work.
That is why we are launching a reform of the fit note process to create a new system in which fit note conversations focus on what people can do, not what they cannot do.
As part of this, the Government will consider shifting the responsibility for issuing fit notes away from GPs to reduce the pressures they face and to free up millions of appointments.
I thank everyone who has delivered this vital work, and I very much look forward to hearing the results of the call for evidence in due course so that we can reform our welfare system for the sake of our constituents and our GPs.
According to the Association of British HealthTech Industries, it takes, on average, 17 years for lifesaving and life-enhancing technologies to be adopted in the NHS.
What steps is my right hon.
Friend taking to speed up the adoption of new technologies so that the NHS can save more lives and improve patient outcomes?
I dispute the 17-year figure, as it can vary across innovations.
The figure is contested, but my hon.
Friend raises an important point.
We have a plan to prioritise the acceleration of patient access, thereby ensuring safe, effective and innovative medical technology for patients and the NHS.
Our ambition is backed by funding, and we are reforming the medical technology regulatory framework, introducing the innovative devices access pathway pilot and launching frameworks to increase the availability of innovative products for the sake of patients across England and the United Kingdom.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
The Health Secretary has promised that the Government will provide an  extra 2.5 million dental appointments this year, but the dentistry Minister,  the right hon.
Member for South Northamptonshire (Dame Andrea Leadsom) , says the figure has
“a high likelihood of not being reliable”.
Which one of them is wrong?
I am delighted to be able to tell the hon.
Gentleman that we have modelled down the ambitions, so the figure we initially provided was higher than 2.5 million appointments.
That is because we are focused on delivering the dental recovery plan, rather than overpromising.
The hon.
Gentleman finds it easy to call our children short and fat, but he shies away from welfare reform, calling it shameless and irresponsible.
He says he is ready to stand up to middle-class lefties, but Labour has never put patients first by condemning the unions that strike.
He makes glossy promises about reforming the NHS in England, yet Labour has failed completely—
Order.
I gently say that we need to get a lot of Back Benchers in, and I am sure both sides want to do that.
The last Labour Government delivered the shortest waiting times and the highest patient satisfaction in history, which is a record that the right hon.
Lady’s Government cannot begin to touch.