How do we best expedite the process across that affected community?
Those are the sorts of practical issues that I am working through with officials, so that we can reach the best possible solution when we give our comprehensive response in due course.
“Cheaper than chimpanzees” was how former pupils of Treloar’s school described themselves when they gave evidence to the inquiry.
My constituent, Lee Moorey, was one of the pupils of that school, and has described to me how he felt that he was experimented on all those years ago.
We have set up the Brian Langstaff inquiry; what more can the Government possibly want to know than what that inquiry is going to uncover, and why are they delaying compensation?
Will the Minister confirm that nothing has been preventing the Government from paying compensation since the date that Brian Langstaff published his interim report last April?
There is a challenge in translating 18 recommendations into numbers and into the reality of a transmission mechanism, as well as in the quantification and agreement across Whitehall.
The work on the first part is under way: that is why we have engaged the experts to work out how to quantify the payments that will be due across different heads of loss.
Quite reasonably, those numbers were not in the report—it would not be for Sir Brian Langstaff to put numbers on every single individual—but that work is under way.
We are now working to agree the substantive response as soon as we can after the final report is published.
This week, I will be using the mechanisms of this House to do something that, in 14 years as an MP, I have never before felt the need to do: present a petition.
At the top of that petition will be the name of my constituent, Andrew Evans, one of the children who was infected with hepatitis and HIV.
By a miracle, he survived to set up and help run the Tainted Blood campaign.
Like many of my affected and infected constituents, he feels that this process has already gone on for too long, so I am very grateful to  the right hon.
Member for Kingston upon Hull North (Dame Diana Johnson)  for securing this urgent question.
I am also grateful to my right hon.
Friend the Minister for the updates he has given, particularly about support for the estates of the deceased.
However, I urge him to continue to meet groups such as Tainted Blood and make sure that the communication on this issue is as clear and open as possible, so that those groups are engaged and can support their members as the process moves forward—and to do so as fast as possible.
I thank my hon.
Friend, both for what he has said today and for his engagement privately in recent weeks.
I agree with everything he has said, and I have heard his challenge to be clear about communications to prominent charities, organisations and support groups.
Letters were sent by my officials yesterday evening to set up those meetings.
I have talked to cross-party representatives of the all-party parliamentary group on haemophilia and contaminated blood, seeking input on the names of groups.
I am trying to respect their confidence while also meeting as many representative groups as possible, and to do that well before  20 May .
This is surely the worst health scandal that we have seen, with Government after Government kicking the can down the road.
We need to accept that there is a need for change, including a change in speed and urgency.
The  continued delays and prevarication—I regret to say that it feels like we have seen some more of that today—exacerbate the suffering.
We know that two people are dying every week.
The Minister must know that the delay on this issue is indefensible, and he must know its impact.