I would be delighted to join my hon.
Friend, and I thank him again for a really positive visit to his local hospital.
That is a great example of a local MP working in his local area for his constituents and, what is more, delivering for them.
As a practical measure to improve radiotherapy waiting times, will the Minister agree to further work on the radiotherapy dataset, to include the collection of data on delays at each stage of the radiotherapy pathway, and by tumour type, so that we can better understand pinch points in services?
We are working to improve radiotherapy services across the NHS, and I would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss that in more detail.
West Hertfordshire Hospital Trust is at the front of the queue for the new hospital programme.
We have the land, planning permission, building design, political and staff support, and enabling works are under way.
But, like many other trusts around the country, the hospital trust is being asked to submit business case after business case.
Will the Secretary of State clarify whether those delays are down to bureaucracy and the new hospital programme, or are they deliberate delaying tactics by a Government who do not want to release funds to hospitals before the general election?
Normally, a Secretary of State would appear at the Dispatch Box after a question like that and say, “I refer the hon.
Member to the answer I gave earlier.”
On this occasion I will refer her to the question from my hon.
Friend  the Member for Watford (Dean Russell) .
He has just set out the business case for Watford General, which is great news, and I hope she will join him and me in welcoming that new hospital when it is open.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Minister for the Cabinet Office to make a statement on the evidence uncovered of experiments on children and the contaminated blood scandal, and update the House on the action that the Government are taking on the second interim report from Sir Brian Langstaff.
Let me start by stating that the stories reported in the recent BBC news article, and indeed The Sunday Times report by Caroline Wheeler, demonstrate the unimaginable suffering of all those impacted by this dreadful scandal.
As the House will know, in 2017 the Government established an independent public statutory inquiry chaired by Sir Brian Langstaff, to give those impacted and their families the answers that they deserve.
Since it was established, the inquiry has taken evidence from a range of sources, and the testimonies are indicative of the bravery of every individual who has come forward.
The infected blood inquiry’s final report is due to be published within a month, on  20 May , and we expect the inquiry’s findings to cover a set of extremely challenging issues.
It would not be right for the Government to pre-empt the findings of this long-prepared and carefully considered report, but the Government have committed to update Parliament through an oral statement on next steps within 25 sitting days following  20 May .
It is our intention to make that statement as soon as possible.
The 25-day stipulation is a deadline, and certainly not a target.
In January this year, I appointed an expert group to provide technical advice to the Cabinet Office in responding to the infected blood inquiry’s recommendations on compensation.
That work is well under way and will build on the recommendations of the infected blood inquiry to inform the Government’s substantive response to the inquiry’s recommendations on compensation.
The Government understand the need to move quickly to provide compensation to victims of infected blood.
Most recently, we tabled amendments just last Wednesday to the Victims and Prisoners Bill to impose a duty on the Government to establish an infected blood compensation scheme.