On all sides of the House, Members know that when people are dying, justice delayed is justice denied.
The time to act is now.
I thank the right hon.
Lady for her questions and initial comments.
Nobody in this House has done more than her to advance the interests of the infected and affected communities, as I have said consistently since I took office on  13 November .
I recognise her frustrations and am doing everything I can to address them.
Last week, I met her and other Chairs, across parties, as I did just before the Easter recess, and I will continue to update her as regularly as I can.
The right hon.
Lady draws attention to commentary from Hugh Pym and other journalists about speculation and allegations, which I believe Sir Brian Langstaff’s  report, when it is published on  20 May , should give substantive airing to, drawing on the evidence collected.
It would be reasonable for the Government to wait for that authoritative statement on what information and evidence they have gathered before we respond, but that does not mean that, since I took office, I have been doing anything other than move forward everything I can on compensation as quickly as possible.
The right hon.
Lady is quite right to say that over 3,000 deaths have occurred since 1970, including 141 last year.
I recognise that the challenge of urgently securing interim payments, in terms of the mechanics of how it is done, is not a concern of the infected and affected community.
She quite reasonably stands up and urges speed on that, and I am doing what I can.
The statutory duty to make an interim payment of £100,000 to the estates of the deceased infected people is the first time that we have put in legislation a duty to pay compensation before the ad hoc schemes, which, over the past 45 or 50 years, have never admitted culpability.
I have also put into legislation, with the consent of both Houses, the need to set up the arm’s length body and make it as operational as soon as possible.
As I discussed with the right hon.
Lady last week, my concern is to get that arm’s length body up and running as quickly as possible, and there is a legal obligation to do so when Royal Assent is gained—there is no statutory deadline but there is a responsibility to do that.
I recognise the concern around a judge-led body.
Indeed, Sir Brian Langstaff’s report suggests that a judge-led body would be desirable—I do not rule that out—but at this stage it seems reasonable not to confine it in legislation in case another candidate becomes available.
Clearly, however, gaining the confidence of the affected and infected communities is absolutely integral to this process working.
As I say, I am doing everything I can to bring forward the Government’s substantive response on the widest issues of compensation as near as I can to the  20 May , and I will update the House as often as I can.
Indeed, I have made time available tomorrow for an open surgery for any MP who wants to bring cases to me.
I call the Father of the House.
May I follow the tributes to the great Dame— the right hon.
Member for Kingston upon Hull North (Dame Diana Johnson) —for what she has been doing?
I have been actively involved in this in one way or another for 25 years.
We all know that the justification for having the Langstaff inquiry has been the information that has now come out in public, which was concealed or not known over the decades.
We also know that this is different from most of the discussions in the Pearson report on whether there should be compensation when things go wrong in medical treatment.