I am pleased that NHS England is reviewing mental health services for all staff, to ensure that all staff in the NHS have the support that they need.
Fighting to save a dying child’s life, telling families that their loved one will not make it through the night, and working desperately in substandard conditions—it will come as little shock to hear that all that takes a toll.
Last year, 6.4 million mental health sick days were taken across the NHS.
Instead of receiving support, our NHS heroes have a Tory Government who treat them with disdain and kick them to the kerb.
Will the Minister commit to funding the NHS practitioner health service beyond the next 12 months, or will the Government just try to shut it down again?
As an NHS community first responder who served on the frontline during the pandemic, who had to see people say goodbye to their loved ones for the last time before being admitted to hospital, and who has dealt with cardiac arrests, I know the mental toll that working for or volunteering with the NHS can take on our workforce, and therefore we do give a very high priority to the subject.
The NHS people plan sets out a range of actions to build a more modern, compassionate and inclusive culture, and includes a much stronger focus on the availability of quality health and wellbeing support.
It is right that we keep services under review, so I will not make a commitment today to continuing to fund something that we have agreed to fund for another year while those services are reviewed.
What steps she is taking to improve healthcare for women.
We are focused on delivering our women’s health priorities for 2024.
Recent successes   include new women’s health hubs opening across the country, with £25 million of investment; the investment of nearly £35 million over three years in improving maternity safety, on top of the extra £186 million already being invested each year; the success of the hormone replacement therapy prepayment certificates; and research into the important issue of maternity disparities, which I have already mentioned.
House of Commons Library figures reveal that one in four women with suspected breast cancer are waiting more than two weeks to see a specialist.
The waiting list for gynaecological treatments has risen by 40,000 in a year, which means that there are now almost 600,000 women waiting, which is up by a third over two years.
Labour has pledged to tackle that backlog, so that more women are seen faster.
How much pain, misery or worse do women have to endure before this Government start prioritising their health?
As the hon.
Lady will know—she saw the statistics published very recently—we are in fact treating more people at earlier stages of their cancer.
I want to take on her point about gynaecological waits, because that is important.
We are spending more than £8 billion in this spending review period on additional elective activity, and investing in additional capacity, including community diagnostic centres and surgical hubs, many of which provide gynaecological tests and procedures.
She may have missed it, but the latest published management information for March shows that the longest waits for gynaecology services have reduced by nearly 95% since their peak in September 2021.
Of course there is more to do, but we are making progress.
I thank all the doctors and teams who are involved in that important work.
I call the shadow Minister.
Today, we have seen alarming figures pointing to the systematic de-prioritisation of women’s health, with 600,000 women in England waiting for gynaecological treatment, 33,000 women waiting more than a year, and under two thirds of eligible women screened for breast cancer in the last three years.
Will the Secretary of State come clean and admit that under this Government, women’s health has become an afterthought?
That is absolute nonsense.
As I say, I have prioritised women’s health.