Conservative Members take the approach that in order to help people with their health—[Interruption.]
The hon.
Gentleman is shouting at me.
I thought that this answer would be important to his constituents.
Levelling up is not just about health.
It is about the impact of education, housing and other matters in our environment, which is why in the forthcoming major  conditions strategy we will tie together the conditions that have the most impact on a healthy life.
We will draw together a cross-Government strategy to help people who are living with those conditions to live longer but also healthier lives.
The Health Secretary will know about the health inequalities across the east of England, including in Maldon district, which will only be made worse if the NHS’s plans to close St Peter’s Hospital in Maldon proceed.
Does she agree that the levelling-up funding that has been made available to Maldon District Council should be prioritised to facilitate investment in new localised health services, so that those inequalities can be tackled?
My right hon.
Friend makes an important point.
The purpose of the levelling-up fund is to help local areas to address what they need locally, rather than respond to diktat from central London.
I encourage her to work closely, as I know she will, with local agencies, the council and others making those important decisions, so that their levelling-up announcements include health, as an integral part of her mission to improve the lives of her constituents.
I call the shadow Minister.
Back in the real world, the record of the last Labour Government is that we increased life expectancy by three years.
Under this Government, it has stalled for the first time in a century, with people in Blackpool, for example, expected to live four and a half years less than the national average.
Is the Secretary of State proud of this shocking record, or will people have to wait to elect Chris Webb in Blackpool South and a Labour Government at Westminster to finally turn the tide on health inequalities?
As someone who is proud to have gone to school in Blackpool, I do not need a lecture from the hon.
Gentleman about what Labour has done to the town centre, or about the important work that Conservatives in Lancashire are doing to help communities such as Blackpool.
On Labour’s record, I gently point out, as I try to do at every orals, that the record of the Labour-run NHS in Wales is lamentable.
People are almost twice as likely to be waiting for treatment in the Labour-run NHS in Wales.
That is not a record of which to be proud.
What steps she is taking to improve bowel care for people with spinal injuries.
The hon.
Member raises an important issue.
It is vital that people with spinal injuries receive care in the most appropriate environment to support their care and rehabilitation.
The NHS has developed a range of guidance on the subject, including NHS England’s excellent incontinence care guidance.
In addition, guidelines from the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence set out the care that patients with spinal injuries should receive, including through a neurological bowel management programme.
There is a clear need for a national policy on bowel care in NHS settings for people with spinal injuries.
I have listened to patients who have been left feeling abandoned and trapped in a hospital bed without the basic dignity of being able to use the toilet—all because of a lack of training for nurses in providing the necessary support.
Will the Minister meet me and representatives of the Spinal Injuries Association to discuss how we can make the situation better and ensure that nobody is denied this basic level of care?
I pay tribute to the hon.
Lady for the work that she and the all-party parliamentary group on spinal cord injury have done on the issue.
I would be more than happy to meet them.