When there is money for weapons abroad, why can we not provide care at home?
We were told during the referendum that we would be better together and that the NHS would be protected.
Instead, it is being undermined.
We hear from Opposition Members who love nothing more than to crow and criticise as their health system declines around them, despite record funding from the UK Government.
Scotland has, sadly, some of the worst health outcomes in the western world.
Earlier this year, when the UK Government stepped in to offer support, the SNP Health Minister rejected the offer.
I reiterate that if the Scottish Government need help to reduce their waiting lists, we stand ready to provide such support.
What steps she is taking to tackle health inequalities.
We are committed to levelling up health, narrowing the gap in healthy life expectancy by 2030, and increasing healthy life expectancy by five years by 2035.
That aligns with our mission to reform our health and care system to be faster, simpler and fairer.
In January, Professor Sir Michael Marmot published “Health Inequalities, Lives Cut Short”, which confirmed that between 2011 and 2019, driven by political choices, 1 million people in 90% of areas in England lived shorter lives than they should.
The inequalities were amplified by Covid.
These lives cut short are matched by shorter lives in good health.
Does the Secretary of State believe in evidence-based health?
If so, does she accept the overwhelming evidence that current levels of ill health reflect 14 years of escalating poverty, services that have been run into the ground, including the NHS, and the Government’s failure to do what they promised in 2019: level up?
No, I do not, and I would point to the legislation that the Government brought forward last week, which is the largest and most significant public health reform that we can make to help the hon.
Member’s constituents and those in other parts of the country who face inequalities.
We know that smoking rates are disproportionately higher in poorer communities, which is one of the many reasons why we introduced such landmark legislation.
It is just a shame that the Labour party felt that they had to whip their Members to get them to vote for it.
Will the Secretary of State support Breast Cancer Now’s campaign to improve the uptake of breast cancer screening, especially among women in minority ethnic communities, because that is a good way to tackle health inequalities?
I completely agree.
Further on ethnicity and inequalities, I have not only prioritised women’s health as Secretary of State, but announced £50 million of research into maternity disparities for women of colour, given the worrying statistics associated with that.
I have also responded to calls from brave constituents, put forward by hon.
Members on both sides of the House, for further research into lobular breast cancer, because although it is responsible for 15% of diagnoses, we do not have the research or evidence to help women who are affected by it.
The reality is that someone living in the inner city in the Bradford district is likely to live 20 years less than those living in the more affluent parts of the region.
That has not just happened; it is a result of 14 years of underinvestment in and cuts to not only our NHS, but our community services.
Will the Secretary of State just admit that the Government frankly could not care less about people from places such as Bradford, because otherwise they would have accepted my levelling-up bid, which would have addressed this injustice at its core?
I am so glad that the hon.
Gentleman has mentioned levelling up, because presumably he will know from his bid that the 12 levelling-up missions are mutually reinforcing.
Conservative Members take the approach that in order to help people with their health—[Interruption.]
The hon.
Gentleman is shouting at me.