This is part of our plan, both through the urgent and emergency care plan and through our recovery plan for electives and the new hospital programme, to rebuild hospitals and provide that investment so that clinicians can use it to treat their local patients.
Last month, I met the chief executive of Stepping Hill Hospital in Stockport.
She informed me that the primary out-patient building, which provides 85% of out-patient capacity, was recently condemned.
While funding has been secured to build two additional wards, they will not be ready for at least 15 months, causing huge disruption in the interim.
Fourteen years of underinvestment has left Stepping Hill Hospital quite literally crumbling.
Will the Government provide urgent capital investment for Stepping Hill, so that my constituents and our brilliant NHS staff can have the facilities they need?
I very much hope that the hon.
Gentleman has already spoken to his integrated care board, because he will know that responsibility for local investment decisions rightly rests at local level.
I can say that, as a Government, we have very much invested in hospital upgrades, including £4.2 billion going to integrated care boards this financial year.
I hear the timetable he cites, but I encourage him to go to his integrated care board to ask what more it is doing.
What steps she is taking to tackle medicine shortages for type 2 diabetes.
It is vital that people have access to the medicines they need.
The Department has been working with the suppliers of medicines used in the treatment of type 2 diabetes to seek commitments from them to address the issues, expedite deliveries and boost supplies.
As a result, the position is now much improved compared with a few months ago, with new patients now able to receive these critical medicines.
We continue to work with industry to address remaining issues as quickly as possible.
We know that obesity in this country is costing the NHS about £20 billion a year, and it is a major contributory factor to type 2 diabetes, which is preventable in a lot of cases by having a healthy lifestyle.
What more can we do encourage people to eat healthily and therefore save costs in the NHS?
The hon.
Member raises a very important point.
Obesity is linked to many health conditions, including type 2 diabetes.
We are delivering an ambitious programme of work to create a healthy environment to support people in achieving and maintaining a healthy weight.
This includes restricting the placements of less healthy products in shops and online, calorie labelling on food sold in restaurants and a tax on the sugary drinks industry, which has removed the equivalent of 45,000 tonnes of sugar from soft drinks.
I call the Scottish National party spokesperson.
A recent Nuffield Trust report shows that medicine shortages are a new normal in the UK.
The Minister might claim that this is a global issue, but as the report highlights, shortages are being made worse by Brexit.
For example, the creation of a requirement for customs checks at the border and leaving the European Medicines Agency have disrupted the previously smooth supply of medicines.
What urgent action will the Minister take to help to tackle the disastrous effects of Brexit on UK medicine supplies?
The SNP, as usual, is a broken record.
We all know that diabetes medicine shortages are a global issue affecting countries not just across the whole of the European Union, but across the whole world.
Medicine supply chains are highly regulated, complex and global.
Issues can occur for multiple reasons, including manufacturing difficulties, regulatory non-compliance, surges in demand, availability of raw materials, sudden spikes in demand, and issues related to the distribution of the product.
But once again, as always, the grievance culture of the SNP is: blame everything on Brexit.
What steps she is taking to increase levels of nurse recruitment and retention in GP practices.