If the buck stops with them, they will take it very seriously.
The criminal liability includes imprisonment for water executives when companies fail to co-operate or obstruct investigations.
The Act also introduces a bonus ban for chief executives and senior leaders unless high standards are met on protecting the environment, consumers and financial resilience.
We can talk more about Thames Water in relation to that in a moment.
It also introduces automatic penalties for environmental pollution.
It ensures that pollution is being measured in real time, because during  the last Parliament it was discovered that, for all the talk about measuring sewage, it was not being measured in real time.
A lot of the indicators were not there, so it was easy to dodge the real numbers that we are now seeing with the exponential increase in sewage discharge.
The Act introduces an independent water commission as a regulator, which I welcome.
The commission was launched in October last year and is chaired by the former deputy governor of the Bank of England, Sir Jon Cunliffe.
It is intended to deliver a reset to the sector and is expected to be the biggest review of the water industry since privatisation.
I say to my hon.
Friend the Member for Norwich South, who introduced the Bill today, that the commission will be the platform for discussions about the future.
Tempting as it may be for him to want to get his Bill passed today, it would not deliver in the timeframe that he would want it to, as that would take a while.
Let us take a measured stand and look closely at the independent commission—as I have warned my hon.
Friend the Minister, I will be watching it very closely and asking questions about it—because we need to see that overview from every angle.
Sir Jon Cunliffe is an independent individual who will be very tough with the Government on this issue.
My hon.
Friend has criticised the proposal for citizens’ assemblies, saying that we should have the confidence to make political judgments in this House for the future of our water companies.
Will she explain why she supports having an independent water commission but does not support the proposal for citizens’ assemblies?
I will not repeat all of the issues about people’s attendance at a citizens’ assembly—the difficulty of achieving it and of people coming to it.
I am not sure whether Sir Jon Cunliffe is being paid to do the job—quite often people are not—but he has been given time to devote to it, and also has access to a lot of technical expertise and data.
I have spent more than a decade looking at these sorts of reviews and how they collect information.
They have powers to receive that information and the expertise to analyse it.
I have had the privilege of working with the National Audit Office for a long period of time, and I know the level of expertise that goes into analysing that information, which is quite intense and immense, especially when we are dealing with money, infrastructure and water.
Will my hon.
Friend give way?
I will give way one final time.
I thank my hon.
Friend for giving way, and I will be very brief.
There is a crisis of democracy, and as my hon.
Friend  the Member for North East Hertfordshire (Chris Hinchliff)  has just mentioned, we are rejecting a citizens’ assembly.
Such an assembly could have the technical support and technical capacity as well, but it would give a voice to the public.
Instead, we have decided to give that voice to Sir Jon Cunliffe, a lifelong Treasury insider who works in the City of London and who will make a decision based on its interests.
Can she not see the problem here, and the lack of confidence the public have in the democratic decisions that are being taken by people like that?
My hon.