I agree with him wholeheartedly and I am just about to come to that point in relation to what the Water (Special Measures) Act does and does not do.
It addresses some of those points, but as we have already discussed, privatisation is not just a problem, but the problem, and it is a big part of why so much has gone wrong.
Unfortunately, the Water (Special Measures) Act does not live up to what was promised or what is needed, and it certainly does not live up to its name.
However, it is a start, and I praise my colleagues on the Front Bench, including the Under-Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston upon Hull West and Haltemprice (Emma Hardy) , who has done so much work in this area.
Unfortunately, the Act is not a solution.
Remarkably, my Government’s Water (Special Measures) Act does not even define what clean water means.
There are no standards or targets—just vague intentions handed over once again to a regulatory system that has already failed us and to the companies that caused the mess in the first place.
It says nothing about better governance,  and absolutely nothing about the big, fat, humongous elephant in the room: who owns our water?
If we do not deal with ownership, we cannot deal with accountability.
If we cannot deal with accountability, we can forget clean water.
No—we must go further on clean water standards, corporate accountability and what happens when companies fail.
Does my hon.
and gallant Friend accept that there is increased accountability in the Water (Special Measures) Act through the fact that many companies in the industry are now rewriting their articles of association to ensure that they are accountable not just to shareholders, but to the customers and users of water?
After 35 years of abject failure, it is too little, too late.
My Bill would put the final nail in the coffin of this sorry chapter of our country’s water and water system.
Sticking with the puns, I commend my hon.
Friend on his gallons of passion; he is always making waves.
He criticises the Government’s legislation, which is obviously not yet in effect, but does he think that the Cunliffe commission will go any way towards addressing some of the concerns he has outlined?
Unfortunately, I do not, because again the elephant in the room—who owns our water—has been ruled out of the Cunliffe commission’s operational process.
It cannot actually look at that issue.
I have no issue with Sir Jon Cunliffe, but let us not forget that he originates from the Treasury—he probably has Treasury brain.
That economic orthodoxy is part of the reason why we are in the place that we are.
I do not have so much confidence in the Cunliffe commission, but I do have far more confidence in the People’s Commission on the Water Sector, which is being run by academics and which will report at the same time.
I will be very interested to hear what it says.
Will my hon.
Friend give way?
Those are the reasons why I have brought forward this Bill.
The Government’s Act does none of those things, but my Bill does.
Take just one example—
Order.
I believe Mr Lewis probably cannot hear interventions, because he is so loud himself.
Members should intervene loudly if they wish to intervene.
I did hear the intervention, but I wanted to make some progress.
Take this one example.
Under this Bill, if a water company breaches the terms of its licence with a major sewage discharge, it can forget shareholder payout and piling on more debt.
If it does it twice, it is in the last chance saloon.
After three strikes, it is out—licence terminated and on its bike—and those price-gouging, asset-stripping, river-killing vulture capitalist outfits will be rolled into the sunset without a penny in compensation.