They have as their top line, their middle line and their bottom line the profits they can take out of it.
And please, nobody tell me that the £72 billion paid out in dividends has been reinvested in the British economy.
It is in tax havens all over the world.
We are subsidising tax havens all over the world on the back of our polluted and privatised water industry.
Clause 2 relates to the commission on water, which is a fascinating proposal.
The commission would include representatives of water companies—which are privatised at the moment but would hopefully be publicly owned—union representatives in the water industry, environmental or conservation groups, water users, which would be local businesses, and local authorities.
I strongly support public ownership of water, but I do not envisage a situation in which the Prime Minister, as a gift to his friends, puts them all on a British water board.
I would like to retain the existing system of managing river basin areas—Thames, Severn Trent and so on.
That makes sense, because that is where the primary water supply comes from.
That would be managed through a commission that includes the workforce, trade unions, all the local authorities in the area, local businesses, because they use water and supply services locally, and   others who can be appointed from elsewhere.
We would have public buy-in to the structure, which would give us a much better and more democratic system.
I urge Members to look with some imagination at what the hon.
Member for Norwich South has put forward.
Some say, “We can’t possibly bring this into public ownership because it might cost money.”
The 1945 Labour Government started by nationalising the Bank of England in 1946 and went on to bring many other industries into public ownership.
Even the Ted Heath Government in 1971 brought Rolls-Royce into public ownership and created Rolls-Royce (1971) Ltd because the company was failing.
The agreed share price was set by Parliament—it was not set by the market in all those cases.
We can do the same in this case.
Resolved,
That an Humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give directions that there be laid before this House a Return of the Report from the Right Honourable Sir Alan Moses, Chairman of the Spoliation Advisory Panel, dated  28 March 2025 , in respect of the painting “Aeneas and his Family Fleeing Burning Troy” by Henry Gibbs now in the possession of the Tate Gallery.—(Gen Kitchen.)
I beg to move, That the House sit in private.
Question put forthwith ( Standing Order No.
163 )
The House divided: Ayes 0, Noes 44.
Question accordingly negatived.
Second Reading
I beg to move, That the Bill be now read a Second time.
I draw the House’s attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
Around 50 years ago, Margaret Thatcher’s revolution tore up the rulebook on political and economic management.
She rewrote it with a single unwavering principle: that the pursuit of profit would serve the public good, even when it came to vital public services—even when it came to water.
We often say that society stands on the shoulders of giants, but giants cast long shadows, and Thatcherism’s shadow looms dark over our water system today.
Whether we see ourselves standing on her shoulders or trapped in her shadow, one thing is undeniable: she proved that the world can be made differently.
And if it can be made differently once, it can be made differently again.
That, as the brilliant anthropologist David Graeber understood, is the hidden truth of the world.
It is something we create and can choose to create anew.
We can do it better.