I think we have heard that many Members have made their minds up about the form of ownership, and they are determined to have nationalisation.
So if the citizens’ assembly came to a conclusion that was not in favour of nationalisation, I would have to ask people whether they agreed with the citizens’ assembly—in which case, what is the point of this House?—or whether they would ignore the citizens’ assembly, in which case, what is the point of the citizens’ assembly?
That is one of the challenges: we can set up this lengthy and expensive process and then it does not necessarily hold any sway.
I was going through the provisions in clause 4, and as we get into the details of the citizens’ assembly, I sense that there is an appetite to discuss that.
Perhaps I can continue my remarks before I take any further interventions, or we will be here all day—but I suppose that that is what today is for.
The commission would support the work of the citizens’ assembly.
Clause 4(2) states that
“the Commission on Water must undertake a public consultation on water ownership in which all individuals who use water and sewerage services in England and Wales can participate.”
Hallelujah to that—to a strong, well-founded public consultation!
We can all go out to our constituencies and do roundtables, knock on doors and ask people what they have to say about water.
However, I think that most of us have had quite a strong indication about that from our constituents, in our mailboxes and from our time on doorsteps—I have not got into all the issues in the waterways in Hackney, which are utterly appalling in relation to sewage discharge.
We need to make sure that we have that public consultation.
If the hon.
Member is so aware of the overwhelming public support for public ownership of water, as she just indicated from the level of concern in her constituency, I am confused about why she is so dogged in her pursuit of continued privatisation.
I urge the hon.
Lady to listen to what I say.
I did not say that I had people saying overwhelmingly that they wanted public ownership—certainly not.
They are saying that there is a problem, and saying, “You lot are in government.
You need to sort it out.”
Over the last 20 years that I have been in this place, and particularly in the last Parliament, there has been endless discussion about how to resolve this situation, and stasis in the Government.
We now have a Government who have acted to begin to tackle some of these huge challenges.
I give real credit to the Minister, who has engaged massively with Members across the House on this.
She is absolutely aware of the issues, partly because many of us across the House have lobbied her, because our constituents have lobbied us.
I do not think there is doubt about the problem; the issue is about the solution.
We should absolutely have a big public consultation, but that is to inform the work of the citizens’ assembly.
Clause 4(3) states that the citizens’ assembly must
“be composed of a randomly selected representative sample of users of water and sewerage services in England and Wales, and…consider any matters which the Commission refers to it in relation to water ownership.”
I want to be clear that that will be a randomly selected representative sample of users, and the Bill is silent on the model.
I appreciate what  the hon.
Member for North Herefordshire (Ellie Chowns)  highlighted—that there is a science to doing this—but the Bill is silent on how it would be done.
To return to the construction of citizens’ assemblies, I take on board the point about the concept that is being used locally, but when one has to travel 10 minutes to a meeting on an evening after work, it is a very different order of magnitude—
Will the hon.