That is why I was disappointed to learn that the Government’s supposedly independent commission on the water sector regulatory system is not being allowed—despite being independent—to consider public ownership as one of the options, though I note with interest the establishment of the people’s commission on the water sector, which will look into this option as part of its broader scope.
This is a subject on which I value the hon.
Lady’s opinion.
My greatest concern about this Bill is the people’s commission, and I wonder if she could assuage my concern.
I fear that setting up an alternative representative body impinges on the rights of this Chamber, which is the prime expression of democracy in the UK, and that the two could be brought into conflict.
It is a big concern for me.
Is there anything that she can say to assuage my concern?
If hon.
Members of this House feel threatened by the setting up of a citizens’ assembly in order to gather views, that may be an indication of the weakness of the democracy that we have in this place.
I really value the contribution that citizens’ assemblies can make.
They have been used in other countries, notably Ireland.
They are not a replacement for the House of Commons, but they can add valuable extra detail.
rose—
I think my hon.
Friend is about to chip in with an example.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that we have the example of the citizens’ assembly on climate change, which was established jointly by six Select Committees of this House a couple of years ago?
I agree with my hon.
Friend, and I would also point to the citizens’ assembly set up by Bristol city council.
Citizens’ assemblies are particularly strong at looking in depth at detailed, specific questions, rather than broad topics to do with how the entire country is run.
I see citizens’ assemblies not as replacing the role of the House of Commons, but as supplementing it valuably.
Will the hon.
Lady give way?
I will make some progress.
On a point of order, Madam Deputy Speaker.
May I ask for your direction?
This is a debate, and there is no time limit.
Is there any way of pressing a Member to answer a question during a debate, or to at least allow a debate to occur?
I had a follow-up question that the hon.
Member seems reluctant to allow.
The hon.
Gentleman knows that it is entirely up to the Member who is speaking to decide whether they wish to take or reject an intervention, just as it is up to Members attempting to make an intervention to either persist in the attempt or not.
We will let the debate continue, but the hon.
Gentleman is right to say that there is plenty of time.
The provision of water—
Will the hon.
Lady give way?
One last time, though the hon.
Member is pushing it.
I am very grateful.
The reason why I persist is that the issue of a citizens’ assembly has come up.
My previous question was: how could a Government—any Government—bind the actions of a future democratically elected Government?
A citizens’ assembly does not have the power to do that.
I am intrigued; how can the Greens believe that a citizens’ assembly could bind a future Government, of any political persuasion, to not re-privatising our water industry?
Of course a current Government cannot bind a future Government on a decision like that indefinitely, and I was not suggesting that they could, but as I pointed out, as England is one of very few countries on the entire planet with a fully privatised water system, I suspect and hope that if we returned to a public system, it would be more likely to stay public, as both elected representatives and the public would see that the system performed better when the profit motive was removed.