The commission would include representatives of water companies—which are privatised at the moment but would hopefully be publicly owned—union representatives in the water industry, environmental or conservation groups, water users, which would be local businesses, and local authorities.
I strongly support public ownership of water, but I do not envisage a situation in which the Prime Minister, as a gift to his friends, puts them all on a British water board.
I would like to retain the existing system of managing river basin areas—Thames, Severn Trent and so on.
That makes sense, because that is where the primary water supply comes from.
That would be managed through a commission that includes the workforce, trade unions, all the local authorities in the area, local businesses, because they use water and supply services locally, and   others who can be appointed from elsewhere.
We would have public buy-in to the structure, which would give us a much better and more democratic system.
I urge Members to look with some imagination at what the hon.
Member for Norwich South has put forward.
Some say, “We can’t possibly bring this into public ownership because it might cost money.”
The 1945 Labour Government started by nationalising the Bank of England in 1946 and went on to bring many other industries into public ownership.
Even the Ted Heath Government in 1971 brought Rolls-Royce into public ownership and created Rolls-Royce (1971) Ltd because the company was failing.
The agreed share price was set by Parliament—it was not set by the market in all those cases.
We can do the same in this case.
The right hon.
Gentleman and I stood for election in 2019 on a manifesto of public ownership of the utilities and water companies.
It cost me my job, and the public decided to give Labour the worst electoral thumping in our history.
Will he take some responsibility for that?
Does he reflect on the point that what he is advocating has already been rejected by this country?
I thank the hon.
Member for that incredibly friendly and helpful intervention.
I am most grateful to him for the collegiate way in which he put that; I could not put it better myself.
That manifesto included public ownership of water and other services because those industries needed to come into public ownership; they were failing.
The policies in that manifesto were all well in the plus category—more than 70% supported public ownership of water.
This might be uncomfortable for him, but the Labour party actually received more votes publicly and nationally in 2019 than it did in the recent general election.
We have an electoral system that is unbelievably unfair, and which brought about an enormous majority on a very low total vote.
We can all play with the numbers.
I do not resile from what was in that manifesto, because it was put there by people who worked in the industry.
The GMB and other unions took part in the consultation that brought about that policy on water.
I urge the hon.
Member to consider the Bill put forward by my friend the hon.
Member for Norwich South, and to recognise that it is an opportunity to do something different.
There has been a lot of to-ing and fro-ing about having a commission, or a citizens’ assembly.
Why is everybody so scared of a citizens’ assembly?
What is the big problem with it?
Is it something in Members’ heads?
What is going on?
Why would anyone be so worried about it?
Citizens get together and put forward a proposal.
We do not have to agree it or accept it, and it does not take away the powers of Parliament.
It gives an opportunity for randomly selected ordinary citizens to put forward a point of view.
That was done a lot in Scotland when we were talking about devolution.