I think we would all agree that we talk all the time to constituents, whether on doorsteps or at public meetings and other forums, because that is our job.
I say to constituents every week when I am on their doorsteps, “I am here because I need your expertise.
I can’t do my job without you.”
But it is a cumbersome task to be on a citizens’ assembly as it requires people to devote a great deal of time, and only a certain subset of society has the time to do that.
Many of my constituents are working three or four jobs and struggling to survive.
They do not have the time to do that, but their voices need to be heard, too.
I declare experience in this area in that, through Herefordshire council, I set up a citizens’ assembly.
A process called sortition is used to ensure a fully representative sample.
Participants are paid for their time so that people of all socioeconomic backgrounds can participate, and additional efforts are made to ensure that under-represented groups can participate.
Will the hon.
Lady acknowledge that such an institution might be more representative of the general public than this House, in which two thirds of MPs were elected by only a third of the electorate?
I will be careful not to try your patience, Madam Deputy Speaker.
We could have an endless debate about the difference between selecting people through the sortition process—I am well aware of how that works—and how our electoral system works, but, in the end, we face our electorate, and they can reject us.
Many colleagues have been sacked on television at 4 o’clock in the morning because the electorate rejected them or their party.
There is no same power over a citizen’s assembly.
Let us be clear.
Perhaps I should talk in a bit more detail about clause 4 of the Bill as proposed.
Subsection (1) says:
“Within four months of being established under subsection (3), the Commission on Water must establish a Citizens’ Assembly on Water Ownership…to…consider different models of water ownership, and…make recommendations for reforms to water ownership and governance.”
It is deeply patronising to suggest to my constituents that they would be guaranteed the same job after serving on a citizens’ assembly.
We cannot force or compel McDonald’s to retain people on zero-hours contracts, which, thankfully, the Government will scrap.
But is it not typical of the Green party to shirk responsibility to a citizens’ assembly?
On housing, wind farms and onshore energy, we see the Green party shirking responsibilities in Bristol, Brighton and the east of England, and this similar situation is a classic example.
I certainly recognise the point about job security.
Many of my constituents work three or four jobs and are struggling to survive.
I would like to inform the House that the Employment Rights Bill outlaws exploitative zero-hours contracts, and that is something that Members—especially Government Members—should talk about constantly.
Absolutely, and that is a yet another example of why it is good to have a Labour Government.
I thank my hon.
Friend for highlighting clause 4(1)(a), in particular.
I was quite disappointed by the response from  the hon.
Member for Bristol Central (Carla Denyer)  to my very sincere intervention.
I think we have heard that many Members have made their minds up about the form of ownership, and they are determined to have nationalisation.
So if the citizens’ assembly came to a conclusion that was not in favour of nationalisation, I would have to ask people whether they agreed with the citizens’ assembly—in which case, what is the point of this House?—or whether they would ignore the citizens’ assembly, in which case, what is the point of the citizens’ assembly?
That is one of the challenges: we can set up this lengthy and expensive process and then it does not necessarily hold any sway.