Relevant factors of course include population growth in parts of the country, and urbanisation and development.
The point of how we deal with this in planning has been raised and it is absolutely vital that water supply is built into new developments and the new towns the Government are proposing and all the housing developments that we hope to see.
Climate change has obviously been a factor as well, as is unsustainable abstraction when water is removed from the natural environment.
I will not try your patience, Madam Deputy Speaker, but the issue of chalk streams in this country is a scandal, and once damaged they are  gone forever.
We have been raping our environment for water company profit and that has to stop.
We have also seen growth in water-intensive industries such as data centres, which are causing issues for electricity but also for water, and we need a proper planning process for that.
So a lot of this does come back to the Government’s stance in taking a genuinely proactive approach, making sure that planning is not a blocker but actually helps deliver the solutions we need.
In 2022, the Government updated Ofwat’s strategic policy statement to include an objective for the regulator to “increase resilience” in the long term.
In 2024, the national infrastructure commission recommended that the Government and Ofwat ensure that water companies’ plans were sufficient to increase water supplies to meet demand for an additional 4,800 megalitres per day by 2050.
The numbers are all very well, but we know there is a big challenge now.
The Government will be publishing an updated national framework for water in the summer—I do not think my hon.
Friend the Minister ever gets a holiday, with the amount of work that she has to do.
Basically, we have water, but not in the places that we need it.
We have not built a reservoir for decades.
As a child of the 1976 drought—unbelievable, but true—I remember the impact that had on behaviour.
In my case, we did not have standpipes in the street, but many families in this country had to go with a bottle to a standpipe in the street to get their water.
Water is always a precious commodity, but we really learned that then.
We were told not to leave the tap running when washing up or cleaning our teeth.
I do not want to lecture people, but we should all keep to those habits.
I learned those habits about water preservation at the age of seven—I will admit it—and they have never left me.
That was a serious crisis in 1976, but here we are in 2025, facing many of the same challenges.
I do not envy my hon.
Friend the Minister for the challenges she is seeking to address.
The Government are acting.
The Water (Special Measures) Act has been introduced and includes, quite properly, criminal liability for water executives.
They cannot hide behind the corporate body and say it was someone else’s fault; we have to have people stepping up.
In over a decade on the Public Accounts Committee, I learned that failure is always an orphan.
We used to call it “public accounts tennis”.
We would say, “Who was in charge?
Who was responsible?”
and people would all look at each other, waiting to see who would jump forward.
Introducing criminal liability sounds draconian, and it is, but it is vital that those who are heading up operations of this importance, and being paid the pay that they are to deliver them, take real responsibility and ensure they have systems in place in their organisations.
If the buck stops with them, they will take it very seriously.
The criminal liability includes imprisonment for water executives when companies fail to co-operate or obstruct investigations.
The Act also introduces a bonus ban for chief executives and senior leaders unless high standards are met on protecting the environment, consumers and financial resilience.