The day after the seizure of public assets that my hon.
Friend is describing, billions and billions of pounds of debt will come with it.
What does he propose to do with that debt, other than refinancing, which is exactly where we are at now with the industry  requirement to refinance the debt to try to keep bills down?
Instead, he is advocating that the public purse take on that private debt.
At the beginning of my now seemingly rather long speech, I think I referred to a failure of imagination.
Ask what Margaret Thatcher would have done when she was faced with similar problems.
She would have fought her way through it.
She changed the very fabric of our economy, our democracy and our politics, and she made it work.
We can do the same, because the public are behind us.
They want this to work.
rose—
rose—
I will make some progress.
Let us recap, because I do not want to go on too long; I want to conclude, if I can.
That money from Thames Water—that half a billion pounds in interest payments—will keep a rotten system afloat for just a little longer.
The myth of privatisation is that the private sector will act in the long-term interests of the British public because it wants to turn a profit.
That is preposterous, as is proven by the state of our water, and exhibit A is Thames Water.
We can now turn to the question of where the investment will come from.
Under public ownership, it will come from the only place it ever should have—from us, the public—and every penny of it will go back into the system.
It will go into the pipes, the rivers, the seas we swim in and the water we drink.
There will be a direct relationship between what we pay and what we get, with no offshore dividends, no bloated bonuses and no debt-laden shell games—just clean, accountable, democratic water.
When I was in Afghanistan, every soldier had one critical duty: to stay hydrated.
To dehydrate was considered a military offence, because it put the soldier and their team at risk.
If someone ran out of water, we did not debate markets or metrics; we shared what we had.
We had each other’s backs.
As the desert-dwelling Fremen in James Herbert’s novel “Dune” believed:
“A man’s flesh is his own; the water belongs to the tribe”.
It is time our water returned to the tribe, to the people, to the public.
We can do better; we must, and with this Bill, we will.
I commend it to the House.
rose—
Before I call the next Member, I trust that the microphones have been adjusted to their normal level.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker, for that hospital pass.
I will make a note not to follow  the hon.
Member for Norwich South (Clive Lewis)  again, if I can help it.
I will just try to do a good job, and perhaps not to speak for quite as long.
I am delighted to be here to discuss and support this Bill, and I thank the hon.
Member for bringing it forward.
It will be no surprise to anyone here that I am  absolutely in favour of this Bill to fix the despicable situation of our waterways.
To do that, we need to bring water back into public ownership.
This issue is so important to me and my Green colleagues that we tabled the first early-day motion of this Parliament on the public ownership of water.
We highlighted that sewage was
“being discharged into English waterways for more than 3.6 million hours in 2023…that water companies in England have incurred debts of more than £64 billion and paid out £78 billion in dividends”—
note the similarity of those numbers—
“since they were privatised debt-free in 1989”.