Madam Deputy Speaker, I do not want to try your patience, so I will move on from the Green party, because the subject of the debate is the Water Bill that my hon.
Friend the Member for Norwich South has put forward.
I want to talk about the challenges that we are seeing in water.
Nobody would argue that there is not a problem we are having to deal with.
I take the example of my wonderful constituency of Hackney South and Shoreditch and the amazing resource that is the River Lea.
It runs through my constituency, starting further up beyond London.
We do not have the figures for 2024 yet, but in 2023 there were 1,060 instances of sewage discharge into the River Lea.
That amounted to 11,502 hours of sewage discharge from storm overflows.
If that is not bad enough, it is almost double the figure from 2022, when sewage was discharged into the River Lea for 5,891 hours.
It has been getting worse.
We have been raising this issue in the House, and in the last Parliament not enough happened to tackle it.
Now, thank goodness, we have a Labour Government who are beginning to act and make sure that water companies are taken into account.
The water quality of the Lea has had a damning assessment: an overall classification of bad, failing on chemical standards and bad ecological health.
It is a tragedy that we worked so hard to get our waterways cleaned up during the run-up to the 2012 Olympics, which was a major boost to east London, but we now have bad ecological health.
On a hot, sunny day on Hackney Marshes—sadly no longer in my constituency after the boundary changes —people can be seen swimming in the river, and that is not a place they should be swimming.
It is one of the most polluted rivers in the country, but it should be a blue lung for east Londoners.
We need to get this problem tackled.
The hon.
Member is making an important point about river pollution, and she is absolutely right.
Would she agree that there is also a planning issue?
There are too many paved spaces, and not enough run-off is available to go into the ground water.
We need a holistic approach that includes much more assertive planning policies on drainage.
Otherwise, we end up with sewage in our rivers during periods of heavy rainfall.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for that—I say “Friend” because the right hon.
Gentleman and I served very effectively together in Islington when he was the MP and I was a junior councillor for eight years in his patch, so I know his passion in this area.
On run-offs, it is interesting that some councils are still behind on planning issues, so in some areas people are still allowed to pave over their front gardens, and in others they are expected to put in blocks for the tyres of vehicles, with drain-aways or soakaways around them.
We need much more of that.
I have been involved in that debate for 30 years, and the right hon.
Gentleman has been involved for even longer—I bow to his experience—yet we still see challenges in the planning system not allowing for that.
We await the full detail of the planning changes, but I really welcome the Government’s move to look at planning differently, ensuring that we are building this sort of resilience into our areas.
We have small areas of flood risk in my constituency, around the Lea valley, so we need to ensure, if it is appropriate to build homes there, that we manage that risk through some of these mitigations.
That is very important, because what also happens is that rubbish is  washed down from the streets to the canal side—we have just talked about the River Lea—and many of my canal dwellers are concerned, as I am sure are the right hon.