That, as the brilliant anthropologist David Graeber understood, is the hidden truth of the world.
It is something we create and can choose to create anew.
We can do it better.
Today, I want to show this House and this country that water is the lens through which we can imagine something better—a better way of running our economy, a better way of safeguarding our environment and a better way of empowering the public, for whom democracy supposedly exists.
But that requires something very difficult: it requires us to break free from the constraints of our imagination and to let go of the idea that this economic model is all there is or all there ever could be.
It saddens me to say that the Government’s Water (Special Measures) Act 2025 perfectly exemplifies this failure of imagination.
One of its leading proponents has a particular rhetorical flourish they love to use when dismissing calls for public ownership of water.
They say, “I’m more interested in the purity of our water than the purity of our ideology.”
I love that quote.
I love it because it lays bare just how deeply the ideology of privatisation, and all that goes with it, has embedded itself.
So entrenched is it within our collective consciousness that we no longer recognise it as an ideology.
We no longer see it for what it is: a systemic exploitation of a common resource for private gain.
Instead, it has simply become the natural order of things.
But how much longer can this go on?
Since the crash of 2008, this ideology has been faltering under the weight of its own contradictions, yet its grip on British politics remains vice-like.
Austerity, exploitation and corporate price gouging are still treated not as choices but as inevitabilities.
Why?
Because too many politicians on both sides of the House refuse to contemplate alternatives.
For those on the other side of the House—on the Opposition Benches—I get it: this is their ideology.
They are defending their class, and I would imagine they would go further still if they could.
But on this side of the House, we have no excuse.
We should be standing up for our class: working-class people—the public.
Instead, we wrap their ideology in the language of fiscal responsibility, economic prudence and stewardship of the economy.
But it is not fiscal responsibility when we   balance the books on broken backs.
It is not stewardship when the ship has been sold off and the crew left to drown.
It is not prudence.
It is power maintenance.
I hope the engineers can check that the microphones and speakers are working while I ask a quick question.
My hon.
Friend mentions Members on this side of the House.
There are far more of us on this side since July last year than there were in 2019, with a very different approach taken in our manifestos.
Does he fear that the shift in tone he is suggesting is one of the reasons that we did so badly in 2019 but so well last year?
No, I do not.
We have a distorted electoral system.
Bring on proportional representation, because if we had PR, we would have had a different Government in 2019 and most definitely in 2017.
Sometimes politicians have to do what they believe to be right and lead from the front.
I think we should lead from the front.
I compliment the hon.
Member on his Bill.
To help his argument, there was overwhelming opinion poll support for public ownership of water in 2017 and 2019, and there still is today.
I thank the right hon.
Member for his point.