This  is more a question for the promoter of the Bill.
If the hon.
Member for Norwich South wishes to intervene, I would be happy to give way on this point.
May I make a more general point?
If the Bill went into Committee, we would look at this in far more detail, but a big part of the Bill is about a mission and our direction of travel.
It is about tackling the crisis in democracy, and trusting our fellow citizens to give a point of view, with guidance from experts, so that we can make a decision.
When the founders of the renaissance or capitalism sat down, did they know that the renaissance would happen, or that capitalism would end up like this?
No.
This is about heading in a certain direction and having some imagination—
Order.
Interventions should be short.
I thank the hon.
Member for Norwich South for that helpful reply to  the hon.
Member for Bermondsey and Old Southwark (Neil Coyle) .
I am just doing my best to facilitate debate here, and I hope that you, Madam Deputy Speaker, will appreciate the congenial atmosphere that I am trying to create.
I do not know whether it is working; please let me know later.
It is working for us.
Well, there you go.
Thank you very much indeed.
I will finish with a couple of points.
This country now suffers serious flooding almost every year.
We have all experienced the pain that our constituents and others face as a result.
Part, but not all, of that is brought about by unusual weather patterns and excessive rainfall.
We also need to think seriously about natural river management and natural flood prevention; that is specified in the Bill, and is important.
The city of York, for example, is at a confluence of rivers.
It has always been in danger of flooding, because it has these rivers flowing into it.
There could be a combination of solutions.
One is, yes, flood defence walls, concrete barriers and so on to protect central York from flooding.
However, there is also the management of what happens upstream.
If we deforest further upstream, build on floodplains and prevent the river following its natural course, we end up with flooding.
There are lots of small-scale natural defences one can have against flooding, such as not building on floodplains, having rivers meandering rather than flowing in straight lines, and letting beavers build their dams on streams and so on.
There are a whole lot of solutions, all of which add up to something valuable and good.
That will not be thought about by water companies; it is done with imagination.
Farmers in Shropshire are promoting exactly that kind of solution.
Likewise, what happened with the River Parrett, which had excessive flooding, has partly been resolved—but not completely—by the Environment Agency recreating peat bogs up in the hills.
There are a lot of things that we can do, but they require imagination.
A water company, whose sole interest is in making money out of the water industry, will not be interested in that.
That is why the public must have a voice in this process, and that is what the Bill ensures.
The levels of pollution are truly shocking—the sewage that flows in and the danger to all of us.
The water we drink is not pure and it is not clean, because there is a limit to how much scrubbing of water can be done to make it clean.
We end up drinking all kinds of foul things in our water, not to mention the microplastics that exist because of the excessive use of plastic water bottles as people do not trust the water supply.
It breaks my heart.
Every day I walk up Seven Sisters Road and outside every shop is a great stack of plastic bottles of water, because people do not trust the water.