Under this Bill, if a water company breaches the terms of its licence with a major sewage discharge, it can forget shareholder payout and piling on more debt.
If it does it twice, it is in the last chance saloon.
After three strikes, it is out—licence terminated and on its bike—and those price-gouging, asset-stripping, river-killing vulture capitalist outfits will be rolled into the sunset without a penny in compensation.
What about those water infrastructure assets that they have been sweating for private gain?
They go back into  the public realm, thank you very much.
If they start whining about debts, do not worry: we will do a full audit of what they invested, what they racked up in debt, what they paid out in dividends and what they stuffed into bloated executive pay packets.
I will tell you this, Madam Deputy Speaker: I am yet to see a single privatised English water company walk away with anything other than a well-earned spanking and a sharp haircut for its creditors.
Those assets will belong to the public once again, and we will not pay a penny more than they are worth.
I can hear people thinking, “Where will the money come from?
How will you invest in publicly owned water without the private sector?”
I will tell them where it has not come from in these past 35 years—I am mind-reading again.
Will my hon.
Friend give way?
I will just make some progress, and then I will give way.
I am on a roll.
Let me tell the House where the money has not come from for these past 35 years.
It has not come from private shareholders or long-term thinking, and it certainly has not come from some mythical well of benevolent capitalism.
The private companies have put in less than nothing; in fact, they have racked up more than £60 billion in debt.
Thames Water has paid more than £7.2 billion in dividends since privatisation, and is now £15.2 billion in debt and counting—work that out.
Now, it is trying to plug the hole with a £3 billion emergency loan that will cost 10% in annual interest.
That is more than half a billion pounds a year, just for interest payments, courtesy of our bills.
That money will not build a reservoir, fix a pipe or clean a river, but it will keep a rotten system afloat for a little longer.
My hon.
and gallant Friend makes an impassioned case for public ownership—something that, in the right context, I am sure Members on all sides of the House can celebrate.
On the point about the cost of financing to the public, though, does he agree that while there are some serious indiscretions in parts of the industry, such as in Thames Water’s case, this conversation about the appropriate financing model would be better entertained at a time when the cost of capital in the private water industry was not lower than the cost of public sector borrowing, on which, of course, we are in a very difficult situation?
The cheapest borrowing in the country, without a doubt, is public sector borrowing.
The private water industry, which has had 35 years to sort this mess out, is not going to find investment.
It is up to its eyeballs in debt.
It is relying on a 50% increase in our bills by 2030, if we include inflation, and that is in the middle of a cost of living crisis.
How can we justify that?
The answer is that we cannot.
The day after the seizure of public assets that my hon.
Friend is describing, billions and billions of pounds of debt will come with it.
What does he propose to do with that debt, other than refinancing, which is exactly where we are at now with the industry  requirement to refinance the debt to try to keep bills down?