We await the full detail of the planning changes, but I really welcome the Government’s move to look at planning differently, ensuring that we are building this sort of resilience into our areas.
We have small areas of flood risk in my constituency, around the Lea valley, so we need to ensure, if it is appropriate to build homes there, that we manage that risk through some of these mitigations.
That is very important, because what also happens is that rubbish is  washed down from the streets to the canal side—we have just talked about the River Lea—and many of my canal dwellers are concerned, as I am sure are the right hon.
Gentleman’s, about the rubbish that has to be collected.
Research by Thames21 and University College London shows that the amount of faecal E. coli bacteria in the River Lea regularly exceeds international standards.
It pains me to have to say this, because I love my constituency and think that part of my job is to big it up and tell everyone the great things about it, but sometimes we just have to call out the problems, unfortunately, and this is a real concern.
My constituency is served by Thames Water, of course.
Thames Water discharged sewage into the Thames for more than 300,000 hours in 2024, but what is really shocking is that only four years earlier sewage was discharged for just under 19,000 hours—18,443 hours.
We thought that was bad and it has exponentially increased, and there is 50% more sewage than in 2023 when sewage was discharged into the Thames for 196,000 hours.
London is an international city; it is unbelievable that our river is so dirty and we need to get this resolved.
Nationally, none of our rivers is considered to be in good chemical health according to the Rivers Trust.
That means every river in England contains chemicals that are known to cause harm, and figures published just yesterday by the Environment Agency revealed that untreated sewage, including human waste, wet wipes and condoms, was released into waterways for more than 3.62 million hours in 2024.
In 2016—just eight years before that data—the comparable figure was 100,533 hours.
We are seeing a really big deterioration, and that is why we need to act.
I look forward to hearing from my hon.
Friend the Minister about some of the actions the Government are taking to tackle this.
If sewage on its own is not a reason to look at how we tackle water, the problem of security of supply is a very big concern.
I had the privilege of chairing the Public Accounts Committee for nine years, having also served on the Committee for longer, and in 2020 we found that there is a serious risk that the country will run out of water in the next 20 years.
We were not a Committee that tended to use hyperbole; we were looking at the facts.
We would build our reports on work by the National Audit Office, and we would question witnesses about it.
The timescale for that risk was 20 years, so we are already five years into that programme.
My hon.
Friend the Minister and the Government face a great challenge to try and resolve this in such a short time, because 15 years is not as long as it seems when we are dealing with such big issues.
Security of supply is threatened by increasing demand and diminishing supply.
Relevant factors of course include population growth in parts of the country, and urbanisation and development.
The point of how we deal with this in planning has been raised and it is absolutely vital that water supply is built into new developments and the new towns the Government are proposing and all the housing developments that we hope to see.
Climate change has obviously been a factor as well, as is unsustainable abstraction when water is removed from the natural environment.