It is the same with water companies—it is not as easy as saying, “One day it’s private, and the next day it’s national.
No problem at all.”
The upheaval would be immense, so we need a measured plan, and I think this Government have begun to develop that plan, for all the reasons I will outline.
I will talk a little about what the Government will do to improve the situation, and then I will talk about the Bill, but I want first to touch on the comments of  the hon.
Member for Bristol Central (Carla Denyer) .
I am very interested in her passionate commitment to citizens’ juries.
She has been elected, which is a privilege as we all know, to represent her constituents in this place, yet months after her election, she wants to pass responsibility for this big, difficult decision to a citizens’ jury, rather than taking responsibility for that decision as an elected MP.
I think it is important to correct the misapprehension among some Government Members, which may arise from an inadvertent misreading of the Bill.
Clause 4, on the citizens’ assembly on water ownership, at subsection (4), simply says:
“The Commission must publish the recommendations of the Citizens’ Assembly.”
It does not say, “This House will hereby delegate responsibility for making decisions about water sector ownership to the Citizens’ Assembly.”
It simply suggests setting up a structure, which, as I said, has already been used by the House to provide the opportunity for the general public to consider in depth an issue of complexity.
My point is clear.
Just as, many years ago, a certain Mr Ratner famously talked about the price of a prawn sandwich in Marks & Spencer and the price of earrings in his store, people do not want to be on the board of Marks & Spencer to get a decent prawn sandwich; they just want to be able to buy a decent prawn sandwich, and while my political foundations are in devolution, neighbourhood structures, working and listening to people, ultimately we must responsibility ourselves.
I am looking at clause 4, as the hon.
Lady highlighted.
I have been around for many years, but one of the challenges about citizens’ juries is that while we can have this engagement, they are lengthy and costly, and we know that not everybody attends the whole time.
How would we select people?
There are many challenges in setting them up.
rose—
Order.
I remind the hon.
Member that interventions should be short.
I remind the House briefly that all these issues are well investigated and understood, and the House has previously used this mechanism effectively.
Well, in my experience of 20 years in the House, this system has been used once, and that was in 2019, by a selection of Select Committees, not by the Government of the day.
I am aware that the first debates about citizens’ juries were 30 or so years ago, and there are many challenges to delivering them.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that one of the concerns with citizens’ assemblies is about gaining the confidence of the public?
When some people see opinion polls, they say, “Well, I wasn’t interviewed, so I have no confidence in it.”
Secondly, there would be no power to compel someone to be on a citizens’ assembly, so how could people have confidence in a body that contains only those who were willing to take part?
Absolutely.
I think we would all agree that we talk all the time to constituents, whether on doorsteps or at public meetings and other forums, because that is our job.
I say to constituents every week when I am on their doorsteps, “I am here because I need your expertise.
I can’t do my job without you.”