We end up drinking all kinds of foul things in our water, not to mention the microplastics that exist because of the excessive use of plastic water bottles as people do not trust the water supply.
It breaks my heart.
Every day I walk up Seven Sisters Road and outside every shop is a great stack of plastic bottles of water, because people do not trust the water.
Would it not be nice if we totally trusted our water and did not feel the need endlessly to buy plastic bottles of water to keep us going through the day?
Last Saturday, I took part in a local people’s forum in my constituency.
We invited people to come to discuss water and the water supply.
The hall was completely full and the forum was also followed online by a number of other people.
We had two excellent speakers: Johnbosco Nwogbo from We Own It, and Laura Reineke from Friends of the Thames.
They both spoke with passion, knowledge and interest.
We then threw open the discussion for questions and asked each table to come up with their ideas.
The commonality was: clean water; ownership and control; the cost of water; and anger and irritation at Thames Water’s lack of investment in the pipe network, including the lack of re-sleeving of the Victorian mains in so many places.
We have had major floods on Isledon Road, Stroud Green Road, Holloway Road and Seven Sisters Road in the recent past, not to mention one in the constituency of Hackney North and Stoke Newington—not the constituency of  the hon.
Member for Hackney South and Shoreditch (Dame Meg Hillier) , who has been speaking today—which flooded into our area.
The Sobell leisure centre, near where I live, was flooded out.
It is now two and a half years later and the restitution works for the damage done are just being completed.
That is the irresponsibility of Thames Water not investing in the network, wasting money in the short term by digging up short sections of road, replacing the pipe, filling it in again and coming back the next month to dig up another bit of road 100 metres away to do exactly the same thing.
We need a much more coherent and comprehensive approach.