It needs to be done, but we are finding it hard to bring submarines into port to repair them.
It has been left for decades, and has now fallen to this Government to resolve.
I gather that the first one is now being decommissioned—thanks, again, to a Labour Government being in power.
We have real problems at the animal health centre in Weybridge, where we do not have space to deal with two zoonotic diseases at the same time.
To deal with these difficult diseases, the centre has special facilities so that no contaminants can escape.
If we were hit by two zoonotic diseases in this country, we would be in a catastrophic situation.
This situation was left by the previous Government, who did not deal with it for 14 years.
Then we have Porton Down.
In 2017, it was going to be moved and rebuilt.
Again, the facility deals with some of the most difficult scientific issues; there could be catastrophic effects if it was not there to deal with them.
What has happened?
There has been no movement at all.
Again, it has fallen to this Government to spend something.
Around £700 million had been spent, but nothing had been achieved.
This Government have picked up the pieces.
I thank my hon.
Friend for making a powerful speech in this debate.
There are a few things to say about the costs.
First, we would control the assets.
The assets would come off the balance sheet, which would be one mitigating factor.
Secondly, throughout the post-war period, with British Leyland, Railtrack in 1945, coal, steel, gas, civil aviation and even the Bank of England, we paid less than the market value.
As I explained at the beginning, this is about a mindset.
We can do an audit of what the companies have taken out —what money they have extracted from our economy—  and then we can pay them an appropriate rate and return.
It may well be that they are paid nothing, but they may get something.
Their creditors may take a haircut, but, frankly, that is better than our constituents taking a continuous haircut with their bills.
I thank my hon.
Friend for that point.
I hear his passion and his helpful iteration of those historic examples.
However, I would also say that we need to be clear about who the shareholders are—very often, they are our pension funds.
Pension fund trustees have a fiduciary duty to ensure they are maximising the income for those pensioners.
If that does not happen, we know that, effectively, the taxpayer picks up the tab.
A reality of privatisation was a drive to have a shareholder society.
We can argue about whether that was the right or wrong thing to do, and I think we would probably agree in many respects on that.
However, that is the reality of the situation now.
Earlier today, before the House was sitting, I was on a call about constituents who had lost money in an investment and are in a desperate situation.
In that case, it was because of criminal activity by a fraudster.
Their life savings have gone.
The people who have invested and bought those shares, often very humble families who have worked hard all their lives, need some compensation.
A student debating society might be tempted to say, “Let’s take it all back, and forget about the impact,” but we cannot forget about the impact, because it often falls on low-paid, hard-working people who are taxpayers too—they would end up paying a double whammy.
I thank the Chair of the Treasury Committee for her wise words about the risks that shareholders take when they invest.
Has she considered the alternative?
At the moment, we are talking about privatisation versus nationalisation, but the alternative is mutualisation, where a water company’s customers would own and control the company on their own behalf.