To help his argument, there was overwhelming opinion poll support for public ownership of water in 2017 and 2019, and there still is today.
I thank the right hon.
Member for his point.
I will come on to this later, and I hope other Members will pick up on it, but the fact that the public are way ahead of this House on the issue of public ownership is one of the reasons why so many people are losing faith in the two-party political system.
One only has to look at some political parties whose Members are not in their place—at the Reform party, for example, which has a policy of public ownership of water.
Yes, its Members will privatise the NHS, but they understand how popular this is, and they are ahead of the curve—they are ahead of us on this side.
Really?
On the issue of water, yes, I would say they are, because whether I like it or not, Reform has a policy for water to be owned 50% by pension companies and 50% by the public.
As much as it grieves me to say it, that is a policy of public ownership.
They are populist; they are listening to a popular voice.
Will my hon.
Friend give way?
I will make some progress and then give way, and I will also try to keep the volume down a little bit.
This is about the maintenance of a political and economic model that was never built to serve the public—a model designed to shield the wealth of asset holders, landlords, shareholders, corporations and, yes, privatised water companies.
But here is the great irony: the very greed, recklessness and contempt of the water industry—its excesses—have cracked open the door, and through that crack, we glimpse an opportunity.
It is an opportunity to shatter the myth of privatisation’s inevitability, to break free from the narrow, self-imposed rules that have  caged our Government’s economic choices, to expose its failures, to challenge its dominance and, above all, to show this country that there is an alternative—an alternative that is democratic, sustainable and run in the interests of the many, not the few.
We can do it better.
My hon.
Friend is making a typically impassioned speech.
He says the general public are ahead of us.
Where might that same public be when faced with the bill for bringing in the nationalisation he is clearly wedded to?
Furthermore, in the event that we do not have to buy the water industry but seize it, the implications of that seizure will cause an economic collapse.
At what point will he take responsibility for either of those scenarios when confronting a public who are, he says, ahead of us on this issue?
I will obviously come to many of those points later in my speech, but let me make this point now: I do not believe in nationalisation, and this Bill has nothing to do with nationalisation.
This is about giving the public a say over their water.
It is about governance, standards and democracy.
Will my hon.
Friend give way?
No, my hon.
Friend has made his point.
On this point?
No, I am going to carry on and make some progress.
You made your point.
Let the public—
Order.
Mr Lewis, I do not believe I was making a point at all.
My apologies, Madam Deputy Speaker; I should have said that my hon.
Friend made his point.
The clock is ticking.
The climate crisis is no longer a distant warning.
It is our lived reality.
Rising droughts, creeping desertification, depleted aquifers, wildfires, systemic collapse—these are no longer projections; they are the forecast turned fact.
Preparing for this future and adapting to what is now inevitable has never been more urgent.
The evidence is sobering.
The UK’s water resources are under mounting pressure and not just from the climate emergency, but from rising demand and population growth.