A citizens’ assembly does not have the power to do that.
I am intrigued; how can the Greens believe that a citizens’ assembly could bind a future Government, of any political persuasion, to not re-privatising our water industry?
Of course a current Government cannot bind a future Government on a decision like that indefinitely, and I was not suggesting that they could, but as I pointed out, as England is one of very few countries on the entire planet with a fully privatised water system, I suspect and hope that if we returned to a public system, it would be more likely to stay public, as both elected representatives and the public would see that the system performed better when the profit motive was removed.
People talk about whether something can be taken out of public control and put back into privatisation.
Of course, Parliament is sovereign and that can always happen, but there is a point about giving control to the public.
Let us take the NHS, which is a public service.
Any Government in the post-war period could have taken the NHS back into privatisation.
Why did they not do so?
They would not have dared, because it would have been so publicly damaging and politically destructive.
That is what would happen with our water.
Does the hon.
Member agree? [
Interruption.]
Order.
May I remind people in the Public Gallery to remain silent?
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for that helpful reminder about the analogy with the national health service.
Public ownership is not just essential for social and environmental justice; it is also, in this situation, a pragmatic necessity.
It just makes sense, which is why almost everyone else does things that way.
With water back in public hands, the Government could invest in fixing the crumbling infrastructure and cleaning up our rivers, or preventing them from getting into such a state in the first place, without haemorrhaging money to shareholders and allowing it to spill over—sorry; I couldn’t resist—into fat cats’ salaries.
People are struggling to put food on the table and heat their homes.
We cannot allow water companies to contribute to that situation by hiking up the bills that everyone has to pay.
Without real change, we will not stop sewage flowing into our rivers and profits flowing into the pockets of shareholders.
There is an obvious answer that makes both people and the environment the winners: if they so choose, the Government could bring water companies back into public hands, to end the profiteering, drive down bills, protect our rivers, waterways and coastline, and catch up with the public who, as the hon.
Member for Norwich South pointed out, are way ahead of the Labour Government on this issue and much else.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend  the Member for Norwich South (Clive Lewis)  on introducing the Bill.
Whatever my position on its detail and on the history of what has happened with our water industry, we would all agree on how important it is to have a proper debate about water.
Unlike many of the Members present today, I have the privilege of having served in the previous Parliament, during which water and sewage discharge were constant topics of conversation.
It is absolutely right that we talk about that and that we act.
I am now proud to be in the party of a Government who have begun to act on the big challenges facing us when it comes to water.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend, too, on the enormous passion that he brings to all the issues that he cares about.
Nobody could say that he does not believe passionately in what he is talking about today.
He is right to shine a light on the failures of the water industry—the profits that people are making while organisations such as Surfers Against Sewage have to deal with the very real issue of paddling through sewage.