To do that, we need to bring water back into public ownership.
This issue is so important to me and my Green colleagues that we tabled the first early-day motion of this Parliament on the public ownership of water.
We highlighted that sewage was
“being discharged into English waterways for more than 3.6 million hours in 2023…that water companies in England have incurred debts of more than £64 billion and paid out £78 billion in dividends”—
note the similarity of those numbers—
“since they were privatised debt-free in 1989”.
We pointed out that
“water companies paid out £1.4 billion in dividends in 2022, even as 11 of them were fined in the same year for missing performance targets”.
Privatisation is just not working.
The experiment has failed.
We are one of the only countries in the world with a fully privatised water system, which shows that it is a bad idea.
Water is a natural monopoly.
For example, people who live in the south-west, as I do, cannot choose to be supplied by Yorkshire Water.
I am not sure that they would want to, but my point is that when their provider gives a poor service and charges extortionate sums, they cannot take their business elsewhere.
There is no fair competition.
You get what you get, and you cannot get upset about it—but we are upset about it, because sewage is being pumped into our water, and we are paying through the nose for the privilege, all while shareholders profit.
On the point about taking business elsewhere, do the Greens have a policy on how to perpetually nationalise an industry?
One of the difficulties is that if we nationalise now, a future Government can do something very different.
What is the Greens’ position on that?
One of the reasons why I support the Bill brought forward by the hon.
Member for Norwich South is that it uses the tool of a citizens’ assembly to ask the public how they think the system should work, and to explore different options, rather than predetermining the exact model.
For clarity, the Green party and I support public ownership of public services, but that does not necessarily mean nationalisation.
Before the water companies were privatised, they were owned regionally, and I think that would be a sensible model this time.
I also think that the citizens’ assembly could look into other forms of public ownership, such as co-operatives.
rose—
rose—
I will make some progress, rather than having a long back and forth.
We are paying through inflated bills, paying with our health, and now we may be paying with our public money, as the Government have said that they are ready to bail out Thames Water, which was privatised in 1989 with no debt.
Since then, it has racked up £14.7 billion in debt and at the same time—note the similarity of these numbers—paid out £10.4 billion to its shareholders.
If that is not a scam, I do not know what is.
Privatisation  was supposed to keep prices down, but it has done the opposite.
More than one third of people’s bills is used to pay interest on debt, or to pay dividends to shareholders.
The Government are taking some steps to improve the situation.
I absolutely welcome those steps, as far as they go, but these issues are not likely to go away without our considering the option, or looking into the possibility, of bringing water companies back into public hands.
That is why I was disappointed to learn that the Government’s supposedly independent commission on the water sector regulatory system is not being allowed—despite being independent—to consider public ownership as one of the options, though I note with interest the establishment of the people’s commission on the water sector, which will look into this option as part of its broader scope.
This is a subject on which I value the hon.
Lady’s opinion.