I appreciate what  the hon.
Member for North Herefordshire (Ellie Chowns)  highlighted—that there is a science to doing this—but the Bill is silent on how it would be done.
To return to the construction of citizens’ assemblies, I take on board the point about the concept that is being used locally, but when one has to travel 10 minutes to a meeting on an evening after work, it is a very different order of magnitude—
Will the hon.
Gentleman give way?
Members cannot intervene on an intervention.
Are you nearing your point?
I am on the cusp of it.
There are cost implications of asking members of the public to travel to another part of the country, and these things are  inevitably in London.
As somebody whose constituency is 250 miles from London, I would be concerned about members of my community being left out of such a consultation.
Order.
Before the hon.
Lady responds to that intervention, I know it is Friday but you do not intervene on an intervention, and interventions are short.
They are not speeches.
I think my hon.
Friend makes some important points.
We have seen from citizens’ juries, including in Ireland, which has a well-worn route for using these for their referenda, that people do drop out and do not always attend, because life gets in the way.
That is why we are elected: to make hard decisions and defend difficult issues.
We cannot make the world like the land of milk and honey—certainly not after the inheritance we received from the last Government after 14 years of mismanagement.
We have very big challenges and we need to tackle them.
It would put heavy pressure on citizens’ juries to do that.
The key point here is that, whatever the best practice, the Bill does not go into the detail of it, so we cannot assume that the good practice that the hon.
Member for North Herefordshire has highlighted from her constituency is necessarily what would apply—let alone the challenges that other hon.
Members have raised.
Turning to the hon.
Member for Bristol Central, I would be surprised that a member of her party is so willing to pass responsibility over, but then I look at what happened in Brighton when the Greens controlled Brighton council.
I will put aside the rubbish collection issue and the infighting and look at the issue with the i360—the tower that is now a tourist attraction.
The company behind it went bust with over £50 million of debt.
It was the Green-run council that provided £36 million of public money to pay for that vanity project, and in the end taxpayers in Brighton and Hove were left £51 million out of pocket and Brighton and Hove council were left to pay £2 million a year for the foreseeable future.
I do not think we need to take any lectures from the Green party about how to manage public money, because when they have been in power, they cannot do it.
No wonder they want to pass responsibility over to a citizens’ jury rather than take responsibility themselves.
I have been diverted, but I think it was useful.
Before I move on to my next point, I will take one more diversion.
It is not just the Green party in this country that causes such significant challenges.
The demands of the Green party in Germany on the then-Government to stop using nuclear energy directly contributed to the reliance on Putin, and Germany is struggling as a result today.
The Greens should not be trusted with any economy anywhere.
Madam Deputy Speaker, I do not want to try your patience, so I will move on from the Green party, because the subject of the debate is the Water Bill that my hon.
Friend the Member for Norwich South has put forward.
I want to talk about the challenges that we are seeing in water.