Instead, we have decided to give that voice to Sir Jon Cunliffe, a lifelong Treasury insider who works in the City of London and who will make a decision based on its interests.
Can she not see the problem here, and the lack of confidence the public have in the democratic decisions that are being taken by people like that?
My hon.
Friend is being particularly personal about Sir Jon Cunliffe.
I have to say that I have not met him, but the point is that he will not be making the decisions; they will go to Ministers.
I am aware that time is marching on, Madam Deputy Speaker, but I would like to say briefly that there are six key areas in which the commission is seeking views.
That is the point—it is not just Sir Jon Cunliffe.
I will rattle through those key areas and then sit down.
They are the strategic management of water; the overarching regulatory system; economic regulation; environmental and drinking water regulation; water company ownership models; and asset health and supply chains.
Each of those areas contains a degree of technical challenge.
Any of us, and any of our constituents—I hope we are all asking our constituents to contribute to this process—can put in, but there will be a lot of technical experts in those areas that will also need to provide input.
Sir Jon Cunliffe will then have to put that to Ministers.
Another point is that Ministers do not have to accept what Sir Jon says, but if they want to go into any of it in more detail, my hon.
Friend the Minister would presumably have the power—of course she has the power; she is the Minister—to seek further information.
I am aware that when commissions are set up badly, they can be a problem for Government, but this is a very thorough approach, which is the right approach after all these years of privatisation and the recent extensive challenges, particularly with sewage discharges.
It is easy to think that we can just rush in and sort this out, but we need to do it in a measured way.
I am always impatient—we all get elected to make change tomorrow—but I have looked at failed projects for over a decade.
If we rush in and do not plan right, we spend more money and it often results in failure.
I could list those projects, Madam Deputy Speaker, but I will try your patience no further.
I compliment my good friend  the hon.
Member for Norwich South (Clive Lewis)  on his passion, commitment, knowledge and determination.
If I may say so, I am also grateful that he mentioned the late, great David Graeber in his introduction.
He was a good friend to both of us, an amazing young man and an amazing philosopher sadly taken from us too soon.
I think his family will be really chuffed that the hon.
Member has included him in his speech on something so fundamental as the right to fresh, clean water for us all.
This Bill seeks to protect that right; it recognises that water is an essential and basic need, and therefore something so universal and so essential surely ought to be completely in public hands.
Most countries around the world do not even countenance the idea of privatising water; they say, “It is our public responsibility to ensure that we can provide clean and safe water for everybody.”
When the Government of Margaret Thatcher and others privatised water in the 1980s, many of us strongly opposed it—I think I am the only Member in the Chamber who had the privilege of voting against privatisation at the time.
We predicted that it would lead to a rip-off of the public sector, and to asset stripping of the land and other resources that the water boards had built up.