Gentleman to Scottishlegal.com, which has commented on how the SNP has decimated legal aid in Scotland.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
Perhaps the Minister can answer this question.
The Bar Council has repeatedly highlighted the fact that asylum claimants who have otherwise meritorious cases have often gone through multiple appeals due to very poor or no legal representation.
That jacks up the costs for the courts, the Home Office and local authorities, all the while trapping vulnerable people in an agonising limbo.
If the Government will not address the crisis in immigration legal aid because it is the right thing to do, will they at least do so because it is the financially sound thing to do?
As I have said, we are already increasing the fees for those who take on legal aid work in connection with the Illegal Migration Act 2023.
That is a 15% increase on the increase that we have already seen.
On top of that, we are rolling out remote access to the duty advice scheme and introducing payment for travel.
Those are major steps towards ensuring the availability of legal aid.
I therefore do not accept the hon.
Gentleman’s description of the position.
If he wants to start swapping comments from the Bar Council, I can quote the Scottish Bar Council’s views on the SNP’s record.
What recent assessment his Department has made of the impact of outcomes data from the Justice Data Lab on the recommissioning of HM Prison and Probation Service reoffending programmes in the last 12 months.
Reducing reoffending is a core mission of this Government.
As my right hon.
and learned Friend the Lord Chancellor said in an earlier answer, we act on the basis not of emotion but of evidence, deploying a series of carefully researched interventions from the prison employment leads to the provision of 12 weeks of accommodation post release.
That is why the reoffending rate has decreased from 31% to 25% since 2010.
The Justice Data Lab makes an important contribution by providing HMPPS and external organisations with a robust assessment of whether their interventions work, and we will continue to consider their work carefully.
I welcome the adherence to an evidence-based approach to working out whether or not these various programmes work effectively, but may I urge Ministers to go even further by ensuring that every programme we currently commission is reassessed on the basis of outcomes, and then not recommissioned unless those outcomes measure up?
I can confirm that the Government will continue to base our investment decisions to reduce reoffending on the best available evidence at the time.
We are continuously improving our evidence base, for instance through the cross-governmental Better Outcomes through Linked Data programme.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Since the last session of Justice questions I have visited HMP Liverpool, a prison that received a poor inspection report some years ago, and I saw how it had been transformed.
Prisoners were engaged in constructive activity in the cycle repair workshop and elsewhere, cells had been refurbished, and there was a clear sense of pride among prison officers, who were determined to deliver safety, decency and rehabilitation.
Prisons as well as prisoners, it seems, can be redeemed.
I have also visited Liverpool Crown court to see our “intensive supervision courts” in action, tackling the root causes of offending with treatment for addictions.
In Coventry I saw rapid deployment teams of offenders who had been sentenced to carrying out unpaid work clearing up local neighbourhoods, visibly atoning for their crimes, and doing so within 48 hours of the project being nominated by the public.
I was pleased to support the important Strategic Litigation Against Public Participation Bill, promoted by  the hon.
Member for Caerphilly (Wayne David) , which is intended to tackle abusive and chilling lawsuits.