He will see that British position fully reflected in what was decided yesterday in New York.
The right hon.
Member asks me about UNRWA.
I can tell him that the interim report by the former French Foreign Minister, Catherine Colonna—the final report is not due until  20 April —is now with the Secretary-General in New York and we hope to learn more about it today.
The right hon.
Member refers to a specific strike, which the House has already heard about, and I agree with him entirely that we expect a full, total and definitive explanation for what happened from the Israeli Government.
He asks me about arms export licensing.
Let me give him a very clear response to that: we have a robust arms export licensing regime.
All exports are regularly assessed against clear criteria.
We regularly review Israel’s adherence to international humanitarian law and act in accordance with that.
As he indicated, we advise the Department for Business and Trade on the situation in-country.
The DBT and its Secretary of State are the decision-making authorities, but I would  point out to him that UK exports are very small, amounting to 0.02% of Israel’s military imports, and we publish a comprehensive report on official statistics every quarter.
Finally, the right hon.
Member asks me to publish the legal advice.
I would point out to him that no Government do that.
He will recall, I think, the highly contentious position taken at the time of the Iraq war not to publish the legal advice.
For a party that aspires possibly in the future to be in Government, I am sure that Labour will see the merit of these conventions.
I call the Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee.
Yesterday the UN Security Council passed a resolution for a Ramadan ceasefire—in effect, a pause.
Intrinsic to that pause was the release of hostages.
Can the deputy Foreign Secretary please update us on progress to get those hostages home to safety, because the resolution was very clear that that should happen immediately?
Who is enforcing the immediate release of hostages?
Can he also clarify whether the Government agree with the US statement this morning that the UN Security Council resolution is non-binding?
How are we going to ensure that, on both sides, the return of hostages and the ceasefire for Ramadan are enacted?
If they are not, I fear that the UN Security Council will face an existential crisis.
My hon.
Friend, the Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee, sets out with great eloquence what the international community now requires to take place as a result of resolution 2728 being passed yesterday.
As I set out in my earlier remarks, we regret that the resolution has not condemned terrorist attacks perpetrated by Hamas on  7 October , but I want to re-emphasise that all the things that Britain has previously been calling for are now accepted and were recorded in that resolution.
We will, as my hon.
Friend suggests, continue to do everything we can to ensure that the resolution is implemented.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
I thank the Minister for prior sight of his statement.
We very much welcome the UN Security Council resolution, which demands an immediate ceasefire for the month of Ramadan.
This is an important first step in achieving the permanent ceasefire that we on the SNP Benches have been urging for several months.
We also welcome the UN demands for an immediate and unconditional release of all hostages.
We call on all parties to adhere to their obligations under international law, to protect civilians and to lift all barriers to humanitarian aid.
That this motion specifically demands a ceasefire makes it legally binding, and it obliges all combatants to adhere to it, yet already there is significant concern that Israel does not intend to comply with the demands.