Member for Cardiff South and Penarth (Stephen Doughty) .
The hon.
Lady asked specifically about a case highlighted by the chief inspector of prisons in his recent report.
What happened there was clearly against policy.
It was clearly wrong and concerning, but I do  have to correct her: the individual involved was at no point strip-searched.
That was inaccurate reporting.
At all times, the modesty of the individual was protected with a blanket, so I am afraid that what was said in reporting that it was a strip search is not correct.
Clothes were removed under a blanket in order to protect life where there was imminent risk to it.
Those officers made a difficult decision in the circumstances to protect life.
It is right that we look into the specifics of what happened, as my right hon.
and learned Friend the Lord Chancellor and I have done.
I think we just need to be a little cautious at this point about accepting everything that was reported as fact.
What recent assessment he has made of trends in the level of violence against prison officers.
All assaults on prison staff are utterly unacceptable.
That is why we have taken steps to protect our staff.
I put on record something that I suspect those on both sides of the House share, which is our gratitude to all those who work in our prisons.
To protect staff, we have rolled out PAVA—pelargonic acid vanillylamide—spray in adult male prisons, and body-worn video cameras.
The maximum penalty for those who assault prison officers has been doubled, and we have completed our £100 million security investment programme to clamp down on the illicit items that fuel prison violence.
The rate of assaults on staff in the 12 months to September 2023 was 10% lower than in the 12 months to September 2019—before the pandemic—but it is still far too high.
I know the Minister cares about this issue and wants to see solutions for how we protect prison officers across the prison estate, but according to the Prison Officers Association and the Community union, serious offences against prison officers are up 10% on last year.
Some 750 of those assaults are deemed to be serious, and 23 attacks are being recorded every day on the prison estate across England and Wales.
There are huge concerns about overcrowding.
The level of prison officers is 10% lower than in 2010.
It is positive to hear the Secretary of State talking about opening new prisons, but if there are no prison officers to work there, how will we resolve these issues?
More worryingly, prison officers are taking to the media to say that they are frightened for their lives to work on the prison estate.
I do not think the plan is working.
I believe the Minister wants to fix it, but what is the next plan to resolve things and ensure that prison officers remain safe on our prison estate?
No one, in any walk of life, should be in fear of assault at work, and that obviously includes dedicated prison officers.
I have already highlighted the steps we are taking to tackle some of the root causes of that violence.
We have the £100 million security measures to tackle illicit drugs and mobile phones—the sorts of things that fuel the violence—and the ability to deploy PAVA spray.
The hon.
Gentleman rightly highlights the importance in this context of the number of prison officers.
That is why I am pleased that in the latest statistics published at the end of last year, numbers are up by 1,500, and retention rates are improving, too.
What steps his Department is taking to help ensure that victims of domestic violence are protected throughout court proceedings.
The Domestic Abuse Act 2021 was transformative with the protections it gave to domestic abuse victims through the justice system.