What progress have the Government made since the Wade review on ensuring that justice is done in these cases?
We are increasing sentences by introducing statutory aggravating factors for murders that are preceded by coercive or controlling behaviour, that involve overkill or that are connected with the end of a relationship.
For manslaughter involving sexual conduct, we intend to target cases where death occurs in the context of abusive or degrading sexual conduct.
We have consulted publicly on sentencing, with starting points for murders preceded by controlling or coercive behaviour and for murders committed with a knife or other weapon.
People want access to justice.
The Women’s Budget Group has found that, as a result of the disastrous Legal Aid, Sentencing and Punishment of Offenders Act 2012, 85% of vulnerable women are unable to access civil legal aid and the majority of them are reaching crisis point.
Does the Minister think it is right that these women are being left without basic access to justice?
The hon.
Lady raises an important  point and I would be happy to meet her and take representations on that specific point.
I will also discuss it with Lord Bellamy, who, alongside me, deals with civil legal aid.
I thank the Lord Chancellor for meeting me and my hon.
Friend the Member for South Leicestershire (Alberto Costa) to discuss the egregious case of Colin Pitchfork, the double child rapist, who has had problems bouncing in and out through the Parole Board system.
I know that my right hon.
and learned Friend cannot change the law on this retrospectively, but what can he do in upcoming legislation to ensure that we have the protections for our communities to make sure they are safe and that reoffenders are not released?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this incredibly important case and for taking it up so powerfully on behalf of his constituents.
In the Sentencing Bill, we have a proposal such that people who commit crimes of murder involving sexual and sadistic conduct will not be released, because they will be expected to serve a whole-life order.
That is just, on behalf of the British people, and it also helps to keep communities such as that of my hon.
Friend safe.
The number of outstanding cases before Gwent magistrates courts has risen by 21% in the last year alone.
However, the number of magistrates is now 20% lower in the whole of south Wales.
We have heard today about the great work of the magistrates courts and the fact that magistrates come from all walks of life.
What are the Government doing to ensure that hard-to-reach people are offering their services as magistrates, including ethnic minorities and, in particular, younger people?
The hon.
Gentleman raises a good point.
I lead on diversity in the Department, and a piece of work is already under way on how we can increase the diversity of the magistracy and ensure that we recruit from those hard-to-reach groups.
I am more than happy to meet him to swap ideas and discuss how we can continue to change the face of our magistrates.
Does the Secretary of State for Justice agree that in England and across the United Kingdom, the ancient principle of innocent until proven guilty should be upheld and restored, and that the punishment should never be the process?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
I was asked about my priorities when I was appointed to this role, and I said that the guilty should be convicted, that the innocent should walk free and that the public should be protected.
It is very important that people who are accused of an offence have confidence that  the process will be prompt and humane.
Ultimately, the British people are fair minded.
They want people to be rightfully convicted, but they also want the innocent to walk free.