Thank you, Mr Speaker.
I welcome my right hon.
and learned Friend’s comments about the progress made on tackling reoffending, but he will be aware that it remains stubbornly high.
We are in an unfortunate position: we imprison more people than most of our neighbours in Europe, but still have higher rates of reoffending.
Does that not posit the fact that we need to make more intelligent use of prison, and of alternatives to custody, as parts of a joined-up system?
Would he agree that the Sentencing Bill is particularly valuable in this regard, and can we hope for its swift return to the House?
I thank my hon.
and learned Friend for his excellent point.
He says something with which I passionately agree: strip out the emotion and follow the evidence.
The evidence shows that there are tools available to this generation of politicians that were not necessarily available 10 or 15 years ago.
I am talking not just about GPS tags, which we have doubled, but alcohol tags, with which there is a 97% compliance rate.
The reoffending rate among those who live with the sword of Damocles hanging over them can be much lower than for those who spend a short time in custody.
As it was his birthday yesterday, I call Jim Shannon.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
You are never going to let me forget about my birthday.
I very much thank the Secretary of State for his answers, and for his very clear commitment to physical and skills training.
The other important issue is education.
If we keep people’s minds and bodies active, they will not wish to offend when they leave prison, so what is being done to help, educationally?
Will the Secretary of State share the ideas he clearly has with the equivalent Minister in Northern Ireland?
Absolutely.
Importantly, we are rolling out a prison education service, with a considerable sum of money—about £150 million a year, which is significant.
However, it is critical to have tie-up between the local employment advisory boards, liaising with the governor, and the New Futures Network to ensure that the education provided is tailored to the jobs on the outside.
People are being assisted with literacy, for example, so that they can do jobs in hospitality, kitchens or horticulture.
Education works when it is tailored to job opportunities on the outside.
That is how we get prisoners motivated and engaged—and yes, I am happy to engage in the way that the hon.
Member proposes.
What steps he is taking to prevent the potential abuse of lasting power of attorney agreements.
When an LPA application is submitted, there is a statutory four-week waiting period before the LPA can be registered, during which objections can be lodged.
As for registered LPAs, any concerns about an attorney abusing one can be reported to the Office of the Public Guardian, which will investigate.
As part of the modernisation of LPAs following the passage of the Powers of Attorney Act 2023, new identity verification processes will be introduced to further strengthen the system.
More than 6 million people in Britain have lasting power of attorney agreements.
I have been inundated recently with so many harrowing stories from across the country of abusers targeting elderly people and stealing their estate from under their nose.
Will the Minister ensure that a proper medical assessment is carried out before an LPA is activated, and that the digitisation of LPAs does not lead to families losing their loved one’s estate to unscrupulous abusers?
The hon.
Gentleman makes a good point, and I am more than happy to take that away and write to him about the steps we take to ensure that that level of check is in place.
I reassure the House that people can check the “use a lasting power of attorney” service on gov.uk to see where LPAs have been issued, and whether one has been issued without their knowledge.