Secondly, would Labour have got rid of jury trials?
We did not, but the Opposition would have.
If they had made the same decisions that we did, they would have faced the same pressures.
This is opportunism, it is silly, and Britain deserves better.
Bring on the general election and I will happily answer those questions.
I am not surprised that the Secretary of State does not want to acknowledge the truth.
Probation officers have told me that they genuinely fear not being able to keep the public safe, because they are being forced to rush through the early release of violent men in order to free up space.
He will have heard the same concerns, so what is he going to do about it?
It is really important that the public are not inadvertently misled.
Early release does not apply to those on life sentences, those on imprisonment for public protection sentences, those on extended determinate sentences, any sex offenders, any terrorism offenders and any serious violent offenders.
The difference between our scheme and the Opposition’s is that, under their scheme, governors had no discretion to block the release of prisoners; under ours, they do.
That is the difference: we prioritise public safety; the Opposition prioritise politics.
My constituent Cindy went through hell when her daughter Victoria was brutally raped and attacked by a serial offender, Donald Andrews.
Victoria took her life not long after.
This monster was a regular offender before and, to add insult to injury, his whole-life sentence has been quashed and he is now applying for parole.
Police psychologists and other professionals have deemed this attacker to be a high risk to society, so will my right hon.
Friend make similar representations to the Parole Board—that this monster should never be allowed out?
Many people in this House will have heard about some appalling cases, but this case is truly one of the most shocking and upsetting that any of us will have encountered.
I of course pass on my deepest sympathy to Cindy Legg for the tragic loss of her daughter Victoria.
I can indicate that I did enter an overarching view opposing release, and I can announce that he will not be recommended for release.
I hope that will be of some comfort to the family.
In the Victims and Prisoners Bill we are introducing an additional safeguard: specifically, a power for the Lord Chancellor to order a second check on the release of the most serious offenders to keep the public safe.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
The Government’s plans to introduce employment tribunal fees suggest that users should pay towards running costs, implying that only those using the system benefit from it.
However, Resolution Foundation research shows that tribunals are heavily relied upon to enforce workers’ rights for all.
Does the Justice Secretary not appreciate that any action to deter lower-paid workers from bringing forward cases will be to the detriment of the system as a whole?
We do not believe that a £55 claim issue fee will be a deterrent.
The tribunal system costs the taxpayer £80 million a year, and we do not think it is unreasonable that those who use it should pay a small contribution.
To answer the question, we do not think it is a deterrent.
The tragic reality is that when intimate partners murder, women are the victims in 90% of cases.
What progress have the Government made since the Wade review on ensuring that justice is done in these cases?
We are increasing sentences by introducing statutory aggravating factors for murders that are preceded by coercive or controlling behaviour, that involve overkill or that are connected with the end of a relationship.
For manslaughter involving sexual conduct, we intend to target cases where death occurs in the context of abusive or degrading sexual conduct.