It is of course something that we keep under careful consideration; there is complexity to it, but it is certainly a matter that we will consider.
What assessment he has made of the adequacy of legislation on cremation.
The law on cremation has been updated when needed.
For example, the 2008 cremation regulations are currently being amended as part of the ongoing death certification reform.
However, the primary legislation on cremation dates back to 1902, and in the light of developments since then, I believe that a more comprehensive review is needed.
That is why the Law Commission has agreed to consider the law governing cremation as part of its project on burial, cremation and new funerary methods.
That project has commenced, and we await its findings with interest.
I am grateful for the Minister’s answer.
Obviously, given what is going on in Hull, there are great concerns.
I know that the Minister cannot speak directly about that issue because of the investigation, but there is no formal regulation of funeral directors on these issues.
Joseph Barsby, the managing director at G. Seller—a much-loved local funeral director that is at the forefront of funeral facilities in Hinckley—is very concerned, because G. Seller wants to lead, not be tarnished by being sucked into problems in the industry.
Will the Minister meet with Joseph to discuss ways in which we can improve the system?
Failing that, will there be a way for funeral directors to feed in information and ideas on how to improve the system?
My hon.
Friend makes a very good point.
The Department has already started work on a call for evidence on where we go with the regulation of the funeral director sector; that will be issued shortly.
I am more than happy to ensure that the views of any funeral director are fed in, and, of course, to meet with the firm in his constituency.
I thank the Minister for the productive and supportive way that he has engaged with me on the appalling situation with Legacy funeral directors in Hull.
I am utterly committed to regulating this industry and never again allowing that appalling, heartbreaking situation to be repeated.
I have heard the Minister’s response to  the hon.
Member for Bosworth (Dr Evans) , but could he speak a little bit more about timeframes?
Does he agree that in the interval before statutory regulation comes in, we should encourage all funeral directors to subject themselves to voluntary regulation by one of the trade bodies, and to do everything they can to reassure the public that not all funeral directors are in a situation like the appalling situation that we have had in my constituency?
If I may return the compliment, the hon.
Lady has handled this appalling incident in her constituency with a great deal of skill.
I am committed to working with her and the Under-Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities, my hon.
Friend  the Member for North Dorset (Simon Hoare) , who is leading on some of the initial responses, alongside the local authority.
The call for evidence on where we go on regulation will commence in the next few months; the decision, of course, will have to wait for the public consultation.
This afternoon, I am meeting the two major trade bodies to discuss how they can assist with voluntary inspections, to ensure that after this terrible incident—what has been happening is quite horrific—which nobody thought could occur, we get this right, so that people have confidence in the vast majority of funeral directors, who are entirely respectable and treat the deceased with the respect and care that we would expect.
What steps he is taking to reduce reoffending.
Reducing reoffending is a core mission of this Government.