Lady raises a very serious point.
The impact on the child and the wider family is appreciated.
We have invested in capacity, with more money for Cafcass, judges and recorders, and more sitting days to ensure that we increase capacity so that hearings can be heard effectively.
We are also focusing on the public law outline, which sets a maximum number of hearings and the time limits, to ensure that proceedings are heard on time.
If the hon.
Lady wishes to raise any specific cases, I will be happy to meet her to get to the bottom of any specific problems.
I call the shadow Minister.
Despite the response given to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Gower (Tonia Antoniazzi) , the Government are still a long way from solving the crisis in the family courts.
We have heard of the 46-week average, but in 13 of the 42 designated family judge areas in England and Wales, the wait is double the statutory target of 26 weeks.
Then, there are the 80,000 private family law cases that can take 45 weeks to be resolved, and the number of new cases is increasing faster than disposals.
Do the Government have any concern or compassion for some of the most vulnerable children in the country who are being let down?
I invite the Minister to try again and assure the House that the crisis will not get even worse.
If there is a lever that I have not pulled, I invite the shadow Minister to let me know what it is, and I will address it.
This Government are spending more money on attracting more judges and recorders, maximising sitting days and investing in the public law outline and, on the flip side of public family law, on private family law as well as mediation.
We are investing an extra £55 million, as announced in the Budget, to address productivity and the backlogs.
Every single lever that will increase capacity and productivity is being pulled, but I am more than happy for the hon.
Member to share any insight with me, and I am sure that we can work on a better solution.
What steps his Department is taking to reduce the backlog in the Crown court.
What steps his Department is taking to reduce the backlog in the Crown court.
More than 90% of all criminal cases are resolved in the magistrates court, which includes burglaries, thefts, assaults, criminal damage and drugs offences.
Thanks to magistrates’ exceptional efforts, the caseload has come down significantly from its post-pandemic peak, and cases are being heard promptly.
To help bring down the caseload in the Crown court, the Government have invested heavily to allow courts to operate at full throttle.
We have recruited around 1,000 judges and tribunal members across all jurisdictions this financial year.
We have kept open 20 nightingale courtrooms to boost capacity, and we are on track to increase spending on criminal legal aid by more than £140 million a year.
In Yorkshire, Sheffield Crown court has been forced to shut twice in the last two years due to flooding.
That is in addition to the already record-breaking court backlog across the UK of 67,000 cases.
What measures have the Government put in place to deal with unplanned court closures, to ensure that people still have access to justice?
One of the first things I did when I took on this role was to extract from the Treasury an additional £80 million to go into our court maintenance fund.
That is important because it allows us to plan not just reactively this year, but proactively over time.
That will create more efficiencies and get us more for our money, and will mean that great courts such as those in Sheffield can continue to do the business.
How does the backlog in criminal court cases vary by region?