This resolution sets out the urgent demand for the
“unconditional release of all hostages”.
Hamas must act on this now.
The kidnapping and violence on  7 October  was appalling.
It has been unconscionable to hold them in captivity for so long, and it is dreadful to hold them any longer.
We strongly support the intensive diplomatic efforts by Egypt, Qatar and the United States to secure their release.
My right hon.
Friends the Prime Minister and the Foreign Secretary, Lord Ahmad and I have met the families of hostages, and reiterated to them personally our desire to see their loved ones freed and their agony brought to an end.
We urge all sides to seize the opportunity and continue negotiations to reach an agreement as soon as possible.
Yesterday’s resolution also sent a clear message on the need for all parties to the conflict to uphold international humanitarian law and for delivery of aid to be scaled up urgently.
This requires the lifting of all barriers impeding its delivery.
Palestinian civilians face a devastating and growing humanitarian crisis in Gaza.
His Majesty’s Government continue to reiterate these messages in their contacts with the Israeli Government, and the Government are exploring every avenue to deliver aid by land, sea and air.
Last week, enough aid to feed over a quarter of a million people was delivered by land from Jordan.
Britain is fully engaged in the international effort to set up a maritime corridor for aid into Gaza.
Yesterday, the first airdrop of British aid by the Royal Air Force, with the support of Jordan, took place.
We regret that this resolution did not condemn the abhorrent and brutal terrorist attacks perpetrated by Hamas on  7 October .
The UK condemns these attacks unequivocally.
We have been forthright in speaking up for Israel’s right to defend itself and ensure such an attack can never happen again.
We want Israelis and Palestinians to live in peace and security.
An immediate humanitarian pause, leading to a sustainable ceasefire, is the best way to achieve a lasting peace.
We continue to work on the other core elements required for such a process to succeed.
We have supported the formation of a new Palestinian Government for the west bank and Gaza under the leadership of Prime Minister Mustafa.
An international support package is vital for building on Prime Minister Mustafa’s appointment.
We also want to see the removal of Hamas’s capacity to launch attacks against Israel.
Hamas can no longer remain in charge of Gaza.
Finally, we need to offer a political horizon to the Palestinians that provides a credible and irreversible pathway towards a two-state solution of Israel and Palestine living side by side in peace and security.
The resolution passed by the Security Council yesterday does not guarantee this outcome, but it is a significant step forward.
The Government will spare no effort in building on this opportunity.
We want to create irreversible momentum towards a lasting peace.
Mr Speaker, I commend this statement to the House.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
I thank the Minister for advance sight of his statement and echo his support for the formation of a new Palestinian Government, which must be supported internationally, alongside the need for a two-state solution with Israel and Palestine living side by side in security and peace.
Yesterday, the UN Security Council finally passed resolution 2728 calling for an immediate ceasefire, the immediate release of all hostages and full humanitarian access in Gaza.
That was incredibly welcome and overdue.
It must now be a turning point.
Labour welcomes, too, the fact that the Government were able to support the resolution.
It represents a major shift in Government policy, which previously called only for an immediate pause rather than an immediate ceasefire.
Why were the Government not able to back Labour’s motion last month?