Over the past week, we have seen Israel continue to commit atrocities across Gaza, with the Al-Shifa Hospital besieged for several days.
Medical staff from inside the hospital reported gun battles, workers being beaten, patients dying on the floor, and even execution-style killings.
That is yet another example of Israel’s merciless targeting of civilians.
Will the Minister unequivocally condemn Israel for authorising and carrying out such heinous attacks, and make clear that hospitals and places of refuge must not be targeted?
The House will not recognise all of the things that the hon.
Gentleman has just said.
Let me make it absolutely clear once again: Israel does have the right of self-defence, but she must abide by international humanitarian law.
It is a testament to how polarised and contested our world has become that the custodians of international security took six months to agree UN Security Council resolution 2728, which calls for a ceasefire, the release of hostages and access for aid.
Does the deputy Foreign Secretary agree that it is concerning that vital UK aid has to be airdropped into Gaza by the Royal Air Force, effectively bypassing Israel?
Should the new port being built off Gaza to operate the new maritime corridor become a permanent operation with inspections, allowing the international community to ensure that the scale of aid required gets into Gaza?
I am grateful to the former Chair of the Defence Committee for what he says.
He is right that the best way to get aid into Gaza is by truck—by road—and that is what Britain has consistently pressed for.
We know that there were 500 trucks a day before the catastrophe of  7 October .
There has been an increase in March, but we are now looking at something like 150 a day.
We are doing everything we can to try to ensure that we get aid into Gaza in the easiest way possible, but as my right hon.
Friend said, we are also looking at all other options, including the airdrop that took place yesterday on  25 March  in which the Royal Air Force dropped 10 tonnes of food.
We anticipate that further airdrops will be necessary because of the situation he has outlined.
Can I set the record straight for Conservative Members that we on the Liberal Democrat Benches have been calling for  months for an immediate bilateral ceasefire, and that we welcome yesterday’s UN Security Council resolution?
However, the reality is that northern Gaza is on the brink of famine, with children dying of malnutrition, and tens of thousands of children are being killed or maimed by Israeli forces’ bombardment.
Does the Minister believe that Netanyahu’s Government are complying with the International Court of Justice’s provisional order, which states that Israel must ensure with immediate effect that its forces do not commit any of the acts prohibited by the genocide convention?
If he does not think that the Israeli Government are complying with that order, what is he doing about it?