Colleagues in the fire and rescue services and local councils are critical to the fight to ensure that residents are safe, and we are working with them to increase action.
Many councils and fire and rescue services are doing a good job, but some need to do more.
Over the last year, the additional funding that we have provided for councils has meant that the pace of enforcement has stepped up markedly.
Councils are informing us of enforcement action at a rate of four per week, compared with one per month in 2022, and we expect that to accelerate further.
To support that, today we are publishing our first league table, outlining where enforcement is being taken so that residents can see exactly what is happening and where.
We will regularly update the league table to ensure that the public remains sighted on their authorities’ enforcement activity.
Our focus now is on more, and more consistent, enforcement.
Last week, I met the Building Safety Regulator and sector leaders to discuss how we can build a shared plan to increase the pace of remediation further.
Today, I am announcing a number of initiatives to boost enforcement: a further £6 million to council enforcement teams, the development of a new regulatory protocol for greater consistency and a new fund that partners can access for legal support in complex cases.
For a task as big as this, remediation of buildings with issues was always going to take time.
There is no doubt that in some parts of the sector it is still taking far too long.
Yet already, almost 60,000 homeowners have peace of mind that remediation is complete, and a further 300,000 dwellings are well on the way to the same.
Every week that goes by, more is done: there are more starts and more completions and, vitally, more of those who are unwilling to do the right thing are being exposed.
We will not stop until we have fixed cladding issues.
Today, I hope the House can see the real and accelerating progress that is being made.
Ordered,
That Mr Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough Constituency of Blackpool South in the room of Scott Lloyd Benton, who since his election for the said Borough Constituency has been appointed to the Office of Steward and Bailiff of His Majesty’s Manor of Northstead in the County of York.—(Simon Hart.)
Before we start questions, I should say that Scott, who has been working in my office since I became Speaker, is crossing to another part of the House service—he is not leaving the House—and, on behalf of all Members, I thank him for his work and for ensuring the efficiency of my office.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps he is taking to increase sentences for dangerous offenders.
To govern is to choose.
Choices we have made mean that the most dangerous offenders—the acid attackers, the rapists, the knife-point robbers—who are sentenced to seven years or more are required to spend longer in custody.
The Sentencing Bill goes further: murders involving sexual or sadistic conduct will lead to a whole-life order unless there are exceptional circumstances, and those convicted of the most serious sexual offences, including rape, will serve 100% of their custodial term in prison.
I welcome the measures that my right hon.
and learned Friend has outlined, as will my East Devon constituents.
Rapists deserve the most severe possible custodial sentences.
Will he update the House on how sentence lengths have been increased for that utterly vile crime since 2010?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that rape is an appalling crime.
In 2010, the average custodial sentence for adult rape was six and a half years, and  prison governors were required to release offenders at the halfway mark.