That is important because it allows us to plan not just reactively this year, but proactively over time.
That will create more efficiencies and get us more for our money, and will mean that great courts such as those in Sheffield can continue to do the business.
How does the backlog in criminal court cases vary by region?
What discussions has the Secretary of State had with local judicial teams on prioritising and communicating those backlogs?
The senior presiding judge will keep a close eye on regional discrepancies.
In certain cases, there is the power to transfer them from one court to another, but that will depend on the suitability for defendants, and witnesses and victims who need to attend hearings.
It is important that we send the message from this Chamber that more than 90% of all criminal trials—the cases that people want resolved such as criminal damage, drugs matters and common assault—are dealt with in magistrates courts, and magistrates up and down our country are doing an excellent job at getting through those cases.
I absolutely endorse the Lord Chancellor’s comments on magistrates working incredibly hard to clear backlogs in courts.
He will have seen recent journalistic reporting relating to single justice procedure, which is an important element of magistrates’ work.
The principle behind the single justice procedure is good, and I have sat on cases in SJP courts, but there are some concerns, in particular around vulnerable individuals who may have mitigation that is not necessarily being addressed.
Does he agree that perhaps he could remind Members that magistrates can already use their discretion to refer cases back to open court, where prosecutors can review cases to ensure  that individuals who are vulnerable are not served with un-justice?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend and his colleagues for the exceptional work they do to ensure that justice is done.
On the single justice procedure, fairness is non-negotiable, so it is critical that every person who comes before the courts, whether via the SJP or an open court, gets that fairness.
There is an issue about transparency.
Some important points on that have been raised, and echoed by the Chair of the Justice Committee, my hon.
and learned Friend  the Member for Bromley and Chislehurst (Sir Robert Neill) .
It is something that we ought to consider recalibrating.
Everyone accepts that the SJP works well and is a useful addition.
We just need to see whether it ought to be refined in the interests of promoting transparency.
How many prisoners have been released early under the end of custody supervised licence scheme since October 2023.
End of custody supervised licence began in October 2023.
Analysis of and statistics on its use will be based on one year’s worth of data and published on an annualised basis in line with other statistics, such as deaths of offenders in the community.
We consider that to be the appropriate approach.
Earlier this month, the Chair of the Justice Committee,  the hon.
and learned Member for Bromley and Chislehurst (Sir Robert Neill) , who is in his place, said that prisons are at “bursting point”, while the Prison Governors’ Association said that without the extension of the ECSL scheme, our criminal justice system
“may have ground to a halt”.
Meanwhile, the Domestic Abuse Commissioner labelled the plans as
“dangerous to domestic abuse victims”.
Is the Minister satisfied that the scheme manages the prison population while keeping the victims of crime safe?
If so, when will he release data about which prisoners have been released?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman.
There are a number of points there.
The ECSL is a response to, yes, acute capacity challenges, but it is a targeted scheme operating in prisons as required and where necessary.
I gently say to him that a similar scheme ran from 2007 to 2010.
In that case, it bore significant differences to what is happening now.