It is very important that people who are accused of an offence have confidence that  the process will be prompt and humane.
Ultimately, the British people are fair minded.
They want people to be rightfully convicted, but they also want the innocent to walk free.
Since 27 February, there have been six sudden deaths at HMP Parc in Bridgend, and it appears that at least four of those tragic deaths were drug-related.
What are the Government doing to ensure that inmates at Parc are kept safe and walk out of prison safe and well at the end of their sentence?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for highlighting a serious and important issue.
I am happy to meet her to discuss it further, if she wishes.
In line with established protocols for deaths in custody, we are not able to comment on individual cases until the relevant investigation by the prisons and probation ombudsman has concluded, but HMP and YOI Parc has mobilised a range of actions to gather intelligence on drug entry points and on what has happened.
I am happy to meet the hon.
Lady to discuss this matter privately.
When the National Crime Agency briefed Members who are interested in the Investigatory Powers (Amendment) Bill, it estimated that between 550,000 and 800,000 serious sexual offenders are at large in this country.
What are the Government doing to identify them?
How many more prisons will we have to build to accommodate them?
I am proud that, since 2010, the number of people prosecuted for rape is up 32%, sentences are around 40% longer and the proportion of those sentences spent in custody has increased.
We are determined to do everything possible to send a clear message that addressing serious sexual offending is a priority for this Government.
We will clamp down on it, and those who perpetrate this vile crime can expect the punishment they deserve.
The Strategic Litigation Against Public Participation Bill, which was tabled by my hon.
Friend the Member for Caerphilly (Wayne David) and which the Government now support, is a great opportunity to tackle pernicious lawsuits that seek to silence journalists, campaigners and even sexual assault survivors, but two key deficiencies—the overly subjective test and the narrow definition of public interest—mean that anti-SLAPP campaigners tell me that they simply cannot support the Bill in its current form.
Ahead of the important Committee stage, will the Lord Chancellor commit to looking at the amendment suggested by the News Media Association and meet me to address its concerns so that the Bill becomes fit for purpose?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for raising this important issue.
I am aware of the issues that have been raised.
There is plainly a delicate balance to strike.
It is incredibly important that individuals can access the courts to get a remedy in appropriate cases, and we want to make sure that the balance is properly struck.
We will consider the amendment with care, as I have with the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport.
If the hon.
Lady wants to make representations to me, I will listen to them very carefully.
Worksop witnessed the horrific murder of Pauline Quinn by a man who had been released after serving time for a double murder.
The probation service has since admitted that mistakes were made.
However, the public still have many unanswered questions.
Does the Minister agree that, although it is understandable that all the information sometimes cannot be put in the public domain, the probation service should seek to be as transparent  as possible and give communities that information, where possible?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising this important issue.
He is right to highlight that there are occasions when it is not possible to make all the information public, but it is important that there is as much transparency as possible.