I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising this important issue.
He is right to highlight that there are occasions when it is not possible to make all the information public, but it is important that there is as much transparency as possible.
If it would be helpful, I am happy to meet him to discuss it further.
Selby is classed by the Law Society as a legal advice desert for housing, education and family legal aid.
What are the Minister’s plans to fix that?
The Legal Aid Agency keeps the location of providers under constant review.
We have invested an additional £10 million over the last few months in those specific types of legal aid.
If the hon.
Gentleman writes to me, I can give him the details of where the spend is going in his local area.
Joshua Rozenberg KC has presented “Law in Action” on Radio 4 over the past 20 years, and it has frequently shed important light on areas of our justice system that need attention.
Does the Secretary of State share my disappointment that today’s broadcast will be the programme’s last, because it has not been recommissioned?
Will he also pay tribute to Joshua Rozenberg for his work?
I am very grateful to my hon.
and learned Friend for raising this point.
Joshua Rozenberg has made a profound and important contribution to our country.
Indeed, he is required reading, and I read him most days.
I share my hon.
and learned Friend’s profound regret, and I echo his sentiments.
I think the whole House will wish Joshua Rozenberg well.
All through Lent, women nationwide have faced intimidation from the anti-choice group 40 Days for Life blocking their entrance to abortion clinics daily.
Why is that happening, given that MPs voted by a ratio of 3:1 in 2022 for safe access zones, with the Under-Secretary of State for Justice,  the hon.
Member for Newbury (Laura Farris)  being one of them?
I concur with the hon.
Lady that it is completely unacceptable that anyone should feel harassed or intimidated when exercising their legal right to abortion services.
I hope she will be reassured to hear that it is anticipated that section 9 of the Public Order Act 2023 will be commenced no later than this spring.
The consultation on the guidance published by the Home Office closed on  22 January  and the final response will be published in due course.
I must just say one thing, however: it is right that a balance will need to be struck where competing rights are engaged, including under articles 10 and 11 of the European convention on human rights.
Our probation service is in crisis, with staff overworked, overstretched and undervalued.
The expansion of the early release scheme will put yet more pressure on them, so what is the Minister doing this year to help our probation staff face that extra workload?
Probation officers do an exceptionally important job, as I believe we all agree.
Let me set out what we have done in respect of prison and probation staff.
First, we accepted every penny of the Prison Service pay review body recommendations.
We have injected extra funding of more than £155 million a year into probation.
Prison officers do a tough job, as do probation officers, but I am delighted to report that the retention of prison officers is improving, with the staff resignation rate in prisons dropping from about 10.7% to 8.3%, and their numbers have increased.
As for probation, we have recruited about 4,000 people in the past three years.
That is positive and we will continue to support them every step of the way.
Do we have enough crematoriums in the UK, given that many families are now having to wait three, four, five or six weeks for a funeral slot?