As for probation, we have recruited about 4,000 people in the past three years.
That is positive and we will continue to support them every step of the way.
Do we have enough crematoriums in the UK, given that many families are now having to wait three, four, five or six weeks for a funeral slot?
Why is there such a gap between the cheapest crematorium in the country, which charges £408, and the most expensive, in Stevenage, which charged £1,400 last year?
The challenges facing crematoriums, and in fact the whole funeral sector, are being reviewed by the Law Commission.
This is about not just crematoriums, but burial space.
There are challenges across the whole death management landscape, to use the technical term, which is why the Law Commission is investigating and bringing forward proposals.
The fees for civil legal aid are half what they were in 1996 and the number of providers has fallen by 40% in the past 10 years.
If the Minister actually wants to do something about civil legal aid, why has he kicked the civil legal aid review into the long grass?
Legal aid is always under constant review and I will always take advice from those closest to it.
That is why I engage with, for example, the Bar Association, the Law Society and the judiciary on what we need to do.
As for kicking things into the long grass, all I can say is that I want to get this right and if that takes time, it will take time.
For the final question, I call Debbie Abrahams.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
The Justice Secretary did not quite answer my question on where the 67,000 criminal cases in the backlog are, and how they are being prioritised and communicated.
I do not want another historical child sexual exploitation victim to be told by a Crown court that her case has been cancelled twice because it is not a priority.
The point I was endeavouring to make, although I perhaps did not do so well, is that listing is a judicial function.
We have seen the senior presiding judge make a decision that certain sex cases and those most serious rapes, for example—all of them are serious, of course—will be given an early listing.
As I say, I do not have complete control over that, but I do discuss it with the Lady Chief Justice and I know that the senior presiding judge is keen to get through those cases at the earliest opportunity.
With permission, Mr Speaker, I would like to make a statement on Israel and Gaza.
As the House knows, the United Kingdom has long been calling for an immediate humanitarian pause to allow for the safe release of hostages and more aid to reach Gaza, leading to a sustainable ceasefire without a return to destruction, fighting and loss of life.
Yesterday, the international community took a significant step towards achieving that.
We welcome yesterday’s United Nations Security Council resolution 2728, which reflected widespread international support for Britain’s position and considerable efforts by our diplomats to secure a consensus.
This is an issue that can polarise and divide, but yesterday in New York there was a shared sense of purpose.
I am sure the whole House would agree that we must capitalise on this moment.
We want to see an immediate, sustained humanitarian pause, which would allow for the safe release of hostages and more aid to reach Gaza.
That is what yesterday’s resolution called for, why the United Kingdom voted “yes” on that text, and why the Government are now focused on seeing the resolution implemented as quickly as possible.
This resolution sets out the urgent demand for the
“unconditional release of all hostages”.
Hamas must act on this now.
The kidnapping and violence on  7 October  was appalling.