This afternoon, I am meeting the two major trade bodies to discuss how they can assist with voluntary inspections, to ensure that after this terrible incident—what has been happening is quite horrific—which nobody thought could occur, we get this right, so that people have confidence in the vast majority of funeral directors, who are entirely respectable and treat the deceased with the respect and care that we would expect.
What steps he is taking to reduce reoffending.
Reducing reoffending is a core mission of this Government.
That is why, for example, we rolled out the genuinely transformational policy of 12 weeks’ guaranteed accommodation for offenders on release, and it is why we have invested heavily in employment; there are prison employment leads in every resettlement prison.
The plan is working: the reoffending rate has fallen significantly since 2010, from 31% to 25%, and in the two years to March 2023, the proportion of prison leavers in employment six months after release more than doubled.
I am grateful to my right hon.
and learned Friend for his answer.
He may be aware that the Welsh Affairs Committee has recently heard from businesses such as Timpson and Williams Homes about the work being done to train and recruit prisoners in Wales.
While there was a lot of praise for the New Futures Network, which brokers partnerships between employers and prisons, what is being done to expand the number of release on temporary licence schemes?
As we have heard, they are really important for improving employability and giving prisoners a better chance of holding down a job when they get out of the gate.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for the interest he is showing in this issue.
He is absolutely right to pay tribute to the New Futures Network, which does exceptional work in custody.
Of course, it is very often able to liaise with employment advisory boards—local business people in the area—to ensure that prisoners are trained in the skills that they need for jobs in that area.
When I went to HMP Berwyn, which is of course in Wales, one of the things that I was so impressed by is that its employment hub has a video suite, so that prisoners can be interviewed by employers on the outside.
On my right hon.
Friend’s point about ROTL, that is something that prison governors keep under review.
Certainly in the right cases, where ROTL is safe for the public, it can be a useful tool to ensure that prisoners are rehabilitated and get into work, so that they can be law-abiding citizens in the future.
The Secretary of State will know that one of the ways to reduce reoffending is to break the cycle of drug misuse.
The problem of course is that in too many prisons there is a high incidence of drugs getting in, so what is he doing to reduce the amount of drugs in our prisons?
The hon.
Member is right: it is of course really important that we tackle drugs coming into prisons.
We have rolled out £100 million in prison gate security, to ensure that there is airport-style security.
There are scanners, including body scanners with very high resolution, so that people coming into jails can be scanned for illicit contraband that may be being transported internally; that is important.
We are also rolling out additional technology that can scan mail for psychoactive substances impregnated into the paper.
That is just one of a suite of measures that we are taking—plus there are the drug abstinence wings.
May I take this opportunity to say that I misspoke earlier?
Ian Coates was the third victim of the Nottingham attacks.
I call the Chair of the Justice Committee, Sir Robert Neill KC.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
I welcome my right hon.
and learned Friend’s comments about the progress made on tackling reoffending, but he will be aware that it remains stubbornly high.