In Coventry I saw rapid deployment teams of offenders who had been sentenced to carrying out unpaid work clearing up local neighbourhoods, visibly atoning for their crimes, and doing so within 48 hours of the project being nominated by the public.
I was pleased to support the important Strategic Litigation Against Public Participation Bill, promoted by  the hon.
Member for Caerphilly (Wayne David) , which is intended to tackle abusive and chilling lawsuits.
We have also brought forward legislation on litigation funding agreements to ensure that third parties can continue to fund court proceedings on behalf of individuals or small businesses.
That support enabled the sub-postmasters to make their successful civil claim.
Our legislation will bolster access to justice, boost our legal sector, and ensure that in our courts David can still take on Goliath.
The Government have achieved only 5,900 of the promised 20,000 new prison places, resulting in them having to release prisoners up to 60 days early to alleviate overcrowding, thereby directly impacting on public safety.
How does the Secretary of State reconcile this with the Conservative promise of being tough on crime, especially when his end-of-custody supervised licensing scheme expansion significantly deviates from judicial sentencing?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question.
When I was in practice, I had to listen to the then Labour Home Secretary say that he was going to cancel the three Titan prisons that he had boasted he would open.
Not one was built.
We have opened Five Wells and Fosse Way, and Millsike is under construction.
We have more cells coming online in Birmingham, Liverpool and Norwich.
We have rapid deployment cells, and we have new houseblocks in Guys Marsh, Rye Hill and Hatfield.
This is the party that is delivering.
We will be tough on crime.
May I gently say that there a lot of people I need to get in?
If we could shorten the answers, that would be helpful.
I recently met my constituent David Winnett, who is a family law solicitor and a member of Resolution.
He told me about Resolution’s vision for family justice.
I wonder whether my right hon.
and learned Friend is familiar with that vision, particularly the importance placed on early legal advice in family disputes.
Is there scope to add Resolution’s proposed scheme to the mediation pilots that the Government currently have planned?
Resolution does exceptionally important work, and in the Budget the Chancellor announced an additional £55 million of support for separating parents, including £12 million to deliver a new pilot.
We are working with Resolution and other organisations to implement the pilot, which we aim to launch in September this year.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
This Conservative Government promised 20,000 prison places by 2025, but so far they have only delivered under 6,000.
The Justice Secretary is letting violent offenders out up to two months early because, as we found out from press briefings about dire warnings to No.
10, he has literally nowhere to put them.
Instead of focusing on what happened 14 years ago under the last Labour Government, will he level with the public about the true scale of the prisons capacity crisis that is unfolding on his watch?
I have been very candid in saying that there are pressures in our prisons.
But here is the thing: first, capacity in our jails is significantly higher than it was under Labour’s watch; and secondly, we have a record of delivery and there will be 10,000 places by next year.
Here is the really important point.
There are two questions that I posed in my statement.
First, would Labour have let out up to 16,000 people during covid—yes or no?
We said no.
Secondly, would Labour have got rid of jury trials?
We did not, but the Opposition would have.
If they had made the same decisions that we did, they would have faced the same pressures.