The ECSL is a response to, yes, acute capacity challenges, but it is a targeted scheme operating in prisons as required and where necessary.
I gently say to him that a similar scheme ran from 2007 to 2010.
In that case, it bore significant differences to what is happening now.
ECSL, as operating now, contains a range of important safeguards that were simply not in place between 2007 and 2010.
The 2007-10 scheme released some people straight into the community without any supervision and led to the early release of some prisoners convicted of terror offences.
This scheme is totally different.
It plays a role in managing the prison capacity challenges, but it has those important safeguards in place to protect victims and society.
Our prisons are full, so much so that the Government are sanctioning the early release of inmates to make space.
At what point will we prioritise the deportation of foreign criminals who are taking up one in nine of  our prison cells, so that we can get back to zero-tolerance policing and ensure that no crime is too small to go unpunished?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend, because she is quite right to highlight that a key element of tackling the prison capacity crisis is sending back, through deportation, foreign national offenders.
She will be reassured that 18,000 have been deported in the past four years and we continue to drive that target ever higher.
I call the shadow Minister.
It is telling that the Minister is refusing to come clean with the public on how many prisoners are being released early under the scheme.
As we know, the public are overwhelmingly in favour of an early release scheme if it were applied to his colleagues in a general election. [
Laughter.]
Does he have any intention, before that happy day, of releasing the truth about how many prisoners are being let out early?
It is always a pleasure to face the gentle barbs of the hon.
Gentleman, whom I have known for a long time.
As I have made very clear on a previous occasion in the House, and indeed just a few moments ago, we consider that an annualised publication of these statistics is the most appropriate approach, in line with the publication of similar statistics such as those relating to deaths of offenders in the community.
What assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of legal aid for immigration cases.
The Legal Aid Agency monitors the provision of immigration legal aid and takes whatever actions are operationally available to it to ensure a supply of providers.
I was hoping for an answer but did not get one, so let me try this.
While we all desperately want to see the Tories’ asylum backlog cleared, this effort must be well funded and must ensure access to justice.
What we have instead is an under-resourced bureaucracy and a push to make rushed asylum decisions, combined with severe difficulty in accessing immigration legal aid, and as a result thousands of asylum seekers have effectively been denied the right to legal representation.
Why do the UK Government stand alone in not recognising the enormous crisis in immigration legal aid?
In fact, the Government spent £44 million on immigration legal aid in 2022-23.
We have increased the hourly rate for those undertaking this kind of work, and we are looking at remote access and payment for travelling.
All those steps we have taken to raise the level of funding in this important area.
I have to say, however, that I think it takes a particular bit of brass neck for the SNP to lecture us on the funding of legal aid.
I refer the hon.
Gentleman to Scottishlegal.com, which has commented on how the SNP has decimated legal aid in Scotland.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
Perhaps the Minister can answer this question.