amidst choppy surf, Victor towed Marine landing forces behind him to the beach like ``ducklings'' as he recalled. Victor later noted that his audaciousness in landing so close to enemy positions at night seemed to have tricked the Japanese defenders into thinking his boat was one of theirs. Victor next took part in the operation to capture the island of Saipan. While on the island, Victor drove too far into enemy lines where he witnessed tremendous human suffering on the island. In one location in Saipan, he would successfully urge numerous Japanese soldiers to lay down their arms by promising the men they would be treated with civility. Adopting similar de-escalation strategies with civilians he encountered, Victor's compassion saved many from perishing. Upon completion of U.S. operations in Saipan in late July 1944, Victor transported--in just one day--some 8,000 Marines in 75 boatloads across three miles of open ocean to secure the Japanese-held island of Tinian in the Northern Mariana Islands. This vital island would later provide the two airfields necessary for American bombers to quickly reach Japan and bring about the culmination of World War II. Later in 1944, Victor served as a Communications Officer aboard the USS Artemis. While onboard at the onset of the heroic Battle of Iwo Jima in February 1945, the USS Artemis sustained withering fire from Japanese coastal artillery and was forced to withdraw to Guam. This was Victor's final combat of World War II, as the war would end seven months later on September 2, 1945. Promoted to the rank of Lieutenant, Victor was honorably discharged, married Peggy, and returned to his hometown of Taft. The couple ran Taft Sporting Goods for 37 years while raising their three daughters--Barbara, Janet, and Patty. Victor was passionate about supporting his community, helping launch Westside Little League and Westside Jr. Football. Later in life, Victor wrote a book about his service titled ``The Gator Navy,'' where he detailed stories of his training and service. Cementing his local legacy, Victor conceived of the idea to construct the iconic Oil Worker Monument in Taft, the largest bronze statue west of the Mississippi River, to mark the centennial anniversary of the city. Whether it was his service to our country or our community, Victor has certainly left a lasting impact on countless individuals. The Taft community remains fortunate and grateful to have had such a hero. Victor is survived by his daughters: Patty Killingsworth Gray, Barbara Killingsworth, and Janet Killingsworth Sandoval; his sons-in- law: Everett Gray and Miguel Sandoval; five grandchildren: Christian Gray, Ashley Gray, John Gray, Sarah Sandoval, and Andrew Sandoval; and eight great-grandchildren: Samantha Gray, Andrew Gray, Piper Gray, Foster Gray, Lex Gray, Charlotte Sandoval, Victoria Sandoval, and Oliver Sandoval. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues in the House of Representatives to join me in remembering Victor Killingsworth, and his legacy of invaluable service to both our country and his community.