HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF MS. CHIQUITA MICHELE GREENE HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. Mr. BISHOP. Mr. Speaker, I rise today with a heavy heart to honor the extraordinary life and legacy of Ms. Chiquita Michele Greene--a devoted educator, trailblazer, and servant leader from Southwest Georgia. Her unwavering commitment to her students and the greater community has profoundly touched countless lives across Georgia and the Nation. Sadly, Ms. Greene transitioned from labor to reward on April 6, 2025. A celebration of her life was held on Monday, April 14, 2025, at Unity Baptist Church in Sylvester, Georgia. Ms. Greene was born from the union of Mr. and Mrs. Arthur L. and Earnestine Greene. Raised in Sylvester, Georgia, Ms. Greene embodied academic excellence, purpose, and pride in her heritage from an early age. A 1995 graduate of Worth County High School, she made history as the first African American member of the school's dance team--an early indicator of the pioneering spirit that would define her life's work. After high school, Ms. Greene attended Albany State University (ASU), earning her bachelor's degree in Early Childhood Education and later pursued advanced degrees in education at Wheelock College, Walden University, Georgia Southern University, and Northcentral University. She was a lifelong learner who transformed her knowledge into service, becoming a beacon of empowerment for students and colleagues alike. As a teacher in the Dougherty County School System (DCSS), she poured her passion into every classroom she entered--most notably at Albany Early College and Westover High School, where she was named the 2018- 2019 Teacher of the Year and a finalist for the district-wide honor. Over her career, she served with distinction in multiple Georgia school districts, including Savannah-Chatham and Glynn counties, holding leadership positions such as English Department Chair, Instructional Coach, Graduation Coach, and more. She also advised student teams, including the Black History Quiz Bowl, Delta GEMS, and EMBODI, helping to cultivate a sense of school pride, heritage, and academic excellence among the students at the institutions she supported. Ms. Greene's service extended well beyond the school walls where she worked. She was a fierce advocate for her community and a transformational leader within numerous civic and social organizations. She served as President of the Albany, Georgia Alumnae Chapter of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc., where under her leadership, the chapter earned national Red Ribbon recognition. She championed historical preservation, helping to secure a mayoral proclamation honoring Delta Sigma Theta cofounder, Osceola Macarthy Adams, and initiated a petition for a historical marker in her name. She also served as co-advisor to the Delta Rho Chapter of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc. at her beloved alma mater, Albany State University. Former Congresswoman Shirley Chisholm once said that ``Service is the rent we pay for the space we occupy on this earth.'' Ms. Chiquita Michele Greene paid her rent and continued going the extra mile to give her time and efforts to benefit others. Ms. Greene held leadership roles in the National Council of Negro Women, the ASU Alumni Association, Ma Flora's Helping Hands, the Marching Rams Show Band National Alumni Association, the Worth County NAACP, and several other civic, educational, and fraternal organizations. She was a mentor to many and a pillar of strength, especially in spaces dedicated