As I set out earlier, the need to reform business property relief is as strong as the need to reform agricultural property relief, in order to have stable public finances and a fair and sustainable tax system.
As I set out, 40% of APR goes to the top 7% of estates, and 50% of BPR goes to the top 4% of estates.
Given the fiscal context that we inherited, that kind of unfairness is not sustainable.
When balancing the books, we need to develop the tax system in a way that is sustainable and gives us the economic stability that we desperately need after the mess that the previous Government left us.
Farmers have made their inheritance tax plans in good faith, based on existing rules.
In effect, the measure is a retrospective change to tax law, so will the Minister agree to at the very least delay its implementation until the effects are properly understood by both farmers and the Government?
The Government are committed to delivering the reforms announced in the Budget.
We have carefully considered their impact, and designed the policy to provide generous exemptions from inheritance tax for small family farms and businesses, while ensuring that we balance the public finances as fairly as possible.
In the light of the uncertainty in the OBR’s report; the fact that the policy will hit elderly farmers the hardest and put food security at risk; and the fact that rural communities will suffer the most, given the impact on tenants and young farmers, and the wider agricultural sector, does the Minister really still believe in this policy?
The OBR’s allusion yesterday to a degree of uncertainty is exactly the same as what it said at the time of the Budget.
The costing is exactly the same as what it published at the time of the Budget.
Yesterday, the OBR published more information about how the costing was arrived at, but the costing itself, the degree of uncertainty and the calculations remain exactly the same as at the time of the Budget.
The Minister just mentioned balancing the public finances—those are the key words—through these measures.
We have just had the debt figures for December, which are 20% higher than the OBR expected them to be just two months previously.
At what point will the Minister and the Government recognise that they have got this badly wrong and change course?
We recognise that when the Conservative party was in government, it got it badly wrong.
The country decided to change course, which is why they elected us into government to fix the public finances, put our public services back on their feet, boost investment and get the economy growing.
They say that one ought to build one’s enemy a golden bridge.
I think the compromise and pause proposed by the National Farmers Union is an elegant solution.
That golden bridge is now being signposted by Tesco, Aldi, Lidl, the Co-op, and all the major retailers the Minister claims to be engaging with.
Why does he not just pause, go back, listen, and review the policy?
As I set out in answer to a previous question, the Government are committed to delivering the reforms announced in the Budget.
They were carefully calibrated to retain generous inheritance tax exemptions, while ensuring that we balance the public finances as fairly as possible.
Bence Builders Merchants in my constituency has been providing good local produce and good local jobs since the Earl of Aberdeen was in power.
The owner, Paul Bence, fears that the combination of business property relief changes and changes to employer’s national insurance mean that there is a huge disincentive to invest further.
Does the Minister share my constituent’s concern?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for raising his constituent’s concern.
I do not know the specifics of the case, but more broadly, investment decisions depend above all else on a stable economy and stable public finances.