Gentleman for his update to the House.
I note the press release that went out yesterday, and no doubt there will be another one on  5 March , the day before the next Cabinet Office questions.
However, I want to be constructive in my approach; I, too, will be visiting the Infected Blood Compensation Authority in Newcastle, next Thursday.
The legal representatives of the complex web of stakeholders in the infected blood and affected communities remain concerned about the status of the arm’s length body, the appeals process and the role of victims in the oversight board.
I am absolutely clear that the Infected Blood Compensation Authority has the necessary authority and will work through those issues.
I urge the Minister to work with and reassure the victims’ representatives, so that the lawyers can be more constructive in supporting these people along this difficult pathway.
No doubt hon.
Members will come in with more questions, but does the Minister agree with me that we need to move forward in a constructive manner?
Yes, the right hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right.
I look forward to the former Paymaster General’s reflections after his visit next week.
I was delighted yesterday to meet the user consultants— three victims; two infected, one affected—who are certainly making their voice heard at the Infected Blood Compensation Authority.
That voice of victims is hugely important, as is the constructive approach the right hon.
Gentleman has indicated.
I welcome the £11.8 billion allocated in the Budget for the infected blood scandal, which is  a clear commitment from this Government that they  are acting on this injustice.
However, parents and  partners of the infected, including in my constituency of Bournemouth West, are rightly apprehensive about when they will receive compensation; many are elderly or in poor health.
Given the urgency of the situation, can the Minister outline when they might receive compensation and whether he will consider including them in the initial waves?
In October, applications opened for eligible estates to claim interim compensation payments of £100,000.
So far, more than 230 estates have received payments.
I hope those payments are welcomed as the beginning of recognition for those who have lost loved ones to this devastating scandal.
The delivery of compensation payments is rightly a matter for IBCA, which is an independent arm’s length body chaired by Sir Robert Francis.
The Government expect payments to eligible affected people to begin this year, following a second set of regulations that I will be laying before Parliament in the coming weeks.
I do not imagine there is one MP in this House who has not had constituents come to talk to them about the infected blood scandal.
In fact, this week I spoke to one such constituent, Linda Cannon, who told me her story, saying:
“I lost my husband, Billy, in February 2013 to Hepatitis C after a blood transfusion in 1986, for a stomach ulcer, at Bangour Hospital.
He was not informed till 2011 that he had been infected, only finding out after presenting with a sore back.
He underwent severe treatment, without success, which will live with me forever.
Life has been difficult to deal with after this”.
The consequences have been completely devastating for her family.
Mr Cannon will not see justice, but several of my other constituents must.
I welcome the urgency with which this Government have moved forward with this issue, because justice for the victims of this injustice is long overdue.
Can the Minister update the House on how he has been working—not just in England, but across Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland—to make sure that payments get to those who need them immediately?
The whole House will be moved by the story of my hon.
Friend’s constituent.
It is a story from this appalling scandal that many of us across the House will be hearing from our constituents.