Friend on this important matter.
The Government’s industrial strategy outlines the importance of manufacturing in the defence industry to economic growth and national security.
The new national procurement policy statement will put growth at the heart of procurement and will align to our industrial strategy.
I call the shadow Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster.
Given the news from Germany, will the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster update the House on the work the Cabinet Office is doing to prepare for the possibility of an outbreak of foot and mouth?
I am grateful to the shadow Minister for his question.
Those of us of a certain age will remember the appalling consequences of the last serious outbreak of foot and mouth in the UK, more than 20 years ago.
Let me say very clearly from this Dispatch Box that we are treating this with the utmost seriousness.
I met with Cobra officials yesterday and have asked for several briefings since the outbreak in Germany, and my colleagues at the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs at a ministerial and official level are taking this very seriously as well.
We know the threat that such an outbreak would pose to our farming communities, and we want to work with farmers and do everything we possibly can to protect them from it.
So far, there has been no outbreak in the UK, but we will—
Order.
This is a very important subject;  I totally agree.
The trouble is, in topicals, I have to get a lot of Members in.
As this subject is so important, I would always welcome a statement on Monday.
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his reply.
Could he assure me that he is speaking to interested parties in Northern Ireland?
Given that Northern Ireland is so closely connected to Ireland, which is part of the EU, farmers there are consequently very concerned that they may be affected by any spread of the disease.
Will he therefore assure me that he is undertaking that work?
I will keep it short, Mr Speaker: we will ensure that we co-ordinate our response with all parts of the UK.
The Labour-led city council in Norwich was recently awarded £34 million in Government funding to help to unlock affordable homes and jobs at Anglia Square.
This is long overdue, and will bring huge benefit to Norwich.
It is a brilliant example of the Government’s mission for growth as part of our plan for change.
Will  my right hon.
Friend update us on broader cross-Government plans to deliver the affordable housing needed across the country?
My hon.
Friend has been a brilliant champion for more affordable housing in her constituency.
Through our plan for change, we have committed to building 1.5 million homes this Parliament—the biggest increase in affordable housing in a generation, which will benefit families in Norwich and across the country.
I am pleased to hear about the plans at Anglia Square, which are a powerful example of what can be achieved when a Labour council works with a Labour Government.
More than 170 tonnes of illegal meat products have been seized at the port of Dover since 2022.
Given the biosecurity threat posed by African swine fever and foot and mouth disease to more than 800 farms in my constituency, alongside thousands of others up and down the country, what steps is the right hon.
Gentleman taking with Cabinet colleagues to ensure national security and protect British agriculture?
I am sure that a statement would be very welcome.
As I said in response to the shadow Minister, we take the threat of foot and mouth in particular very seriously.
We want to work with our farmers and protect them.
This is a matter of national security, but it is also a matter of making sure that Great British farming is not affected by the outbreak in Germany.