Is the Minister able to tell the House how he is marshalling and co-ordinating political and official activities to deliver that, and who will hold the circle to deliver across Government, rather than just in silos?
I am grateful to the Chair of the Public Administration and Constitutional Affairs Committee, as he points out an important problem.
Siloing is a traditional and difficult issue in our system.
This is a plan for the whole of Government—right across Government.
The Prime Minister has been very clear with the Cabinet that the goals and aims set out in the plan for change are key things to deliver over the next few years.
They require a whole-of-Government machine, crossing departmental boundaries and ensuring that we are focused on outcomes for the public rather than on the processes, which sometimes detain us.
I thank the Minister for his answer.
The high streets have become almost a battlefield with shopkeepers trying to ensure that their goods are not stolen and that they are not attacked.
In Northern Ireland, we had a problem similar to what the Minister has outlined and others have described.
What helps is having CCTV in place, and a police force that is receptive and answers quickly to urgent requests for assistance.
Has the Minister had any chance to talk to the Police and Justice Minister in Northern Ireland to ensure that what has been done here can be replicated in Northern Ireland in such a way that we can all gain?
Not for the first time, the hon.
Gentleman speaks a lot of common sense.
Wherever people are in the UK, they want the freedom to go about their business—shopping, work or whatever it is—in peace.
We believe that some of those measures, such as CCTV, are important.
So too is community policing.
I am very happy to have a positive and constructive dialogue with the Administration in Northern Ireland and all the devolved Governments on these issues.
Powers in these  areas are devolved, but we share a common interest in protecting the public and ensuring that our streets and communities are safe.
I call the shadow Minister.
In recent weeks, in response to written parliamentary questions, the Cabinet Office has refused to commit to updating Parliament on the status of the targets in this plan; refused to publish information on the delivery board monitoring; refused to have an independent review and audit of the targets and to publish an annual cost analysis of them; refused to publish a risk register on meeting the targets; refused to publish an annual report; and refused to publish a public dashboard.
At the same time, Ministers have been unable to explain how a series of targets in the plan will be measured, so will the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster explain whether this a sign that his Department is being obstructive and evasive, or that the plan has not been thought through beyond the slogans?
I welcome the hon.
Gentleman to his place.
If he wants to know what the targets are, I suggest that he reads the plan for change; they are set out very carefully in it.
On the lists of processes, I said that we were focused on outcomes.
That is why today we have announced reform of the judicial review process to stop repeated, and often lengthy and hugely expensive, actions that delay important investment projects that are in the national interest.
I would have thought that he would have welcomed that.
What recent progress his Department has made on strengthening cyber security.
What recent progress his Department has made on strengthening cyber security.
The battle to ensure protection against cyber-attacks is constant and ongoing.
I made a speech to the NATO cyber-defence conference a couple of months ago, and said that the Government are taking action to strengthen our cyber-security and protect our digital economy to deliver economic growth.