I have, Mr Speaker.
Thank you.
I call the Solicitor General.
I have outlined the rigorous process that exists in the Attorney General’s Office and has existed across Administrations of all colours.
The House may be aware that the shadow Justice Secretary,  the right hon.
Member for Newark (Robert Jenrick) , has written to the Cabinet Secretary seeking clarity—the clarity to which the shadow Solicitor General refers—on that process and an investigation into it.
The Cabinet Secretary has today confirmed by reply that the Attorney General’s Office has a rigorous system in place to ensure that a Law Officer would not be consulted on any matter that could give rise to a potential conflict of interest.
He has restated that those arrangements are of long standing and part of standard practice that has applied under successive Administrations. [
Interruption.]
I encourage Opposition Members to take comfort from that statement—[Interruption.]
Order. [
Interruption.]
Solicitor General, when I am standing, you must sit down.
Mr Mullan, whether here or elsewhere, I do not want a running commentary from you on everything we debate.
Do we understand each other?
indicated assent.
Good, because I have certainly had enough of it.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
The shadow Solicitor General raised the previous experience of the Attorney General.
Lord Hermer is a very experienced barrister, and during his time in private practice—prior to his appointment to Government—he represented high-profile clients in a number of cases.
It is a central and well-understood aspect of the British legal system, as she knows, that barristers are required to accept instructions if they are available and qualified to do so—the well-known “cab rank” principle.
She will also be very aware that, put simply, barristers are not their clients.
As the Bar Council states:
“Barristers do not choose their clients, nor do they associate themselves with their clients’ opinions or behaviour by virtue of representing them.”
In recent days, the Opposition have cynically linked the Attorney General with some of his previous clients.
I grew up on military bases in armed forces communities in the 1980s, and I remember what it felt like when my dad had to check underneath the car before every single journey we made.
I note that because it is the backdrop against which I say that I would defend with every fibre of my being the duty of any barrister in this country, including Lord Hermer, to defend any client before any court, as we all should.
I will end by restating the principle in words that I think are particularly powerful:
“Don’t judge a surgeon by their patients, a journalist by their interviewees—or a lawyer by their clients.”
Those were the words of the current Conservative shadow Attorney General.
I call the Chair of the Justice Committee.
Does the Solicitor General agree that what the shadow Solicitor General is asking her to do, in a not very subtle way, is to breach the Law Officers’ convention by the back door?
If the Attorney General were to reveal whether or not he is able to advise on a particular issue, that would reveal the fact that he had been asked to advise on it.
The Opposition’s intention is clear: it is to gain party advantage.
The effect is to undermine the rule of law.
I very much agree with my hon.
Friend.
I am happy to confirm that where the Attorney General has conflicts, he will recuse himself.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
The shambolic Conservative Government created a crisis for democracy in this country with their cronyism, rule breaking and constant sleaze scandals.
They even appointed as their Attorney General  the right hon.
and learned Member for Torridge and Tavistock (Sir Geoffrey Cox) , who before his appointment represented some of the world’s largest tax dodgers.
The Liberal Democrats want to repair the damage that was done by the constant stream of Conservative sleaze and finally restore public trust in our politics.