Friend for that question.
We have arrangements with France to make school trips easier.
I think we agree across the House that school trips are an enriching experience.
The Department for Education works with the British Council on the learning assistance scheme, which the Government hugely support and want to drive forward.
With regard to a youth mobility scheme, I am not going to give a running commentary.
What I will say is that we will, of course, always act in the UK’s national interest and that we will not go back to freedom of movement.
How much longer will it be before we get an answer from the Government on the review of the vaccine damage payment scheme?
It was initiated when my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Tatton (Esther McVey)  was in the Cabinet Office about a year ago.
When will we get an answer?
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care met with colleagues on this issue.
We believe the vaccine programme had great benefits for the UK, but there is a compensation scheme in place for cases where that was not the case.
Earlier this month, the Chancellor rightly went to China to put our UK-China relations on a more pragmatic footing.
Will my right hon.
Friend update the House on what assessment he has made of the National Security and Investment Act 2021 to ensure that it remains fit for purpose in safeguarding the UK’s economic and national security as we cultivate new commercial links?
The Chancellor was right to go to China.
It is an important economic relationship, but there is a security aspect, too.
The National Security and Investment Act has an important role to play; it is there to safeguard critical areas of the economy.
We keep it under regular review, and we will approach the relationship keeping both the security and economic interests of the country in mind.
Two weeks ago, my constituency was hit by the worst snow in 15 years, leaving vulnerable and older residents, schools and GP surgeries blocked in by the snow.
I commend the Barnsley council team, who were out  24 hours a day, eight days a week solid, but because resources are stretched, their gritters can cover only the council’s primary and secondary roads.
Does the Minister agree that much more should be done to improve national resilience in extreme and exceptional circumstances where snow is prolonged by cold temperatures, by giving local authorities that cover rural areas such as mine increased gritting resources and access to snow ploughs?
I thank my hon.
Friend for the work she did to support constituents during the heavy snowfall, and I thank Barnsley council and other responders for their work.
This responsibility lies with local authorities, but I know that my colleagues in the Cabinet Office, the Department for Transport and the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government are keen for authorities to receive as much support as possible.
MHCLG will be in close contact with local resilience forums to see what support they need.
What progress has been made on improving engagement with those infected and affected by the contaminated blood scandal?
As the Paymaster General is aware, there has been a great deal of concern among those people and the organisations that represent them.
May I urge him to sit down with his opposite number in the Department   of Health and Social Care, which is responsible for getting aid to the organisations that support those people who are infected and affected, because they are desperately in need of the resources?
I will be carrying out another round of engagement with victims next week.
As I said in answer to the former Paymaster General,  the right hon.
Member for Salisbury (John Glen) , the role of user consultants in the Infected Blood Compensation Authority is vital as well.