As an immediate first step in reform, the Government introduced the House of Lords (Hereditary Peers) Bill to remove the right of hereditary peers to sit and vote in the House of Lords.
That Bill was amended and passed in this House, and will soon be in Committee in the other place.
The Minister for the Cabinet Office was asked—
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to implement the Government’s plan for change.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to implement the Government’s plan for change.
Since we launched the plan for change last month, we have published the elective reform plan to get NHS waiting lists down and the AI opportunities plan so that the UK is a great home for AI investment and the Government make the most of this technology.
The aim of the plan for change is to increase living standards, cut NHS waiting lists, boost energy security, give children the best start in life, make our streets safer, and build the houses that the country needs for the future.
Just today, we have announced measures to stop repeated judicial review attempts from holding up major investment projects that are in the national interest.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his answer.
Does he agree that the Government’s plan for change provides my constituents in Wolverhampton West with clear, measurable metrics against which they can hold the Government to account?
This will help to restore faith in politics and politicians, and enable my constituents to see shorter hospital waiting lists, better living standards, safer streets, better and more housing and a better start for our children in school.
I thank my hon.
Friend and parliamentary neighbour for his question.
I know his constituents well in Wolverhampton and he is right that a higher standard of living, lower NHS waiting lists, more housing and children getting a better start in life will be good for his constituents in Wolverhampton and good for constituents right around the country.
Vibrant town centres are so important for the health of our local economies.
Under the Conservatives, shop lifting was allowed to spiral out of control and we are still dealing with the consequences.
Not too long ago, in Hucknall, a shopworker was brutally  attacked.
When I speak to local residents and businesses across Sherwood Forest, they tell me that this kind of antisocial behaviour has meant that they do not want to go out into town at night.
Can the Minister confirm that the measures announced in the plan for change will deliver safer streets and be a boost to local economies?
I am very sorry to hear about the distressing attack on the shopworker in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
Everyone should be free to go to work without the fear of being attacked while doing their job.
I am pleased to say that, under this Government, assaulting a shopworker will be made a separate criminal offence.
My hon.
Friend is right to say that, on top of that, we need to do more to ensure that our town centres are safe.
Restoring community policing with the additional police officers and police community support officers that we plan will enable all our constituents to visit their town centres and go about their business with peace and confidence.
I welcome the announcement on the judicial review proposals.
The Government’s plan for change is an important endeavour, which will need not just Cabinet colleagues but civil servants to row in behind it.
Is the Minister able to tell the House how he is marshalling and co-ordinating political and official activities to deliver that, and who will hold the circle to deliver across Government, rather than just in silos?
I am grateful to the Chair of the Public Administration and Constitutional Affairs Committee, as he points out an important problem.
Siloing is a traditional and difficult issue in our system.