I thank the hon.
Gentleman for raising his constituent’s concern.
I do not know the specifics of the case, but more broadly, investment decisions depend above all else on a stable economy and stable public finances.
Without the hard work that we have done since taking office to fix the public finances and bring back economic stability, investment would be hampered, and our growth ambitions would not materialise in the way that we are determined to ensure happens.
There will be a rally on Saturday, and the Minister appears to imagine that this indicates acclamation for his policy.
We heard earlier in the week from  the hon.
Member for Falkirk (Euan Stainbank)  and today from  the hon.
Member for Newcastle upon Tyne Central and West (Chi Onwurah) —both well-known rural areas—that this is all about the landed estates and wealthy people, but I can assure the Minister that the farmers I will speak with in Castle Douglas on Saturday are tenant farmers and family farmers, and they face being put off the land after generations.
Is he really suggesting that I should tell them they have nothing to worry about?
I am not going to tell the hon.
Gentleman what he should say to his constituents, but what I can tell him about the Government’s policy is that we have reserved generous inheritance tax reliefs for people in  the situations he describes.
I encourage anyone who is concerned to seek advice, to understand exactly how the new rules might apply to them.
Sometimes I am absolutely flummoxed—we probably all are—by the Chancellor’s intent to tax working family farms, which we all know will result in the loss of small farms, the sale of the land and a reduction in food security.
Now it seems that the OBR agrees that it will not make savings.
Will the Minister commit to meeting Cabinet colleagues urgently to remove the sword of Damocles that is hanging above small family farms and hurting the agrifood sector as a whole?
I say to the Minister that there is a way forward: increase the threshold from £1 million to £5 million, and family farms will be saved.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question, but I think it was based primary on the OBR publication yesterday.
I reiterate the point I have made several times now: that OBR publication reiterated the costings and figures set out at the Budget, it reiterated the level of uncertainty associated with the measure, as published at the Budget, it provides more detail behind that, but the conclusion is the same as it was on  30 October .
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
Before questioning the Minister, I should have reminded the House of my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
My failure to do so, for which I apologise, was inadvertent—I just got carried away with the excitement of the moment.
Thank you for that wonderful clarification.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Solicitor General if she will make a statement on the management of conflicts of interest in the Attorney General’s Office.
The Attorney General’s Office has an established and rigorous process for identifying and dealing with conflicts, and potential conflicts, that arise from the Law Officers’ past practice.
That process predates the appointment of the Attorney General and sits against the backdrop of every lawyer’s professional obligation to be alert to, and to actively manage, any situation that might give rise to a potential or actual conflict.
Learned Members of this House will keenly appreciate the importance that all lawyers place on that obligation.
In identifying conflicts or potential conflicts, the Attorney General’s Office adopts a cautious and  “beyond reproach” threshold to any conflicts or potential conflicts.