Will the Minister please respectfully pause the measure, take some time to think about this, and come up with something that will actually deliver for the Treasury but not push our family farming sector under.
There still seems to be confusion among Opposition Members about what the OBR publication set out.
It reiterates the costings that were published at the time of the Budget, on  30 October .
It explains how those costings were arrived at, so that people can understand the calculations behind them, but the costings are the same as those published at the time of the Budget.
Mr Speaker, if you look at the Register of Members’ Financial Interests, you will see a reference to my family farm in my constituency.
Last Sunday, I drove one of our tractors to Fakenham racecourse to support the farmers’ protest against the APR and BPR.
I talked to other farmers, and the key complaint was that there had been no consultation on the changes, and no time for older farmers to adjust their affairs.
All those concerns have been rubbished by Ministers time and again, most recently today.
Now that the OBR confirms that it is more difficult for older people to restructure their affairs quickly, will the Government finally listen, show some humility, and consult on how best to tackle the tax shelterers while still protecting our farmers?
The comments in the OBR publication yesterday about older individuals reference a point that has been made since the Budget in debates in this place and elsewhere.
We have pointed out that our reform of agricultural property relief and business property relief maintains generous exemptions from inheritance tax; £1 million is subject to relief, and there is the 50% relief beyond that, the existing nil-rate bands, and other exemptions in the system.
Unusually, in Scotland tenant farms can be passed down as inheritance.
I have been asking the Treasury whether it has made an assessment of the impact on such farms, given that their farmers cannot sell land to meet the APR liability that they might face.
So far, the answer appears to be that there is no assessment, so I ask the Minister for an answer from the Dispatch Box: is he aware of agricultural tenancies under the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act 1991, and has he made an impact assessment?
The way to calculate the impact of changes to inheritance tax policy is to look at the inheritance tax claims that have been made, and that is what we have used as the basis for our calculations.
In fact, the OBR publication yesterday confirms that it used HMRC’s data on inheritance tax reliefs in the past and inheritance tax projected forward, and it is on the basis of that data that we designed our policy.
The Minister has just confirmed that the Treasury’s modelling is based on agricultural property relief and joint agricultural and business property relief claims, yet tax experts have said in evidence to the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Committee that many family farms will wrap their agricultural land into a single business property relief claim, so the Treasury’s modelling does not take into account family farms that have used a BPR-only claim, tenant farmers who use BPR, and the many rural family businesses that will also use BPR.
Will the Minister please take this opportunity to look at this again, before his Government wreck the countryside?
As I set out earlier, the need to reform business property relief is as strong as the need to reform agricultural property relief, in order to have stable public finances and a fair and sustainable tax system.
As I set out, 40% of APR goes to the top 7% of estates, and 50% of BPR goes to the top 4% of estates.
Given the fiscal context that we inherited, that kind of unfairness is not sustainable.