As I said in response to the shadow Minister, we take the threat of foot and mouth in particular very seriously.
We want to work with our farmers and protect them.
This is a matter of national security, but it is also a matter of making sure that Great British farming is not affected by the outbreak in Germany.
Under the SNP, every public service in Scotland is straining under 18 years of mismanagement, with Scots paying more for less.
Thanks to decisions taken by this UK Government, the Scottish Government have the largest budgetary settlement in the history of devolution.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that more money will not solve all the problems with Scottish public services, and that we also need a programme of reform?
Given that the UK Labour Government are instituting a comprehensive programme of reform, would he share those learnings with the Scottish Government in order that we can reform our public services, too?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to draw attention to the increased funding for the devolved Government in Scotland as a result of the Budget.
We are also putting more money into the NHS in England.
He is right to say that when we ask the taxpayer to pay more, that should come with reform.
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care has been clear about that, and I hope it applies elsewhere too.
The permanent secretary at the Ministry of Defence said recently that he would reduce the number of permanent civil servants at the MOD by 10% by the end of this Parliament.
Will the Cabinet Office be larger or smaller at the end of this Parliament?
The hon.
Gentleman has perhaps not been paying attention.
We announced our programme to reduce the number of civil servants in the Cabinet Office just before Christmas.
Innovation lies at the heart of our five missions.
I would like to ask the Minister about her reflections on seeing innovation when she visited Milton Keynes recently and how we can take it forward across the country.
It was wonderful to visit Milton Keynes and to see the work of a pioneering Labour council.
The work the Labour council has led to open up services to the NHS is a real example of the shift to community that the Government are committed to.
Milton Keynes shows that when a wonderful MP works with a Labour council and the NHS amazing things can happen.
With impending decisions on airport expansions across the south of England, communities in my constituency, including Flamstead and Markyate, are very worried, not only because the evidence about economic growth is quite low but because the Climate Change Committee has said that the impact on the climate would be rather large.
Can the Minister assure the House that the Government will be listening to the Government’s own advisers and will have a UK-wide capacity management framework before any airport expansion?
There has been a lot of speculation in recent days.
I would advise the whole House to not comment on speculation.
If there is an announcement to be made, it will be made.
Travelling and working abroad can be  an incredibly enriching experience, and I welcome the Government’s steps to strengthen our relationship  with the EU.
My young constituents would like to know specifically what steps are being taken to increase their opportunities in Europe.
What discussions has the Minister had with Cabinet colleagues and EU counterparts regarding an EU youth mobility scheme and any other further actions to ease work and travel for young people in Europe?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for that question.
We have arrangements with France to make school trips easier.
I think we agree across the House that school trips are an enriching experience.