I regularly meet talented, hard-working and intelligent young people across Ossett and Denby Dale who often feel detached from politics.
How quickly can the Government make progress on this legislation so that all young people have an equal chance to make the laws and shape our future, not just those born  into privilege?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right, and we want to see this Bill on the statute book by the end of this Session.
The role of hereditary peers is completely indefensible in this day and age.
Last year, the Bill was resoundingly approved by this House, and it is currently going through the other place, where it will soon be in Committee.
It is a clear manifesto commitment by the Labour party, and I look forward to it being delivered.
I thank the Minister for his answer.
Being the MP for Leeds South West and Morley is the greatest privilege I could ask for, and constituency boundaries ensure that all parts of our country are  represented in this place.
The same is not true of the other place, which is not representative of our nations and regions.
What work is being done or considered to remedy that, to ensure that all of our communities are represented in the other place?
As the Member of Parliament for the seat where I grew up, I share my hon.
Friend’s passion for representing my area.
He will be aware of the Government’s manifesto commitment to reform the process of appointments to the House of Lords so that it better reflects the country it serves, and we will consult on proposals for an alternative second Chamber that is more representative of the nations and regions.
In 2022, the then shadow Leader of the House rightly accused Boris Johnson of abusing the honours system by appointing cronies to the House of Lords, and promised that an incoming Labour Prime Minister would never do such a thing.
Now, having lost her seat at the general election, that former shadow Leader of the House is one of 30 new Labour peers waiting to be appointed by the Prime Minister to sit in the House of Lords.
Could the Minister explain how the Labour party stuffing the House of Lords with its cronies is any less of an affront to democracy than when the Tories did it?
I do not think the hon.
Gentleman can seriously compare the appointments we have put forward with what happened under the Conservative party.
We have already set out that each and every appointment will be accompanied by a citation indicating the experience to be brought to the upper House, and the people he refers to will make an excellent contribution there.
What progress he has made on payments to infected and affected people under the infected blood compensation scheme.
What recent progress he has made on establishing the infected blood compensation scheme.
What recent progress he has made on establishing the infected blood compensation scheme.
What steps he is taking to monitor compensation payments for people impacted by infected blood.
The Infected Blood Compensation Authority has made the first compensation offers to 11 people, with a total value of more than £13 million.
The Government have also paid over £1 billion in interim compensation, and in the Budget we announced £11.8 billion of funding for the scheme.
Yesterday, I visited the Infected Blood Compensation Authority office in Newcastle, and I was reassured to see the progress that is being made swiftly and compassionately.
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his update to the House.
I note the press release that went out yesterday, and no doubt there will be another one on  5 March , the day before the next Cabinet Office questions.
However, I want to be constructive in my approach; I, too, will be visiting the Infected Blood Compensation Authority in Newcastle, next Thursday.