Thank you.
We have a lot of questions to get through.
If you want to make a statement on that in future, I would welcome it.
I would welcome that, too, Mr Speaker, because the right hon.
Gentleman was not answering my question—just as he did not answer the question of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Dumfries and Galloway (John Cooper) , and just as his Department is not answering questions of any hue at the moment, as my hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingswinford and South Staffordshire (Mike Wood)  made clear.
It comes to something when Mr Šefčovič is a better guide to what is going on than the British Government.
If the Government are committed to dynamic alignment, that is a significant step, as the right hon.
Gentleman will know, because it could bring the European Court of Justice back into having jurisdiction over the United Kingdom.
So, for the avoidance of doubt, will he rule out the ECJ having jurisdiction over the UK in any regard in the future?
I am astonished by the question, because the hon.
Gentleman is also the shadow Northern Ireland Secretary, and will know the role that the European Court of Justice plays in the Windsor framework.
Turning to his question about the negotiations, we have set out our red lines in the manifesto, and have set out examples of things that we are seeking to negotiate—that is already there.
The Leader of the Opposition was apologising last week for the conduct of the Conservative party in its relationship with the EU.
Why is the hon.
Gentleman not starting with an apology, or did he just not get the memo from his leader?
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
The wholly inadequate deal with the EU negotiated by the previous Conservative Government has done enormous damage to British businesses, which have seen soaring import costs, increased workforce shortages, and reams of red tape creating huge barriers to growth.
The return of a Trump Administration in Washington changes the landscape of trade deals globally with the threat of high tariffs, and will be deeply worrying for many businesses across the country.
The UK must lead on the world stage again, standing up for our interests by working closely with other countries—most importantly, our European neighbours—as set out by my right hon.
Friend the leader of the Liberal Democrats in his new year’s speech last week.
I urge the Minister to be more ambitious in rebuilding our relationship with Europe.
Does he agree that the best way to boost growth and fix our relationship with the EU is to agree a new UK-EU customs union?
I am grateful to the Liberal Democrat spokesperson for her question, but as I indicated in an earlier answer, we do not choose between allies.
We are looking to deepen our trade links right around the world with different partners, but the hon.
Lady should be aware that we are ambitious on the UK-EU relationship, and we will take that ambition forward into the UK-EU summit.
What recent progress his Department has made on reform of the House of Lords.
What recent progress his Department has made on reform of the House of Lords.
As an immediate first step in reform, the Government introduced the House of Lords (Hereditary Peers) Bill to remove the right of hereditary peers to sit and vote in the House of Lords.
That Bill was unamended and passed in this House, and will soon be in Committee in the other place.
I regularly meet talented, hard-working and intelligent young people across Ossett and Denby Dale who often feel detached from politics.
How quickly can the Government make progress on this legislation so that all young people have an equal chance to make the laws and shape our future, not just those born  into privilege?
My hon.