There is a benefit to clusters in people learning from one another and in being close by, and it all helps contribute to our efforts in this area.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Last year, the National Cyber Security Centre, located in the constituency of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cheltenham (Max Wilkinson) , said that the Government were almost certain   that Russian actors had attempted to interfere in the 2019 general election.
We are clearly in a new era of politics.
Trust in politics is at an all-time low; disinformation is on the rise; and following instances across the world of foreign interference in elections, it is essential that the Government make a plan to address this threat to democracy.
It is vital that we take all possible steps to restore faith in politics to strengthen our political system, boost political engagement at home and protect our national democracy from external influences.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking to safeguard the democratic processes of the United Kingdom from foreign interference?
The Liberal Democrat spokesperson makes some strong points.
We have to take the protection of our democratic system and processes seriously.
I outlined Russian activity in my speech to the NATO cyber-security conference a couple of months ago.
We have to guard against it here and help other countries guard against it, too.
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Defence made very clear yesterday what we think of Russian interference in our waters, and the same applies in the cyber-sphere.
What steps he is taking to improve relations with the EU.
What steps he is taking to improve relations with the EU.
What steps he is taking to improve relations with the EU.
The Prime Minister and the President of the European Commission have agreed to strengthen the relationship between the EU and the UK, putting it on a more solid, stable footing.
I am taking forward discussions with my EU counterpart, Commissioner Maroš Šefčovič.
In two weeks’ time, the Prime Minister will attend a summit with fellow European leaders on European defence.
Does the Minister agree that the arts, musicians and the wider creative sector play a vital role in our economy, which is why working to negotiate a deal with touring artists is so important?
Will the Minister confirm that this is still a priority for him?
My hon.
Friend makes a good point, and I can confirm that our priority remains ensuring that UK artists can continue to perform and promote themselves around the world.
That is why the Department for Culture, Media and Sport is working collaboratively with the creative sector and across Government to address key issues for our brilliant artists and their support staff touring the EU.
As we set out in our manifesto, we will work with the EU and member states to explore how best to improve those arrangements, but without seeing a return to freedom of movement.
I am frequently contacted by businesses in my constituency who are deeply concerned about the trade barriers put up by the previous Government that are damaging growth in the north-east.
May I urge my right hon.
Friend in the strongest possible terms to prioritise pragmatism in our relations with the EU and to ensure that businesses in my part of the country can get the support they need and export the goods they manufacture?
My hon.
Friend raises a good point.
Of course, we set out in our manifesto that we would not return to the single market, to the customs union or to freedom of movement.
Within that framework, we absolutely take a pragmatic approach, putting the national interest first to tear down trade barriers wherever we can.
The end of this month will mark the anniversary of Brexit.