The whole House will be moved by the story of my hon.
Friend’s constituent.
It is a story from this appalling scandal that many of us across the House will be hearing from our constituents.
I am pleased that first payments have been made to people who have waited far too long for compensation.
Those payments were made by the end of 2024, as I committed to the House to do.
I also commit specifically to my hon.
Friend to working closely with the devolved Administrations to ensure that victims across the United Kingdom can achieve justice.
The victims of the infected blood scandal, including those from my constituency who attended Treloar college in Hampshire, have been fighting for justice for decades.
They have raised deep concerns about the slow progress of compensation payments; the Infected Blood Compensation Authority projects that by the end of March just 250 people will have been offered compensation.
Will the Government accelerate the roll-out of the compensation scheme to ensure that victims see justice within their lifetimes?
I am restless for progress on the speed of payments, and I will do everything in my gift as a Minister to lay the regulations before this House speedily.
IBCA is obviously operationally independent and—I was having this discussion yesterday in Newcastle—the test and learn approach that it uses, which starts with a representative sample of cases, will allow it to ramp up delivery.
When I was in Newcastle yesterday I saw a group of public servants working efficiently in a compassionate way to deliver.
What steps he is taking to reduce the cost of ministerial travel.
Across all our work this Government are determined to deliver better value for money for taxpayers.
That is why, shortly after we came to office, this Government scrapped the Conservative party’s VIP helicopter service, which was a grossly wasteful symbol of a Government who were totally out of touch with the problems facing the rest of the country.
Under this Government, Ministers must ensure that they always make efficient and cost-effective travel arrangements, which the Government publish on gov.uk.
The Minister refers to helicopter travel, and she has given her description of the previous Government.
Does she not accept that the Government are using VIP helicopter travel, not through the Ministry of Defence budget but through the Cabinet Office  budget?
Does that not make this Government grossly hypocritical, and is that not a symbol of how out of touch they are with the British public?
Under the last Government, the former Prime Minister would take helicopters for short journeys at huge waste to the taxpayer.
The Prime Minister’s ministerial travel under this Government is always decided with consideration for the most efficient and best use of time and, crucially, in the interests of the taxpayer.
Whether he has had recent discussions with the fishing industry on the UK-EU trade and co-operation agreement.
I engage with a range of stakeholders relevant to our relationship with the EU, for example through the UK-EU trade and co- operation agreement’s domestic advisory group, which I last met in September and which includes representatives of the UK fishing industry.
The Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs is the responsible Department, and has ongoing dialogue with the industry.
I recently met my hon.
Friend the Minister for Food Security and Rural Affairs to discuss fisheries matters, and I will meet representatives of the Scottish fishing industry in the very near future to discuss their interests in our fisheries relationship with the EU under the trade and co-operation agreement.
I am delighted to hear that those meetings are scheduled, because the review of the TCA is seen by fishing industries around the UK as an opportunity to undo some of the damage that was done by Boris Johnson at the end of the Brexit negotiations.