The OBR document published yesterday refers to the level of uncertainty associated with this policy, which is exactly what was set out at the time of the Budget, and it is a typical way in which the OBR responds to new measures.
What was published yesterday simply reiterates the OBR’s conclusions from the end of October.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that, once again, the Conservative party has failed to agree with the tough decisions we have made and has no idea how to raise the revenue to finance the public services that benefit rural communities like mine in north Buckinghamshire?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The party opposite—in fact, the parties opposite—routinely support the Government’s spending and investment decisions but will not support any of the difficult decisions we have to take to fund them.
The weight of public and business opinion is not with the Minister on this issue, and the body of expert opinion speaking out against this tax proposal is now overwhelming.
The Minister is a kindly man, so I wonder if he will indulge me.
What would he be saying if he were in opposition and that weight of opinion was being expressed against a Conservative Government’s Treasury policy?
The hon.
Gentleman is a kindly man, too.
I value the conversations that he and I have had outside the Chamber.
People looking at this policy, and all our policies in the Budget, will recognise that we had to take difficult decisions, and will understand the context: our inheritance from the previous Government.
We recognise the toughness of those decisions—they were not easy to make—but we prioritise balancing the public finances and economic stability, because that is how  we get investment in growth, which our country so badly needs.
rose—
Mr Dickson, I think you were very late.
I would not want to embarrass you by allowing you to ask a question.
One of the witnesses before the Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Committee told us that the Government’s changes hit the people the Government say they are protecting, and protect the people the Government say they are hitting.
It is difficult to improve on that analysis of what is proposed.
It really does not have to be like that.
There is a sensible debate to be had about reforming inheritance tax to stop the super-rich from sheltering their wealth while still protecting family farms.
His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs has its technical consultation coming up.
Why does the Minister not agree to broaden its terms, engage with the farming communities, and look for a way to protect family farms and get at those who are sheltering their wealth in land?
The policy that we are implementing includes generous provisions to protect family farms—the £1 million entire relief from inheritance tax for agriculture and business property assets.
That is in addition to the nil-rate bands that people can access as part of the general inheritance tax scheme.
We think that strikes the right balance between making sure we raise money for the public finances and protecting family farms.
Mr Speaker, have you noticed a pattern—that on a Thursday, a Treasury Minister will be asked to come to the Commons to answer an urgent question, and there will be barely a soul on the Labour Benches behind them when they do?
Order.
Surely that is not relevant to the question you are going to ask.
Come on!
The Office for Budget Responsibility forecasts that the measure will raise £500 million in revenue by 2029, which, in the context of tax revenues of over £1,150 billion, is a very small number.
What value does the Minister put on food security for the United Kingdom?
Obviously, the Government put the highest priority on food security.
That is why our policies set out to support it, and the farming sector more widely.