Gentleman is quite right to point out the advantages that can come from these things.
I am reluctant to make specific announcements about funding for specific projects.
However, the Government are determined not only to make the UK a good home for investment in AI, which will be huge around the world in the coming years, but to make the best possible use of AI in the delivery of public services, which we believe can get good value for money and better outcomes for the public.
The road will not always be easy, and there will be things that go wrong, but frankly, with our tradition of creativity and innovation, we want to grasp this technology and make the best use of it.
What steps he is taking to reduce fraud in the public sector.
Yesterday, the Government announced ambitious new legislation to take action on fraud, updating the Department for Work and Pensions’ powers for the first time in 20 years and introducing new powers to take on high-value fraud across the wider public sector.
At the Budget, the Chancellor announced the biggest welfare fraud and error budget in recent history.
Under the last Government, fraud spiralled out of control, but we are determined to protect every pound of taxpayers’ money.
I thank my hon.
Friend for her answer.
One of the biggest scandals that we saw under the last Conservative Government was Ministers giving out dodgy covid contracts to their friends and donors.
Will the Minister update the House on what steps the Government are taking to ensure that there will never again be a repeat of that shameful behaviour and that where the public have been defrauded, we will get our money back?
My hon.
Friend, as a local government leader during the pandemic, will know how hard things were for communities; sacrifices were made and people risked their lives to keep the rest of us safe.
He will share my anger at those who used the national crisis to steal billions from the taxpayer.
We will take action on that where the last Government failed.
The Public Authorities (Fraud, Error and Recovery) Bill, which was introduced yesterday, will give the Government tough new powers to investigate and recover money stolen from the public and will double the time we have to bring those fraudsters to justice.
What steps he is taking to reform public procurement.
Under this Government, public procurement will be laser focused on delivering our missions and value for money for the taxpayer.
The Procurement Act 2023 will commence in February, creating a simpler, more flexible procurement regime underpinned by a new mission-led national procurement policy statement.
I really welcome the wide interest of hon.
Members from across the House in this work and that of so many small businesses, social enterprises and voluntary sector organisations.
I look forward to bringing forward the NPPS to support small and medium-sized enterprises, tackle waste and deliver on our missions.
I am so pleased to hear about the national procurement policy statement next month.
As well as encouraging buying British, there are huge opportunities to use procurement to encourage growth and local supply chains, such as in floating offshore wind in Cornwall, as well as in other industries.
Will the Minister confirm that there will be a bold procurement policy that will ensure economic growth in every corner of our country, even as far down as Cornwall?
I welcomed the conversation last week with my hon.
Friend, who talked me through the importance of small and medium-sized enterprises to growth in Truro and Falmouth.
A lot of small businesses I have spoken to say the same thing: it can be too complex and slow to bid for Government contracts, sometimes those contracts come out too late and sometimes they cannot get on the playing field.
We have listened very carefully to what my hon.