What value does the Minister put on food security for the United Kingdom?
Obviously, the Government put the highest priority on food security.
That is why our policies set out to support it, and the farming sector more widely.
The policy is one of many difficult decisions that we had to take in the Budget to balance the public finances, support public services and provide the economic stability we need for investment and growth.
I have heard from many farming businesses across Glastonbury and Somerton over the last few months, but one farm in Hurcot near Somerton recently wrote to me to describe the anguish and stress that the changes to the APR and BPR have caused them.
As in the case of many farming businesses, their succession planning has focused on the primary landowner retaining the farm until death.
How will the Minister explain to them that according to the OBR, the potential loss of their family farm business is likely to have little impact on the public finances, and that the policy will hit the oldest farmers hardest?
The OBR’s publication yesterday sets out the costings that were in the October Budget.
There is no difference between the costings set out in October and what the OBR set out yesterday.
It simply showed more of the background behind how they calculated those costings, for transparency and so that people are aware.
Indeed, it says in the report that that is done in an effort to improve the public debate and ensure that people understand what is behind the data published at the time of the Budget.
As I said to several Opposition Members, clearly this was one of many tough decisions that we took in the Budget to balance the public finances, but we also made sure that there is greater protection from inheritance tax under our proposed reform scheme than is available more widely.
The Labour Government’s family farm tax will be catastrophic to farmers in my constituency in the Borders.
I will join many of them and their tractors in Kelso on Saturday, when the farming community comes together to show its displeasure and disapproval of this policy.
Farmers will struggle to pay this tax, so what assessment have the Government made of the policy’s impact on vets, feed merchants, machinery suppliers, and all the other people who support the rural economy?
Supporting the rural economy, public services and investment right across the country is part of Labour’s national mission to get the economy growing, but the prerequisite for that investment and economic growth is stable public finances.
Without economic stability, we cannot proceed to the investment and growth that we all so desperately need.
That is why the decision  to target agricultural property relief and business property relief was taken, alongside all the other difficult decisions that we took in the Budget.
This measure is now revealed to be spectacularly ill-considered, leaving aside the fact that it is also a breathtaking betrayal of farmers, who were promised before the election that this would not happen.
The measure groups intergenerational farmers with speculative millionaires seeking to dodge tax by getting involved in farming.
It has put an immediate brake on investment in farming, which threatens to lower yields and drive up food prices.
That then threatens to put inflationary pressures on the UK economy, which is already in a perilous state.
This Government cannot just agree with the OBR when it suits them.
They must agree with the OBR regardless of what it says.
Will the Minister please respectfully pause the measure, take some time to think about this, and come up with something that will actually deliver for the Treasury but not push our family farming sector under.
There still seems to be confusion among Opposition Members about what the OBR publication set out.
It reiterates the costings that were published at the time of the Budget, on  30 October .