What recent progress his Department has made on strengthening cyber security.
The battle to ensure protection against cyber-attacks is constant and ongoing.
I made a speech to the NATO cyber-defence conference a couple of months ago, and said that the Government are taking action to strengthen our cyber-security and protect our digital economy to deliver economic growth.
Last week, we announced important proposals to protect UK businesses from ransomware, the most harmful cyber-crime, which can often cost a lot of money and do a lot of damage.
Those measures will complement the Cyber Security and Resilience Bill, which is being introduced this Session, to help to make the UK safer from cyber-threats.
Given the critical importance of closing the skills gap across the Government and defence sectors to safeguard against emerging threats in this digital age, which worry my constituents of Stoke-on-Trent South, what plans do the Government have to collaborate with organisations such as Code First Girls to develop a skilled and inclusive cyber-workforce, as highlighted in the artificial intelligence opportunities action plan?
I welcome my hon.
Friend’s question.
The AI opportunities action plan gives us great opportunities and shows how seriously we take this matter.
I know that organisations such as Code First Girls are doing important work providing free coding courses for women.
I thank them for that.
It is really important in pursuing this plan that we have the skilled people to do it.
I am pleased to say that much of the cyber-security work in Government is led by outstanding women.
We want more people with the right skills, so well done to Code First Girls, which we look forward to continuing to work with.
Between July 2023 and 2024, over 150 cyber-incidents were reported by the local government sector in the UK.
Last year, the average ransom demand from a ransomware attack was over £2.2 million.
As the local government sector does not pay ransoms, the average cost to our councils of recovering from a ransomware attack is approximately £12 million.
Will my right hon.
Friend therefore make additional support available to local authorities to enhance their cyber-security and protect local services for constituents such as mine in Stevenage?
My hon.
Friend is right to draw attention to the threat to local authorities.
This is a whole-system threat.
It can affect central Government, private businesses and local authorities.
In October, my colleagues at the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government launched the cyber assessment framework for local government, which sets a clear standard for the sector.
They also provide monthly cyber clinics and support local authorities to improve collaboration, share intelligence and tackle common vulnerabilities.
There has to be constant dialogue and a constant fight against this growing threat.
Ministers in this Department and in others have been generous in  engaging with my repeated requests for engagement with Cheltenham’s cyber-security industry, where GCHQ and the National Cyber Security Centre are located.
There is increasing evidence that having the private and public sectors co-located is important for our cyber-security sector.
The Golden Valley development provides an opportunity to do that, and the Places for Growth scheme might give an opportunity for more public sector officials to be placed alongside one of our most influential cyber-clusters.
Would the Minister be interested in having a meeting about that?
But not at the expense of Lancashire.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
I congratulate the hon.
Member for his relentlessness in raising those issues on behalf of his constituency.
He is right to draw attention to the assets we have there—GCHQ and the National Cyber Security Centre—and I pay tribute to the officials working there.
There is a benefit to clusters in people learning from one another and in being close by, and it all helps contribute to our efforts in this area.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Last year, the National Cyber Security Centre, located in the constituency of my hon.