I recently met my hon.
Friend the Minister for Food Security and Rural Affairs to discuss fisheries matters, and I will meet representatives of the Scottish fishing industry in the very near future to discuss their interests in our fisheries relationship with the EU under the trade and co-operation agreement.
I am delighted to hear that those meetings are scheduled, because the review of the TCA is seen by fishing industries around the UK as an opportunity to undo some of the damage that was done by Boris Johnson at the end of the Brexit negotiations.
I met the EU Commission official who will be leading the EU side of the negotiations and it is clear that she is informed of their industries’ priorities and has a plan for achieving them.
The EU sees this as an important piece of work.
The Minister can only do what needs to be done if he is prepared to engage with and listen to the views of our fishing industries and communities.
I understand and recognise the strong interest in what happens in 2026 when the arrangements that were negotiated by the previous Government end.
I say to the right hon.
Gentleman that I will listen and engage.
We will protect the interests of our fisheries, and also fulfil our international commitments to protect the marine environment.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to reform public services.
As I set out in a speech last month, modern government is about not just what the Government want to do but reform of the state itself.
We want to see public services that revolve around the needs of service users, using new technology in the best way possible to  secure value for money and better outcomes for our citizens.
We have launched a number of test and learn projects with local authority areas to get better results on difficult issues such as temporary accommodation.
Just this week, we announced that we will launch a new gov.uk app in June, which will be a step change in fast and easy public access to Government services.
I thank the Minister for those comments.
How will he ensure that tackling health inequalities is baked into public service reforms, devolution agreements and local growth plans?
At the heart of what we want to do is improving living standards, outcomes and opportunities for all.
One of the consequences of the long waiting times and waiting lists in the NHS in recent years is that it has been tougher on those who simply cannot afford to pay.
It is therefore in the interests of good health and equal access to put in the investment that was announced by the Chancellor in the Budget, which is being taken forward in the plans announced by my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care.
The reform of public services and the reliance on artificial intelligence to deliver that led the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs to pilot the Microsoft Copilot program.
That pilot ended after six months, yet it demonstrated transformative improvements in departmental efficiency and was particularly beneficial for disabled and neurodivergent staff.
Will the Minister confirm whether funding for that tool, which has been suspended until 2026, could be released so that staff could benefit from its application?
The hon.
Gentleman is quite right to point out the advantages that can come from these things.
I am reluctant to make specific announcements about funding for specific projects.
However, the Government are determined not only to make the UK a good home for investment in AI, which will be huge around the world in the coming years, but to make the best possible use of AI in the delivery of public services, which we believe can get good value for money and better outcomes for the public.