As another Member of this House who voted in 2014 to recognise the state of Palestine in a motion that this House passed, I will say that progress on this matter is long overdue.
I hope the Minister has heard loud and clear the message from many of us that continuing to delay that is problematic.
The right hon.
Member for New Forest West (Sir Desmond Swayne)  might be surprised that I agree with him: there is a concern about what will be left of the state of Palestine.
Despite the existence of theogenic technology, Israeli forces are now burning to the ground the agricultural fields in northern Gaza in apparent pursuit of the tunnels that Hamas are using for their terrorist attacks.
We know that nearly 4,000 children in Gaza have been diagnosed as suffering from acute malnutrition.
We all desperately want to see aid resuming to Palestine, because we know that there is no future for any state if people are starving to death.
Will the Minister update us on the practical details he discussed last night with the Palestinian Authority about how we will get food back into Gaza and get movement in this process?
Just for the record, in case Hansard did not pick that up, that was Jenny the dog crossing the Floor, not a Member of Parliament.
I am sure  the hon.
Member for Torbay (Steve Darling)  is grateful to you for that clarification, Madam Deputy Speaker, even if I am not, as Jenny would always be most welcome on this side of the House.
I hope that I have reassured the hon.
Gentleman that we do have the legislation required to act.
I would be very happy to report to the House on the reasons why we would not do that.
I am sure the hon.
Lady will allow me to write to her separately to set out how I intend for us to do that.
It seems to be a reasonable request.
Returning to my original point, the current drafting would mean that DWP can compel information of that kind from private landlords or estate agents, but not from housing associations.
There is an inequity there that we are seeking to address with the amendments, clarifying the drafting and continuing to protect the personal information of service users of crisis support or advocacy services.
The Bill also brings forward new information-gathering powers that govern how DWP-authorised officers can compel information to support an investigation into fraud.
It also sets out where information must not be compelled—for example, to protect the long-standing principle of legal professional privilege.
Separately, the Bill brings forward powers of entry, search and seizure for DWP-authorised investigators, those tasked with investigating the most serious cases of fraud.
It does that by bringing those authorised investigators under the remit of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 in England and Wales, and by creating similar powers in  Scotland for DWP-authorised investigators.
That ensures that those investigators are governed by a similar legal framework to other law enforcement bodies that are granted access to use those types of powers.
Government amendment 41 seeks to ensure that the exemptions to information that DWP-authorised officers can compel are not applicable to authorised investigators when using powers of entry, search and seizure.
Government amendment 45 mirrors that provision for the PSFA.
Those amendments will support effective fraud investigation, as without access, crucial evidence might remain out of reach, slowing down our response to fraud.
Those exemptions are important, but the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984, which applies in England and Wales, already provides such restrictions and safeguards by only enabling that information to be compelled with the approval of the courts, coupled with similar conventions that apply for Scotland.
The amendment ensures that there is no duplication.
The powers in the Bill remain in line with existing conventions, as set out in PACE, and correctly reflect the norms of the Scottish legal system.