I welcome the right hon.
Member’s commitment to our plans to upgrade homes.
However, he is trying to rewrite history, because when we look at the record of the previous Government, we see many failures, but the most abject and egregious was the failure to insulate enough homes to ensure that households were protected from price rises.
That is the Conservatives’  legacy, and it is one we are determined to turn around.
That is why we are committed to upgrading millions of homes across the country.
What discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the opportunities for industry through the National Wealth Fund.
The National Wealth Fund has a critical role to play alongside Great British Energy in driving investment and jobs into clean energy industries.
The fund is already making great progress, including participating in the latest round by GeoPura, a UK-based green hydrogen pioneer, as well as supporting critical minerals in Cornwall, as part of our mission for clean power by 2030.
Our Labour Government are driving economic growth in Luton and Bedfordshire through our support for the sustainable expansion of Luton airport and the exciting new Universal Studios.
Does the Minister agree that we need to match those positive developments with incentivising investment in renewable energy to ensure that the pursuit of growth contributes to meeting our climate commitments?
The Government welcome the plans to invest in and around Luton, including the expansion of Luton airport and the incredibly exciting Universal theme park, which is on the “perfect site”, as its president said.
It also has perfect MPs.
These projects, along with the mass clean power investments we are delivering, will grow the economy and deliver direct benefits to the communities that host this vital clean power infrastructure which will take all of us off the fossil fuel market rollercoaster.
The domestic user of electricity pays 24p per kilowatt; the domestic user of mains gas pays 6p.
People who live in urban Britain buy their energy for a quarter of the price paid by people in rural Britain.
This is a massive problem, and I wonder whether the Minister could explain how the Government will address it.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for that question, though it was not quite about the National Wealth Fund.
He is right to highlight electricity prices.
This is a challenge for industry and one we inherited from the previous Government.
The best way to bring those bills down is to secure clean power by 2030, but he is right to highlight the challenges, and that is what we are trying to fix.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Last week, 60 Governments and more than 50 global businesses gathered in London for the first global summit on the future of energy security with the International Energy Agency.
I heard from country after country the hard-headed case for clean energy’s role in delivering energy security to free us from  the global fossil fuel markets controlled by petrostates and dictators.
I also heard from many clean energy businesses that Britain was the place where they wanted to invest because of the clarity and speed of this Government’s mission.
Homes in rural areas experience some of the highest rates of fuel poverty in the UK.
Rural properties are less energy efficient than the national average and many are simply harder to insulate.
Will the Minister confirm that my constituents in Penrith and Solway will see the additional challenge of rurality reflected in the Government’s ambitious warm homes plan?
One hundred per cent—my hon.
Friend is absolutely right about that.
The Minister for Energy Consumers and I often discuss how we have to ensure that our warm homes plan takes account of the particular needs and challenges facing rural areas.
I call the shadow Minister.