The Foreign Secretary has also spoken over the weekend to Pakistan’s Deputy Prime Minister and Foreign Minister, Ishaq Dar.
Heightened tensions between India and Pakistan inevitably raise concerns about escalation.
Effective channels of engagement to safeguard stability in the region are essential.
The UK supported the UN Security Council press statement on  25 April , which condemned the attack and reaffirmed that acts of terrorism are criminal and unjustifiable.
The long-standing position of the UK is that it is for India and Pakistan to find a lasting resolution to the situation in Kashmir, taking into account the wishes of the Kashmiri people.
It is not for the UK to prescribe a solution.
We will continue to monitor the situation closely through our high commissioners in New Delhi and Islamabad.
I thank you, Mr Speaker, for allowing this question, and I thank the Minister for his statement.
I have three further points.
First, this is a terrorist attack of the utmost barbarity, and it deserves to be condemned by all.
My thoughts are with the families of those killed.
The killing took place in a popular tourist location, and most victims were tourists.
Among the victims was a man married only the week before, who was honeymooning with his   wife.
The manner of the selection of the victims was particularly horrific, with the killers actively seeking out non-Muslims before killing them in cold blood.
The Minister will be aware that the Kashmir region has been the scene of previous terrorist attacks that have claimed many innocent lives, including in Chittisinghpura, where 35 Sikhs were killed in 2000.
What support can the UK provide to ensure that the terrorists are found and brought to justice, and to ensure that their networks of support are dismantled?
Secondly, there has been a significant escalation of tensions between India and Pakistan, including the measures that the Minister has outlined.
India and Pakistan have engaged in large-scale military hostilities in the past in the region, and there is a real risk that the nations could revert to a military conflict again.
What can the UK do to encourage a de-escalation of tensions, while ensuring the eradication of the terrorist organisations and their support networks wherever they exist?
Finally, the Minister will be aware that there have been protests in the UK outside India and Pakistan’s high commissions.
Those protests have been characterised by provocative language and gestures, including what appears to be a throat-slitting motion by an alleged Pakistan official.
Windows have been smashed at Pakistan’s high commission in London, and an individual has been arrested and charged.
Does the Minister recognise the importance of proactive work with communities across the UK to ensure that we do not see a downturn in community relations here?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his engagement on these questions.
I am sure that the whole House shares his horror at the details of this incident—the targeting of the victims and the way in which it was carried out.
First, I will address the scenes on UK streets.
We are aware of reports of the video that my hon.
Friend refers to; the Metropolitan police are investigating, so I will not provide any further commentary on that particular incident, but it is obviously concerning.
We take seriously our responsibility for the security of all embassies and high commissions under the Vienna convention, so both the Pakistani and Indian high commissions will receive all the support of the UK state to ensure that they stay safe.
As my hon.
Friend has said, and as I know many in this House feel, these issues have long been discussed with passion on British streets.
We call on all sides, all community leaders and all involved to call for calm at a time of tension in the region.
I call the shadow Foreign Secretary.
I thank  the hon.
Member for Smethwick (Gurinder Singh Josan)  for securing the question and my hon.