My hon.
Friend is right to point out that public charging points are critical.
That is why the regulator, Ofgem, allocated £22 billion over the next five years to maintain and upgrade the infrastructure.
I have had a number of meetings with network operators about this question, and I work closely with my colleagues in the Department for Transport to ensure we are rolling out more points.
My constituents continue to face higher electricity bills—among the highest in the country at approximately £961 per year.
One of my local hairdressers tells me that their electricity has gone up from £150 to £450 a month.
Will  the Government commit to bolder policies by easing restrictions on solar and wind power and driving investment in renewables to help struggling businesses?
The hon.
Lady is 100% right—clean, home-grown power is the answer—so that is an unequivocal yes.
Industrial communities such as St Austell and the clay country have been stifled in recent years by soaring energy costs.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking to ensure that industries such as the proud china clay industry are internationally competitive?
My hon.
Friend is right: there is a long-standing issue around industrial energy prices.
The key is getting off the rollercoaster of fossil fuel markets, because just as family finances were ruined in the cost of living crisis, it is the same in relation to business finances and public finances.
It is an essential part of the answer.
In my constituency, many elderly and disabled people face very high energy bills due to essential medical equipment and heating needs.
What support are the Government providing to ensure that these households are protected from the high cost of electricity?
We know that consumers are under pressure with energy bills.
That is why last winter, £1 billion of support was provided to help vulnerable customers through our warm home discount and through industry.
That is why we are extending the warm home discount from 3 million households to 6 million households and doing ongoing work to ensure we are supporting the most vulnerable households with bills.
Next week I will be visiting the site of a proposed project in my constituency that will create the only new interconnector between Great Britain and France, which can be built and operational by 2030, to help deliver the Government’s clean power mission.
Ahead of the proposed UK-France summit this summer, will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss how to expedite conversations with our French counterparts, so that we can move forward with this important project?
My hon.
Friend raises a really important issue about interconnectors.
It is something I have been talking to the regulator about, particularly in relation to France, and indeed to my French counterpart, Marc Ferracci, who was in London for our international energy summit.
I am happy for the Department to engage with her and tell her about the work we are doing on that issue.
During the general election, the Secretary of State repeatedly promised my constituents that if they voted Labour, their energy prices would be reduced by £300—not by “up to” £300.
Will the Secretary of State repeat that promise at the Dispatch Box?
We said we would cut bills by up to £300, and that is absolutely what we are determined to do.
They have gone up.
The hon.
Gentleman says that bills have gone up, but let me give him a little basic lesson: they have gone up because we are exposed to fossil fuel prices.
The only way to bring them down is by having sources of clean, home-grown power that we control.
The Pimlico district heating undertaking was built in 1950, the first ever district heating network in the UK.
It used to be cutting edge, but it is in desperate need of replacement, so that my constituents can have heating and hot water.