Ultimately, we are doing everything that we can to bear down on energy costs in this country.
That is why we are sprinting to clean power.
We inherited an absolutely atrocious legacy from the Conservative party, which allowed businesses and consumers to bear the price of a broken system.
We will not make the same mistakes, which is why we are cracking on with the job.
I think we are getting closer to the Government admitting their secret plan.
As soon as the local elections are done, Labour is going to sell out to Europe, and the result will be higher bills for British families.
But there is more: the EU is expanding carbon pricing to include transport and heating emissions, so alignment with the expanded scheme would mean extra taxes on every British family for driving their cars and heating their homes.
Will the Minister rule out aligning at least with the expanded scheme and say no to new taxes on everyday life—yes or no?
I am absolutely disappointed by the Conservatives.
I should expect more, but maybe I need to get used to being disappointed.
We saw the press release a week ago, and it has had no publicity because it is a Conservative party scare story.
It is absolute nonsense.
The Government are serious about bearing down on the cost of energy for businesses, and we are getting on with the serious work of doing that.
I suggest that the Conservatives get a grip and join us in that task.
What assessment his Department has made of the potential impact of the clean energy transition on workers.
We firmly believe that the clean energy transition is the economic opportunity of the 21st century.
In recent weeks, we have secured thousands of new jobs in carbon capture, offshore wind and British supply chains.
As we transform the way we power our country, we are determined to ensure that communities across our country benefit from good jobs and good wages.
That is what our clean energy mission is all about.
I thank the Minister for her response, but could she go further in setting out the Government’s assessment of how in the clean energy transition new jobs can be created here in the UK in the manufacturing of components for offshore wind and other green energy projects?
I was delighted that last week the Government were able to announce an initial £300 million through Great British Energy to invest in supply chains for domestic offshore wind.
The fund will boost domestic jobs, mobilise additional private investment and secure manufacturing facilities for critical clean energy supply chains.
We are publishing our industrial strategy in the spring, which will set out our approach to the highest growth-driving sectors, including clean energy industries.
There was more good news last week for carbon capture, usage and storage workers in England, with £200 million in supply chain contracts for the Liverpool Bay HyNet project, which will even benefit north Wales now.
That is on top of the £22 billion that benefits Teesside and Merseyside.
I have checked, and those places were not the centre of the UK’s energy industry for the last five years.
Why have the Government not allocated a single penny to the Acorn project in Scotland, where the clock is ticking and where investors are very concerned that this Government are not serious about it?
I welcome the hon.
Gentleman’s support for Government policy and for our investment in CCUS.
As he knows, Acorn is a matter for the spending review.
I talk to many industries in Scotland, and everyone is supportive of the scheme.
We support the scheme and are working closely with industry, but it is a matter for the spending review.
What steps he is taking to help improve the energy efficiency of homes.
What steps he is taking to help improve the energy efficiency of homes.