Friend in that.
I say to all Opposition Members who voted against GB Energy that many of them will now be getting solar panels on schools and hospitals in their constituencies.
Let all their constituents know that those are local MPs who opposed cutting bills for schools and hospitals in their own constituencies.
I welcome the £17 million of Government funding for Norwich’s Labour-led city council to improve energy efficiency in homes, which will help tackle fuel poverty and provide much more comfort.
Will the Secretary of State welcome Norwich Labour’s leadership on this issue and set out how we will provide more funding to local councils so that they can go further, faster?
My hon.
Friend raises a really important point about the crucial role of local authorities in relation to these issues.
One of the things that my right hon.
Friend the Deputy Prime Minister has done is devolve more funding to combined authorities on this.
We want to go further, including in relation to local authorities, because it is local authorities—including my hon.
Friend’s, which I congratulate—who know best the particular needs of their own localities, and they are a key part of the answer to the energy efficiency upgrade that we need.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of Great British Energy on job creation in industrial communities.
Great British Energy will support the creation of thousands of high-quality, well-paid jobs right across the country and help rebuild the UK’s industrial heartlands.
Just last week, the Prime Minister announced £300 million for Great British Energy to kick-start supply chains here in the UK.
Once the Great British Energy Bill finishes its final stages in Parliament, we will come forward with more exciting plans for our domestic clean energy champion.
I welcome the £300 million of investment for GB Energy announced last week.
I think we all recognise the opportunities of the green energy transition, but what opportunities are there for my Harlow constituents to be part of that publicly owned energy company?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to point out that, with Great British Energy and our clean power mission, we are trying to create the jobs that will deliver that transition here in the UK, which is something that the Conservatives failed on for many years.
We expect that funding, and much more that will come from Great British Energy, to mobilise more than £1 billion in private investment in domestic supply chains, driving forward manufacturing and industry here in the UK and the good jobs that go with it.
What assessment has the Minister made of the number of jobs that Great British Energy will create in the People’s Republic of China?
I think the right hon.
Gentleman gives the game away there.
Although the Conservative party did not particularly care where the supply chains were, we in the Labour party are committed to delivering good, well-paid jobs in this country.
If he was so concerned about investing in British supply chains, he might have bothered to vote for Great British Energy in the first place.
I call the shadow Minister.
When GB Energy was first proposed, we were told it would employ 1,000 people and create 650,000 jobs.
Fast-forward to February this year and that number has been revised down to 200 to 300, with a vague commitment to 1,000 at some point in the next 20 years.
As the general secretary of the GMB said yesterday,
“they are going to open a shiny new office…on a high street full of charity shops because they are closing”
the city of Aberdeen down.
GB Energy is a white elephant.
If the GMB can see it, why cannot the Minister?