What consideration have Ministers given to the urgent policy recommendations in Project Willow to provide accelerated investment in clean energy infrastructure and the jobs it promises for Grangemouth?
My hon.
Friend, who is also a really powerful advocate for his constituents, is absolutely right.
Project Willow was left on the shelf by the previous Government.
We put the money in to take Project Willow forward and we are now going to implement it.
Absolutely crucial to that is ensuring the skills of oil and gas workers are properly used in the future, including with the skills passport which also lay dormant under the previous Government and which we are powering ahead with.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Through my work on the Select Committee, I have heard repeated concerns from industry leaders that existing workers in their 50s and 60s see no point in retraining because they believe they will see out their careers supporting old technologies.
That has a knock-on impact on young entrants to the workforce, who have traditionally learnt their skills from more experienced workers.
Will the Secretary of State outline what steps he is taking to incentivise retraining to support growth in the renewable energy sector?
The hon.
Lady raises a really important point.
That is why we are working with the Department for Education to make sure we do not just have a clean power plan that will help to create hundreds of thousands of jobs across the country and invest in supply chains, which I talked about earlier, but crucially offer opportunities  for younger workers and inspire them about the possibilities that are available, and create opportunities for older workers, too.
All that work is ongoing in Government.
What discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the UK’s priorities for the UN Climate Change Conference 2025.
We are working closely with the Brazilian presidency to support a high-ambition outcome at COP30 in Belém which reflects the scale of the challenge and our shared 1.5° goal.
That includes ambitious new nationally determined contributions and the effective implementation of the global stocktake commitments, as well as action on issues such as tackling deforestation and methane emissions.
It was encouraging to see the Prime Minister’s commitment to going further and faster towards net zero at the international energy summit last week, because not taking action on climate change will cost us much more.
Does the Minister agree that clean energy is not only good for the planet, but can give my constituents in Bedford and Kempston energy security and lower bills?
My hon.
Friend is right.
Other countries are looking to us.
The conference last week was a good example of us being back in the business of global leadership.
Whether it is through the Global Clean Power Alliance or our national mission to be a clean energy superpower, we are spearheading the transition because it is cheaper, cleaner and more secure.
His constituents will benefit from that too.
I welcome the announcement made only a few days ago that the Government will adopt the amendment to the Great British Energy Bill to prevent slave-made goods, meaning that they will not be balancing their environmental consciences on the backs of some of the world’s most endangered and troubled individuals in the Uyghur population in Xinjiang.
Will the Government extend that to the private sector to make sure no slave-made goods are coming into the UK?
In New Ash Green and Ridley in my constituency, a solar panel farm is being put in that not only threatens the environment, but threatens to bring in slave-made goods into the United Kingdom.
I would dispute that it is threatening the environment, but we will be looking at the wider issue the right hon.
Gentleman raises through the solar industry taskforce.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.