It is welcome indeed to see the Government now playing a leading role internationally on climate action through the global clean power alliance, especially after a decade of failure that left us exposed to soaring gas prices.
It is also great to see the Secretary of State standing up to climate deniers in this House, whose hostility to net zero would keep bills high and cost areas like mine the jobs and investment that they need.
One area where we need strong leadership is on funding climate action fairly.
In the coming days, I will be introducing a Bill to make the biggest polluters pay for the action we need both at home and abroad.
I do not expect the Minister or the Secretary of State to comment on a Bill they have not seen, but will the Secretary of State commit to a meeting between his Department and a broad group of charities and non-governmental organisations working to ensure fair and just climate financing?
I welcome my hon.
Friend’s support for the Government’s climate leadership.
We are doing all we can to mobilise climate financing in support of the new collective goal agreed at COP29.
I would be more than happy to meet him and campaigners to discuss his Bill when he is ready to do so.
One area where we could show significant leadership is in the sphere of floating solar, which comes with huge benefits.
My constituency has 2,000 acres of raised reservoirs where we keep half of London’s drinking water—you cannot see the top of them, Mr Speaker.
Floating solar is twice as efficient as land-based systems and comes with none of the opportunity costs of putting solar panels on grade A agricultural land; in fact, floating solar panels actually improve the water quality underneath, so that Thames Water would have to use less filtration downstream.
I hear, however, that the Government’s solar road map has disappointingly little about floating solar.
Would the Secretary of State agree to meet me to discuss this further, prior to publication?
As I understand it, the solar road map has not yet been published, so watch this space.
I have been having conversations in the past couple of weeks with international counterparts who are interested in floating solar, and I would be happy to get the hon.
Gentleman a more detailed response on our plans on that front.
As the Minister knows, global leadership is about adaptation and mitigation.
Does she expect the Climate Change Committee’s report on adaptation, which is due out tomorrow, to say that the Government are doing enough in this regard?
Furthermore, will she show real leadership by requiring local authorities and major infrastructure providers to carry out climate risk assessments, so that, statutorily, they will have to ensure that climate resilience and preparedness form a part of their plans?
I cannot pre-empt what is in the report.
We will wait for it to come out, and then respond in due course.
On local leadership, the hon.
Lady and I share a local authority, and I would be very happy to discuss with it what more we can do to set an example—as Bristol has done so many times in the past—on how things can be done at a local level.
I call the shadow Minister.
As we have seen in Portugal and Spain, renewable energy can sometimes be unreliable.
Given the dominant role that China plays in our renewable energy infrastructure, will the Minister set out for the House the full details of the deal that the Secretary of State signed in secret with the Chinese Government?
My right hon.
Friend, the Secretary of State, assures me that the deal was not signed.
He will keep the House informed as and when it is appropriate to do so.
What assessment he has made of the adequacy of the transparency of domestic energy bill costings.