We are happy to continue looking at it in future, as projects develop and more detail comes forward.
I welcome the Government’s view that nuclear power is essential to our clean power goals.
What steps is the Department taking to ensure that new nuclear can be built wherever that is possible across the country, including in my constituency?
My hon.
Friend asks an important question.
New nuclear is absolutely part of the energy mix.
That is why we announced important reforms to the national policy statement.
The previous such substantive reform was based on the one I published as Energy Secretary in 2009.
We have updated the statement in order to enable new nuclear to be built right across the country, including in his constituency.
The power outages across Spain, Portugal and the south of France are a stark reminder of how energy security is key to national security.
It is vital that any Government are alive to the risks to our national resilience.
What steps have the Government taken to ensure that robust plans are in place in the event of power outages?
The hon.
Lady asks an important question.
I was in touch with the National Energy System Operator yesterday following the events in Spain and Portugal—the UK was not affected.
NESO and my Department take this incredibly seriously.
I would also add, given that  there has been some comment on this, that we should not jump to conclusions about what happened.
Let us see what happened and the reasons for it, and then learn the lessons.
Last month was a fantastic opportunity to welcome the Secretary of State to the Vaillant factory in Derby and to learn about Great British Nuclear’s incredible investment of £1.8 million in solar panels.
We know that, done right, the clean energy transition will support communities across the UK and thousands of new jobs.
What step is the Secretary of State taking to ensure that Derby is at the heart of that opportunity?
My hon.
Friend is right: this clean energy transition is about creating jobs.
I was delighted to open the factory, which is creating 200 jobs and is a £40 million investment, manufacturing cylinders for heat pumps.
This is an opportunity that this Government are going to seize for Britain.
This Secretary of State thinks it is a good idea to fill our fields with solar panels, at a cost of billions of pounds to the British taxpayer.
I hate to break it to him, but solar panels rely on sunshine, so why is he now supporting a project to block out the sunshine?
The hon.
Gentleman never ceases to amaze me, and not in a good way.
Reform has made its decision; I am not sure what the Conservatives’ position is.
Cheap, clean, home-grown power is the answer for Britain, because it gives us energy security and frees us from the petrostates and dictators.
We are in favour of it; Reform is against it.
Goodness knows where the Conservative party is.
Electric vehicle sales growth is at risk of slowing down.
Many private car and fleet owners would transition to EVs, but patchy provision of public charging for those unable to charge at home and inadequate power capacity for rapid charging on our strategic road network for long-distance drivers are two key reasons for reluctance to buy EVs.
What discussions are DESNZ Ministers having with power networks, charging providers and the Department for Transport to address this?
Order.
I have a lot of Members I need to get in.
These are topical questions—they are meant to be short and punchy.
My hon.
Friend is right to point out that public charging points are critical.
That is why the regulator, Ofgem, allocated £22 billion over the next five years to maintain and upgrade the infrastructure.