The only way to bring them down is by having sources of clean, home-grown power that we control.
The Pimlico district heating undertaking was built in 1950, the first ever district heating network in the UK.
It used to be cutting edge, but it is in desperate need of replacement, so that my constituents can have heating and hot water.
Will the Government work with local authorities such as Labour Westminster city council to make sure that all the costs of replacement do not necessarily fall just on residents?
Westminster city council owns the network, and we know that it is considering options for refurbishing and potentially decarbonising it.
In the round, we are committed to working with district networks to do two things: to increase technical standards, so that they are more efficient; and, critically, to properly regulate them, so that we protect consumers from unfair prices.
When will the Government decide whether to support the UK-Morocco power project?
I know the right hon.
Gentleman has an important interest in this project.
We continue to have discussions with Xlinks and obviously we are happy to brief him on those discussions.
Unlike Conservative Members, I really welcomed the £200 million investment last week.
It will be integral to creating the good jobs of the future in constituencies that are developing key technologies for offshore wind, like my constituency of Stafford, Eccleshall and the villages.
With that in mind, will the Minister and the Secretary of State visit my constituency to see GE Vernova and the hard work that it is doing there?
Yes is the answer; I look forward to it.
My hon.
Friend is 100% right: this is about the jobs of the future.
Conservative Members might want to turn their back on them; we will not.
As we need some oil and gas while on the road to a clean energy economy, does it not make sense to produce our own, rather than importing it from other countries and thus increasing the global carbon footprint?
A consultation has just closed on the future of North sea energy.
We have been very clear that our manifesto commitment was to not issue new licences for exploring new fields, but we will manage existing fields for the entirety of their lifespan.
MPs across the Humber region are united in support for the Viking carbon capture, usage and storage project.
Can the Government give an update on any progress with track 2 programmes?
As with Acorn, we think Viking is a really important project.
I am very proud of the progress we made on track 1, and we are obviously looking at both Viking and Acorn in the spending review.
Will the Secretary of State ensure that GB Energy has a focused plan to deliver, and to help the 1,500 farmers in my constituency to tap the latent energy in their becks and rivers, so that we can support farming as well as the battle against climate change?
The hon.
Gentleman makes a very important point about the role that local community energy can play; I think that is what he is alluding to.
We are committed to ensuring that.
Great British Energy local has already made some announcements in this space, including on local energy funding in England.
We will have much more to say in due course, but we want to ensure a partnership, so if the hon.
Gentleman writes to me, I will make sure that what he says gets to GB Energy.
The Scottish National party celebrated the closure and demolition of Longannet coal power station in my constituency without having a plan for its future.
The former First Minister pressed the button on the charges herself.
What conversations do Ministers plan to have with the site owner, Scottish Power, about the future of the site, and what role might there be for the UK Government in bringing investment and jobs to my constituency?
My hon.