I call the shadow Foreign Secretary.
I thank  the hon.
Member for Smethwick (Gurinder Singh Josan)  for securing the question and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Harrow East (Bob Blackman) , who also requested a question on this topic today, for the support he has given to India.
My condolences, thoughts and prayers are with all those affected by the murderous violent terrorism that has taken place in Pahalgam.
I recognise that for India and the diaspora communities—those in the UK in particular—this has been a really difficult week.
This was an act of terrorism, and we should call it out for exactly what it is.
It is part of a long-standing pattern of  attacks on civilians, visitors to the region and minority communities, and the UK must always stand with our friends during times of this nature.
We have a series of long-standing security and counter-terrorism partnerships with India, going back to the New Delhi declaration in 2002 and including the India-UK strategic partnership in 2016, the comprehensive strategic partnership announced in 2022, and the UK-India 2030 road map agreed under the last Government.
Under those partnerships, security issues have been absolutely watertight, which is why we must always be in lockstep with our friends in India.
Can the Minister tell us what information the UK Government have on those responsible for carrying out these terrorist attacks?
Do the Government believe that Lashkar-e-Taiba, the terrorist group proscribed in the UK, bear responsibility?
Are the Government aware of any cross-border links to Pakistan among the perpetrators of this terrorist act?
Given that attacks seem to take place at the same time as high-profile US politicians visit India—this is not the first time—do the Government have a view on whether this is a coincidence, or whether it demonstrates a pattern of targeted and deliberately timed attacks?
We know that the Prime Minister spoke to Prime Minister Narendra Modi last week, but has the UK provided any specific support in response to this terror attack or taken any practical steps to assist our friends in India?
Have the Government undertaken an assessment of the security implications of this attack for the UK?
If Lashkar-e-Taiba or a front linked to them are responsible, it should be noted that disturbing reports are emerging that this terrorist group may have had engagement with Hamas.
Have the Government made an assessment of the relationship between groups causing terror and destabilisation in Kashmir and those pursuing violence and terrorism that threaten our interests and global peace and security?
Finally, can the Minister give an update on the actions being taken to prevent tensions from escalating among communities in the UK—including protections for the high commissions, which have already been mentioned—and will the UK leverage its influence to ease tensions between India and Pakistan?
I thank the right hon.
Lady for her questions.
India is a friend to the UK, and we have been clear about the depth of our friendship in our response to this incident.
She would not expect me to comment in detail on intelligence and security matters in relation to this attack, but I assure her that we are looking at it very closely.
She is right that wherever terrorism is found, it is a threat to global peace and security, including in the UK.
I will not comment further from this Dispatch Box on links between some of the groups that the right hon.
Lady has mentioned, but I assure her that our security agencies take these matters very seriously, as she would expect.
The right hon.
Lady asks important questions about the Indian high commission.
As I said in my earlier answer, we will offer our full support.
There is 24/7 enhanced protection outside the high commission, and it will be a top priority for the Government to ensure that no harm comes to any Indian diplomats or, indeed, any other diplomats here in the UK.