As the general secretary of the GMB said yesterday,
“they are going to open a shiny new office…on a high street full of charity shops because they are closing”
the city of Aberdeen down.
GB Energy is a white elephant.
If the GMB can see it, why cannot the Minister?
Surely he agrees that the way to deliver jobs, growth and energy security and to protect communities such as Aberdeen is to lift the ban on licences, replace the energy profits levy as soon as possible and declare the North sea open for business.
I am not quite sure which one of the variety of parts in that speech the hon.
Gentleman would like me to respond to.
As usual, he steamrolls through his question faster than he ran the marathon— I congratulate him on that.
He happens to be the only person in Aberdeenshire who is against investment in his community.
When Labour Members voted to deliver investment through Great British Energy—not through jobs in the headquarters but through the investment it makes in supply chains and innovation in his city—he voted against it, and he will have to answer to his constituents for that.
What steps he is taking to support the nuclear power sector.
Nuclear power is a critical part of our clean power ambitions.
We are making strong progress on Sizewell C and Great British Nuclear is driving forward its small modular reactor competition.
We have also seen the nuclear regulatory taskforce set up by the Prime Minister, and we are ending the legacy of no new nuclear being completed in the 14 long years when the Conservatives were in power.
The transition to net zero is a chance to create decent, high-skilled jobs for the future.
That includes the next generation of small nuclear reactors, which could revolutionise our energy market and deliver cleaner affordable energy.
The SNP has vetoed nuclear energy projects in Scotland for almost  20 years, determined to leave Scotland behind.
Is  Scotland missing out on the economic opportunities that nuclear offers?
Planning matters, including the siting of new nuclear, are devolved to the Scottish Parliament, so it is rightly for it to decide.
However, I agree that Scotland is missing out on the huge potential of new nuclear.
If the ideological block introduced by the SNP were lifted, billions of pounds could be invested in Scotland, with the countless skilled jobs that go with that.
That could well be delivered next year if a Scottish Government are elected that take the industry and opportunity of Scotland seriously and deliver those well-paid skilled jobs—that would come by electing a Scottish Labour Government.
Data from the last year showed that Ynys Môn saw a drop of 57% in jobs linked to the nuclear industry; the worst figure for a  UK constituency.
Despite Wylfa being recognised as the best site for new nuclear in Europe, we saw no development from the last Government.
Will the Secretary of State and the Minister give us the recognition and acknowledgment that Wylfa needs new nuclear and that that will be seen in the near future?
The hon.
Lady has raised with me that point and the wider question of energy jobs in her constituency a number of times, and I thank her for that and for the way she has done so.
Wylfa is an important site and continues to be one that the Government are considering.
We will take forward those decisions in due course.
As I have said to her on a number of previous occasions, we are committed to delivering the jobs that go with that and Wylfa remains an important site.
What steps his Department is taking to help reduce industrial electricity prices.
Industrial energy prices doubled under the previous Government and industry suffered, as did consumers, when wholesale prices rocketed at the start of the Ukraine war.