As I have said to her on a number of previous occasions, we are committed to delivering the jobs that go with that and Wylfa remains an important site.
What steps his Department is taking to help reduce industrial electricity prices.
Industrial energy prices doubled under the previous Government and industry suffered, as did consumers, when wholesale prices rocketed at the start of the Ukraine war.
The best way to secure bills for the long term—for industry, as well as for consumers—is to deliver clean power by 2030.
The truth is that the Tories ran down our energy infrastructure, just as they ran down our road and rail infrastructure and our public services.
We are rebuilding that infrastructure, making it more secure for the long term and less reliant on foreign dictators, thus giving us energy independence, good jobs and cheaper bills.
Growing the economy will need cheaper energy, but INEOS’s chief executive has warned that Labour’s crippling carbon taxes and other levies threaten UK manufacturing and make us more reliant on imports.
When will Ministers start listening and realise that their dogma-driven energy policy is costing jobs and investment, and when will they actually act to make our electricity prices more competitive?
As UK Steel said recently, the main driver of the price disparity is the wholesale electricity cost, which is driven by the UK’s reliance on natural gas.
The best way to secure bills for the long term is to deliver clean power by 2030, and that is what we are doing.
Green jobs are great jobs, and I welcome the £43 billion of private investment in clean energy since the election of this Labour Government.
In order to bring down our industrial energy prices further, what steps will the Government take to get us on to clean energy that we control and off the fossil fuels that are in the control of dictators?
My hon.
Friend is right to point out the huge amount of private sector investment that is coming in with clean energy.
This is why, in the industrial strategy, clean energy is one of the growth-driving sectors where we have seen 10% growth in the economy.
We are also seeing hundreds of thousands of jobs, which the Conservatives now seem determined to oppose.
We will introduce the clean energy of the future, and that is why we are pushing for clean energy by 2030.
That will bring down bills, give us energy security and create really good quality jobs.
What assessment he has made of the adequacy of the resilience of the national grid against the potential disruption of offshore energy infrastructure.
Before I answer the hon.
Lady’s substantive question, I want to offer her my huge congratulations on smashing to smithereens on Sunday the previous record held by a female MP in the London marathon.
Great Britain has a highly resilient energy network with diverse sources of supply.
The national energy system operator can balance the system in a wide range of scenarios, including potential disruptions to offshore infrastructure.
The UK currently has about 15 GW of offshore wind capacity, which supplies about 17% of our energy.
In order to reach the Government’s 2030 targets, this will have to increase by three times to 40 to 50 GW in just five years, and to achieve that we will have to rely on Chinese wind infrastructure and technology.
What specific risk assessment have the Government carried out into the impact of this exposed vulnerability and reliance on China for what will be a significant amount of our energy supplies?
I will not comment on individual investment cases, but in every single case the Government make an assessment and we look at the national security implications seriously, just as the Conservatives did when they were in government.