The Bill as drafted would allow a DWP debtor who evades payment and holds an NI or EU licence to be disqualified from driving.
However, it inadvertently limits the court’s ability to order that person to produce their licence unless it was issued in Great Britain, undermining the power and causing administrative difficulties for the court and the Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency.
Government amendment 70 corrects this and ensures parity between GB, NI and EU driving licences under the powers in schedule 6.
Government amendments 73, 74, 77, 78 and 79 ensure that the application and limitation period in clause 99 follows the policy intention that the PSFA can investigate fraud and recover debt in England and Wales.
Government amendment 44 also ensures that the DWP’s debt recovery powers in this Bill are not limited in Scotland to the usual five-year time limits in the Prescription and Limitation (Scotland) Act 1973.
This makes it clear that the longer 20-year recovery period in Scotland applies to such provisions introduced or amended by this Bill.
As I have set out, the intent behind these amendments is to ensure the delivery of the intended policy intent or to ensure the correct territorial application of the Bill.
Motion made, That the Bill be now read a Second time.
Object.
Bill to be read a Second time on  Tuesday 6 May .
The Secretary of State was asked—
What assessment he has made of the potential implications for his Department’s policies of recent trends in levels of standing charges for electricity bills.
We know that consumers are frustrated by standing charges, which is why we are committed to lowering them.
Ofgem has been consulting on introducing a zero standing charge tariff that would shift the costs on to unit rates.
The consultation has now closed, and we will be working with Ofgem to take this forward.
Has the Department assessed whether the rising standing charges are discouraging residents in our constituencies from switching to heat pumps and electric vehicles because they are concerned about the fixed costs that will come with them?
There are fixed costs within standing charges relating to, for instance, the cost of maintaining and upgrading networks, which we have to cover, but we recognise the imbalance between the price that people are paying for electricity and the price that they are paying for gas.
We are committed to dealing with that imbalance, because we think it right that consumers can transition to clean heat.
That is the way in which we reduce the amount of energy we use and, critically, that is the way in which we reduce bills.
What steps he is taking to support job creation in the renewable energy sector.
What steps he is taking to support job creation in the renewable energy sector.
Since the last oral questions in March, the Government have consented to the Rampion 2 offshore wind farm, creating 4,000 jobs; reached the final investment decision on the HyNet carbon capture, utilisation and storage cluster, creating 2,000 jobs; invested £300 million, through Great British Energy, in UK clean energy supply chains; shortlisted 27 hydrogen companies for hydrogen allocation round 2; and created a new £100 million fusion investment fund.
This Government are building the clean energy future in Britain.
The reason I was here on that Saturday when Parliament was recalled is because some of the mightiest structures in the North sea were made from British steel at the Nigg yard.
On the question of renewables, may I ask the Secretary of State what we are doing about getting out the skills to fabricate floating offshore wind structures in the United Kingdom?
That is very much part of our plans.
As the hon.