Lady asks important questions about the Indian high commission.
As I said in my earlier answer, we will offer our full support.
There is 24/7 enhanced protection outside the high commission, and it will be a top priority for the Government to ensure that no harm comes to any Indian diplomats or, indeed, any other diplomats here in the UK.
We are playing our role to try to ensure that tensions do not escalate.
Many of us in this House are familiar with the tense and storied history between the two countries.
We are friends to them both, and we do not want to see an uncontrolled escalation in tensions.
May I pay my respects to those who have lost loved ones in the horrific terrorist attack in Indian-administered Jammu and Kashmir?
My thoughts are with them at this devastating time.
Many of my constituents have written to me about the escalation of hostilities here in the UK.
Can the Minister say what conversations he is having with Indian and Pakistani counterparts to address this situation?
This escalation is unsettling for communities within the UK.
British Pakistanis and British Indians are valued parts of our community, but we look to all community and faith leaders to spread the message that now is the time for coming together across religious and ethnic differences, not to play out the tensions between two states on the streets of the UK, and we will continue to send that message.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I associate myself with the comments that have already made, reflecting on the grief of the communities torn apart last week.
Tuesday’s horrific murders were utterly devastating, and those responsible must face the full weight of the law.
The escalation of tensions between India and Pakistan is alarming, as are reports of incidents of fire being exchanged by soldiers at the border, and it threatens to destabilise the entire region.
It is vital that leaders in both countries commit to an open dialogue and wider efforts to de-escalate.
We hope that that includes India committing to reinstate the Indus waters treaty, the suspension of which threatens water access for Pakistanis, and Pakistan reopening its airspace to Indian-owned airlines.
The UK must engage with both Governments and encourage a return to dialogue and a retreat from retaliatory action to ensure that decisions taken in the wake of Tuesday’s horrific attack do not endanger more lives.
Can the Minister confirm what conversations he has had with officials in New Delhi on reinstating the Indus waters treaty and with officials in Islamabad on reopening its airspace?
It is vital that effective channels of engagement to safeguard stability in the region exist, and we are encouraging both parties to that effect.
There has been a lot of speculation about the diplomatic measures that have been announced so far.
As we understand it, international agreements have been put in abeyance, rather than being rescinded.
In the long term, the proper functioning of water management in the Indus water catchment area is vital for both sides of the line.
The whole House is united in its condemnation of the horrific attack that killed 26 people in Pahalgam, Kashmir.
It has rightly been condemned by all in the region, and we must now see a full and independent investigation where  those responsible are brought to justice.
The response from the Indian Government has been somewhat concerning, with unilateral action taken to revoke the Indus waters treaty, risking the lives and livelihoods of millions in Pakistan.
We are now hearing reports of crackdowns in Kashmir, with 1,500 people rounded up by the police and bulldozer tactics used on households.
Hard-line groups have issued statements promising reprisal attacks, death threats and action against every Muslim in India.