Friend, the Secretary of State, assures me that the deal was not signed.
He will keep the House informed as and when it is appropriate to do so.
What assessment he has made of the adequacy of the transparency of domestic energy bill costings.
Under Ofgem’s current rules, suppliers must provide complete and accurate billing information.
Critically, bills are required to be displayed in plain and accessible language.
We will work with the regulator to ensure that suppliers abide by that.
However, it is worth saying that we recognise that many consumers feel let down by a broken energy system that is not working on their behalf.
That is why we are reviewing the role of Ofgem, to ensure that it has the powers necessary to be an effective consumer champion.
When it comes to bills, the public understand what unit costs are, but not what standing charges are.
When I raised this with the previous Government and Ofcom, they said that it was a complex matter, but what I am asking for is transparency, so that people understand how the charge is made up, and can then make a judgment on what it looks like.
Will the Government commit to asking Ofgem to ensure that that information is included in the billing, so that we can see the breakdown of costs—how much is going on human resources and how much is going on the actual infrastructure and wires—so we know exactly what is going on in the energy market?
We support transparency.
Ofgem publishes the breakdown of all costs within bills, but there is more that we need to do to ensure that consumers understand what is going on.
Critically for us, we know that consumers are very frustrated about the standing charges, which is why we are committed to lowering them.
As I have said, a consultation is under way around what we do with standing charges, which includes introducing a zero-standing-charge tariff.
Within that, we will be considering options to increase transparency.
Many households in rural and coastal areas, including in South East Cornwall, are not connected to the gas grid and rely on alternative fuels, which often cost them more.
What steps is the Minister taking to ensure that, unlike under the previous Government, these residents are not left behind in future support schemes?
We are very clear that every part of the country must benefit from this transition, so whether it is through our warm home scheme or the work that we are doing locally through Great British Energy, we are making sure that there is a solution for every single part of the country.
In my Department, I am doing a lot of work to make sure that we have a set of propositions for households in rural areas, so that they can upgrade their homes and have bills that are cheaper and homes that are warmer, which is the central plank of our warm home scheme.
I call the shadow Minister.
Several times now, I have asked Ministers to rule out aligning the British carbon price with the European one and each time they have refused to do so.
They have already abandoned their promise to cut energy bills by £300 a year, but alignment would increase wholesale costs and therefore increase bills for every family in the country.
Can the Minister, at last, be straight with the public and tell us whether the Government plan to match the European carbon price—yes, or no?
We are engaging with industry on this matter.
The Confederation of British Industry and Energy UK are clear that they should support alignment, but we are looking at that.
Ultimately, we are doing everything that we can to bear down on energy costs in this country.
That is why we are sprinting to clean power.
We inherited an absolutely atrocious legacy from the Conservative party, which allowed businesses and consumers to bear the price of a broken system.