In order to reach the Government’s 2030 targets, this will have to increase by three times to 40 to 50 GW in just five years, and to achieve that we will have to rely on Chinese wind infrastructure and technology.
What specific risk assessment have the Government carried out into the impact of this exposed vulnerability and reliance on China for what will be a significant amount of our energy supplies?
I will not comment on individual investment cases, but in every single case the Government make an assessment and we look at the national security implications seriously, just as the Conservatives did when they were in government.
I would just gently say that the reason the supply chains in this country are as weak as they are is that they were underfunded and under-invested for years by the Conservatives.
There could have been a decision, at the point when they took ambitious steps to move towards clean power, to build the supply chains here, but they chose not to do so; they chose to tow things into our waters instead.
We are reversing that, but it cannot happen overnight.
What steps he is taking to ensure that local authorities have adequate resources for energy efficiency upgrades for council leaseholders and social homes.
At the 2024 autumn Budget, £1.8 billion was allocated to local authorities and social housing providers, supporting them to deliver warmer and more energy-efficient homes across the country, targeting low-income households in particular.
This goes alongside our plans to raise standards in rented properties to ensure that no social or private renter has to live in a cold, draughty home.
I am pleased to see the Government’s commitment to provide thousands of low-income households with energy-efficient upgrades.
This could not have come too soon for my vulnerable constituents who are living on housing estates with outdated energy systems that sometimes leave them without hot water and heating for months on end.
Camden Council, which I know the Minister knows well, has plans to upgrade the energy efficiency of those estates, but in many cases it just does not have the resources to replace the heating systems with heat pumps, which would lower bills and carbon emissions even further.
What assurances can the Minister give me that local authorities will be given  the support necessary to deliver the energy upgrades to the highest possible level?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
Local authorities will have a critical role to play in our warm homes plan.
Under our warm homes schemes, we are offering substantial support to enable low-income households to transition to clean heat.
For example, our warm homes social housing fund allows grant recipients to receive an additional £7,500 clean heat upgrade, and under our warm homes local grant, £15,000 is being provided on top of the baseline to enable all households, particularly low-income households, to benefit from clean heat.
I know how on top of her brief the Minister is, so will she confirm that fewer than a third of council homes had an energy performance certificate C rating in 2010 compared with over 70% by last year?
Less than 12% of homes in the UK had decent insulation in 2010 when Labour last left office and when  the right hon.
Member for Doncaster North (Ed Miliband) , who is chuntering from a sedentary position, was in power, and more than 50% did by the time we left office.
Will she commit to a faster rate of improvement under this Government than we ever saw under the previous Labour Government?
I welcome the right hon.
Member’s commitment to our plans to upgrade homes.
However, he is trying to rewrite history, because when we look at the record of the previous Government, we see many failures, but the most abject and egregious was the failure to insulate enough homes to ensure that households were protected from price rises.