The former First Minister pressed the button on the charges herself.
What conversations do Ministers plan to have with the site owner, Scottish Power, about the future of the site, and what role might there be for the UK Government in bringing investment and jobs to my constituency?
My hon.
Friend is right to make the point about Longannet.
We have conversations with Scottish Power on a number of issues, including this.
He again emphasises the important role that nuclear could play in Scotland in the future.
It could obviously be an important site for a range of uses, but if the ideological ban on nuclear by the SNP were lifted, we could look at other opportunities for such sites.
When I was at the Scotland Office, I was regularly lobbied by retired senior executives from the electricity industry who wanted to state their concerns about how long it would take to reboot the network in Scotland if there was a major outage.
Obviously, I sought the necessary assurances from those running the network, but in the light of what has happened in Spain and Portugal, I would be reassured if Ministers sought those assurances again.
My Under-Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Rutherglen (Michael Shanks) , and I regularly discuss this issue, which relates to one of the first duties of Government.
I reassure the right hon.
Gentleman that not only is this a focus for Government, but we will look at what happened in Spain and Portugal to see if there are any lessons to be learned about our resilience.
As the chair of the all-party parliamentary group on fusion energy, I know that fusion technology not only has the potential to create thousands of jobs, but could also be the answer to our long-term clean energy security needs.
Does the Minister agree with me that supporting fusion is a good example of the Government’s crowding in private sector investment, creating jobs and winning investment for places like the east midlands?
My hon.
Friend is a real champion for his constituency, and for the benefits that the development of fusion will bring.
We continue to invest and to have discussions with international counterparts.
There is a very bright future for fusion, and for his constituents as a result.
The Minister will be aware of the switch-on of Moray West offshore wind farm at Buckie, in my constituency, last week, creating jobs, delivering clean energy and helping our nation to achieve net zero.
Does the Minister accept that the current transmission charging regime poses significant and immediate threats to investment in offshore wind in Scotland?
Will he meet me and industry representatives to explore that matter further?
We were delighted to switch on the wind farm; the Secretary of State for Scotland was there to push the button last week.
It is a fantastic example of the potential of offshore wind.
Of course, I am happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman.
I have already met him, and had a very enjoyable conversation, and I am very happy to talk about the issue.
The review of the electricity market arrangements that we are going through will look at the issue of transmission charges.
It is an important conversation to have, and I am happy to speak to him on the subject.
The United Kingdom was particularly susceptible to changes in international gas prices during the energy crisis, and bills and prices soared as a result.
Under this Government, GB Energy is installing solar panels in hospitals in my Camborne, Redruth and Hayle constituency, but will the Minister remind us which party presided over the worst cost of living crisis in memory—
Order.
Mr Moon, please.
You will not get called again if you carry on like that.
I am sure the Minister will know the answer.