Let me be crystal clear: it does not apply to anyone serving a life sentence, anyone convicted of a serious violent  offence, anyone convicted of terrorism, or anyone convicted of a sex offence.
Crucially, in contrast to the system Labour put in place, governors in the prison service have an absolute lock so that no one is put on the scheme who should not be.
Labour’s scheme let out thousands upon thousands of violent offenders on to our streets and even two terrorists.
Thankfully, we have toughened up sentencing against those criminals with new legislation, but the right hon.
and learned Gentleman voted against it.
Well, I am glad to hear that those on life sentences are not being released early.
The Prime Minister may not think that releasing domestic abusers is a problem, but Labour has repeatedly called for domestic abusers to be exempt from the scheme to release prisoners early.
His Government have shamefully ignored those calls.
Now that we have the evidence that domestic abusers are being released early—the Lewes report—will he finally change course and back Labour’s calls?
I have been crystal clear.
There is an absolute governor lock on people who are put on the scheme, in contrast to the last Labour scheme.
Prisoners were let out with no supervision, no electronic tags.
In fact, 80,000 offenders were let out—16,000 were violent, leading to multiple murders committed.
We fixed that system.
When it comes to this question, not only are we building the biggest prison programme in history, but we are deploying rapid deployment cells.
On the Conservative Benches, we understand the importance of prison, unlike one of his Front Benchers, who said, “Prison doesn’t prevent crime”.
It is always the same with the Labour party: soft on crime and soft on criminals.
The Prime Minister is literally letting criminals out early.
The only answer to the question that I have asked—whether domestic abusers should be exempt from his early release scheme—from anyone who is serious about security is yes.
Perhaps the most ludicrous part of the Prime Minister’s speech on Monday was when he said that he would not accept the idea that any of the problems people were facing had been caused by 14 years of Conservative Government.
He will not say how many prisoners the Government have released early; he will not say whether they are burglars, abusers or stalkers; he will not say where they are or what support their victims are getting.
Yet he thinks he has the right to tell people that they cannot blame his Government for any of it.
Does he not think that, rather than confiscating lanyards like some jumped-up milk monitor, he should stop issuing “Get out of jail free” cards to prisoners who are considered to be a risk to children?
Another week with no ideas and absolutely no plans for the country!
The Opposition have had 14 years to think about nothing but the future, but all they can do is talk about the past.
I am surprised that the Leader of the Opposition did not bring up what has happened in the week since we last met.
Statistics have confirmed that we have had the joint fastest growth rate in the G7 this year.
The Bank of England has said that the economy has “turned a  corner”, EY has said that our growth is “impressive”, and the chief economist at the independent Office for National Statistics has said that
“the economy is going gangbusters.”
The shadow Chancellor may want to copy and paste their comments into her next speech—or does she think that they are all “gaslighting” the British public too?
While I understand the need to upgrade our broadband infrastructure, it cannot be right that a company called BRSK is proposing to erect telegraph poles at the Squirrels estate in Hayley Green, in my constituency.
The residents are 100% opposed to these proposals, which go against the guidance.