Women experiencing menopause know that this is because of their age and sex, but the law does not protect them on that combined basis.
Why not?
The Equality Act 2010 already protects women on the basis of sex, age and disability.
It is this Government who are changing the experience of menopause by rolling out women’s health hubs in every integrated care board across England, so that women can access menopause support.
We also have our hormone replacement therapy prepayment certificate, which is available for just under £20 a year for women to get all their HRT prescriptions.
Over half a million women in England have bought one of those certificates.
The Minister referred to Labour’s Equality Act, which of course includes protections against dual discrimination, but the Conservatives have refused to enact those protections.
Labour would put that right.
We would also require large businesses to produce menopause action plans, which the Government have refused to do, and we would also publish guidance for smaller businesses.
We would set a new investment target for women-led start-ups, and we would transform the rights of women at work with a new deal for working people.
The Minister for Women and Equalities has suggested, of course, that menopause at work is a left-wing issue.
Does this Minister agree?
The shadow Minister fails to mention the Help to Grow portal, which has a menopause resource hub that enables employers to use that information to better support women in the workplace, whether with flexible working—under laws that this Conservative Government have introduced—or through simple measures such as recognising that even the uniform a woman wears in the workplace can make a difference.
This Conservative Government have raised the bar on menopause health and support in the workplace and in healthcare, while Labour for many years could not even define what a woman actually is.
What steps the Government are taking to help ensure community cohesion.
In this country, we believe in religious freedom.
Everyone should be able to express their identity, faith and beliefs.
However, this must be done in a way that respects the rights of others.
Community cohesion in many of our towns and cities has been strained in recent months, following the  7 October  attacks in Israel.
The boundaries  of acceptable behaviour in the public sphere are being tested.
That is why on  18 December 2023  I published new guidance for public authorities, reminding them of their legal obligations under the public sector equality duty, and specifically that they should consider how they contribute to the advancement of good relations in communities as they deliver public services.
My right hon.
Friend will know that, in Romford, our national, country and county flags—the Union Jack, the cross of St George and the flag of Essex—are flown with great pride as inclusive symbols of our shared identity.
Does she agree that all public buildings, schools and organisations should be encouraged to fly the appropriate flags as symbols of unity, patriotism and equality, rather than of division?
I do agree with my hon.
Friend.
The Union Jack and the cross of St George are symbols of unity, not division, and of course, as an Essex MP, I am also particularly fond of our county flag.
The point is that national pride should be celebrated, not shunned.
That is why anyone in the UK is able to fly any of our national flags without needing the consent of their local authority, as per Government regulations that exempt national flags.
I thank the Minister for her answers.
On community cohesion between different ethnicities, what plans does she have to make funding available to enable community events whereby each member of a community can demonstrate their culture and heritage, with all ages and all groups, and to build relationships in a similar way to what we are doing in Northern Ireland?
We encourage every celebration of the diversity in ethnicity that we have in this country.