Following the ombudsman’s multi-year investigation, it is imperative that we take the time to review the findings thoroughly; I am not entirely sure I agree with the hon.
Lady’s characterisation of all of them so far.
Broadly, we are committed to making sure that pensioners have the dignity and security that they deserve, including through the triple lock, which is increasing pensions by £900 this year.
I welcome tomorrow’s debate on the ombudsman’s report and we will, of course, take all views into account as we identify and implement next steps.
I know that my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister takes a personal interest in community pharmacy.
Community pharmacists play an essential role in reducing pressure  on urgent care services by helping people prevent ill health and manage long-term conditions.
Pharmacy First is a good example of Government commitment to community pharmacy.
However, community pharmacies are under extreme financial pressure and some are closing, including in St Ives.
This year, 177 pharmacies have closed, which compares with a figure of 116 in the same period in 2023.
Will he do everything he can to ensure that funds are directed toward community pharmacy, so that our pharmacy friends can help the Government to deliver NHS services where and when they are most needed?
As my hon.
Friend knows, I care deeply about the future of our community pharmacies.
There are over 10,500 community pharmacies across the country and they are working incredibly hard to serve their patients.
I am pleased that about 80% of people live within a 20-minute walk of a pharmacy.
That is why we are backing them with Pharmacy First, with £645 million of extra funding, whereby people can now go to see their pharmacist, rather than their GP, to get treatments for the seven most common ailments, such as ear infections and the like.
Not only will that ensure that they can get treatments closer to home, but it will help to deliver our plan to cut waiting lists and get people the care they need more quickly.
Three North Tyneside schools have been identified as having a structural problem—not reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete—and hundreds of pupils are now being taught off site.
The costs of putting those schools right significantly outweigh the £3.5 million school condition allocation funding for all of North Tyneside.
Will the Prime Minister ensure that the Department for Education applies this policy: if it is alerted to significant issues with a building that cannot be managed with local resources, it will provide additional support on a case-by-case basis?
I thank the hon.
Lady for raising the case.
As she knows, the Department for Education has provided extensive support and funding to all those schools that have RAAC, which in the end was less than 1% of all schools that could have been affected.
More generally, there is the very significant amount we are investing in school rebuilding and maintenance.
I am sure the Education Secretary will have heard her concerns and will write to her in due course.
The clear message from yesterday’s Farm to Fork summit is that food security matters.
As we await today’s written statement on ground-mounted solar, can my right hon.
Friend assure me that proposed solar installations in my constituency, which would cover thousands of acres of agricultural land—from a 2,100 acre installation in the Claydons, called Rosefield, to smaller but equally destructive ones, such as the one proposed for an area near the village of Kimblewick—now have less chance of getting approved?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise this.
Particularly at a time of increasing geopolitical risk, we must protect this nation’s food security and our most valuable agricultural land.
We  can achieve our solar deployment targets by using brownfield sites and rooftops away from our best farmland.
I know he looks forward to the Energy Secretary’s statement later today, which will ensure we avoid using our best agricultural land.