Has it already arrived, and what is the timetable for the rest?
This is completely unfair on the armed forces out there.
My right hon.
Friend’s analogy of Russia as a bully is absolutely correct.
We are focused on increasing ammunition supplies.
My judgment is that the $61 billion package from the US, combined with our additional support, will result in a tangible improvement in the operational situation on the frontline.
As we know, Georgia, alongside Ukraine, aspires to join NATO.
Does the Minister agree, therefore, that it is important that Georgia respects peaceful protest?
On Ukraine, with the Russians closing in on being within artillery range of Kharkiv, what military support can we deliver now to prevent Russia from being able to bombard that city, which would be catastrophic for the civilian population?
I agree with my hon.
Friend’s analysis of Georgia’s NATO aspirations—that is clear.
The support we can give now is to continue our remarkable supply of lethal aid, particularly with regard to air defence.
What Putin is doing in Georgia now is exactly the same thing that he tried to do in Ukraine 10 years ago, yet unlike the American Government, the British Government do not seem to be thinking of any recalibration at all with the current Georgian regime, which is beating up its own citizens in the streets of Tbilisi.
Why has the Georgian ambassador in London not at least been summoned?
What action, rather than just words, has been taken to make our views completely clear to the current Georgian Government that their behaviour and this legislation is unacceptable?
In truth, those are questions for my colleagues in the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office, but our analysis is that the strong relationship we have with the Georgians in the defence sector is an important means of ensuring that their direction of travel is a positive one.
There is growing concern across central and northern Europe about Georgia.
Will the Minister have conversations  with colleagues in government to ensure that the commitment to NATO of our partners across Europe is increased, to prepare for the undoubted expansionism that Putin is currently engaged in and that he will probably step up in the coming months?
The answer is yes, Mr Speaker.
Of course, the hon.
Gentleman will have observed, as I have, that the consequence of Putin’s effort to demonstrate NATO’s weakness has been exactly the opposite: NATO is now larger and stronger than it was before February 2022.
We will lead the way in ensuring that all members meet the investment required to be a member of that tremendous defensive alliance.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon)  on securing this urgent question.
The United Kingdom has led the world in supporting Ukraine militarily, economically, diplomatically and politically, and as a former Minister with responsibility for sanctions, I saw the real impact that the United Kingdom could have with its partners in working together on this issue.
There is, however, a real loophole within the international strategy to cut off Putin’s finances: the United Nations peacekeeping force, of which we are a member, currently procures its military helicopters from Russia, so that money goes back into Putin’s pockets.
Were the Minister or the Government aware of that fact, and now that they are, will the Government raise it at the G7 to urgently ensure we cut off Putin’s finances?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising that point, and will ensure that my colleague, the Minister with responsibility for sanctions, takes it into account.
We are united in our determination to support Ukraine as it seeks to defeat Putin.
Labour welcomed the creation of a new UK-Latvian drone capability coalition earlier this year and the UK’s commitment to spend £200 million on drones for Ukraine.
Can the Minister confirm when the first drones under that initiative will be delivered to Ukrainian forces?
Very soon.