Gentleman pointed out the remarkable courage of our Ukrainian friends in their efforts to counter the new axis of advance in the Kharkiv region, and we sincerely welcome the continued cross-party support for Ukraine.
The hon.
Gentleman expressed a concern, which we share, about the new law passed in Georgia.
That is on the agenda of our discussions with allies; it is beyond  my scope to comment on what might be on the agenda for the G7 or the EPC, but it is certainly an issue of concern that we discuss with trusted partners, and we have done so very frequently recently.
A huge amount of institutional effort from our side is going into countering disinformation across the entire region, as well as in the western Balkans and central Asia—the former so-called satellite states of Russia, which have a particular vulnerability to disinformation from the Kremlin.
I will not go into detail about that effort, but it is a significant piece of work and will continue to be important.
The hon.
Gentleman asked a good question about air defence.
We have gifted thousands of units of air defence to Ukraine.
There will surely be more to come.
The uplift in financial support that we have announced will clearly be an issue for the Ukrainians through our gifting programme, and air defence will feature heavily in that.
I call the Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon)  on securing this important urgent question.
The brutalisation of peaceful, ordinary Georgians and the hospitalisation of opposition leader David Katsarava are utterly shameful.
Can the Minister assure us that he will protest directly to the Georgian Government and call in the ambassador regarding the abuses of the public that we are seeing on our screens daily?
On Ukraine, the fall of Avdiivka at the start of this year was the shameful result of allied inaction on getting Ukraine what it needed.
That falls on us.
We cannot now see the same take place in Kharkiv, which is under assault for the reasons set out already in this discussion.
Can the Minister please assure us that sufficient ammunition is reaching the frontline now and update us on what we are doing to procure sufficient artillery shells?
Ukraine, as ever, needs us to give it enough to win and not just to survive.
We of course express our concerns about the direction of travel with regard to protest in Georgia.
I know that the Foreign Office has made representations to the ambassador here and will continue to keep a watching brief on that issue.
My hon.
Friend asks about Kharkiv.
Of course, ammunition supply is a central component of our effort, both politically and in terms of what we are gifting and sourcing.
We have given over 300,000 units of ammunition.
However, we acknowledge that we must all, in the coalition of friendly western nations, mobilise to a far greater degree.
That is why we think that initiatives coming from the Czech side and across all European and NATO partners are important.
We must strain every sinew to ensure that the flow continues.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
Those of us on the SNP Benches join the cross-party support, and I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon)  on securing the urgent question.
To follow the question from the Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee on what more we can do for Ukraine, does the Minister agree that now is the time for the UK to join other NATO allies in supporting the Czechia munitions programme, on top of what has already been provided?
On Georgia, the Government state that their aim is
“to advance Georgia’s Euro-Atlantic integration through…security cooperation and support for democratic reforms.”
Given the Dream party’s lurch away from democratic reform, how stable is that integration and security co-operation?