Does the Minister agree?
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right.
We are currently consulting on the NHS constitution, which will give women not just the right to same-sex accommodation in hospitals, but the right to ask for someone of the same sex to conduct intimate examinations.
There are safeguards, and we are looking at some of the incidents in trusts in order to better protect patients and staff.
She is absolutely right to raise the issue of data collection and ensuring that that is happening.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to encourage more people from Black, Asian and ethnic minority communities to start up a business.
The Government have worked to advance equality of access to start-up opportunities, irrespective of social background or race.
We have a range of business support programmes and Government-backed financial support through Help to Grow: Management, growth hubs and the British Business Bank.
The success of our endeavours to engage and support diverse business leaders can be seen in the data.
In 2023, 44% of the 30,000 people in England helped by the business support helpline were from ethnic minority backgrounds.
I thank the Minister for that response, although I found it a little difficult to hear.
Bristol has a thriving and entrepreneurial Somali community, but one of the things they constantly come across is almost an expectation that they will set up businesses that serve just their community, rather than being part of mainstream regeneration efforts and the general commercial life of the city.
What is the Equalities department doing to try to ensure that those people can make that breakthrough from just being community-based projects?
It is interesting that a number of people have that perception that they should stay in their lane.
This Government do not support any sort of activity that is segregationist.
We believe that we must treat people equally under the law.
All of our access programmes are available irrespective of ethnicity.
People should be encouraged to serve the entire community, not just people who look and sound like them.
Some of the schemes that I mentioned in my earlier answer are available.
The hon.
Lady should know that the Start Up Loans Company reported that in her constituency 42 start-up loans were issued to ethnic minority-led start-ups, for about £315,000, so there are opportunities out there.
I am happy to write to her with more information if she needs it.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Institutions should be able to operate free from ideological pressures.
I am delighted that the Equality and Human Rights Commission has retained its accreditation as an A-status national human rights institution, denoting full compliance with the Paris principles, despite Stonewall’s attempt to have it stripped of its status at the UN.
As I have said before, Stonewall does not dictate the law in this country, or indeed in the UN.
The Equality and Human Rights Commission, having retained its A-status, retains its independent participation rights at the UN Human Rights Council and remains able to report directly to the United Nations on human rights issues.
Data from the Office for National Statistics shows that 25.3% of women are economically inactive, compared with 18.4% of men.
Many women say that access to flexible working could see them return to the paid workplace.
What steps is the Minister taking alongside her Cabinet colleagues to ensure that all workers have access to flexibility in their working hours?
There is a lot that my Department in particular is doing.
We have put out multiple bits of legislation that will help to entrench workplace equality, whether that is around flexible working rights or sexual harassment in the workplace.
We are doing more even on the trade side, where we continue to ensure that we have provisions that advance gender equality in our free trade agreements because we want to break down barriers and create opportunities for female entrepreneurs.