The shadow Chancellor may want to copy and paste their comments into her next speech—or does she think that they are all “gaslighting” the British public too?
While I understand the need to upgrade our broadband infrastructure, it cannot be right that a company called BRSK is proposing to erect telegraph poles at the Squirrels estate in Hayley Green, in my constituency.
The residents are 100% opposed to these proposals, which go against the guidance.
Does the Prime Minister agree that BRSK should abandon its proposals, that there should be a review of permitted development rights in relation to this type of infrastructure, and that he should give Ofcom more power to investigate breaches?
I thank my hon.
Friend for rightly championing the views of his constituents on this important topic.
Network operators must follow legal obligations when deploying their networks and Ofcom can, in fact, investigate reports of failure to follow those obligations.
I know that the Minister for Data and Digital Infrastructure, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Hornchurch and Upminster (Julia Lopez) , met representatives of the sector and Ofcom recently to raise concerns about reports of poor pole siting and asked operators to share infrastructure, and I will ask her specifically to give my hon.
Friend a more detailed update.
I call the leader of the Scottish National party.
On Monday, the Prime Minister outlined what he considers to be extremist threats to our society, and in doing so he actively compared North Korea, Iran and Russia with those people in Scotland who believe in independence, so can I ask him to rise, once, to the standards befitting his office, and apologise for those puerile and pathetic remarks?
That is not what I said, but I will say to the hon.
Gentleman that his party is indeed a threat to the integrity of the United Kingdom.
I hate to remind him that that is literally its entire purpose.
When the people of Scotland accepted the referendum result in 2014, it was the SNP that didn’t.
It went on creating a Minister for independence, focusing on constitutional wrangling and ignoring the needs of the people.
Education standards are falling and taxes are rising.
It is the right hon.
Gentleman who should finally do the right thing: end the obsession with independence, and put the needs of the Scottish people first.
Let us be clear.
What the Prime Minister did was not just equate my colleagues and I to dangerous despots across the world; he proactively compared almost half the Scottish population to a war criminal like Vladimir Putin, and he did so as their Prime Minister, as the man who represents them on the world stage and as the man who on these isles is tasked with defending  their liberties and their democracy.
We know that his sorry time in office is rapidly coming to a conclusion, but is this really how he wants to be remembered?
As ever, the right hon.
Gentleman is distracting from the actual record of what the SNP is doing in Scotland.
This obsession with independence means that Scottish schoolchildren are being let down, plummeting down international league tables; the Scottish NHS is the only place in the United Kingdom where funding is actually falling in real terms; and taxes are going up for ordinary hard-working families and small businesses.
That is what the SNP is doing in Scotland while this UK Government are delivering for them.
Will the Prime Minister join me in congratulating Uxbridge College, which has recently entered into a pioneering partnership with the Massachusetts Institute of Technology?
This is groundbreaking work for the further education sector and it will have great benefits for local businesses and local students, and for the education sector and the local economy.
I join my hon.
Friend in congratulating Uxbridge College and the West London Institute of Technology on their collaboration with MIT.