Friend’s survey to be properly considered, and I will ensure that he meets the Justice Secretary to discuss his proposals further.
In Gaza, Israel has attacked hospitals, attacked refugee camps and killed aid workers.
Israel has blocked vital aid, turned off water supplies and denied access to food.
Israel has killed thousands upon thousands of innocent civilians as the world watches, trampling all over international humanitarian law.
No other country would be allowed to act with such impunity.
Why does the Prime Minister allow Israel to get away with it unchallenged?
And why does he continue to act as a bystander to such horror?
We do support, and I do support, Israel’s right to defend itself and remove the threat that Hamas, the terrorist organisation, pose to its people.
But I am also deeply concerned about the growing humanitarian crisis in Gaza, and I have consistently made that point at this Dispatch Box and to Prime Minister Netanyahu.
We must see further action to ensure that more aid gets to people who desperately need it; the Rafah and Kerem Shalom crossings must be open to allow more aid in.
We are doing everything we  can, trebling our investment; trying to get aid in by land, air and sea; and currently working with allies to build a temporary pier.
The hon.
Lady can rest assured that the Government will continue to do everything we can to get support to the people in Gaza who need it.
Last week, along with apprentices from the nuclear fuel company Urenco, I visited Coleg Menai in Llangefni.
The students were excited, but they need certainty about the future of Wylfa before they commit to a career in nuclear.
Will the Prime Minister confirm when Great British Nuclear will decide whether Wylfa will be a gigawatt or a small modular reactor site, when my students can expect to see spades in the ground and when his brilliant nuclear Minister, the Under-Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, my hon.
Friend the Member for West Aberdeenshire and Kincardine (Andrew Bowie), will be able to visit Wylfa again to announce some good news?
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Ynys Môn (Virginia Crosbie)  is a tireless campaigner for the Wylfa nuclear site in her constituency.
As she knows, at the spring Budget the Chancellor announced that Great British Nuclear has reached an agreement to purchase the site at Wylfa, and it and one other site will be vital to achieving our aim of more energy security from nuclear power.
Decisions have not yet been made on the final sites to be used, but, as ever, she makes a very strong and compelling case for her area.
I know that as soon as a decision has been made the Energy Secretary will be keen to update her at the earliest opportunity.
In March, the Parliamentary and Health Service Ombudsman’s report on 1950s women’s state pension injustice made it clear to the Government that the Department for Work and Pensions was guilty of maladministration; that these women had suffered significant injustice; that they were owed compensation; and that Parliament must urgently identify a mechanism for redress.
Nearly 279,000 women have already died waiting for justice, so when will the Prime Minister finally place before this House a mechanism for appropriate redress?
As I said to the House last week, I understand the strong feelings across the Chamber about these matters and the desire for urgency in addressing them.
Following the ombudsman’s multi-year investigation, it is imperative that we take the time to review the findings thoroughly; I am not entirely sure I agree with the hon.
Lady’s characterisation of all of them so far.
Broadly, we are committed to making sure that pensioners have the dignity and security that they deserve, including through the triple lock, which is increasing pensions by £900 this year.