Friend makes a pertinent and correct point.
Of course, we led as hard as we could in the aftermath of the invasion, and we led the way with the critical provision of systems such as NLAW—the next generation light anti-tank weapon.
Historians will reflect on whether the months following the invasion were an opportunity missed to give a decisive advantage to our Ukrainian friends, but our focus now is on ensuring that, in the round and overwhelmingly, the combined effect of the huge package from the United States, as well as ours and that of all friendly nations, can ensure that the Ukrainians maintain their defence and, ultimately, liberate their sovereign homeland.
Some time ago, I asked the Prime Minister about our relationship with Turkey.
We might have some issues with Turkey, but the fact remains that, as it is geographically next door to Georgia, its strategic position is crucial.
Furthermore, Turkey has important links with many of the players in this deeply dangerous situation.
What conversations is the Foreign Office having with Ankara about resolving this situation?
I think I can answer on behalf of my cross-departmental colleagues by saying that there are many conversations.
We recognise the centrality of Turkey’s importance as a strong NATO ally and a nation with tremendous military confidence.
It has also made a remarkable contribution to the defence of Ukraine’s sovereignty by the provision of the remarkable Bayraktar weapons system.
I welcome the fact that the Minister says that the UK Government want to continue working with Georgia—that is quite right—but is he aware that Jim O’Brien, the senior US State Department official, said yesterday that the relationship between the US and Georgia could be at risk and reviewed, and that financial and travel restrictions could be imposed?
Is it not the case that all that could be avoided if the Georgian Government dropped the foreign agents law, or at least amended it significantly?
My right hon.
Friend, who speaks with authority, is right in his analysis.
Of course we note the US view, and we have expressed our concerns.
We will continue to use our strong relationship with the Georgians to ensure that they amend, for their own interest, their behaviour.
Leeds’ sister city is Kharkiv.
The people of Leeds are gravely concerned that the invasion of Kharkiv is imminent.
Colleagues have already asked about artillery shells, which are in short supply, but even bullets are in short supply.
What is the UK doing to supply the Ukrainian defence of Kharkiv with bullets?
Are we upscaling humanitarian aid to Kharkiv and utilising it for the evacuation of civilians who want to leave?
Will the UK Government supply additional visas for Kharkivians who want to come to the UK?
The people of Leeds are ready to welcome them into their homes.
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for his question—I now realise Leeds is the sister city of Kharkiv, which is interesting.
We are putting more money than ever before into lethal aid support for Ukraine—an additional £500 million will take our support this year to £3 billion, and a lot of that will go on munitions—but humanitarian aid is also significant and is an important part of the picture.
Like any bully, Russia will advance if it feels that the west is not supporting Ukraine.
The Russians have seen that we in the west have not been supporting Ukraine enough because of the lack of ammunition going in.
For any soldier, the supply of ammunition is—as the Minister is fully aware—crucial to confidence and morale.
Can we give the biggest possible push to ensure that what the Americans have said is going to the frontline reaches it?
I saw this morning that they said that some ammunition has already arrived.
Has it already arrived, and what is the timetable for the rest?
This is completely unfair on the armed forces out there.
My right hon.