As part of the Government’s robust arms control regime, we regularly review advice to ensure compliance with international law, and Ministers act in accordance with that advice.
As the hon.
Gentleman knows, our position with regard to export licences is unchanged following the most recent assessment, and it is, indeed, in line with other partners, including the United States.
As a member of the Commonwealth War Graves Commission, I am delighted that the Prime Minister found time yesterday to ignite the light of liberation at the start of its journey to Normandy to commemorate the sacrifices made for the liberation of Europe.
In this War Graves Week, will my right hon.
Friend join me in confirming that standing up to tyrants who bring about war in Europe is as much in our national interest today as it was 80 years ago?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his work as a commissioner on the Commonwealth War Graves Commission.
He raises an important point about authoritarian states with different values from ours becoming increasingly assertive.
It is right that we build our security in uncertain times to defend and protect our country, our values and our interests.
That is why we made the generational decision to increase our defence spending.
It is crystal clear that only the Conservative party can be trusted with our nation’s security.
On 2 June, the Levenmouth railway reopens after years of community campaigning but, just at that point, TSB has announced that it is closing its Leven bank branch.
Bank losses hollow out communities and are an impediment to small businesses.
Cash Access UK has said that it will roll out 100 banking hubs by the end of the year, and the Financial Conduct Authority is consulting, but  does the Prime Minister accept that the Government have been too slow on this?
What else will he do to prevent banking deserts from emerging?
As I have repeatedly said from this Dispatch Box, it is imperative that banks and building societies recognise the needs of all customers, including those who still need to use in-person cash services.
That is why we legislated to protect access to cash as part of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2023.
As a result, customers can access cash and banking services through a wide range of channels, including post offices, ATMs and telephone and community initiatives such as banking hubs.
Double child rapist and murderer Colin Pitchfork is having yet another parole hearing in the next few weeks.
As well as the brutal murders, this man exposed himself to over 1,000 girls and women.
As the MP for South Leicestershire, I distributed a constituency-wide survey asking my constituents about Parole Board reform.
The problem is that the reconsideration mechanism rules allow Mr Pitchfork to ask for a reconsideration of a reconsidered decision limitless times, and it is cost-free to him.
Will the Prime Minister arrange a meeting between me and the Justice Secretary to discuss necessary changes to the reconsideration mechanism rules?
Will he arrange for me to deliver the findings of the survey, to which thousands of constituents responded, to his No.
10 policy team?
I commend my hon.
Friend for his tireless campaigning on this case.
I know the whole House will join me in recognising the horror of the crimes committed by Colin Pitchfork and in sending our condolences to the victims’ families.
We are reforming the parole system to add a ministerial check on the release of the most dangerous criminals, and we are changing the law so that, for society’s most depraved killers, life means life.
I will, of course, arrange for the findings of my hon.
Friend’s survey to be properly considered, and I will ensure that he meets the Justice Secretary to discuss his proposals further.
In Gaza, Israel has attacked hospitals, attacked refugee camps and killed aid workers.
Israel has blocked vital aid, turned off water supplies and denied access to food.