As I say, there will for the first time be a right to apply to the tribunal for redress.
If there is a strong view, and proof, that the managing agent in charge is doing something inappropriate or is not fulfilling their duty, people can apply to a tribunal to have a substitute manager appointed.
That will for the first time provide an opportunity for residents to highlight problems, and remove people who consistently cause problems.
As I said in Committee, we recognised in Committee and from previous debates in the House the strength of feeling among colleagues; that has been shown again by my right hon.
Friend in this debate, and by the contributions of other hon.
Members.
We are considering further whether we can look at this area in more detail.
I hope that I can soon say more from the Government Front Bench about that, although I cannot do so tonight.
To conclude, my right hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise the issues in this case and to highlight the key challenges that we see daily to do with when this system does not work.
He raised how and when this system is not working for Port Marine.
I hope there is restitution, and that a solution comes as soon as possible.
I recognise the individual examples of when things are not working, but the Government are taking action, in a very Conservative way, recognising that we have to deal with these monopolies, smash the rent-seekers and remove distortions to make markets more perfect.
We must ensure that there will not be another Port Marine in  10, 15 or 20 years’ time.
When the Bill goes through, we will significantly improve this market and leasehold, and significantly change rent charges, so that people who want to buy their house and have the benefits of owner-occupation—we want to do all we can to empower people —gain real control over their future.
We look forward to colleagues supporting the Bill as it goes through its final stages in the House in the coming weeks.
Question put and agreed to.
House adjourned.
The Minister for Women and Equalities was asked—
If she will make an assessment of the adequacy of Government support for people with disabilities.
The Government deliver wide-ranging support for disabled people, including in work and education.
We continually seek to enhance support—for example, via improvements to the health and disability benefits system, and in the accessibility of homes and transport, and through delivery of the national disability strategy and the disability action plan.
The United Nations has found that the Government have breached the rights of sick and disabled people, including their rights at work, and the UK’s own equality watchdog has said that the Department for Work and Pensions has discriminated against sick and disabled people.
Given that only 2.7% of participants in the Government’s work and health programme have a successful job outcome, what meaningful proposals do the Government have to reduce the 29% disability employment gap?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her point, which takes me back to our time on the Work and Pensions Committee.
I genuinely feel disappointed about that report, and the Government strongly rejected its findings in 2016, but we will continue to implement the UN convention on the rights of persons with disabilities and the Committee’s recommendations through many of our policies to improve disabled people’s lives, whether that is WorkWell, our disability employment advisers, or the work we are doing on fit note reform.
We are absolutely determined to support disabled people in work.
Indeed, in the first quarter of 2024 there were 10.3 million disabled people in employment, which is an increase of 400,000 on the year before.
I call the Chair of the Women and Equalities Committee.
I know that my hon.