We are clear that Georgia has the sovereign right to pursue its own autonomous path.
If it seeks to turn its eyes to the west—towards NATO membership, and maybe membership of the European Union—it is the sovereign right of Georgia to forge its own destiny.
We will continue to co-operate in earnest and sincere partnership with the Georgians, with whom we have a very meaningful defence relationship.
I have had the pleasure of visiting Tbilisi twice as a Foreign Office Minister, and of seeing the tremendous institutional work that we do with the Georgians, who have a fine defence tradition.
I call the Chair of the Intelligence and Security Committee.
Do the Government share my view that just as Soviet failure in Afghanistan led, to a considerable extent, towards the downfall of the Soviet empire, Putin’s failure in Ukraine  could have a similar effect on his future and ambitions; and that it is no coincidence that this renewed Russian attack takes place before the aid that America has belatedly decided to give Ukraine has had a chance to arrive?
The answer is yes.
One can see the extraordinary mobilisation of the Russian state and society, and the huge expenditure that Putin is having to incur to maintain momentum in his failed military operation, as confirmation of long-term weakness.
We now come to the shadow Minister.
I thank  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon)  for securing this urgent question.
It is 811 days since Putin began the full-scale illegal invasion of Ukraine.
Russia has opened a renewed offensive in the Kharkiv region, but Ukrainians are continuing to fight with huge courage.
The UK is totally united in support of Ukraine.
The shadow Defence Secretary and shadow Foreign Secretary were in Kyiv for the last two days, and reaffirmed that Labour’s commitment to Ukraine is ironclad.
If Putin wins, he will not stop at Ukraine.
That is why the Government have had, and will continue to have, Labour’s fullest support for military aid to Ukraine and for reinforcing NATO’s allies across eastern Europe.
Every commitment of UK military aid since Putin invaded has had Labour’s fullest support, and that will continue.
With a general election later this year, there may be a change in Government, but there will be no change to Britain’s resolve in standing with Ukraine, confronting Russian aggression, and pursuing Putin for his war crimes.
On Georgia, we are deeply concerned by the increased pressure on civil society freedoms and by the intimidation of protesters.
The proposed draft law is not in line with democratic values, and risks taking Georgia away from the Euro-Atlantic aspirations of the Georgian people.
What discussions has the Minister had with the US, the EU and other regional partners on the latest developments in Georgia?
Is the UK putting Georgia on the agenda for the G7 meeting in Italy and the upcoming European Political Community meeting?
What steps is he taking with our allies to counter Russian disinformation and hybrid activities in Georgia and across the Caucasus, the western Balkans and the rest of Europe?
What support has been given to help Ukraine build up its air defences to stop air and drone strikes on critical infrastructure, especially in the Kharkiv region?
How much of the money committed to the international fund for Ukraine has been spent and how much is left to be spent?
The UK will stand with the Ukrainians for as long as it takes for them to win.
I am glad that the hon.
Gentleman pointed out the remarkable courage of our Ukrainian friends in their efforts to counter the new axis of advance in the Kharkiv region, and we sincerely welcome the continued cross-party support for Ukraine.
The hon.
Gentleman expressed a concern, which we share, about the new law passed in Georgia.