Particularly at a time of increasing geopolitical risk, we must protect this nation’s food security and our most valuable agricultural land.
We  can achieve our solar deployment targets by using brownfield sites and rooftops away from our best farmland.
I know he looks forward to the Energy Secretary’s statement later today, which will ensure we avoid using our best agricultural land.
Like him, I agree that we should be backing British farmers to produce more food.
That is good for our country, our economy and our food security.
I have seen for myself the mouldy and damp accommodation that our military families are sometimes forced to live in, so I was disappointed this week to find out that the officer in charge of accommodation wrote to families this month to say that requests for non-urgent repairs are not currently affordable.
The Prime Minister has spent this week claiming that defence is a priority, so when will he prioritise a safe, warm and decent home for the servicemen and women who put their life on the line for us?
We are committed to ensuring that our armed forces personnel and their families have safe and well maintained accommodation.
At this point, 96% of service family accommodation meets or exceeds the Government’s decent homes standard.
Last year, we put aside an extra £400 million of investment to improve things.
The Ministry of Defence has set up a dedicated hotline to ensure that when issues are reported, those complaints are investigated by a professional surveyor.
I know there have been several improvements made specifically to accommodation in the hon.
Lady’s area.
We are able to continue backing our armed forces personnel and the job they do for us because the Conservative party is the only party in this place that is committed to increasing our defence spending.
This week, the all-party parliamentary group on birth trauma published our first report, called “Listen to Mums: Ending the Postcode Lottery on Perinatal Care”.
This was the first national inquiry by cross-party politicians on the issue.
We received more than 1,300 testimonials from the public.
I thank the Health Secretary for attending our report launch on Monday.
I am delighted that she has agreed to our headline recommendation for a national comprehensive maternity strategy, to be published by NHS England.
Will the Prime Minister fully back our report and implement all our recommendations, to ensure that all mothers in this country get the aftercare that they deserve?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her incredible campaigning on this issue.
When we met and discussed the issue, she presented me personally with a copy of this important report.
I am hugely grateful to her and the APPG on birth trauma for carefully considering the issue, and to all the brave women who have come forward to share their stories.
I am delighted that the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care and the chief executive officer of the NHS both support the overarching recommendation for a comprehensive national strategy to improve maternity services.
We will update the House on next steps in due course, but we are fully committed to improving the quality and consistency of care for women throughout pregnancy, birth and the critical months that follow.
When adult rape cases take two years, on average, to complete, it is no wonder that 62% of all rape survivors drop out of the process.
Given that just 2.5% of rapes recorded last year resulted in a charge and fewer still will end in conviction, it is no wonder that the Victims’ Commissioner, Rape Crisis and others have argued that rape has been effectively decriminalised in this country.
Is the Prime Minister not ashamed that, because of his Government’s failings, victims and survivors are being put through a living hell in our criminal justice system?
While it is right that the hon.