Any Members who have visited that battle group, as I have, know that there is a tremendous esprit de corps generated by the tremendous joint defensive work carried out by our British soldiers alongside their Estonian allies.
Presentation and First Reading ( Standing Order No.
57 )
Mr Barry Sheerman, supported by Debbie Abrahams, presented a Bill to require a person carrying out delivery services by motorcycle or moped to hold a full licence; to provide for penalties for an employer who employs a delivery rider who holds a provisional licence; and for connected purposes.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 21 June , and to be printed (Bill 218).
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
It has been my honour to be the MP for Hemel Hempstead for the past 19 years.
Whenever I have had the opportunity, I have always tried to raise and honour the name of Captain Robert Laurence Nairac, George Cross, my captain in the 1st Battalion Grenadier Guards.
He was lost, or captured—whatever way we want to describe it—on the night of  14 May .
We think, although we do not actually know, that he was murdered the following day.
Today is the anniversary.
It is right and proper that this House acknowledges the work of our armed forces, particularly on Op Banner, but we should recognise that Captain Nairac was a different sort of officer in many ways—I think we would all accept that.
For instance, he broke my nose for the first time while sparring in the boxing ring, I must admit, but he also left six pints of Guinness on the NAAFI bar at the end of the evening because I gave him a good dig back.
That was what he was about: he was in the armed forces and in Northern Ireland because he wanted to make a difference for the people of Northern Ireland.
That is something that this House should respect.
First, may I say that I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman for informing me that he would raise this matter?
As he knows, it is not a point of order for the Chair, but the House will understand why he wanted to put that point on record, and he has done so eloquently, as he has done in previous years.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
I thank my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Hemel Hempstead (Sir Mike Penning) , who almost every year has visited the church of St Mary de Lode in Gloucester in order to pay tribute to and commemorate the work done by Captain Nairac, GC, whose memory is also celebrated there through a stained-glass window in his honour.
I am very grateful to my right hon.
Friend for continuing to raise this matter year after year.
Once again, that is also not a point of order, but it is certainly on the record.
Motion for leave to bring in a Bill ( Standing Order No.
23 )
I beg to move,
That leave be given to bring in a Bill to provide for a power to require a person to grant access to their digital devices in the course of a lawful inspection under the Customs and Excise Management Act 1979 where there is a reasonable suspicion that the device may contain child sexual abuse material; to provide that refusal to grant such access constitutes an offence; and for connected purposes.
I begin by outlining the scale of the problem this Bill seeks to tackle.
Up to 835,000 individuals in the United Kingdom represent a sexual risk to children, according to the national strategic assessment.
We also know that 85% of online offenders are hands-on abusers, too.
One in four girls and one in six boys are sexually assaulted before the age of 18.