Indeed, in the first quarter of 2024 there were 10.3 million disabled people in employment, which is an increase of 400,000 on the year before.
I call the Chair of the Women and Equalities Committee.
I know that my hon.
Friend is absolutely committed to disability employment, but can she please outline exactly what she is doing, both at the DWP and in her  wider role across Government, to ensure that inclusion is embedded in policy and leadership so that disabled people—particularly those who are neurodiverse—are supported into civil service jobs?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for her point and for her work in this area.
We are delivering on the Buckland review, and all ministerial Departments are signing up to Disability Confident, progressing to Disability Confident leader status and having evidence independently validated on that work.
Arm’s length bodies are also signing up to Disability Confident, and we are working with parent Departments to encourage more of them to do the same.
One in 10 senior civil servants declare themselves to be disabled, and since 2013 the proportion of civil servants with a disability has increased to 16.8%.
I call the shadow Minister.
I am already a little confused by the Minister’s answers this morning.
In December I raised the issue of the disability pay gap, and she replied from the Dispatch Box that the Government were closing the disability employment gap.
She has mentioned this morning that that is apparently happening, but the numbers tell a different story: in the period from January to March 2024, 100,000 fewer people with disabilities were in employment compared with the same period 12 months earlier.
Why does she think the plan is not working?
The hon.
Lady and I could trade statistics, but what I am interested in is opportunities for disabled people and people with health conditions, hence the work we are doing on the Buckland review, and indeed on entrepreneurship and the Lilac review—there will be further updates on that to the House shortly.
If the hon.
Lady is ready to listen, I can reassure her that we are working on the Disability Confident scheme and are doing further work on the employment goal, and I will update the House soon.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to support women experiencing menopause at work.
In March last year we appointed Helen Tomlinson as the Government’s first ever menopause employment champion.
She has been working up and down the country, visiting businesses large and small and giving them advice on policies to support menopausal women in the workplace.
She recently published her 12-month review, “Shattering the Silence about Menopause”.
I am grateful for that reply.
Labour is the party of women’s equality.
The previous Labour Government did more to advance equality than any other, and the next one will match that record.
We are committed to supporting women experiencing menopause to thrive at work by requiring large employers to adopt menopause action plans.
Will the Minister do the same?
As usual, this Government have already done all of that work.
In England we have the Wellbeing of Women pledge, which the NHS, the civil service and this Parliament have signed.
We will take no lectures from Labour on women’s health.
While we have had a women’s health strategy for two years, Labour-run Wales has no health plan for women.
I call the shadow Minister.
Research shows that one in 10 women with menopausal symptoms have left work due to a lack of support.
In some cases, this will have been due to discrimination.
Women experiencing menopause know that this is because of their age and sex, but the law does not protect them on that combined basis.
Why not?
The Equality Act 2010 already protects women on the basis of sex, age and disability.