The last time that happened was under the last Labour Government.
It needs a credible plan, not his fantasy economics.
I am disappointed to see that version 7.0 of the Prime Minister’s time in office does not extend as far as answering questions or giving any information on those prisoners he is releasing early—basic details such as how many, where are they and what crimes have they  committed.
Will he at least guarantee that none of the criminals who he is instructing prisons to release early is considered high-risk?
There are strict eligibility criteria in place, with exclusions based on public safety.
No one would be put on the scheme if they were deemed a threat to public safety.
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman talks about 2.5%, but if he thinks that is important—I think he just stood up and acknowledged that it was the right thing to do—we have a fully funded plan to deliver an increase in defence spending.
He and his party have refused to match that commitment.
Just like his £46 billion—fully funded!
If anyone was looking for the perfect metaphor for this shambolic Government, we saw it on Monday.
The Prime Minister woke up deciding his latest rebrand was “Mr Security”, but within hours the Tory party was being investigated for accidentally publishing the personal details of hundreds of people.
He must be the only tech bro—brother—in the country who cannot work a debit card or send an email. [
Interruption.]
But he has not answered my question, so I will try again.
Are any of the prisoners he is currently letting out early considered to be high-risk?
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman just showed spectacularly why he is just not fit to lead this country into the future.
This country has a proud tradition of leading the world.
We led the world when it came to the industrial revolution, but if he was around he would have probably called James Watt the steam bro.
What we are doing is preparing the country for the future.
He talks about the prison scheme.
Let me be crystal clear: no one would be put on the scheme if they were deemed a threat to the public.
Offenders are subject to the toughest of licensing conditions and, if those conditions are broken, they are back in prison for considerably longer.
But what is his record on this?
He voted against tougher sentences for violent criminals.
He actually opposed new powers for the police to tackle violent crime and voted against new laws that have arrested 1,000 criminal people smugglers.
The message is crystal clear: he cannot be trusted to keep this country safe.
I appreciate that all this rebranding has taken all the Prime Minister’s time, but he may want to read the recent inspection report into Lewes prison on this topic, which I have asked him twice about.
It documents, on page 5:
“high-risk prisoners…being released at short notice without sufficient…planning”.
Page 46 states:
“a high-risk prisoner had his release date brought forward…despite having a history of stalking, domestic abuse and…a restraining order.”
In the report’s words,
“He was a risk to children”.
Does the early release of stalkers, domestic abusers and those considered a risk to children sound like the work of someone who is making the country more secure?
As I said, no one should be put on the scheme if they are a threat to the public.
Let me be crystal clear: it does not apply to anyone serving a life sentence, anyone convicted of a serious violent  offence, anyone convicted of terrorism, or anyone convicted of a sex offence.
Crucially, in contrast to the system Labour put in place, governors in the prison service have an absolute lock so that no one is put on the scheme who should not be.
Labour’s scheme let out thousands upon thousands of violent offenders on to our streets and even two terrorists.