We are looking at that and we aim to respond to the commissioner in the coming weeks.
Some sporting bodies have interpreted the Equality Act 2010 in such a way that they believe they cannot lawfully ban males who identify as girls or women from competing in women’s sport.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that that interpretation is not correct and that it is lawful to exclude all males from female sport to achieve safety and fairness for women and girls?
I agree.
There is so much misinformation out there and incorrect guidance that creates confusion.
I recently had a roundtable with the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport, and she and I agreed that sports bodies in the UK need to tackle this area more strongly.
The Prime Minister was asked—
If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 15 May.
This morning, I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
Residents across the eastern villages of Woking, in Byfleet, West Byfleet and Pyrford, have seen a large number of proposed developments in recent years.
Of particular concern is an area of beautiful fields near West Hall, where more than 1,000 constituents have written back to me in recent weeks, expressing their deep concerns about the lack of provision of local infrastructure and the potential effects on the local environment.
My residents and I will fight on, but does the Prime Minister agree that Labour’s proposals to concrete over vast swathes of the green belt in Surrey and the south-east would be a complete calamity?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Unlike both the Liberal Democrats and Labour, who believe in top-down targets that would decimate the green belt, we believe in local people having a say over their local communities.
That is why we are ensuring that we make best use of brownfield land and that we conserve and enhance our precious countryside for generations to come.
We now come to the Leader of the Opposition.
On Monday, the Prime Minister treated us to his seventh relaunch in 18 months.
He vowed to take on the dangers that threaten the country, so it was good to see the Minister for common sense immediately take up that mantle by announcing a vital crackdown on the gravest of threats—colourful lanyards.
Meanwhile, in the real world, after 14 years of Tory Government, the prison system is in chaos.
Does the Prime Minister think that his decision to let prisoners out 70 days early makes our country more secure?
Civil service impartiality is an important principle that we are right to support—perhaps the right hon.
and learned Gentleman could ask his chief of staff about that.
What I did on Monday was outline the serious security threats that our country faces from an axis of authoritarian states: Russia poisoning people on our streets; China targeting our democracy; and Iranian proxies firing on British ships.
Yet he will not back our plan to increase defence spending and we all know why—especially since the deputy leader and the shadow Foreign Secretary voted to scrap our nuclear deterrent.
It is clear that you simply cannot trust Labour with our country’s security.
I appreciate that the Prime Minister has been busy on the frontline of the war against lanyards.
He must have missed that I was the first to call for 2.5% on defence spending.
The last time that happened was under the last Labour Government.
It needs a credible plan, not his fantasy economics.
I am disappointed to see that version 7.0 of the Prime Minister’s time in office does not extend as far as answering questions or giving any information on those prisoners he is releasing early—basic details such as how many, where are they and what crimes have they  committed.