If so, will he say that to his Chinese counterparts?
The Minister says that he does not talk about sanctions, but it is of concern that although the US thinks sanctions are appropriate, the UK Government seem to be sitting on their hands.
In the constant absence of the Foreign Secretary, can I ask the Minister whether the Foreign Secretary accepts that his “golden era” with China was a strategic mistake that undermined British influence over Hong Kong, set us on a rodeo of inconsistency towards China and failed to stand up for the UK’s national security interests?
Can we expect the Foreign Secretary to deliver the strong, clear-eyed and consistent approach that is needed?
I thank the shadow Foreign Secretary for his comments.
I agree entirely with what he said about article 23.
He chides me for not saying more on the issue of sanctions.
The point I was making—I hope that he will accept that this is common to both parties when in government—is that we do not discuss our application or consideration of sanctions, or sanctions policy, on the Floor of the House, but when we feel it is necessary to act, we certainly do.
The right hon.
Gentleman asks me about the view of the Foreign Secretary, given his long career and understanding of China from his time as Prime Minister.
The Foreign Secretary has spoken out very clearly on the change that has taken place since he was Prime Minister.
The right hon.
Gentleman asks me whether the legislation is a breach of the Sino-British joint declaration; as I have said, we decided in 2021 that China was in ongoing breach of that.
On the issue of whether it is a breach of international law, the Bill specifically says that it will be compliant with international law.
I suspect that the proof of the pudding will be in the eating.
The shadow Foreign Secretary slightly stole my script about the “golden era” of Sino-British relations trumpeted by then Prime Minister Cameron.
While the Minister says that things have changed since then, one thing has not changed: communist China was a totalitarian state then, and it is a totalitarian state now.
Is it not about time that the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office learned that lesson?
My right hon.
Friend speaks with great experience on these matters from his time on the Intelligence and Security Committee.
I agree with him about the nature of China.
The question was whether China would respect the Sino-British joint declaration and recognise the uniquely brilliant features of Hong Kong as an international trading city.
It is a matter of great regret that politics have trumped economics in that respect, as perhaps it always will in the case of China.
I call the Scottish National party spokesperson.
I thank  the right hon.
Member for Chingford and Woodford Green (Sir Iain Duncan Smith)  for securing the urgent   question.
Let me try to get some answers from the Government about a response to what communist China has done, and critically what we can do in the UK about Confucius Institutes.
Back in May 2022, the Open University bragged about being the first online Confucius Institute.
Until 2023, the Government were allocating at least £27 million to Mandarin-language teaching, channelled through university-based Confucius Institutes.
Will the Minister confirm that that has stopped?
There is some confusion about that.
In relation to the comments made by the shadow Foreign Secretary, the Governments of countries such as the United States and others believe that sanctions are possible.
The Netherlands and Germany have discouraged their universities from engaging with the Confucius Institutes; Sweden has gone as far as I would, by banning them.
On providing answers, there are practical things that the United Kingdom can do about what is going on in Hong Kong.
Will the Government consider ending the rights of Confucius Institutes in the UK?