The Netherlands and Germany have discouraged their universities from engaging with the Confucius Institutes; Sweden has gone as far as I would, by banning them.
On providing answers, there are practical things that the United Kingdom can do about what is going on in Hong Kong.
Will the Government consider ending the rights of Confucius Institutes in the UK?
And will the Minister clarify the Government’s allocation of funding to Mandarin-language teaching through those institutes?
We are very much aware of the Confucius Institutes and the way in which they operate.
I can assure the hon.
Gentleman that we always keep such matters under review.
If we have any changes to make to what we are doing, we will be sure to announce them in the House.
There is no doubt that article 23 will have a chilling effect on freedom and human rights in Hong Kong.
It is designed to further stifle all criticism of the Chinese regime and its policies, both inside and outside Hong Kong.
Given the number of UK dual nationals in Hong Kong, what plans do the Government have to protect UK citizens from political persecution by China, both here and in Hong Kong?
Will the Minister look again at extending the BNO passport scheme to children born before 1997?
I thank the Chair of the International Development Committee for her comments.
As she knows, we created the British national overseas route in 2020, which creates a pathway to permanent citizenship for British national overseas passport holders.
It is working extremely well.
Of course, we always keep it under review, but we have no current plans to change it.
It was supposed to be “one country, two systems”, but that has clearly disappeared.
The bigger picture is that it is increasingly clear that China is openly pursuing a competing interpretation of the international rules-based order.
Nowhere is that more evident than in Hong Kong.
The independence of the judiciary has disappeared, along with freedom of speech and of the press.
Hong Kong’s own democratic structures have been severely challenged and eroded.
The new national security legislation will see the introduction of closed-door trials, detention for up to 16 days without charge, and the lowering of the bar of when life sentences can be imposed.
I believe my right hon.
Friend the Minister has business experience in Hong Kong, so what impact does he think these   new draconian measures will have on the international community doing business with Hong Kong in the future?
I thank the former Chair of the Defence Committee for his question.
During my business career, I was in and out of Hong Kong very regularly.
It is quite extraordinary how Hong Kong’s brilliant pre-eminence in business is being undermined by this legislation and, indeed, by much other legislation and acts by the Chinese Government.
Hong Kong was built on independent institutions, a high degree of autonomy and openness to the world.
All those things help to increase the economic activity, the living standards and the wealth of a country or a city, and it is deeply regrettable that this does not appear to be recognised by the Government of China.
This is yet another nail in the coffin of Hong Kong democracy, and I cannot believe that we are here yet again talking about the matter.
My thoughts are with the families of Hongkongers who are here.
They must be looking at this and wondering what it means for them.
The Trade (Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership) Bill was passed in this place yesterday, and, given that China is next in line to join, we did not get a cast-iron assurance during the debate that Britain would stop it from joining the CPTPP.
In his role as Foreign Minister, would the right hon.
Gentleman care to give that assurance now?
Should China be joining the CPTPP while it is doing things such as this?