My hon.
Friend is right that sustainable development must be at the heart of our planning system.
That is why we are committed to meeting the housing needs of our communities by building the right homes in the right places, making sure that everyone makes best use of brownfield land, conserving our countryside.
That is also the point he makes, which is important.
I have been crystal clear: we must protect agricultural land.
Food security is incredibly important and we need our farmers to produce more Great British food.
We know the Prime Minister has received advice about the legality of the Israel-Gaza war, that he has had time to consider it, and that Governments can and do publish such advice.
Will he tell the House what steps he is taking to act on that advice in reviewing UK arms sales, in supporting the proceedings of the International Court of Justice and International Criminal Court, and in exercising the UK’s vote at the UN Security Council?
We continue to call for Israel to respect international humanitarian law and for civilians to be protected.
Too many civilians have been killed and we want Israel to take greater care to limit its operations to military targets.
Those are points that both I and the Foreign Secretary have made repeatedly to Prime Minister   Netanyahu.
We have previously assessed that Israel is committed and capable of complying with international humanitarian law, and of course we always keep that under review.
The Prime Minister will be aware of plans by National Grid to build a network of 50-metre-high pylons through much of rural Lincolnshire.
This is causing much consternation, particularly in rural villages.
Can my right hon.
Friend assure my residents that when Ministers finally consider the consultations that come forward from National Grid, they will give sympathetic consideration to putting some of the sections underground?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise the concerns of his constituents.
He will recognise the balance we need to strike by making sure that we give our country the energy security it needs but doing it in a way that is respectful of the impact on local communities.
I will make sure that Ministers take into account the concerns he raised and that all the views of local constituents are taken into account.
Given that the Prime Minister’s and his Government’s days are numbered and that they will soon be in opposition, will he use the small amount of time available to him to join 138 United Nations member states in recognising the state of Palestine?
Our position has been consistently clear.
We will recognise the state of Palestine when it makes the most beneficial sense for the overall peace process.
Of course we are committed to an ultimate two-state solution, but in the here and now what we are calling for is an immediate, sustained humanitarian pause that would allow for the safe release of hostages, including British nationals, and would allow more aid to reach Gaza.
We urge all sides to seize the opportunity, and continue negotiations to reach an agreement as soon as possible.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Chancellor of the Exchequer to make a statement on the Government’s decision to close the HMRC self-assessment helpline every year between April and September.
You have good news, Minister.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
I thank  the hon.
Member for Ealing North (James Murray) , and others, for raising the important issue of HMRC’s customer services and its plans to provide better services for taxpayers.
As Members probably know, His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs has announced that it is halting planned changes to its helplines, but aims to encourage more taxpayers to self-serve online.
It has listened to the feedback and recognises that more needs to be done to ensure that all taxpayer needs are met, while also encouraging those who can to make the transition to online services.