For some people, it is appropriate to go online to get that, but that is not the case for everybody.
As I said, the comments made today are very much appreciated.
I suspect that the hon.
Gentleman will recognise that, as  I have said many times, it is important that all of us encourage and support the digitisation of these services, and the adoption of the app by our constituents, because that will help ensure that the time available is focused on those who most need help and support.
I have to notify the House, in accordance with the Royal Assent Act 1967, that His Majesty has signified his Royal Assent to the following Acts:
Supply and Appropriation (Anticipation and Adjustments) Act 2024
National Insurance Contributions (Reduction in Rates) Act 2024
Trade (Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership) Act 2024
Bishop’s Stortford Cemetery Act 2024.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Foreign Secretary if he will make a statement on the security and human rights implications of Article 23 in Hong Kong.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his urgent question.
Yesterday, Hong Kong’s Legislative Council passed new national security legislation unanimously under article 23 of the Basic Law.
The Bill, which rushed through the legislative process, and is likely incompatible with international human rights law, will come into force on Saturday.
Since 2020, we have seen Hongkongers’ rights and freedoms deliberately eroded as a result of the Beijing-imposed national security law, and this law continues that pattern.
Yesterday, His Majesty’s Government made it clear that the law’s overall impact will be to further damage the rights and freedoms enjoyed throughout Hong Kong.
It will enable the authorities to continue their clampdown on freedoms, including freedom of speech, assembly and the media.
It will further entrench the culture of self-censorship dominating Hong Kong’s social and political landscape.
It fails to provide certainty for international organisations, including diplomatic missions, operating there.
Broad definitions will negatively affect those who live, work and do business there.
Although Britain recognises the right of all jurisdictions to implement national security legislation, Hong Kong is also required to ensure that laws align with international standards, rights and norms as set out in UN treaties, the Sino-British joint declaration and its Basic Law.
Hong Kong is an international city.
Respect for the rule of law, its high degree of autonomy and the independence of its well-respected institutions have always been critical to its success.
The British Government have urged the Hong Kong authorities to respect rights and freedoms, uphold Hong Kong’s high degree of autonomy and the rule of law, and act in accordance with its international commitments and legal obligations.
Let me conclude by welcoming the contribution our growing Hong Kong diaspora make to life in the UK; they are safe to live here, and exercise the rights and freedoms that all other British residents enjoy.
We will not tolerate any attempt by any foreign power to intimidate, harass or harm individuals or communities in the UK.
This law has no effect in the UK, and we have no active extradition treaty with Hong Kong.
I welcome the Government’s statement, but it does not go far enough.
Article 23 allows sentences of up to 14 years’ imprisonment if an individual fails to disclose that another person indicated an “intention to commit treason”, which includes peaceful protest or voicing discontent.
If a journalist discloses information deemed to be a “national secret”, they will be jailed for 10 years.
Since the passage of the national security law in 2020, the people of Hong Kong have endured relentless oppression, in contravention of the Sino-British agreement, yet the UK has done very little to hold those responsible to account.
I remind my right  hon.
Friend that the United States, which did not sign that agreement, has sanctioned 42 people, including senior individuals, in Hong Kong, whereas the UK has sanctioned none.
I have two questions as a result.