I want to congratulate my right hon.
Friend again on his leadership of Unionism.
I agree that it has been an encouraging few weeks, and  I salute the work of the First Minister and Deputy First Minister in representing the future of Northern Ireland.
I assure him that we will implement our commitments at pace, including further regulations to be laid before this House in the coming days to take power to deliver those commitments on UK internal trade.
We are also hosting the first meeting of the UK East-West Council and establishing Intertrade UK, but it comes down to this fundamental point, and I know that he will agree: Northern Ireland’s place is stronger in the Union, with locally elected politicians in place representing the needs of all parts of the community.
Noting the National Audit Office report today on the spiralling costs of using ex-military bases for migrants, and noting that the Home Office has announced this week that it is to reduce the projected numbers at RAF Scampton down to 800, will the Prime Minister ensure that an immigration Minister meets West Lindsey District Council and me urgently, so that we can release most of this iconic RAF base— the home of the Red Arrows and the Dambusters—for regeneration?
I pay tribute to the way that my right hon.
Friend has engaged with the Government on this important issue for his local community.
As he acknowledged, our plan is working to cut the use of asylum hotels, and we will have closed 100 hotels next week, on top of cutting small boat arrivals.
I know that he is talking to the Minister for Legal Migration and  the Border, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Corby (Tom Pursglove) , about how best to accommodate a smaller number of asylum seekers safely at RAF Scampton, while recognising the council’s ambitious plans for regeneration.
I fully support those discussions, and the Government are committed to the site being used for accommodation for the shortest possible time and then released for the benefit of the local community.
Our NHS is at breaking point.
My constituent was told that he needed a gall bladder operation after  a visit to accident and emergency.
He waited all day in hospital, nil by mouth, and had no operation.
He was then told to stay overnight or risk his place on the list, so he sat in a hot, smelly, windowless waiting room for eight hours on a plastic chair.
Then a gurney came with no pillow, and that is where he slept.
The next day, the nurses said, “No operation.
There just aren’t any beds.”
His wife told me that the Conservatives are running the NHS into the ground.
Given his experience, which  so many others across the country share, how can he  say otherwise?
I am very sorry to hear about the experience of the hon.
Lady’s constituent, and I am sure she will be raising it with the local NHS trust as well.
The NHS is, of course, recovering from a difficult two years, but it has received considerable backing from  this Government, including record investment, as was acknowledged by the NHS chief executive officer just the other week, and a plan to improve productivity in the future.
We have invested in 5,000 new beds over the last year and more ambulances.
All of that is contributing to lower waiting times, waiting lists coming down and an improved A&E performance over the last year.
The people of the eastern villages of Guildford—the Clandons, the Horsleys, Effingham, Ripley, Send and Ockham—have had enough.
Unwanted development and villages taken out of the green belt without promised infrastructure is why I have been calling for an immediate review of the local plan for the last three years.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that Labour’s promise of concreting over the green belt, even against the wishes of local MPs, would simply add insult to injury?