Let us take another example, which I started with. [
Interruption.]
Order.
After 14 years of Tory chaos in the prison system, the Justice Secretary was reduced to begging the Prime Minister either to send fewer offenders to prison or to release them even earlier.
I must say I have sympathy for anyone trying to get an answer out of the Prime Minister.
So what is it going to be: fewer criminals behind bars in the first place, or more released early on to our streets?
Which is it?
Thanks to our record and plan, violent crime has fallen by 50%.
We have recruited more police officers, given them more powers and kept serious offenders in prison for longer.
What is the right hon.
and learned Gentleman’s record?
He voted against greater protection for our emergency workers, opposed tougher sentences for violent criminals and failed to give police the powers they need.
It would be back to square one with Labour—soft on crime and soft on criminals.
You can see why he doesn’t want an election, Mr Speaker, why his party have lost faith in him, and why half his Cabinet are lining up to replace him—no answers, no plan, no clue.
The Prime Minister has never had the courage to stand up to his party, so let me help him out and say to them what he wishes he could say: the mortgage mayhem, the waiting lists, the criminals walking free—they are the cost of Tory chaos.
And if they cannot bring themselves to stop the endless games and gimmicks, and stop putting themselves before country, they should pack up, go home, and waste somebody else’s time.
It wasn’t that difficult, was it, Prime Minister?
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman talks about his ideas, but we are two weeks on from the Budget.
The shadow Chancellor found time to make a one-hour speech last night, and we still do not know how Labour is going to pay for its £28 billion black hole.
But while he tries to talk down Britain and the progress we are making, today’s news shows that the plan is working—inflation down, energy bills down, wages up, pensions up, and taxes cut by £900.
That is the choice: higher taxes and back to square one with Labour, or tax cuts and real change with the Conservatives.
The UK birth rate is falling, the while numbers of those requiring fertility treatment to conceive are rising.
There are no employment rights attached to those undertaking fertility treatment, and no paid time off work.
Will the Prime Minister join me in encouraging employers, large and small and across  the United Kingdom, to sign up to the fertility workplace pledge that I have launched with Fertility Matters  at Work, LGBT Mummies, Fertility Network UK and many others, to support those undertaking fertility treatment when they are in work?
May I start by thanking my hon.
Friend for her excellent work campaigning on this issue?
She is right: employers should offer their staff understanding, support, and flexibility while they are undergoing fertility treatment.
The best way to improve the experience of those undergoing treatment, both women and their partners, is through voluntary approaches.
That is why I join my hon.
Friend in encouraging all companies to sign up to the fertility workplace pledge.
I call the SNP leader.
With his Back Benchers looking for a unity candidate to replace him, which of the now numerous born-again Thatcherites on the Labour Front Bench does the Prime Minister believe best fits the bill?
It was surprising, Mr Speaker, to hear all this talk about the 1970s from the shadow Chancellor in particular, but if you see what is happening in places like Birmingham, where taxes are going up  by 21% and services are being cut—whether that is social care, children’s services, or in some streets the lights literally being turned off—it is unsurprising why they are talking about the ’70s.