I completely understand the right hon.
Gentleman’s points.
Although decisions on individual tax cases are rightly managed independently by HMRC, political and public pressure saw this ridiculous decision squashed.
What steps will Ministers take to improve the accountability and performance of HMRC?
There are a variety of channels and tools, including my ministerial oversight.
The Treasury Select Committee and other bodies also play an important part.
I am not suggesting in any way, shape or form that I am removing myself from responsibility for HMRC, as I have ministerial oversight.
If colleagues have concerns, they can always raise them with me.
It is my job to raise those concerns with HMRC.
I refer to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests, as I chair the Public and Commercial Services Union parliamentary group.
Does the Minister accept that one of the more disgraceful aspects of this episode is that neither the trade unions nor the staff appear to have been consulted prior to yesterday’s announcement?
Does he accept that this is no way to conduct industrial relations or to deal with staff?
How does he see yesterday’s announcement in the light of the Public Accounts Committee’s comments that the Department has to improve its ability to reach out to taxpayers and that it needs additional resources?
Why are the Government now restricting customer access to the Department?
HMRC and I have heard and respect the views of the PAC and other bodies, including their recommendations and suggestions for improvement.
Of course, many of these bodies suggest that the continuing move towards digital and online is an important part of that process.
As I have said, I do not have day-to-day operational responsibility for HMRC, but I do have oversight.
I proactively requested a meeting with the unions several weeks ago, and that is what I have tended to do in all my ministerial roles.
This is a welcome U-turn, but does my hon.
Friend accept that one of the problems is HMRC’s chronic lack of productivity?
Is that not made worse because so many people are working from home?
My hon.
Friend is correct that a focus on productivity is key, and I can assure him that these are exactly the kinds of conversations that I am having.
The Chief Secretary to the Treasury is leading a cross-Government review of productivity.
HMRC staff are required to work in the office for 40% of the time.
I have asked HMRC to assess and monitor the productivity of staff who are working from home versus staff working in the office, and there is very little difference.
Because of the concern expressed by my hon.
Friend and others, I will keep an eye on it.
The reprieve is welcome, but if we are to keep these helplines open, can we at least resource them properly and make them work?
I spoke to a chartered accountant in my constituency this morning, and he tells me that when he recently phoned HMRC with a complex query on behalf of a client, it took 40 minutes to get an answer.
When the phone was answered, there was an acknowledgment of the problem.
He suggested that the answer might lie in his client’s wife’s data being incorrectly ordered, at which point he was told that the staff were allowed to handle only one case per call, and that he would have to hang up and phone back, with another 40-minute wait for an answer.
Surely that is no way to treat a customer.
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for raising that point, and I am happy to raise it with HMRC.
I am regularly contacted by constituents who have had poor services from HMRC, as I am sure many of my colleagues are.
These people are pretty certain that they would still be waiting had they not got their MP involved.