Four  times that number have already arrived this month, and the backlog stands at 130,000.
Can the Prime Minister see any flaw in his plan to deport less than 1% of that backlog?
Since I became Prime Minister, the number of small boat crossings is actually down by over a third.
That is because we have doubled National Crime Agency funding and we have increased illegal immigration enforcement raids by 70%.
We have closed 7,500 bank accounts, deported 24,000 illegal migrants and processed over 112,000 cases—more than at any point in the last two decades.
It is crystal clear, as we are seeing from the Labour party’s opposition in this House, that while we are committed to stopping the boats, the Labour party would keep them coming.
The tragedy is we know the Prime Minister does not even believe in the Rwanda gimmick.
He tried to stop funding it, but he is now so diminished that his entire focus is stopping his MPs holding the sword of Damocles above his head—perhaps even literally in the case of the Leader of the House.
His great hope is to placate those in his party with a couple of empty planes, praying they will not notice when the flights stop going, the boats are still coming and the costs keep mounting.
How has he managed to spend £600 million of taxpayer money on a gimmick to deport 300 people?
It is crystal clear that not only does the Labour party not have a plan to fix this issue, but the truth is it does not actually care about fixing this issue.
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman talks about gangs.
When we gave the police new powers to crack down on the people-smuggling gangs, he spent months campaigning and voting against it.
But thanks to our new laws, 900 criminals have been arrested and 450 have been convicted, serving over 370 years behind bars.
If it was up to him, those criminals would still be out on our streets.
The truth is that, if he was not the Labour leader, he would still want to be their lawyer. [
Hon.
Members: “More!]
Order.
I have prosecuted more people smugglers than the Prime Minister has had helicopter rides, and that is a lot. [
Interruption.]
I have done it.
This Rwanda gimmick is going to cost the taxpayer £2 million for every one of his 300 people that they deport.
I know the Prime Minister likes to spend a lot on jet-setting, but that is some plane ticket.
It is the cost of Tory chaos, and it is working people who are paying the price.
The man he made his Immigration Minister let the cat out of the bag when he said the Prime Minister’s
“symbolic flights…will not provide a credible…deterrent”.
We know the Prime Minister himself thought it would not work.
If the people selling this gimmick do not believe in it, why should the country?
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman is very keen to talk about who he prosecuted.
He is a bit less keen to talk about when he defended Hizb ut-Tahrir.
But when it comes to this question of how to deal with people who are here illegally, his values are simply not those of the British people.
After  all, this is the person who campaigned to stop the deportation of foreign dangerous criminals.
A dangerous criminal was jailed for dealing class A drugs after he fought to keep him here.
A gangmaster was convicted of carrying a knife after he fought to keep him here.
So whether it is representing terrorists or campaigning for criminals, it is clear whose side he is on, and it is not the British people’s.
It is genuinely sad to see the Prime Minister reduced to this nonsense.
Let us take another example, which I started with. [
Interruption.]
Order.