I call the SNP leader.
With his Back Benchers looking for a unity candidate to replace him, which of the now numerous born-again Thatcherites on the Labour Front Bench does the Prime Minister believe best fits the bill?
It was surprising, Mr Speaker, to hear all this talk about the 1970s from the shadow Chancellor in particular, but if you see what is happening in places like Birmingham, where taxes are going up  by 21% and services are being cut—whether that is social care, children’s services, or in some streets the lights literally being turned off—it is unsurprising why they are talking about the ’70s.
I just say that what they have done to Birmingham, the Conservatives will never let them do to Britain.
Of course there is a serious point to be made here, because the Institute for Fiscal Studies has warned of the conspiracy of silence that exists between the Labour party and the Conservative party when it comes to £18 billion of looming public sector cuts.
Indeed, just last night it outlined that the fiscal rules of the Labour party and the Conservative party are, in effect, identical.
With such continuity on offer, the public are right to be anti-Westminster, aren’t they?
I am surprised to hear the hon.
Gentleman quoting the IFS, because it also described the recent SNP Budget as, in its words, “misleading”, and said that
“pain is almost certainly coming”.
It is a savage tax and axe budget, because here is the reality: while NHS spending in England is going up in real terms, in Scotland it is going down; while taxes are being cut by the UK Government, the SNP Government are putting them up.
That is the contrast, and where the SNP or indeed Labour are in charge, it is working people who pay the price.
The Prime Minister rightly often criticises the Scottish Government for the extra tax they put on residents.
In my part of Cornwall, we have an extra tax called the Tamar toll.
I have been working on a petition with my constituency neighbour, my right hon.
Friend the Member for Plymouth, Moor View (Johnny Mercer).
Will the Prime Minister make our part of the country more competitive by losing this extra tax and helping our community to level up?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this important local issue.
Any application for a toll revision will be considered by the Transport Secretary at the right opportunity when it has been received, but I am told that there are plans in place to create a new locally led focal group of key stakeholders to ensure that there is a real opportunity for them to make their views about crossings heard, and I know that she will play an active role in that group.
Yesterday saw the Northern Ireland Assembly for the first time in its history exercise its new veto powers to prevent the application of new EU law that would harm our ability to trade with the rest of the United Kingdom.
That is something that the DUP campaigned to achieve when others were calling for rigorous implementation of the protocol.
To his credit, the Prime Minister was able to work with us to deliver the real changes to the protocol that will help to restore Northern Ireland’s place within the United Kingdom and its internal market.
Will the Prime Minister now assure me that the Government will continue to faithfully implement the measures outlined in the Command Paper, “Safeguarding the Union”, including fully restoring our place within the United Kingdom and its internal market and ending the unnecessary checks on goods moving from Great Britain to Northern Ireland?
I want to congratulate my right hon.
Friend again on his leadership of Unionism.
I agree that it has been an encouraging few weeks, and  I salute the work of the First Minister and Deputy First Minister in representing the future of Northern Ireland.