I remind my right  hon.
Friend that the United States, which did not sign that agreement, has sanctioned 42 people, including senior individuals, in Hong Kong, whereas the UK has sanctioned none.
I have two questions as a result.
This legislation harmonises Hong Kong’s and China’s national security systems, with devastating consequences for human rights; it also changes business and legal arrangements.
Last year, the US Government warned US businesses that they can no longer rely on the protection that the rule of English common law affords in Hong Kong.
Why have the UK Government not done the same for our businesses?
Secondly, we now know that Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office internal documents show that the Department paused targeted sanctions against Chinese officials in November 2023.
One document states:
“FCDO has paused consideration of this work indefinitely”.
As one of the parliamentarians whom China has sanctioned, I must say that that is a terrible decision, and it flies in the face of the evidence.
Will the Government publish those documents, and make a statement explaining why they no longer wish to sanction Chinese officials?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his comments, which I will deal with as best I can.
He indicated just two or three of the defects in this appalling legislation.
He was right to identify them.
He did not ask me whether the legislation is in breach of the Sino-British joint declaration.
In fact, it is not; the Hong Kong Government are legislating for themselves.
The British Government declared in 2021 that China is in ongoing breach of the Sino-British joint declaration.
My right hon.
Friend asked about the rule of English common law and the warnings given by the Government of the United States.
The British business community is extremely experienced and well able to reach conclusions for itself, but if ever the British Government’s advice were sought, we would always give it.
He talked about targeted sanctions.
I know that he is sanctioned; I hope that he will bear that with the necessary fortitude.
It is outrageous that he and others should be sanctioned in that way.
We do not discuss our approach to sanctions on the Floor of the House, but my right hon.
Friend may rest assured that we are keeping all such matters under regular review.
I call the shadow Foreign Secretary.
Hong Kong’s new national security law is the latest degradation of the rights and freedoms of Hong Kong.
It is causing fear and unease not only to Hongkongers, but to UK and other foreign nationals living and working in Hong Kong, as well as international businesses and organisations operating there, and many outside Hong Kong.
Article 23’s provisions apply to Hong Kong residents and businesses anywhere in the UK.
We have seen where that can lead; there was the frankly appalling attack on a protester in Manchester in December 2022.
What steps are the UK Government taking to counter the threat of transnational repression, especially towards the 160,000 Hongkongers who have come to the UK via the British national overseas passport route?
Many will feel unsafe and unprotected, and are denied access even to their own  pensions.
I ask on their behalf, does the Minister accept that the law not only “undermines” the legally binding Sino-British joint declaration, as the Foreign Secretary put it, but represents a clear breach?
If so, will he say that to his Chinese counterparts?
The Minister says that he does not talk about sanctions, but it is of concern that although the US thinks sanctions are appropriate, the UK Government seem to be sitting on their hands.
In the constant absence of the Foreign Secretary, can I ask the Minister whether the Foreign Secretary accepts that his “golden era” with China was a strategic mistake that undermined British influence over Hong Kong, set us on a rodeo of inconsistency towards China and failed to stand up for the UK’s national security interests?