The hon.
Lady raises a really important point—it is something I feel really passionately about myself, and it is going to increase in prevalence as we get generations becoming older, because people have been more out in recent years.
I have been speaking to people about this important area of work, and will continue to raise it with colleagues in relevant Departments.
The Prime Minister was asked—
If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 20 March.
I know the whole House will join me in congratulating Vaughan Gething on his election as Welsh Labour leader and expected election as First Minister of Wales, and also in offering Mark Drakeford our best wishes on his retirement.
The Government I lead will always work tirelessly to benefit the lives of people across the United Kingdom, and I look forward to working constructively with the new First Minister to deliver for the people of Wales.
This morning, I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
The people of Clacton have had a tough time with the cost of living, and I am doing everything I can to support them.
With that in mind, does my right hon.
Friend agree that cutting inflation is the very best way to do that, and that today’s statistics are very welcome?
Can he reassure my constituents that he will continue working hard to get inflation as low as possible, in order to protect their savings, help with their bills and give them the financial security they deserve?
Today’s figures show that our plan is working.
Inflation has fallen to 3.4% from its peak of over 11%, down by almost 70%—the steepest fall since the 1980s, and now at the lowest level since September 2021—and people’s pay packets are going further, with real wages growing for eight months in a row and taxes being cut by £900 for the average worker.
That is why we need to stick to the plan to deliver a brighter future for our country.
We now come to the Leader of the Opposition.
I thank the Prime Minister for his words in welcoming Vaughan Gething to his post as First Minister of Wales.
As the first black leader of any European Government, it is a historic moment that speaks to the progress and values of modern-day Wales.
I also pay tribute to Mark Drakeford for his long, steady service in Wales.
With violent prisoners released early because the Tories wrecked the criminal justice system, 3,500 small boat arrivals already this year because the Tories lost control of the borders, the NHS struggling to see people because the Tories broke it, millions paying more on their mortgages, a Budget that hit pensioners and a £46 billion hole in his sums, why is the Prime Minister so scared to call an election?
As I said in January, my working assumption is that the election will be in the second half of the year.
I must say, I thought that out of everybody, the Leader of the Opposition would be the most grateful, because he has now actually got time to come up with a plan for Britain.
We are all looking forward to finally seeing it.
Oh, we are ready—just call it.
Let us just take the Prime Minister’s Rwanda policy.
When the Tories first announced this gimmick, they claimed it would settle tens of thousands of people.
The Home Office then whittled it down to a mere 300.
Four  times that number have already arrived this month, and the backlog stands at 130,000.
Can the Prime Minister see any flaw in his plan to deport less than 1% of that backlog?
Since I became Prime Minister, the number of small boat crossings is actually down by over a third.