It was never the intention or the plan that such people would be unable to access online, webchat or other channels.
The Minister has spoken about members of the public who are willing and able to access services online.
Members have to complete our own self-assessment form.
I am willing and able, but I still need access to a telephone helpline.
He said that 500 people are needed to answer the same  three questions, which obviously cannot be handled by the online system.
Following this announcement, is he confident that HMRC has the digital tools necessary to cater for more than 12 million self-assessment taxpayers?
I need to correct the hon.
Lady, as the vast majority of the points I raised could be handled online, including through the app.
One of the things we must do is communicate far more clearly.
A fair point has been raised in the Chamber today, and I will continue to discuss it with HMRC, because there are clearly some challenges with communicating what is available, where help exists and so on, but there is a wealth of information on the digital offerings, particularly the app, and I encourage people to adopt them, where possible.
The hon.
Lady makes a valid point that people who cannot adopt them will need other help, and we are listening.
It is clear that HMRC made a serious mistake, and the Government acted commendably quickly in intervening to put matters right.
I am sure they will now take a close interest in what happens next.
As a matter of policy, will the Minister ensure that, whatever the future holds, it will not be anything so sudden or brutal, and that there will be a trial period before anything so dramatic is implemented across the board?
As I mentioned a few moments ago, there has been a trial closure of telephone services.
The recently reported results show that the trial worked quite well.
As we heard overnight and are hearing again in the Chamber today, the important challenge is that the confidence behind that has not been effectively communicated.
The reassurances that I personally received on what will happen to help those who are not able to access online services—including the disabled, those without digital access and those with particularly complex cases—were not communicated.
That is important to making sure that, as HMRC moves forward and policy is developed, we move at a pace with which people are comfortable.
I hope that HMRC’s screeching U-turn is a result of the Minister’s action.
If it is, I congratulate him on stepping in so quickly.
Does he agree that, at a time when more and more people are being dragged into complex tax returns because of fiscal drag, when 1 million people had their calls to HMRC unanswered in January and when a record number of people are putting in their tax returns late because they cannot get information, HMRC should not have adopted such a policy?
Will the Minister give us an assurance that this is not temporary and that whatever help income tax payers require to pay their tax will be made available?
I give the right hon.
Gentleman an assurance on the latter point.
As I have outlined several times today, I think we can all recognise that the move to digital, where appropriate, will relieve the burden on the people answering telephone calls and on some other services, allowing them to deliver precisely the end goal that he describes.
Simplifying the tax system is a goal of Government policy.
I gave an example of people on high incomes with relatively simple tax affairs—those  who pay through PAYE, for example—and we are trying to remove as many of those people as possible from self-assessment.
I completely understand the right hon.
Gentleman’s points.
Although decisions on individual tax cases are rightly managed independently by HMRC, political and public pressure saw this ridiculous decision squashed.