Unwanted development and villages taken out of the green belt without promised infrastructure is why I have been calling for an immediate review of the local plan for the last three years.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that Labour’s promise of concreting over the green belt, even against the wishes of local MPs, would simply add insult to injury?
Unlike both the Liberal Democrats and the Labour party, who believe in top-down targets that decimate the green belt, we believe in local people having a say over their local communities.
That is why we are committed to protecting and enhancing the green belt.
The national planning policy includes strong protections to safeguard this important land.
I note that my hon.
Friend’s local plan is currently under review by the council, which has indicated that it will be updating it, and I hope my hon.
Friend and her constituents engage with that process to help shape Guildford for future generations.
The EU High Representative for foreign policy, Josep Borrell, said on Monday that Israel is provoking famine in Gaza and using starvation as a weapon of war.
President Biden has said that there should be no attack on Rafah without a plan to ensure the safety of the  more than 1 million people living there.
Does the Prime Minister agree with High Representative Borrell and President Biden?
Because I do, and we need a ceasefire.
If he does agree, will he say so here in the Chamber today?
As the hon.
Gentleman knows, I have explained to the Opposition repeatedly that the findings from the Integrated Food Security Phase Classification initiative are gravely concerning.
It is clear that the status quo is unsustainable, and we need urgent action now to avoid a famine.
The UK is doing all it can to get more aid in and prevent a worsening crisis.
Two thousand tonnes of UK-funded food aid, including flour and hot meals, is being distributed by the World Food Programme in Gaza today, as we speak, and it is enough to feed more than 275,000 people.
We will continue to do everything we can to alleviate the suffering that people are experiencing.
Whether the Government plan to intervene in the running of children’s services by Herefordshire Council.
The Department for Education is mounting a significant intervention in Herefordshire’s children’s services, including expert improvement advice, a commissioner with statutory powers to direct the council, and a two-year improvement partnership with Leeds.
I can assure my hon.
Friend that the Department is closely monitoring the council’s progress.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for taking this terrible situation so seriously.
The permanent secretary at the Department for Education visited Hereford recently, so he will know that the new Conservative council is trying to mend the damage done by the previous Green and independent authority to far too many young people and their families.
As a father, does my right hon.
Friend agree that progress is still far too slow?
Will he meet me to discuss what more we can do?
Like my hon.
Friend, I am concerned to hear that children in Herefordshire are not receiving the level of service that they should expect.
I know that Ministers have revisited the commissioner’s latest report, and while some improvements have been made, I agree that it is very clear that the pace of change is not what it should be.
My hon.
Friend has been right to campaign tirelessly on this.
I assure him that Ministers continue to hold the local authority to account, but I will be happy to meet with him to discuss his concerns further.
Bedford renal unit is closed until further notice while investigations into the water treatment unit are carried out.
This is a major incident for the nearly 100 patients in Bedford whose lives are now severely disrupted by the need to travel around 50 miles up to four times a week to access lifesaving kidney dialysis.