Friend do to encourage the international community to unite in calling out sexual violence and those who seek to deny that it happens?
I thank my hon.
Friend for highlighting the issue.
She will be pleased to know that just last week, following calls from the UK, Lord Ahmad, the Minister in the other place, attended the UN Security Council to express deep concerns about the findings of the UN special representatives of the Secretary-General on their recent visit to the region.
The UK is leading work internationally through our preventing sexual violence initiative, and through dedicated funding, totalling £60 million, to prevent conflict-related sexual violence and to strengthen justice and support for all survivors.
If she will make an estimate of when the gender pay gap will be closed.
It was this Conservative Government who introduced mandatory gender pay gap reporting for large employers, to shine a light on the gender pay gap and promote action to close it.
As a result, the gender pay gap has fallen by approximately a quarter over the past decade.
I thank the Minister for her response.
Can she indicate whether the narrowing of the gender pay gap over the past 10 years has been less pronounced, in percentage terms, among women on lower incomes than among those on larger salaries?
Actually, the results from our gender pay gap reporting are slightly different: it is in higher-paid professions that the gender pay gap seems to exist, but that is because women are often in low-paid work.
The hon.
Member is absolutely right to raise the issue.
Next month, we are introducing a pay rise of 10% for the lowest paid through an increase to the national living  wage.
After the national insurance cut, added on to the cut in January, people will be almost £900 better off in work.
I call the Chair of the Women and Equalities Committee.
The issue is not just the gender pay gap; there is also the gender pension gap, the lack of women on boards, and the importance of making sure that we have a pipeline of talented women at every level.
Yesterday, I was with the community interest company, Women on Boards, and its clear message to the Minister is, “Please can we have more action and fewer initiatives, to ensure that we make real progress in getting women in our companies, at every level?”.
We absolutely are taking action.
We are planning to introduce the pay transparency pilot, because in high-paid jobs, salaries are often not advertised, and women end up being paid less than men for the same role.
It is such action that will make a difference to women across the country.
What steps the Government are taking to help support women experiencing menopause at work.
In March 2023, I appointed Helen Tomlinson as the Government’s first menopause employment champion.
We are working across Government and with employers to increase awareness and develop policies to support women experiencing the impact of menopause at work.
We recently launched new guidance on the Help to Grow portal to empower businesses to educate their organisation about menopause.
Last July, we saw the introduction of the British Standards Institution standard on menstruation, menstrual health and menopause in the workplace.
Earlier this month, the International Organisation for Standardisation voted to develop an international version.
Will the Minister join me in congratulating the BSI, countless grassroots organisations, individuals including my hon.
Friend  the Member for Swansea East (Carolyn Harris) , and the menopause all-party parliamentary group, who have all worked tirelessly to ensure that menopausal women in this country are given the support that they so deserve?
I am absolutely delighted to welcome all of that work.
I also welcome the fact that  the hon.
Member for Swansea East (Carolyn Harris)  was able to join us in a roundtable discussion at Gower College.