It is important to recognise that 67,000 people work for HMRC.
They go to work every day and try to do the right thing, and it is important to recognise that many people there work very hard.
The overall strategy is absolutely right and I completely support it, and I will give the hon.
Member an example of why we need to encourage and support the move to online services.
In 2022-23, HMRC received more than 3 million calls on just three things that can easily be done digitally: resetting online passwords, getting one’s tax code and getting one’s national insurance number.
That involves almost 500 people working full time to answer just those calls, and such resources could be redeployed.
The hon.
Member can be reassured that those who are not digitally savvy and those with difficulties will always be able to access services, including telephone services.
I call the Chair of the Treasury Committee.
May I thank the Financial Secretary and the Chancellor for listening to the howl of pain that came from ordinary taxpayers when they saw the announcement yesterday?
Those who contact the HMRC hotline are the most law-abiding, tax paying people across this land.
This morning, the Treasury Committee has published more data showing that it is increasingly difficult to contact HMRC by telephone.
While I fully endorse what the Minister has just said about the long-term strategy to move people online, it cannot be done by randomly shutting down HMRC’s telephone lines.
The Minister had an excellent digital track record in the private sector before he came into Parliament.
May I urge him to use that experience to make this much more of a gradual transition for those law-abiding citizens of ours?
I thank my hon.
Friend and the Select Committee for their work in this area.
I know that HMRC customer service has been an area of focus   for her and others for some time, and we appreciate the input.
I recognise that she acknowledges the potential opportunities and the upside to encouraging more people to go online, but the point she makes is really important.
HMRC has taken the feedback with good grace, because it is important that we move at the speed at which the public are willing to move.
Of course, some people are not willing or able to move to purely online services.
I am sorry for not responding earlier to  the hon.
Member for Ealing North (James Murray)  on whether the telephone lines will stay open.
Yes, of course  they will.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
This is absolute chaos.
The proposal to permanently close the self-assessment helpline for half the year was truly half-baked and irresponsible, as were the planned restrictions to the VAT helpline.
The reversal is welcome, but the fact that the announcement was made at all highlights the disconnect at the heart of HMRC’s customer operations.
As the Federation of Small Businesses has pointed out,
“customer service levels are at an all-time low”—
a view backed up by the Public Accounts Committee.
At a time when the Chancellor’s policies are fiscally dragging more people into PAYE, the proposal was typically tone deaf to people’s needs.
Fran Heathcote of the PCS union has said that
“the combination of low-pay and micro-management”
is “rife across the whole” of HMRC’s customer service department.
The Minister said that HMRC is a non-ministerial Department, but we know that it has been told what to do by the Chancellor overnight.
When did the Government get notice of the announcement?
Was it a reaction to the Chancellor’s decision to cut HMRC’s budget by £1.6 billion next year?
Will he now ensure that the cut is reversed and order HMRC to recruit more customer service staff, and will he now instruct HMRC to make the reversal permanent?