I am absolutely delighted to welcome all of that work.
I also welcome the fact that  the hon.
Member for Swansea East (Carolyn Harris)  was able to join us in a roundtable discussion at Gower College.
In fact, Jane from the BSI was one of a number of women to join our first menopause roundtable for International Women’s Day at No.
10, where we celebrated the BSI and its international achievements.
Helen Tomlinson, too, has been recognised internationally.
What steps she is taking with the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities to help reduce faith-based discrimination and harassment.
All forms of religious hatred have absolutely no place in our communities, and we work with police and community partners to monitor and combat it.
We are taking a broad approach to tackling religious hatred, and are engaging extensively with experts to explore how religious hatred is experienced by British communities and how it affects different faiths and individuals.
There has been an appalling surge of antisemitism and Islamophobia in recent months, but the anti-Muslim hatred working group has been suspended since March 2020, and the hate crime strategy is four years old; we clearly need a new one to tackle the hate crime in our communities.
Will the Minister commit to restarting the anti-Muslim hatred working group and bringing forward a new hate crime strategy?
As I said in answer to previous questions, we will appoint a new adviser on anti-Muslim hatred.
We are engaging with the Muslim community at senior levels.
The Prime Minister and the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities have recently met Tell MAMA, which plays a very important role in tackling hate crime.
This Government are completely behind our Muslim communities, and we will absolutely do the right thing for them.
I welcome the Minister’s comments.
We are all behind her, and endorse what she said, but can she give me some idea of recent progress she has made on delivering the Inclusive Britain action plan?
We have been doing lots of work on that, and will be releasing the report today.[Official Report,  16 April 2024 ; Vol.
748, c. 4WC.] (
Correction)
I call the SNP spokesperson.
With permission, Mr Speaker, I will briefly pay tribute to my constituent Henry Wuga, whose funeral took place earlier today.
Henry, who came to Glasgow on the Kindertransport, was a truly remarkable man.
He and his late wife Ingrid made an enormous contribution to Scotland and the world through their work as holocaust educators.
His legacy is truly immense, and I am sure that the House will join me in sending our thoughts to Henry’s family.
May his memory be a blessing.
The increase in antisemitism and Islamophobia is eye-watering.
It should be of serious concern to us all.
Urgent action is needed on both fronts, and community cohesion and dialogue must be a priority.
In recent months, there has been a 335% increase in Islamophobic hate cases in the UK.
None the less, and despite our just having had the International Day to Combat Islamophobia, the UK Government have not convened the anti-Muslim hatred working group in more than four years.
Now that the next anti-Muslim hatred adviser has quit over extremist threats, we need concrete answers.
When will the Government take tackling Islamophobia seriously?
On behalf of the Government, I pass on my condolences.
We have made it incredibly clear that the Government are completely committed to tackling anti-Muslim hatred.
We have upped the amount of money  going towards the protection of mosques and Muslim faith schools.
We are about to appoint a new anti-Muslim hatred adviser.
This is an effort across Government.
I completely agree that the levels of both anti-Muslim hatred and antisemitism that we see at the moment are not acceptable.
That is why we are dealing with it.
What steps she is taking to help increase inclusivity and accessibility at work for disabled people.