Fran Duvall (1 January 1935--14 May 2022) The family of Frances Eloise Duvall honors her memory during this holiday season. Ms. Duvall was born 1 January 1935 at home in Landover, Maryland and died 14 May 2022 in Fairfax, Virginia. She was the ninth and last child of Anna Louise (nee Bennett) and George Paul Duvall and grew up in the nation's capital. After graduating from Immaculate Conception Academy in 1952, Ms. Duvall worked as a typist for the Navy Department, as a secretary with the University of Maryland Engineering Department and later with the Civil Service Commission. Ms. Duvall met Keith Daggy in the early 1950s while both were members of the Bladensburg Skate Club. They were married in 1956 and, a year later, moved to Waynesboro, VA. There they had three children, Teresa, Roger, and Mary Helen, who did not survive a premature birth. Ms. Duvall and Mr. Daggy divorced in 1976, at which time Ms. Duvall began working full-time at the University of Virginia while studying at Mary Baldwin College (now University) in Staunton, earning her Bachelor of Arts in Business Management in 1981. Ms. Duvall then moved back to Washington, DC, where she worked as the office manager for Representative Sidney R. Yates, IL, and his successor, Jan Schakowsky, until Ms. Duvall's retirement in 2001. The final chapter of Ms. Duvall's life was written at Greenspring Retirement Community in Springfield, VA, where she lived from 2003 until her death. She was deeply involved in various aspects of the community, particularly the Greenspring Players, the theatre troupe at the retirement village. Ms. Duvall served in many capacities: chair, co- chair, director, producer, prompter, computer support, publicity, props and cast parties, as well as upgrading and clarifying policies and procedures for the Players. Ms. Duvall also created and maintained a scholarship program, awarding scholarships to undergraduate and graduate students majoring in all aspects of theatre. Additionally, Ms. Duvall hosted various shows on the Village's internal television station and assisted in producing the station's programs on presidential libraries. She also created sign language classes at the Village. Ms. Duvall was a life-long Democrat and vigorously defended equal rights. She volunteered on Election Day to ensure that residents could cast their vote. After attending many memorial services to honor friends who had passed, Ms. Duvall decided, in January 2020, to celebrate her 85th birthday with beautiful music performed by her children and grandchildren and amusing, heartfelt anecdotes from her friends and loved ones. Ms. Duvall leaves behind her daughter, Teresa, and granddaughter Zoe, as well as her son, Roger, his wife Kimberlea, and their children, Maximilian and Celia.