Lady for her points.
She addressed a number of issues, but not the fact that when Labour were in government, it ran a similar scheme for three years.
Does she want to explain how many were released during that scheme?
I am sure that she will welcome the opportunity to update the House.
She talks about risk, and she is right to raise these important issues, but it is also important that we set them out clearly and calmly.
First, unlike the Labour scheme in  which those who had been sentenced to under 12 months were released with no licence conditions, everyone will have a licence condition.
We need to be clear about what that means.
Under Labour’s scheme, which ran for three years, there were no licence conditions at all.
Under our scheme there will be licence conditions.
Secondly, Labour’s scheme operated in a blanket way across every prison.
Ours is targeted and calibrated.
Thirdly, and importantly, under this scheme there will be the opportunity for a gold command veto, where the governor has concerns about an individual—[Interruption.]
If the hon.
Lady could just listen for a moment.
Those concerns will be escalated to a panel of senior officials, who will make a decision based on the offender’s history, the proposed bail address and the conditions that could be imposed—not to contact, not to enter, to abide by a curfew or potentially to be tagged.
If the governor has concerns about safety, that person will not be released.
That safeguard was not available under the Labour scheme, which ran for three years.
It is critical to prioritising public safety, which is our focus.
In the hon.
Lady’s response there was the eloquent sound of silence in relation to the specific questions that this Government and every Government around the world face: should we have let out thousands of prisoners?
She has given no answer to that question, but it is important, because if she aspires to stand here, she will have to say whether that should have taken place.
Not doing so has contributed to the pressures that we face, but it would have been the wrong thing to do, because it would have prioritised prisoner safety over public safety.
We did not do it, and we were right not to do it.
Principle has a cost, and we have taken a sensible decision.
The second thing that the hon.
Lady did not address is whether we should have listened to those who clamoured for the end of jury trials.
I do not think she is suggesting that we should have, but there is an inevitable effect to that.
When we came into office, the number of cases in the Crown court was around 48,000.
Pre-covid, it was 39,000, but as it has gone up, inevitably as a result of keeping the jury trial system, a higher proportion of people have been in custody awaiting trial.
That is a matter of remorseless, arithmetic logic.
There are an additional 6,000 people now.
We made the right decision, but we have to take a sensible step.
The final point that the hon.
Lady failed to address is what she would have done in these circumstances.
She knows, as I know, that she would have taken exactly the same step.
To seek to make political capital is beneath her.
I call the Chair of the Justice Committee.
I commend the Secretary of State for his characteristically thoughtful and measured approach.
Does he agree that it does no one any good service to try to reduce this issue to simplistic arguments?
The truth is that dealing with prison capacity, where everyone has recognised for many years that there are real pressures, demands a careful set of checks and balances.
Does my right hon.
and learned Friend agree that those are in place?