The truth is that dealing with prison capacity, where everyone has recognised for many years that there are real pressures, demands a careful set of checks and balances.
Does my right hon.
and learned Friend agree that those are in place?
Does he also agree that we need to be honest with the public in saying that, however much we try, prison places are expensive and finite.
Therefore, the system must make judicious and intelligent use of prison, which includes  locking up those who are dangerous and having alternative ways of dealing with and punishing those who are not dangerous to the community.
Is that not the objective?
My hon.
Friend makes an exceptional point.
We have to proceed on the basis of evidence, not emotion.
We choose to lock up the most dangerous offenders for longer, which is why those who murder in the context of sexual or sadistic behaviour should be in custody for the rest of their lives, because the threat to the population is so great.
Where people can be reformed using technology, which was not available a long time ago, we should use that, not just because that works as a matter of common sense but because the data shows that it works.
On my hon.
Friend’s specific point, anyone who looks at this issue calmly and in an adult way will see that there have been pressures in moments in history.
There was one in 1997 and another in 2007, when Jack Straw had a terrible argument with Lord Falconer about the use of cells in Inner London Crown court.
Those of us who have been in the system remember that.
The key is whether to deal with that in a sensible, calibrated and proportionate way.
We will take every step to look after the safety of the public, and we will not score political points in the process.
Last week, the Prisons Minister and I visited Wormwood Scrubs, where we found doubling up in single cells, with unshielded toilets, and overcrowding affecting people’s time out of cell and access to work.
The education service was described as poor, and food budgets are £2.70 a day.
Staff told us that assaults on officers are not being prosecuted.
What is the Lord Chancellor doing to improve conditions in our Victorian prisons, as that is vital for the welfare of staff, the rehabilitation of prisoners and the protection of the public?
First, I commend the hon.
Gentleman for visiting his local prison, as doing so is extremely valuable and I am grateful for his feedback.
He raised a number of issues and I would be happy to write to him, but may I just deal with one thing in particular?
We ask prison officers to do an extremely difficult job; they need to be robust, but sometimes they have to be sensitive.
To assist them in doing so, we are ensuring, first, that they are paid properly, and so we accept every last penny of the Prison Service pay review body recommendation.
Secondly, we are rolling out body-worn video, so that they know that if a situation looks like it is escalating, the evidence will be there—that provides a powerful deterrent effect.
Thirdly, and finally, we are reducing attrition.
I hope he will agree that experienced prison officers are the ones who can make those tough decisions on when to be tough and when, metaphorically speaking, to offer that hand of support.
Clearly, there is pressure on the prison estate.
I appreciate that some of the challenge to the Justice Secretary’s statement today is about many thinking that we are not keeping in prison people who should be there, but there is also a problem of some people being sent to prison who should not be there.
He will be aware of my police officer constituent who one minute was hailed a hero for apprehending a violent criminal and the next found himself in Wandsworth prison.