We need to find a reliable legal route, if that is to be sustainable.
What diplomatic steps he is taking to help secure the safety and release of Vladimir Kara-Murza.
The UK has consistently condemned Vladimir Kara-Murza’s politically motivated conviction and called for his release.
We sanctioned 11 individuals in response to his sentencing, as well as two individuals involved in his earlier poisoning.
We regularly raise his case both with the Russian authorities and at multilateral fora.
Since the death of Alexei Navalny, do the Government recognise the increased urgency of Vladimir Kara-Murza’s case?
He is now the most high-profile living political prisoner in Russia.
What more are the Government considering doing?
Are the Government working with our allies, such as the United States, on a number of issues in this field?
Our ambassador raised Mr Kara-Murza’s case in person with Russia’s Deputy Foreign Minister on  19 January , repeating our request for consular access.
The Foreign Secretary met Mrs Kara-Murza, and Mr Kara-Murza’s mother, Elena Gordon, on  1 March .
We remain in close and regular contact with his family and legal representatives, and we will continue to keep his case at the top of our agenda.
My constituent, Evan Gershkovich, was detained by the FSB—the Federal Security Service—almost exactly a year ago, on  29 March 2023 .
He is an American citizen who lives in the UK and works for The Wall Street Journal.
His continued detention is another stain on Russia.
Although Mr Gershkovich is not a British citizen, is the Minister conferring with his American colleagues to ensure that Mr Gershkovich is released?
Yes, I am happy to confirm that.
I will seek an update from our head of mission in Moscow for the hon.
Lady’s increased awareness.
What recent assessment he has made of the implications for his policies of the Israeli occupation of the west bank.
What recent assessment he has made of the implications for his policies of the Israeli occupation of the west bank.
Israel must not undermine prospects for peace and security in the west bank.
As the occupying power, Israel must protect the civilian population.
The Minister forgot to mention that this is one of the rare occasions on which the United Kingdom Government have a long-standing position that Israel is acting unlawfully in the west bank.
Some 700,000 separate criminal acts of unlawful occupation have been endorsed and instructed by Benjamin Netanyahu.
Because that illegal occupation has gone unpunished, we now see extremists, with the tacit acquiescence and sometimes direct support of the Israeli Defence Force, committing acts of cold-blooded murder against innocent civilians.
If they do not stand up to criminals, those crimes will get worse.
The Minister mentioned that two individuals have been sanctioned for their crimes in the west bank.
Why have the President or the Prime Minister of Israel, who ordered that unlawful occupation, not also been sanctioned?
The Government pursue the objectives I have set out clearly to the House in a way most likely to bring success.
The five core asks that are so relevant to many of these questions are: the release of all hostages; formation of a new Palestinian Government for the west bank and Gaza; removing Hamas’s capacity to launch attacks against Israel; Hamas no longer being in charge of Gaza; and, with our allies, the provision of serious practical and technical support for the Palestinian Authority.
That is the approach that is most likely to command support and not, I fear, the line that the hon.
Gentleman took.
The Minister said that Israel has a duty to protect civilians, but in the west bank there have been 400 deaths.
There are now testimonies from Palestinian civilians, including women and children, who have been subject to kidnap, torture and abuse at the hands of Israeli settlers, yet the UK Government have sanctioned only four illegal settlers.
What further action are the UK Government going to take against settlers?