Surely we should be attending to this now as a matter of some urgency?
I listed the countries that take the same view as us.
The right hon.
Gentleman is right that there is a division, but Britain is not due to provide any funding until we reach the next financial year in April.
We will, of course, seek to do everything we can to resolve the matter by the time that funding is due.
Can the deputy Foreign Secretary confirm that Israel is co-operating with an increasing number of lorries entering Gaza carrying essential humanitarian aid?
I have been looking up the figures: 16,405 aid lorries, 203,300 tonnes of food and 26,160 tonnes of water.
Is it not correct that the Israelis have said there is no limit on the amount of aid that can come in, but that there is a delay once it has passed Israeli checks and before it gets into Gaza proper?
My right hon.
and learned Friend is right to say that there has been an increase in the number of trucks getting in.
In February there were, on average, only 97.
In March that figure is 162.
So there has been an improvement, but the House will recognise that there is nothing like enough getting through.
The easiest way to do so is by truck and road.
It is because that is so difficult that we have had to find other mechanisms, such as the maritime and air routes.
I call the shadow Minister.
May I return the Minister to the serious allegations made today, following a BBC investigation, that medics in Gaza were detained, stripped and beaten while trying to perform their life-saving humanitarian duties?
All of us in the House have repeatedly called on all parties to abide by international law, but the Government have so far declined to say that the provisional measures of the International Court of Justice should be implemented in full.
Will he now tell us that they should be, and that the UK will support the International Criminal Court investigation, led by Andrew Cayley, to ensure not only that all allegations against all parties are investigated, but that there is accountability for those who break the law?
The hon.
Lady is quite right: there needs to be a full and thorough investigation and accountability in respect of what was reported today by the BBC, and I can assure her that the Foreign Office is pressing for full transparency and accountability on that matter.
But surely the Minister can see the problem.
Unless the ICJ’s provisional ruling is implemented and the ICC is allowed to go about its work, those words are simply meaningless; and unless the international community makes it crystal clear that rules will be upheld by all parties and those who do not uphold them will be held accountable, more people will die.
Peace is built on the bedrock of international law.
May I ask the Minister again to make it clear to the House that the Government will support the ICC’s investigation of Hamas as well as its investigation of Israel and will press for the full implementation of the ICJ’s provisional ruling, and that international law will be upheld not when it is convenient but always, as the precondition for peace?
Let me be very clear about this: we did not believe, and do not believe, that the ICJ referral is helpful to attempts to secure dialogue.
We respect the role and independence of the ICJ and will consider any advisory opinion, but we did not think it helpful, without the consent of both parties, for the Court to deliver an advisory opinion on what is essentially a bilateral dispute.
However, we keep all these matters under review and, as I have said, our current position is that we believe Israel has both the capacity and the intent to abide by international humanitarian law.
I call the SNP spokesperson.