The British public do not want to be responsible for starvation in Gaza.
When will the Minister resume the funding?
As I have told the House before, no British funding is due until April and enough funds have now come forward to ensure that adequate supplies are available.
We are awaiting the report of the UN Office of Internal Oversight Services and the interim report from Catherine Colonna, the former French Foreign Minister.
The view we take is that when we have seen those, we very much hope we will have the reassurance to recommence funding.
That is also the position of the US, Germany, Australia, Italy, Finland, the Netherlands and Switzerland.
I hope that the hon.
Gentleman will be comforted by the fact that we are very much trying to resolve this matter as speedily as we can.
I call the Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee.
The Foreign Affairs Committee recently returned from al-Arish, which is the staging point for aid into Gaza.
It was very difficult to see thousands of trucks on that border.
The Government have been clear that Israel has a legal  obligation to ensure that aid reaches civilians.
The last legal assessment took place at the end of last year.
Can my right hon.
Friend tell the House, in legal terms, whether Israel is demonstrating a commitment to international humanitarian law?
If he will not tell us in the House, will he please write to me?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her visit with the Select Committee and for her comments.
We are quite clear that Israel has the capacity and ability to abide by international humanitarian law.
We review it on a regular basis, but as of today that remains the position.
The UN mission team that recently visited Israel concluded that
“there are reasonable grounds to believe that conflict-related sexual violence occurred in multiple locations during the  7 October  attacks”.
In the light of that appalling and shocking conclusion, will the Government redouble their efforts to get the hostages home, because they might be suffering a similar fate to those victims on  7 October ?
I agree with my right hon.
Friend.
She will know that the Prime Minister, the Foreign Secretary and Lord Ahmad have all met the families of the hostages.
I had the privilege of meeting some of the families last week, the second occasion I have done so within the precincts of this House.
She is right.
We are doing everything we can to increase the flow of aid and get the hostages home.
We will continue to do so.
One of the most troubling aspects of the  7 October  massacre was the fact that many ordinary Gazans—reports indicate hundreds, or even thousands—followed the Hamas terrorists into Israel and participated in the atrocities.
Reports suggest that civilians kidnapped Israelis and sold them to Gaza-based terrorist groups, and committed further unspeakable acts of violence, including sexual violence.
Is my right hon.
Friend aware of those reports, and does he share my concerns about Hamas’s ongoing indoctrination of ordinary Gazan citizens?
My hon.
Friend makes a good point.
I am aware of those reports.
The fact remains that the appalling events of  7 October  were, as I have said in the House before, the worst atrocity and the worst killing of Jewish people since the holocaust and the second world war.
We continue to want total accountability for the terrible events that took place on that day.
Accepting what the Minister says about there being no money due to go to UNRWA until April, can I say to him, however, that for us to continue not to fund UNRWA sends a truly dreadful signal to other countries on the world stage?
Canada and Sweden have resumed their funding.
Surely we should be attending to this now as a matter of some urgency?
I listed the countries that take the same view as us.
The right hon.