As I have said, we are working on our good relations with Argentina, but the country is very clear about our position on the Falkland Islands.
What steps he is taking to support effective governance in the British overseas territories.
It is good to see my hon.
Friend in his place, and continuing with his strong interest in our overseas territories.
The UK is committed to ensuring the security and good governance of the overseas territories and their peoples.
We support improvements in institutions to ensure greater accountability and transparency, and fairer societies.
The Minister will know that the 16 British overseas territories are cherished parts of the British family, and we rightly expect good governance from them in return for their being part of our British family.
However, is it not time that they were given some form of representation—not necessarily here in the British Parliament, but in institutions such as a Committee of the House, where they could actually have a voice?
At the moment, they have no representation in any sense; they are not even allowed to be members of the Commonwealth—not even associate members.
Will he look at that, and see whether the Government can come up with a new approach to ensure that our British overseas territories are fully represented?
I understand my hon.
Friend’s point, which he makes with characteristic conviction.
The Foreign Affairs Committee is setting up a Sub-Committee that will engage the overseas territories more.
Of course, I am a strong voice, along with many other people here, for the overseas territories and will continue to be so.
What information his Department holds on the number of UK nationals who have died following surgical procedures in Turkey in the last 10 years.
We are aware of 28 British nationals who have died in Turkey following elective medical procedures since 2019.
The UK Government continue to engage actively with the Turkish Government on how to support the safety of patients who travel to Turkey for medical treatment.
I thank the Minister for that answer; that is far too many people who have died.
Many gruesome deaths have occurred following cosmetic surgery in Turkey.
The family of my constituent, 28-year-old Shannon, witnessed the most agonising, horrific death as she lay on a table convulsing for some nine hours.
As far as I am aware, not once have Foreign Office Ministers raised those needless deaths with Turkish Government officials.
Furthermore, a pitiful byline of travel advice on the gov.uk website is simply not good enough.
Will the Minister investigate an advertising suspension, in collaboration with Cabinet colleagues and regulators, for countries known for dangerous health tourism as a possible way to avoid further deaths like Shannon’s?
We raise that issue with our Turkish counterparts at many levels.
We will always look at what more we can do, but the head of mission in Ankara is seized of the urgency and importance of the issue and is working in close collaboration with the Turkish authorities.
What steps his Department is taking to help secure the release of Israeli hostages in Gaza.
What steps he is taking to support efforts to secure the release of hostages held by Hamas in Gaza.
We have been working tirelessly to secure the release of all hostages, including British nationals, since  7 October .
Last week, the UN published its first report into the violence against women in Israel on  7 October  and against hostages.
It concluded that rape, gang rape and genital mutilation were systematically used against Israeli women and girls.
The fact that the victims who survived do not trust the UN enough to speak to it about their experience adds another layer of heartbreak to the situation.
What will my right hon.
Friend the Minister do to urge the UN to make it a priority to rebuild trust and tell the world that #MeToo counts for Jews too?