I am so grateful to my right hon.
Friend for raising that issue, because ensuring that there is a vibrant profession is crucial, not only in order for the machine of justice to continue, but to provide the pipeline to which he referred.
As for the specific issue of listing or delisting, as he referred to it, that is a judicial discretion—it is a matter for the judges.
However, he is right about wanting to ensure that there is a pipeline, which is why we are investing more than £140 million into legal aid, so that instead of talented young professionals thinking, “I am off to the private sector to earn a fortune at the chancery Bar,” they will be there at the legal aid Bar, following in the footsteps of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bromley and Chislehurst (Sir Robert Neill) , the Chair of the Justice Committee, prosecuting and defending criminals so that we can ensure that justice is served in our country.
Does my right hon.
and learned Friend agree that under the new scheme victims will see justice prevail, while foreign national offenders will efficiently be processed to leave the country?
That contrasts with what happened under the previous Labour Government, who had people who had already served their sentence languishing in prison beyond their sentence while the deportation court caught up with the process.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
It is a matter of basic justice.
The British people expect that those who offend against our country, as well as against victims of crime, should receive short shrift.
That is why we are absolutely clear that if violent thugs who rape, murder, steal and rob are in our country from overseas, we will put them on a plane and get them out.
Presentation and First Reading ( Standing Order No.
57 )
Christine Jardine, supported by Wendy Chamberlain, Mrs Flick Drummond, Mr Tobias Ellwood, Richard Foord, Tim Loughton, Rachael Maskell, Jim Shannon and Munira Wilson, presented a Bill to require specified organisations and public bodies to inform children and young people of local, national and online support services available to them following a bereavement; and for connected purposes.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 26 April , and to be printed (Bill 176).
Presentation and First Reading ( Standing Order No.
57 )
Emma Hardy presented a Bill to require employers to ensure that personal protective equipment provided at work to people with certain protected characteristics within the meaning of the Equality Act 2010 is suitable for the wearer; and for connected purposes.
Bill read the First time; to be read a Second time on  Friday 7 June , and to be printed (Bill 177).
Motion for leave to bring in a Bill ( Standing Order No.
23 )
I beg to move,
That leave be given to bring in a Bill to require providers of electronic communications networks to allow their customers to access certain public sector websites free of charge; and for connected purposes.
It is a pleasure to present the Bill, which would make a significant difference to the financial security of so many struggling households up and down the country.
As we all know, the cost of living crisis has squeezed the household finances of millions.
The last thing our constituents need, when they are already worrying about choosing between heating their homes or putting food on the table, is to run out of data to access vital public services on the internet.
In October 2023, the digital inclusion all-party parliamentary group found that nearly 2 million households in the UK were struggling to pay for broadband—nearly double the number in the year before.
Indeed, a Citizens Advice study in May last year reported that 12% of households surveyed said they have had to cut back or stop spending on broadband entirely during the previous 12 months.