That has been an incredibly instructive experience.
One I spoke to in Luton and Dunstable told me that the measures we have taken to roll out 12 weeks’ guaranteed accommodation were the most significant steps that any Government had taken in the 30 years he had been a probation  officer.
The reset I referred to will follow evidence, not emotion.
In other words, it will allow probation officers to calibrate and prioritise their resource to those parts of the licence period where reoffending is most likely to take place.
That is common sense and it follows the evidence.
Ultimately, measures such as that are why reoffending has gone down from 31% to 25%, thus saving a number of people from being victims of crime in the first place.
I thank the Minister for a comprehensive response, as always; he is certainly across his subject.
It is great that action has been taken to ease prisoner overcrowding.
An element of concern must, however, be expressed at the thought of criminals being released early, even though their crimes are being deemed “low level”.
What procedure will be followed to ensure that those being considered for early release pose absolutely no threat to the public?
What is the Minister’s plan should one reoffend upon release?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for raising that matter because it is important that we in this House, no matter where we sit, ensure that a clear and accurate message goes to the public.
The people who are out will be out on conditions.
If a condition is breached—this is not necessarily about committing an offence—not only will they be recalled for the period of the end of custody supervised licence, but they could be recalled for the entire balance of their sentence.
That is an important point to understand.
We could be talking about a contact condition, a residence condition, a co-operate with probation condition or a “not to go to Strangford town centre” condition.
These things are important conditions to ensure that the public are protected and society is kept safe.
I welcome today’s statement on foreign national offenders, but this is ultimately about law-abiding British people.
Does the Justice Secretary agree that we should instantaneously remove any right to remain at the end of their sentences for those who abuse our hospitality by committing the most serious crimes?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right about this; people who come to our country and enjoy its hospitality should expect short shrift if they repay that with crime, because that is an offence against not just the individual, but our entire community.
That is why we are taking robust action to deport foreign national offenders.
I am afraid to say that this is action not shared by the Opposition; in 2020, a letter was sent to the then Prime Minister urging him not to allow a planeload of foreign national offenders to take off.
Who signed it?
It was the shadow Secretary of State.
Is the Lord Chancellor alive to a principal concern and source of frustration among Crown court judges: the frequent delisting of cases at short notice, with all the consequences that then follow for delay and increasing numbers of prisoners on remand, occasioned by a growing shortage of criminal barristers?
That, in turn, will lead to a reduction in both the quantity and quality of future judges.
I am so grateful to my right hon.
Friend for raising that issue, because ensuring that there is a vibrant profession is crucial, not only in order for the machine of justice to continue, but to provide the pipeline to which he referred.
As for the specific issue of listing or delisting, as he referred to it, that is a judicial discretion—it is a matter for the judges.