Clearly, there is pressure on the prison estate.
I appreciate that some of the challenge to the Justice Secretary’s statement today is about many thinking that we are not keeping in prison people who should be there, but there is also a problem of some people being sent to prison who should not be there.
He will be aware of my police officer constituent who one minute was hailed a hero for apprehending a violent criminal and the next found himself in Wandsworth prison.
There is a slight irony, given this statement, that the Government intend to put further pressure on the estate through clauses in their Criminal Justice Bill proposing the imprisonment of beggars and rough sleepers.
Given what he is saying today, will he consider supporting the amendments tabled by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Harrow East (Bob Blackman) , and supported by myself, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cities of London and Westminster (Nickie Aiken)  and many others from across this House, that would remove the intention to imprison rough sleepers and beggars?
My hon.
Friend assiduously raises matters on behalf of her constituents and is going to be such a loss to this House.
She indicates in that question why she will be.
Of course, I cannot comment on the specific circumstances relating to her constituent, because of the independent trial process.
The Criminal Justice Bill contains Home Office measures, but I will ensure that the Home Secretary is aware of the points she has raised.
The number of cases disposed of by our courts is down by 200,000 from its pre-pandemic level—a reduction of 12%.
What is the Secretary of State doing to eliminate that backlog?
What impact does he think there will be on prison numbers in the event that he is successful?
That is a fair question.
It is always worth remembering that more than 90% of cases are disposed of in the magistrates court, where we are getting through a very significant number.
He makes a fair point about the Crown court, because we are prosecuting 32% more rape offences than before, so the plea rate is lower, because—guess what?—people do not plead guilty to rape in the way that they might plead guilty to handling stolen goods, for example.
So we address that by putting additional money into the system, with £141 million going into legal aid, and by ensuring that section 28 is used, with pre-recorded video evidence and so on.
We make no apology for the fact that we have to let the system take its course on these appalling crimes and we will do everything we can to increase resources so that people—victims and witnesses—get the justice they deserve.
I very much support the carefully considered moves announced today by my right hon.
and learned Friend, which reflect the reality of the pressures on our prison estate and on our excellent prison officers, following the extraordinary impact of covid.
I especially welcome the additional steps he has announced to remove more foreign national offenders.
He spoke of a reset in probation, so will he set out in a little more detail how he hopes it will reduce reoffending and so cut crime?
What we all want to see, of course, is fewer victims of crime.
I am very grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising that point.
Probation is critical and I have made a point since coming into this role of speaking not only to senior probation officers, important though they are, but to probation officers on the frontline.
That has been an incredibly instructive experience.
One I spoke to in Luton and Dunstable told me that the measures we have taken to roll out 12 weeks’ guaranteed accommodation were the most significant steps that any Government had taken in the 30 years he had been a probation  officer.
The reset I referred to will follow evidence, not emotion.