Last week I had a meeting with the head of UNRWA, Mr Lazzarini, in which I presented him with the evidence and asked for a full account.
In respect of the two-state solution, let me be clear that within both the Israeli Government and civil society throughout Israel, there are pragmatic voices that believe in self-determination for Palestine as the only way forward.
It is very important that we try to build on that vision, which is why the Foreign Secretary is so committed to trying to bring people together so that when the political track can open, it has real substance to it.
Does the Minister agree that a two-state solution has become more difficult because of the construction of over 700,000 illegal homes in the west bank, which continues with the backing of the IDF and the Israeli Government?
Even now, we see images of people being turfed out of their homes and others taking over, and illegal settlement homes are being sold to people in the USA.
There are things that we want the Israeli Government to do in that respect.
We want them to release frozen funds, halt settlement expansion and hold to account those responsible for settler violence, which is why Britain has sanctioned four extremist Israeli settlers.
Let me be clear: as I understand it, the Israeli Government are not against Palestinian statehood but are against unilateral recognition without bilateral negotiations.
That was the burden of a vote in the Knesset on  18 February  this year.
The wider discussion of a two-state solution outside this place is being misrepresented.
Restaurants are being boycotted for selling Coca-Cola, because people think the company supports Israel.
The Coca-Cola factory in the west bank is actually owned by a Palestinian franchisee, so we need to educate people.
To get back to the discussion of a two-state solution, we clearly need a ceasefire and the hostages to be released by Hamas.
Will my right hon.
Friend detail what discussions he is having in that regard?
Those discussions are going on all the time with our friends and allies, with the regional powers, at the United Nations and, indeed, directly with Israel.
As I said, the Prime Minister and the Foreign Secretary talk regularly to Prime Minister Netanyahu, and we will continue to do so.
My hon.
Friend eloquently set out the reason for the Government’s policy of trying to create a pause to get the hostages out and aid in, and we will continue to pursue that objective.
I call shadow Minister.
The situation in Gaza is truly appalling, but the situation in the west bank is also a cause for huge concern.
Since the horrific  7 October  attacks, over 400 Palestinians have been killed and thousands have been detained.
Further to the  question from my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bolton South East (Yasmin Qureshi) , last week Israel advanced plans for 3,400 new homes in the Occupied Palestinian Territories.
As a two-state solution is the only path to a lasting peace, does the Minister agree that a firm position on these issues must be taken now by the United Kingdom and the international community?
I hope that I have set out my broad agreement with what the hon.
Gentleman says.
Britain wants to see steps taken against illegal settlements and settlers who have committed crimes—we want to see them arrested, tried and punished for those crimes.
We want to see the Palestinian Authority reinvigorated, with new leadership and a strong approach to taking up the roles that it will need to fulfil when the sky clears and there is a moment for the political track to begin.
What assessment he has made of the steps needed to secure a sustainable ceasefire in Gaza.
What assessment he has made of the steps needed to secure a sustainable ceasefire in Gaza.