The Minister said that Israel has a duty to protect civilians, but in the west bank there have been 400 deaths.
There are now testimonies from Palestinian civilians, including women and children, who have been subject to kidnap, torture and abuse at the hands of Israeli settlers, yet the UK Government have sanctioned only four illegal settlers.
What further action are the UK Government going to take against settlers?
Surely it is time to ban the trade of goods from those illegal settlements once and for all.
I really do not think that that would be a very sensible thing to do.
We do not comment across the Floor of the House on who is about to be sanctioned or where the sanctions regime is going, but the hon.
Member may rest assured that we keep these matters under very careful review.
I call the shadow Minister.
As Ramadan begins and Passover and Easter approach, it is vital that all places of worship in Jerusalem be respected.
I was extremely concerned by suggestions from Israeli Minister Ben-Gvir that restrictions could be imposed on worshippers at al-Aqsa mosque.
I welcome subsequent statements by Israeli authorities that the sanctity of the holiday will be preserved.
Authorities must show respect and restraint at this crucial moment.
Have the Government made it clear to Israeli counterparts that Minister Ben-Gvir’s comments were unacceptable and inflamed tensions, and that the status quo arrangements must be maintained?
The hon.
Member is entirely right about the importance of religious freedom, particularly in the circumstances that she so clearly set out.
She may rest  assured that those are points that the British Government make very strongly to Israel.
It is helpful that the Opposition and the Government speak with one voice on that very important matter.
What steps he is taking to uphold the Falkland Islanders’ right of self-determination.
What steps he is taking to uphold the Falkland Islanders’ right of self-determination.
The UK Government will always protect and promote the Falkland Islanders’ right of self-determination.
Only they can decide their future.
We want a good relationship with Argentina, but have been very clear that we will never negotiate away the islanders’ democratic rights.
My right hon.
Friend the Foreign Secretary reassured the islanders about our enduring commitment during his welcome visit to the Falkland Islands last month.
I am the chair of the British overseas territories all-party parliamentary group.
I remember watching the ships leave the Tamar in my constituency and head to the Falklands more than 40 years ago.
In 1982, our Prime Minister, Maggie Thatcher, said:
“Defeat?
I do not recognise the meaning of the word.”
Do the Government retain that steely resolve?
I am young enough to remember those days as well, and yes, the UK Government remain steadfast in their resolve to ensure that the Falkland Islanders’ right of self-determination is upheld, and we will continue to use all diplomatic means to that end.
Will my hon.
Friend join me in recognising the efforts of the Falkland Islanders to build a modern, thriving community and economy, and does he agree that as long as they wish to remain part of the British family, the sovereignty of the Falklands Islands will not be up for discussion?
Well said.
The modern, diverse, economically prosperous Falkland Islands of today is testimony to the islanders’ achievements since the 1982 conflict.
The islanders are a valued part of the British family, and as long as they want to remain part of the family, sovereignty will not be up for discussion.
Have the very commendable words that the Minister has said at the Dispatch Box today been relayed to the Argentinian authorities?
As I have said, we are working on our good relations with Argentina, but the country is very clear about our position on the Falkland Islands.
What steps he is taking to support effective governance in the British overseas territories.
It is good to see my hon.