The last thing our constituents need, when they are already worrying about choosing between heating their homes or putting food on the table, is to run out of data to access vital public services on the internet.
In October 2023, the digital inclusion all-party parliamentary group found that nearly 2 million households in the UK were struggling to pay for broadband—nearly double the number in the year before.
Indeed, a Citizens Advice study in May last year reported that 12% of households surveyed said they have had to cut back or stop spending on broadband entirely during the previous 12 months.
For those on universal credit, the situation is even starker.
The study found that 16% of claimants said they were behind on their broadband bill, compared with just 4% of non-claimants.
Some 14% of universal credit claimants who said they had to cut down on their internet usage due to cost, also found it difficult to manage their universal credit account as a result.
In an age when we are increasingly able to access public services via the internet, particularly via mobile browsers, we must ensure that we do not leave people behind during this digital revolution.
Our reliance on the internet became acutely clear during the pandemic: NHS Digital recorded 1.2 billion visits to NHS webpages between October 2021 and September 2022, with 131 million visits to the vaccination booking pages.
The increasing prevalence of public information and resources available online is a good thing—as a former NHS worker, I know it has the capacity to make our public services more efficient, more agile and better value for money for taxpayers—but being able to access the NHS website should not be constrained by someone’s financial situation.
Likewise, someone on universal credit should not have to worry about not being able to access their account because of their data allowance.
Simply put, we know that those with the greatest need to access online services are often the ones facing the greatest barriers to do so.
During the pandemic, operators such as Vodafone, EE, Virgin Media, O2 and Three gave their customers free online access to the NHS website, covid information, the NHS app and online education resources such as BBC Bitesize and Oak National Academy.
The operators recognised the huge surge in need and the barriers that some people would face as a result.
This procedure is known as zero-rating, whereby accessing any of those websites would not consume a user’s mobile data allowance.
Indeed, since the pandemic, Virgin Media, O2 and Three continue to offer zero-rating to their customers  for various public service websites after seeing what a vital help it can be for the least well-off during the cost of living crisis.
My Bill simply proposes that we continue the good work that some operators have already done by extending this precedent into a legal requirement for all network providers operating in the UK.
By making the gov.uk and nhs.uk sites zero-rated, we can extend universal free access to the most vital services, such as universal credit, local authority services and NHS health information, to everyone no matter their financial situation.
Zero-rating public service websites is by no means a silver bullet, but it would help to ease one of the many financial burdens that households currently face.
By giving users free access to gov.uk webpages, for instance, we could ease some of the financial pressure and stress for some of the most vulnerable in society.
Many households rely on a mobile phone for all their internet access, but they are often dependent on expensive data top-ups to stay online.
By removing costs from gov.uk and nhs.uk sites, households who visit these services will not have their data affected and will still be able to access them even when they are out of data.