When Jeffrey Sachs, a UN adviser—from a Jewish American family, incidentally—says on camera:
“Israel has deliberately starved the people of Gaza… I am not using an exaggeration.
I’m talking literally starving a population.
Israel is a criminal, is in non stop war crime status, now I believe in genocidal status, and it is without shame, without remorse, without truth, without insight into what it’s doing”,
and adds:
“This is a murderous gang in government right now.
These are zealots”,
does that not give the UK Government pause to reflect on the funding of UNRWA, and to call for a ceasefire and the recognition of Palestine, which 138 of 193 UN member states have done, rather than see it wiped off the map?
I think almost nothing that the hon.
Gentleman has just said could possibly be deemed helpful in trying to bring the two sides together, achieve a pause, get the hostages out, get aid in and achieve a sustainable ceasefire.
Therefore, I am afraid I am unable to offer any reassurance on any of the points he made.
Last week, 287 children aged between five and 12 were kidnapped from their school in Nigeria.
That comes on top of 8,000 Christians who were killed for their faith last year.
What are we doing about it?
My right hon.
Friend is right about these appalling events, and the high commission in Abuja has raised these matters.
Our hon.
Friend  the Member for Congleton (Fiona Bruce) , who is responsible for freedom of religion or belief, regularly focuses on what is happening in Nigeria and makes representations, which also ensures that the Foreign Office is kept up to the mark in pursuing it.
Canada is to resume funding for UNRWA having received UN reports.
Has the UK Government received such reports, are they being reviewed, and when will that review be concluded and decisions be made?
We are asking that we have an interim report on both the key reports as soon as possible, and we will look at those reports as soon as they arrive and make our decisions accordingly.
During the course of these questions I have adumbrated both those who are supporting the same position as the UK and those who  are restoring funding immediately.
The hon.
Gentleman will want to bear in mind that Britain has fully funded UNRWA for its share up until the next financial year.
I call the Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee.
Haiti is on the edge of collapse, and only 100 nautical miles away are the Turks and Caicos islands, for whose national security the UK has responsibility.
Will the Foreign Office fulfil its role by requesting of the Ministry of Defence and the Home Office that we deploy HMS Trent with its defensive capabilities, deploy Royal Marine fast boats, provide assets monitoring in the sea lane, and increase the policing footprint in TCI?
Too often we have acted too slowly, which in the past that has resulted in threats to remove TCI from our overseas family.
Please can we act now?
I assure my hon.
Friend that I was recently in TCI and I understand the situation there.
We have seen a rise in the number of people making the dangerous journey by sea from Haiti to TCI.
We have put in place 13 serious crime investigators and seven firearms, officers, and we are working with the Home Office and the MOD in building capability and capacity in this important situation.
I listened carefully, as I always do, to what the Minister said regarding calls for an immediate humanitarian ceasefire, but it is now time to step up.
It requires all warring parties to stop the rockets, the bombs and the bullets—exactly right—and   for the hostages to be released.
Surely it would send a very strong signal if the UK Government now called for an immediate humanitarian ceasefire.
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for what he has said.