We work very closely with the Intergovernmental Authority on Development and the Troika.
We understand that the violence in Darfur bears all the hallmarks of ethnic cleansing and are funding an open-source organisation, the Centre for Information Resilience, to keep account of those events, so that there can be no impunity in that respect either.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that, in order to see Palestinian self-determination, we need an end to human rights abuses, antisemitism and the glorification of violence, and we need Palestinians free from Hamas?
We certainly agree with my hon.
Friend’s last point about a Palestine free from Hamas.
There is no place for Hamas in the future Government of Palestine.
On the point he makes about how we proceed further, the Government are absolutely clear that there is no place in our society, or anywhere else for that matter, for Islamophobia or antisemitism.
Israeli Minister Benny Gantz is the only person to have been granted a special mission status certificate by the Foreign Office since the beginning of last year, in effect protecting him from arrest for his part in suspected breaches of international law.
According to reports, Israel did not grant Gantz’s delegation official status, so can the Minister explain why the UK Government still chose to provide diplomatic cover for this individual?
Whatever the position of the Israeli Government, let me assure the hon.
Member that Benny Gantz was received in this country.
He was seen by the Foreign Secretary, and his visit was most welcome.
The Minister will know that European security continues to be underpinned by the USA, which funds the vast majority of the NATO budget.
Could I please ask him what is being done to coerce more of our NATO allies to meet their 2% commitment, and does he agree that European nations must shoulder more of the burden for our own security, for good strategic reasons?
I do agree that we must put our money where our mouth is, but as we survey the landscape of European and Atlantic security on the 75th anniversary of NATO, we see—with the accession of Finland and Sweden—that NATO is in very good order indeed.
I acknowledge what the Minister of State said about sanctioning certain west bank settlers, although four seems a very low number to me.
Has he raised the activities of those settlers with his opposite number in the Israeli Government?
The British Government have certainly raised those activities with the Israeli Government.
That is why we have asked that they should be arrested, prosecuted and punished for those activities.
On those who may or may not be subject to a sanctions regime,  we keep that fully under review, but the hon.
Member will understand why I think it is best not to discuss that across the Floor of the House.
Has any Foreign Office Minister, official or embassy member had any discussions with our American allies over the dysfunctional extradition treaty since the disgraceful end of the Sacoolas case?
My right hon.
Friend asks an extremely good question.
He and I have co-operated on this matter many times in the past.
If he would be so good as to table a question on this matter, I will make sure that he immediately gets a full answer to that question.
When Jeffrey Sachs, a UN adviser—from a Jewish American family, incidentally—says on camera:
“Israel has deliberately starved the people of Gaza… I am not using an exaggeration.
I’m talking literally starving a population.
Israel is a criminal, is in non stop war crime status, now I believe in genocidal status, and it is without shame, without remorse, without truth, without insight into what it’s doing”,
and adds:
“This is a murderous gang in government right now.