Friend is aware, sustainable and reliable supply chains for critical minerals—including lithium—are key.
I look forward to meeting the Bolivian vice-president this afternoon.
State-hood is the inalienable right of Palestinian people and not in the gift of any neighbour, so does the Minister agree that no country has the right to veto the UK’s recognition of a Palestinian state?
The British Government have always made it clear that they will recognise the Palestinian state when they think the time is right and such recognition would be helpful.
The Belarusian company Alutech has somehow managed to circumvent sanctions and set up in the UK, in direct competition with its business partner, Dewsbury-based Alunet, whose turnover has been halved from £30 million to £15 million and has shed jobs as a result of that unfair competition.
Will the Minister agree to meet with me and directors of Alunet to discuss how we can resolve this terrible situation?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this important issue.
As he knows, some of our officials have met representatives of the company concerned, and we are continuing to take action to close gaps between our Russian and Belarusian sanctions—we keep them under constant review.
I would be very happy to meet with my hon.
Friend to discuss the Belarusian sanctions further.
The Prime Minister and Foreign Secretary have been clear that we must be bolder, seizing hundreds of billions of pounds of frozen Russian assets to support the Ukraine war effort, and that we must get hold of the interest on those assets.
In February, the Prime Minister said,
“And then, with the G7, we must find lawful ways to seize the assets themselves and get those funds to Ukraine too.”
Can the Minister update the House on progress within the G7?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to ask that question.
We are making progress, but he is also right to point out that what we do needs to be lawful.
That is the key thing, and that is what we are working on.
Would the Minister for development and Africa please update the House on his recent visit to Ethiopia?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question.
I was recently in Ethiopia, and was able to visit Tigray and the edge of the most food-insecure area, where—as the House will know—starvation and food shortage is rising alarmingly.
The situation is as if a football was being kicked at a plate glass window; we have the power to alter its trajectory, but if we do not, it will smash that window.
That is why Britain is setting up a pledging conference—working closely with the United Nations—and a contact group on Ethiopia.
In the next financial year, we are increasing our bilateral funding very significantly.
While the world looks the other way, Sudan is suffering from a catastrophe, with 8 million people displaced, 15 million with no healthcare whatsoever, and 24 million going hungry.
What little aid there is is not getting in, and all aid across the conflict lines has been suspended since last December.
What efforts is the Minister making to advocate for additional crossing points for aid to get in to Chad and South Sudan and across the conflict line, and will he attend the aid conference in Paris next month?
Yes, I do expect to attend that conference.
I speak regularly to counterparts in the African Union, the United Arab Emirates and Saudi Arabia, and spoke last night to Tom Perriello, the new US special envoy for Sudan.
We work very closely with the Intergovernmental Authority on Development and the Troika.
We understand that the violence in Darfur bears all the hallmarks of ethnic cleansing and are funding an open-source organisation, the Centre for Information Resilience, to keep account of those events, so that there can be no impunity in that respect either.
Does my right hon.