On Gaza, we are pressing with partners for a humanitarian pause and increased aid flows to Palestinian civilians.
We have expanded the blue belt, defended shipping in the Red sea and launched an innovative development partnership with Qatar.
The international development White Paper is being implemented across Government and has been widely welcomed around the world.
Following recent events in Ukraine, what steps have been taken to speed up the process of releasing funds from the sale of Chelsea football club to support all victims of the war in Ukraine, wherever they are in the world?
The hon.
Lady is quite right that releasing those funds is taking far too long.
There are significant complications addressing the release, which involve the European Union and Portugal, as well as Britian.
I can tell her, however, that there is renewed energy in the Foreign Office to try to bring this matter to a head as swiftly as possible.
The International Atomic Energy Agency has recently made an assessment that enough uranium has been enriched in Iran to produce three atomic warheads.
If that is true, what is the Government’s consideration regarding snapping back sanctions on Iran?
These enrichment levels have no credible civilian justification.
We are working with partners to ensure that Iran never develops a nuclear weapon, are prepared to use all diplomatic options, including triggering UN snapback if necessary, and will continue to monitor the situation very closely.
I call the shadow Minister.
Next month is the anniversary of a full year of unmitigated horror in Sudan.
On Friday, the Security Council called for an immediate Ramadan ceasefire, and I know that our excellent diplomats and the Minister were pivotal in that resolution.
The African Union, the Arab League and Members across this House echo that call, but the violence has not stopped.
If the warring parties continue to refuse to listen, how can the Government work with partners to step up the pressure?
The hon.
Lady is quite right to raise the appalling position in Sudan, which to some extent has been masked by other terrible events in the world.
She will be pleased to hear that, thanks to British leadership at the United Nations, a new Security Council resolution was passed, I believe, last Friday.
We are seeking to bring together all the different parties to try to make progress, so that the next round of talks, possibly in Jeddah, will be more successful than the last.
Britain condemns any arming of either party inside Sudan.
We are seeking also, through the work of our diplomatic mission in Khartoum, currently based in Addis, to help build civil society so that a political track can emerge.
As the Prime Minister’s trade envoy to four key Latin American markets, I have seen at first hand the work that His Majesty’s Government and the UK private sector are doing to help with the responsible extraction of key minerals such as lithium.
With the drive to net zero accelerating, those minerals will only become more important, and competition is increasing.
What diplomatic steps is the Department taking to strengthen the UK’s security and its economic relations with countries in Latin America?
We are grateful for the outstanding work of our well-respected trade envoy—my hon.
Friend does amazing work.
Trade and security are two central tenets of the UK’s relationship with Latin America.
Joining the comprehensive and progressive agreement for trans-Pacific partnership creates huge opportunities for businesses in Latin America and in the UK, and as my hon.
Friend is aware, sustainable and reliable supply chains for critical minerals—including lithium—are key.
I look forward to meeting the Bolivian vice-president this afternoon.
State-hood is the inalienable right of Palestinian people and not in the gift of any neighbour, so does the Minister agree that no country has the right to veto the UK’s recognition of a Palestinian state?