I can update the House that our partnership with France has helped to bring down small boat arrivals, and together we stopped more than 26,000 crossings last years.
I thank the Minister for her response.
We in Northern Ireland have a border with the Republic of Ireland.
What discussions has she had with her counterparts in the devolved nations, and particularly in the Northern Ireland Assembly and the Police Service of Northern Ireland, about tackling illegal migration?
I am ever mindful that we have a land border that needs to be patrolled and policed.
As I said, we continue to engage across a number of international fora to strengthen our collaboration, and to make sure that we have secure and ambitious partnerships to tackle irregular migration.
I will ensure that my colleague updates the hon.
Gentleman on the meetings they have been having with the PSNI.
What recent discussions he has had with his German counterpart on the war in Ukraine.
My right hon.
Friend the Foreign Secretary and I regularly speak to our ministerial counterparts on a range of issues, including the war in Ukraine.
He met Foreign Minister Baerbock at the UK-German strategic dialogue on  7 March  in Berlin to reaffirm our commitment to supporting Ukraine.
I thank my hon.
Friend for his answer.
He will be aware that the head of the luftwaffe, Lieutenant General Ingo Gerhartz, made an appalling lapse of security.
The former director general of German intelligence, August Hanning, said on the subject that NATO security and British troops had had their existence in Ukraine “compromised.”
Does the Minister agree?
I appreciate my hon.
Friend’s motivation in asking that question.
We should keep in mind that our relationship with Germany on supporting Ukraine is strong, united and deeply co-operative.
Together we are delivering the fighting edge that our friends in Ukraine need.
One of the things that rang in my ears after my recent visit to Ukraine was the frustration with what is happening not just in the US, but even in those European countries—Germany, the UK, France and others—that are a “yes” on weapons support.
It is the slow yes that is frustrating people.
What is the Minister doing to turn that slow yes to Taurus into a quick yes?
More broadly, does that not make the case for a comprehensive defence agreement between Britain and the EU?
No, it does not, but we continue to work very energetically and closely with our friends across Europe, including at the recently convened French summit, to ensure that the heft and military capability of all Ukraine’s allies are brought to bear in increasing Ukraine’s fighting edge.
I call the shadow Minister.
Our defence, security and foreign policy relationship with Germany is critical, not least in relation to our united and mutual support for Ukraine.
I will meet German counterparts about those issues in Berlin this week.
Will the Minister give us more detail on the discussions he and the Foreign Secretary have had with German counterparts on three issues: urgently speeding up and expanding the delivery of weaponry, bolstering our diplomatic coalition and, crucially, using frozen Russian state assets across Europe to pay for urgent needs to support Ukraine?
The hon.
Gentleman asks a characteristically intelligent and pertinent question.
We are working together to increase defence industrial capability.
Some new ideas have come out of the French summit about increasing domestic capability for our Ukrainian friends.
A lot of diplomatic support goes into that.
On  frozen assets, he will have seen recent thinking from the European side about using the interest payments from those funds, which we will consider.
We need to find a reliable legal route, if that is to be sustainable.
What diplomatic steps he is taking to help secure the safety and release of Vladimir Kara-Murza.
The UK has consistently condemned Vladimir Kara-Murza’s politically motivated conviction and called for his release.