HONORING SHERIFF MARIO MAGSBY, SR. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the dedicated service and efforts of the Sheriff of Coahoma County, Mississippi, Mario Magsby, Sr. Sheriff Magsby is a lifelong resident of Coahoma County and a first- generation law enforcement officer. Raised by his parents, Eddie and Frankie Magsby, he learned early the values of hard work, integrity, and dedication to community--principles that have guided him throughout his distinguished career in public service. Sheriff Magsby began his law enforcement journey in February 1998 with the Jonestown Police Department, serving as a Patrol Officer. He completed training at the Mississippi Law Enforcement Officers' Training Academy in November 1998. In May 1999, he was hired by former Sheriff Andrew Thompson, Jr., and over the years served with distinction in multiple capacities, including the Uniform Patrol Division, Criminal Investigation Division, Narcotics Division, Special Response Team, as a Firearms Instructor, and as Chief Deputy. He is a proud graduate of Coahoma Agricultural High School and holds both a Bachelor of Arts in Criminal Justice and a Master of Science in Criminal Justice Research. Sheriff Magsby has consistently demonstrated leadership, professionalism, and a steadfast commitment to the safety and well-being of the citizens of Coahoma County. Sheriff Magsby is a dedicated member of both the Mississippi Sheriffs' Association and the National Sheriffs' Association. Beyond his professional life, he is a devoted husband, father, and grandfather, who enjoys spending time with his family and engaging in outdoor pursuits, such as hunting and fishing. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Sheriff Mario Magsby, Sr. for his exemplary service and leadership over the past year as Sheriff of Coahoma County. We commend his dedication to public safety and his steadfast commitment to justice and community. We wish him continued success in the years ahead, as he selves the people of Coahoma County with honor and integrity.