Friend knows, the CPS prosecutes matters independently of Government, but I would nevertheless be more than happy to meet him to discuss this matter.
What steps she is taking to help ensure the effective prosecution of people who commit stalking.
Just last month, National Stalking Awareness Week served as a sobering reminder of just how crucial it is that perpetrators of stalking are dealt with robustly.
This Government are absolutely determined to protect victims of stalking, which is why we are taking action by extending stalking protection orders so that courts can impose them on conviction and acquittal, giving victims protection when they need it most.
We are also conducting a review of stalking legislation to ensure that it is fit for purpose, and we are empowering the police to release the identities of online stalkers.
I thank the Solicitor General for her answer, which largely anticipated my subsequent question.
I recently met a constituent at a surgery appointment who, alongside her family, has experienced significant psychological trauma as a result of stalking, and who has concerns about the police response.
In the light of what the Solicitor General has said about strengthening stalking protection orders, what more can be done to ensure that the police are briefed and supported to implement them, so that families can live their lives in safety?
The hon.
Member raises an important issue, and I am glad that I largely managed to pre-empt his question with my first answer.
Stalking cases are on the rise.
We are seeing more referrals to the police and, indeed, more convictions.
This Government are taking strong action on stalking, because we recognise the scale of the issue.
We are introducing statutory guidance to empower the police to release the identities of online stalkers, which we recognise is extremely important.
I mentioned that we are extending stalking protection orders, which is clearly important too, and the review of stalking legislation is ongoing to make sure that that body of law is fit for purpose.
My colleagues will update the House on that in due course.
That completes questions.
May I just say to the Serjeant at Arms that I am very concerned that Members who had questions on the Order Paper have not been allowed into the House?
Can we take this up with the police?
They have no right to stop a Member entering this House.
I take it very seriously.
Before we proceed to the business question, I should inform the House that the Government have indicated that there will be a statement this afternoon on US-UK trade.
The timing of that statement has yet to be established, but it will appear on the annunciator once it has been confirmed.
Will the Leader of the House give us the forthcoming business?
The business for the week commencing  12 May  includes:
Monday 12 May —Remaining stages of the Border Security, Asylum and Immigration Bill.
Tuesday 13 May —Opposition day (7th allotted day).
Debate on a motion in the name of the official Opposition, subject to be announced.
Wednesday 14 May —Consideration of Lords message on the Great British Energy Bill, followed by, if necessary, consideration of Lords amendments, followed by motion to approve the Russia (Sanctions) (EU Exit) (Amendment) Regulations 2025.
Thursday 15 May —General debate on solar farms, followed by general debate on long-term funding of youth services.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 16 May —Private Members’ Bills.
The provisional business for the week commencing  19 May  will include:
Monday 19 May —Second Reading of the Mental Health Bill [Lords].
Tuesday 20 May —Second Reading of the Victims and Courts Bill.
Wednesday 21 May —Opposition day (8th allotted day).
Debate on a motion in the name of the official Opposition, subject to be announced.
Thursday 22 May —Business to be determined by the Backbench Business Committee.