The Planning and Infrastructure Bill gives a quango, Natural England, powers to seize private land, not for house building but for undefined environmental reasons.
It can seize not just agricultural land, but our constituents’ gardens, and it does not even have to pay market value for that land.
Will the Secretary of State now commit to an amendment to the Bill to save our constituents’ gardens, or is this Labour’s garden grab?
As is so often the case from that particular source, that is a complete misrepresentation of the truth.
Nothing of the kind is happening.
Rather than trying to politicise and weaponise the matter, the right hon.
Lady would help herself and people who are genuinely concerned about those issues by sticking to the facts.
I must thank the Land Army, too.
I am only here because my grandma met my grandad on his farm when she was working in the Land Army.
Cornwall has a successful horticultural industry, specialising in cauliflowers, daffodils, potatoes and courgettes.
The industry welcomed the extension of the seasonal worker visa scheme until 2029, but what metrics are being used to ensure that visa allocations will meet the industry’s needs?
Without sufficient access to seasonal labour, there is a real risk to Cornwall’s horticultural sector.
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question, and note that even in those times of distress, woe and horror, some good relationships were formed.
The seasonal worker visa scheme for 43,000 seasonal worker visas was announced a few months ago.
That number includes 2,000 extra for poultry.
At the National Farmers Union conference, the Secretary of State announced a five-year extension to 2030.
That will provide certainty, but my hon.
Friend is right that we need to analyse and assess very carefully what the industry needs to ensure it has the resources required.
I call the spokesperson for the Liberal Democrat party.
On behalf of all Members on the Liberal Democrat Benches, I add my tribute to those who fought and died to secure our freedom.
I also pay tribute to those in rural communities, like ours in Westmorland, who fed this country and welcomed evacuee children from the cities, and to our community in Windermere, who welcomed the children who had survived the Nazi death camps after the war.
We remember them all with deep gratitude.
Has the Prime Minister consulted the Secretary of State on the potential impact on British farmers of the US-UK trade deal?
It is a matter of fact that US animal welfare standards are worse than ours, which means that import costs are lower, so allowing equal access is not free trade—it is unfair trade.
It is throwing our farmers under the bus, just as the Conservatives did through their deal with Australia and New Zealand.
Will the Secretary of State support Liberal Democrat calls for the deal to be signed only if it supports farmers, and after a vote in this House?
There have been no announcements yet, and I cannot pre-empt them, but we have been crystal clear that we have red lines.
We will not allow British farmers to be undercut on environmental or welfare standards in the way that the Conservatives did when they agreed a trade deal with Australia; it undercut British farmers and caused them immense damage.
We will never go the way of the Tories; we will stand four-square behind our farmers, and I am delighted to hear that the Liberal Democrats feel the same.
On a similar theme, I congratulate the Government on securing a good deal for our farmers in the India trade deal, which was welcomed by the president of the NFU, who said it showed that this Government have “clearly listened”, in marked contrast to the previous Government.
What assurance will the Secretary of State give me that our farmers will still be included in negotiations on the US trade deal?
I am grateful to my hon.