Will the Secretary of State reassure the House that his water review will seek ways to prevent the costs of water companies’ mismanagement being passed on to their customers?
I am sure that the hon.
Lady will be reassured to hear that the Government have ringfenced money that is earmarked for investment in water infrastructure so that it can no longer be diverted for payments on bonuses and dividends.
If water companies attempt to do anything of the kind, the money will be refunded to their customers through a discount on their bills.
Whether he is taking steps to limit increases to water bills.
I add my voice to all those paying tribute to the greatest generation as we all remember VE Day.
I know that many of us will be travelling back to our constituencies to join in celebrations up and down the country.
It is no wonder that the public are angry about paying the price for Conservative failure.
By allowing water infrastructure to decay on their watch, the previous Conservative Government not only failed to ensure proper regulation of the industry but drove up costs of essential repairs, resulting in increased bills for customers.
While I cannot undo the damage of the past, I can  ensure that it never happens again.
That is why funding for vital infrastructure has been ringfenced by this Government so that it can never be diverted for bonuses or dividends.
Roberto, one of my constituents, has seen his water bill go up by nearly 45% in the last two years, and other constituents have contacted me to say that their bills have nearly doubled in that time.
I am pleased by what the Minister said about holding the previous Government to account for their failure to invest in infrastructure.
What more can the Government do to hold Thames Water to account for its failure to invest in infrastructure, its poor service and these rip-off charges for consumers?
Roberto is right to feel angry about his bill increase, the past performance of water companies and the toothless regulation under the previous Government.
We have already taken action to deliver our manifesto promise to hold water companies to account, ban unfair bonuses and introduce criminal liability with up to two years in prison.
We have also created the water delivery taskforce to ensure that all water companies, including Thames Water, deliver on their promised infrastructure improvements.
The Government will always support those struggling with their water bills.
Indeed, this Labour Government and water companies are more than doubling the social tariff support over the next five years.
What assessment has the Minister made on the cost of water bills from increases to regulation 31 laboratory testing capacity?
I wrote to her in December about that and she replied in January.
I am thankful for her answer, although it was slightly on the complacent side because she said that regulation 31 does not cause a problem to water quality just now.
That is true, but the industry is burning down its assets to chemicals and equipment that have been regulation 31-tested, so a problem is coming.
What assessment has the Minister made of when the solution will be delivered, and what effect will that have on water bills?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his important question.
Everything relating to regulation of water is supported and looked at through the Drinking Water Inspectorate, which carries out an assessment to make sure we have the best water quality in the whole country.
If he requires any further detail, he is welcome to write to me again and I will make sure I find it.
What plans he has for future fishing quotas.
On VE Day, it is important that we remember the huge contribution made by fishermen, fishing communities, farm workers and agricultural workers during the last war to keep the country fed.