We have indeed discussed these issues before and will continue to do so, I am sure.
At the weekend, I spent time on two farms in my constituency—at both I met groups of farmers, including members of the Nature Friendly Farming Network, who told me of their huge frustration at being let down by the Government’s policy on farming and the lack of support.
They recognise how vital farming is, including the transition to nature-friendly farming, for this country’s food security, nature protection and climate action.
Does he agree with the farmers in my constituency about how vital the transition to nature-friendly farming is for those issues, and will he give us a date for when he will introduce such policies—
Order.
We have a lot to get through today—come on.
I am always interested to hear reflections from farmers.
I have spoken to other members of the Nature Friendly Farming Network who are very pleased with the progress being made, but of course we want to  go faster and further.
We have over 50,000 people in the schemes and more money is being spent than ever before.
We must recognise the important progress being made.
What steps his Department is taking to help prevent the spread of avian influenza.
I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman for raising this extremely serious issue.
To prevent the further spread of disease and manage the risk of avian influenza, DEFRA and the Animal and Plant Health Agency have implemented well-established outbreak structures to control and eradicate disease, restore normal trade and support recovery in local communities.
Avian influenza prevention zones are in force across the UK.
To further protect farmers and help communities, we are currently investing £208 million in the future of the biosecurity labs at Weybridge.
Does the Minister agree that avian influenza remains an existential threat to the poultry industry, and—now that the French have decided to vaccinate their ducks—will he agree to the National Farmers Union request that we introduce the vaccination of seasonal turkeys in order to protect the entire industry?
As ever, the right hon.
Gentleman makes a well-informed point.
Vaccination has been considered for some time.
There are trade issues, but as he says, the fact that the French are changing their position is useful.
The Government are committed to exploring options for vaccination, and a cross-Government and industry avian influenza vaccination taskforce has been established.
It published an initial statement on  7 March  and will report more fully this summer.
I call the shadow Minister.
Avian influenza, sadly, is still very much with us, having devastated both wild and domestic birds in recent years.
With bluetongue still here, African swine fever on our doorstep and, alarmingly, foot and mouth outbreaks this year in Germany, Hungary and Slovakia, we face significant threats to our biosecurity.
Disease surveillance, vaccination and control are crucial, centred with the Animal and Plant Health Agency, which I thank in these challenging times.
When will this Government finish the work that we Conservatives started when we committed £1.2 billion in 2020 to redevelop the APHA headquarters in Weybridge?
Labour’s repeatedly re-announced £208 million is a start, but when will it commit the further £1.4 billion for this critical national infrastructure, for the sake of UK agriculture and our national security?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his words and his praise for the APHA.
These are extremely important subjects.
We face a range of threats.
That is why the Government have increased security in terms of personal imports through the short straits in particular.
On his point about Weybridge, we have had this discussion before.
There is a major programme under way, which  will take a number of years.
It is already a world-leading facility, and this Government are committed to providing the funding that Weybridge needs to do its job.
We are absolutely committed to that, which is why we have announced £208 million this year.