Friend  the Member for Greenwich and Woolwich (Matthew Pennycook) , would be delighted to meet her constituents, as he recently did with hundreds of mine, to discuss this Government’s plans for leasehold reform.
In March the complaints commissioner concluded that the Financial Conduct Authority failed to identify risks relating to the owner of the funeral firm Safe Hands Plans, despite receiving information about breaches and other serious risks connected to the company.
As a result, Safe Hands went into administration in 2022, with those who had invested in funeral plans losing thousands of pounds.
Can we therefore have a statement on the role of the Financial Conduct Authority in the collapse of Safe Hands and the need for redress for constituents who have been impacted by this situation?
I thank the hon.
Member for raising Safe Hands, which is an issue for many MPs across the House.
I will ensure that he gets a full update from a Minister and that time is found to discuss some of the issues raised by this case.
On Saturday I will be joining hundreds of people from across Beckenham and Penge at Beckenham Rugby Club for a rugby tournament and beer festival.
It is a fantastic example of how our small businesses support and enhance our local communities, and I would like to thank Matt and his team at the Three Hounds for all their work on this event.
Will the Leader of the House join me in wishing everyone attending a great weekend?
I do love the sporting questions from my hon.
Friend, for which he gets quite a lot of cut-through.
I join him in supporting all those from Beckenham Rugby Club on what sounds like a great day out.
May I welcome the UK-US trade deal and congratulate the Prime Minister on it?
It is very much in the national interest, although the devil is in the detail.
May we have a debate on that trade deal and the concerns of British farmers about chlorinated chicken, hormone-treated beef and antibiotics in pig farming?
Will the Leader of the House assure the House, Shropshire farmers and British farmers that British agriculture is safe with this trade deal?
We can assure the right hon.
Gentleman of that.
There will be a statement to the House later today—these issues are still unfolding—but he is right to praise the Prime Minister and the Secretary of State for Business and Trade for the amazing work that they have done to get us to this point.
He will be aware that the issues of food standards and agriculture have been red lines for the Government in those trade talks, and he will get the details later today.
We are currently facing a chronic staffing crisis in adult social care, which has led to increasing recruitment from overseas.
Migrant workers now make up 16% of the workforce in England.
While many arrive in good faith, they are too often met with extortionate recruitment fees, wage reductions, exploitative working conditions and the ever-present threat of deportation should they raise concerns or lose their jobs.
I have been contacted by a number of constituents who have witnessed a shocking litany of failures, negligence and exploitation of migrant workers at the hands of a private company in my constituency of Stockport.
Many workers have not been paid or have found themselves in overcrowded, substandard housing, and at times without any work at all.
As such, will the Leader of the House allow a debate in Government time on the exploitation of migrant workers?
We totally condemn the exploitation of international care workers by rogue employers in the sector.
We are taking robust action, including by revoking  sponsor licences where that is deemed to be the case.
I will ensure that my hon.
Friend gets an update on his case.