We will increase sentences for dumping waste to up to five years, and we will make fly-tippers pay the cost of impounding their vehicles before they are crushed, because we believe that the polluter, not the public, should pay.
This Government will call time on fly-tippers so we can restore people’s pride in their neighbourhoods.
The River Camel multi-use trail in my North Cornwall constituency attracts more than half a million users every year and brings over £3 million to the local economy.
Will the Minister please meet me to discuss a river trail extension to Camelford as part of this Government’s manifesto pledge to create nine new river walks and connect thousands more people to nature?
I am delighted to hear that people are enjoying the River Camel trail.
It is wonderful to visit and we want to extend more of these walks across the country so that more people can enjoy them.
I will of course make sure that the hon.
Gentleman can meet the appropriate Minister to raise his concerns.
I call Diane Abbott—not here.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
As we mark the 80th anniversary of victory in Europe, I remember the great role that my constituency played, including 617 Squadron, flying from RAF Woodhall Spa; we must also remember and thank those women and men who formed the Land Army in order to feed our troops and our nation.
Many of their descendants still farm the same fields that their ancestors farmed in the war, but that tradition is under threat from this Government.
Before Christmas, I warned the Secretary of State that a farmer had taken their life because they were so worried about the family farm tax.
The Secretary of State responded with anger, and later stopped the farming resilience fund, which helped farmers with mental ill health.
This week, I have received the devastating news that several more farmers have taken their life because of the family farm tax.
That is the Secretary of State’s legacy, but he can change it, because this change is not yet law.
Will he set out these tragedies to the Prime Minister and demand that Labour policy be changed, or offer, on a point of principle, his resignation?
Order.
This is a very important matter, but I am bothered that nobody else is going to get in, so I hope the shadow Secretary of State’s second question is shorter.
I express my regret that the shadow Secretary of State would seek to politicise personal tragedy in this way.
It is immensely regrettable that she would seek to do that; none of us can know for sure what happens in matters of personal tragedy.
It is beneath her to try to weaponise the issue in the way that she has done.
This Government take issues of mental health very seriously indeed.
We are setting up mental health hubs in every community, so that we can support farmers and others who are suffering from mental ill health.
I gently remind her that this was a problem that escalated during her time in office as Secretary of State for Health, when she failed to address the problems that people are facing.
I am sorry, Mr Speaker, but I am simply confronting the Secretary of State with the realities of his policy.
Another policy is distressing farmers and other people: the removal of our ancient property rights, first enshrined in the Magna Carta.
The Planning and Infrastructure Bill gives a quango, Natural England, powers to seize private land, not for house building but for undefined environmental reasons.
It can seize not just agricultural land, but our constituents’ gardens, and it does not even have to pay market value for that land.
Will the Secretary of State now commit to an amendment to the Bill to save our constituents’ gardens, or is this Labour’s garden grab?