I call the shadow Solicitor General.
I wish to add my own tribute to those who bravely fought for our freedom.
Marks & Spencer is a much-loved cornerstone of the Great British high street and an important part of our economy.
Many Members right across this House will  be shocked to learn that over half a billion pounds has been wiped off its value following a serious ransomware attack.
Harrods and the Co-op have also been attacked, and yesterday the Legal Aid Agency was attacked too.
Can the Solicitor General confirm what role the Attorney General’s Office has played in ensuring that the criminal justice system treats such attacks robustly?
How is it overseeing the response of the Crown Prosecution Service and other relevant agencies to economic and cyber-crime more broadly?
The shadow Solicitor General raises an important issue.
We know that this type of crime is on the increase, and it is clearly vital that enforcement agencies and the CPS give it due prominence.
She refers to some extremely well-known and much-loved brands.
It is important that all those agencies play a role in enhancing awareness of this type of crime, such that it can be properly prevented.
The SFO in particular plays a role in raising awareness of online crime so as to protect the public as well as businesses.
I thank the Solicitor General for her response.
Can she confirm what assessment she has made of the economic and legal risks posed by ransomware attacks on large UK businesses?
Can she give an indication of what steps the Government are taking to ensure that companies of national economic importance are better protected and supported in the aftermath of such incidents?
As I said, the shadow Solicitor General raises extremely important issues—issues that the Government are alive to.
This is a cross-Government issue, frankly, and it is important to all those partner enforcement agencies.
I can assure her that work is ongoing and is being done to protect businesses and the public from these kind of attacks.
If the Attorney General will meet the hon.
Member for Swindon North to discuss prosecutions by the Crown Prosecution Service under section 3ZB of the Road Traffic Act 1988.
I am aware of the tragic case to which my hon.
Friend refers, and which he has been campaigning on.
I would like to take the opportunity to extend my deepest condolences to the family of Harry Parker.
Every single death on our roads is completely unacceptable, and increasing the safety of our roads is a priority for this Government.
I thank my hon.
Friend for her response.
Harry Parker was 14 years old when he got run over.
The person who took his life did not have a driving licence or any insurance, and did not stop, yet last November the charges were dropped.
This is partially down to section 3ZB of the Road Traffic Act 1988.
Will my hon.
Friend review section 3ZB and meet me to see how we can close the loopholes?
It is fundamental that our roads are safe for all who use them, and that those who break our road safety laws are brought to justice.
That is   why we are committed to delivering a new road safety strategy, and the next steps will be set out in due course.
The Government keep motoring offences under review, including those for driving unlicensed and uninsured.
As my hon.
Friend knows, the CPS prosecutes matters independently of Government, but I would nevertheless be more than happy to meet him to discuss this matter.
What steps she is taking to help ensure the effective prosecution of people who commit stalking.
Just last month, National Stalking Awareness Week served as a sobering reminder of just how crucial it is that perpetrators of stalking are dealt with robustly.