Through our targeted package of support, that is what we will do.
We completely understand the strength of feeling on this issue, not least because three Ministers in the Department of Health and Social Care are cancer survivors.
We know how terrifying it is to receive a diagnosis.
We have sat in waiting rooms, hoping for good news and fearing the worst—and we have heard the worst.
We have had those difficult conversations with our loved ones and seen the devastating impact on their lives.
That is why we are committed to making a real difference for patients with brain cancer.
We will leave no stone unturned until they get the first-class care that they deserve.
I look forward to further discussing how we can achieve this when I meet members of the all-party parliamentary group on brain tumours next week.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps he is taking to consult the public on reforms to the water sector.
What steps he is taking to consult the public on reforms to the water sector.
I start by acknowledging, on VE Day, the debt that we all owe to that great generation who sacrificed so much for our freedom.
We will remember them and their sacrifice forever.
The Independent Water Commission, led by Sir Jon Cunliffe, will make recommendations to transform our water system and clean up our waterways.
The recommendations will form the basis of further legislation to fix our broken water system.
A public call for evidence that ran for eight weeks and closed on  23 April  received a very high number of responses.
Those will be shared in detail when the commission publishes its recommendations.
Sir Jon and the commission have held more than 130 meetings, including with regulators, environmental groups, campaigners, investors, water companies and consumer bodies.
Engagement will continue ahead of the commission’s recommendations to the Government in a few weeks.
I echo the Secretary of State’s initial comments.
South Shields has a long-standing problem with sewage being dumped in the sea at Whitburn.
Just this week, Little Haven beach was handed a brown flag, and myself and local campaigners are completely fed up.
The Environment Agency, Ofwat, Northumbrian Water, the council and the last Government all completely ignored our concerns.
We have already requested a meeting with the Water Minister, and I hope she will confirm today that the meeting will happen very soon.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on her tireless work to represent the concerns of people in South Shields about those terrible problems with water pollution.
Of course, my hon.
Friend voted for the  Water (Special Measures) Act 2025, which has given the regulator many more powers, including the power to ban undeserved multimillion-pound bonuses.
I am sure she will be interested to read, as will I, the findings from the Independent Water Commission led by Sir Jon Cunliffe when they come forward in a few weeks’ time.
As we act to protect our rivers and waterways from pollution, regulation will be important.
The Environment Agency’s resources were decimated under the Conservatives.
How will the 2025 Act give the Environment Agency the powers it needs to hold polluting companies to account?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The previous Government cut resources for regulation in half, and that is one of the ways water companies were able to get away with so much pollution.
We have changed the law to allow regulators to recover prosecution costs so that they can carry out further prosecutions and stop those who have been polluting our waterways.
Can I make an appeal to the Secretary of State, and indeed his whole Front Bench, not to make farmers a scapegoat in any water reforms?
Clearly, where farming and farmers are involved in bad practice, they should be penalised, but social industrialists, other employers, and indeed those in the public sector, might also pollute rivers.