We are investing a record £2.65 billion in a thousand projects to better protect 52,000 properties by March 2026.
Following the recent storm season, serious flooding damaged the foundations of Radyr cricket club and exposed electrical cables, which forced the club to close and cancel practice until the site was made safe.
The club is also situated next to important electricity infrastructure, which means up to 930 customers could be put at risk of disruption.
I have been working with Councillor Helen Lloyd Jones to try and find a way forward between National Grid and Natural Resources Wales to establish who will take responsibility for securing the river bank and the electricity infrastructure.
Unfortunately, we are at an impasse, and my constituents continue to be vulnerable to further flooding.
Will the Minister meet me to establish what the UK Government can do to try and help break that impasse before the next storm season hits?
I am sure they have got a meeting already.
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this important issue, and I am sorry to hear about the issues his constituents are facing with flooding—I know at first hand how disruptive and awful flooding can be.
As I am sure he knows, flooding is a devolved matter in Wales, but I would of course be happy to work with him and to facilitate the meeting that he requested.
Next month, a planning application for a biodigester near Haverhill and Withersfield in West Suffolk will be decided.
It is the wrong location for many reasons, not least the risk of flooding as the proposed site is on flood risk zone 3 land.
What are the Government doing to prevent development on land susceptible to flooding?
The hon.
Gentleman raises an important point.
Of course, the national planning policy framework is clear that where development in areas at risk of flooding is necessary, local planning authorities and developers should ensure that the development is appropriately flood resilient and resistant, safe for the development’s lifetime and, importantly, will not increase flood risk elsewhere.
We are also looking at other measures, such as sustainable urban drainage systems, to be included in planning as well.
I call the shadow Minister.
On the 80th anniversary of VE Day, I thank those who fought for our and Europe’s freedom and, indeed, those who worked our land and kept our nation fed.
Our peatlands store 26 times more carbon than forests.
They improve water quality and protect communities up and down the UK from flooding.
The Nature Minister rightly called peatlands our “country’s Amazon rainforest” and launched a consultation to protect them.
She is right, because once they have been destroyed, they can never be replaced.
At the very same time, the Energy Secretary plans to rip up 2,000 hectares of protected peatland on historic land in West Yorkshire for a vast wind farm development, opening up communities to flooding and destroying the peatlands that Labour says it wants to protect.
How can the Government claim to be protecting our irreplaceable peatlands when the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero is actively considering destroying one of our most environmentally important landscapes in the country?
I pay tribute to the hon.
Member’s ability to weave a question for the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero into a question on flooding.
He will have heard from the Nature Minister how important peatlands are and how essential they are for this country and heard our commitment to protecting them.
What steps he is taking to help prevent foot and mouth disease entering Northern Ireland.
We have discussed this serious issue in the Chamber before, and I know how seriously Members on both sides of the House take it.
The Government make it an absolute priority to protect farmers from the dangers of this awful threat.