On  Thursday 22 May  there will be a debate on access to NHS dentistry, followed by a debate on dementia care.
In Westminster Hall, on  13 May , there will be a debate on the impact of churches and religious buildings on communities.
On  Thursday 15 May  there will be a debate on funding for Gavi, the Vaccine Alliance and the Global Fund, followed by a debate on World Asthma Day.
On  20 May  there will be a debate on pensions for people living overseas, and on  Thursday 22 May  there will be a three-hour debate on the EU-UK summit.
Yesterday, the renowned charity, StandWithUs, published a report on antisemitism on university campuses.
Dozens of students have given their testimony to the failure of universities to protect them and their rights.
They have come out with a series of recommendations, including sanctions against universities that failed to protect students and an independent inquiry to get to the bottom of why universities are not protecting students.
Can we have a statement next week from the relevant Minister on what is going to happen to make sure that Jewish students are protected on our campuses?
I thank the Chair of the Backbench Business Committee for announcing the forthcoming Backbench Business.
I thank him, too, for all his work.
He raises an important report that is out this week.
This Government stand firm on antisemitism.
We need to root it out on all our university campuses, and wherever it exists in our society.
I will ensure that he gets a full update from the relevant Minister.
As the chair of  the medicinal cannabis under prescription all-party parliamentary group, I have worked closely with Hannah Deacon, the mother of Alfie Dingley, over the past eight years.
This woman has changed the law, but, sadly, she lost her fight with cancer the day before yesterday.
Will the Leader of the House pay tribute to her and send condolences to her family, as the work that she has done has changed the lives of so many young children living with epilepsy?
Will she join me and Hannah’s friends who are here in the House today?
This woman was incredible, and I just wanted everybody across this House who has had the opportunity to work with her to know that, and to stand in solidarity and send their love to the family—to Drew, Alfie and little Anni.
I am sure the whole House will join me in sending all the love and best wishes to my hon.
Friend and to her dear friend, Hannah Deacon, and her friends who are here in the Public Gallery today.
I remember my hon.
Friend mentioning and raising this campaign many times on her behalf.
I can truly say that Hannah has changed the lives of many and she has changed policy.
Her life will be long remembered by many, many others and we all pay great tribute to her today.
Many members of the grooming and rape gangs that systematically abused white working class girls have never faced justice, and neither have the councillors, officials and police officers suspected of collusion and cover-up.
Can we have a debate on the need for a national inquiry into these disgusting crimes?
Will the Leader of the House tell us please who exactly it is she believes is using these horrors as a “dog whistle”?
Everybody up and down this country is horrified about the crimes that have been committed over many, many years by despicable grooming gangs.
That is why we are, first and foremost, implementing the very many recommendations from the recent inquiries, most of which sat on the shelf until the general election last year.
Those recommendations include mandatory reporting of child sexual abuse, which is something I have campaigned on for many years, as have the Prime Minister, the Home Secretary and the Minister for Safeguarding, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Birmingham Yardley (Jess Phillips) .