We have changed the law to allow regulators to recover prosecution costs so that they can carry out further prosecutions and stop those who have been polluting our waterways.
Can I make an appeal to the Secretary of State, and indeed his whole Front Bench, not to make farmers a scapegoat in any water reforms?
Clearly, where farming and farmers are involved in bad practice, they should be penalised, but social industrialists, other employers, and indeed those in the public sector, might also pollute rivers.
Water is a critical part of the food supply chain and agriculture.
Farmers look after the environment on all our behalf—in the right way most of the time.
My appeal to the Secretary of State is to please get the National Farmers’ Union and farmers involved and not let them become scapegoats.
I of course agree with the right hon.
Member.
We are supporting farmers, many of whom were affected by very severe flooding recently, with the farming recovery fund.
I am engaging constantly, and will be again today, with the National Farmers’ Union about those issues and many others.
By 2050 we will need more than 4,000 additional megalitres of water a day, with rising temperatures resulting in a fivefold increase in drought risk.
That is concerning news for farmers in Glastonbury and Somerton, given the necessity of water for livestock and crops.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking to consult farmers about reforms to the water sector, and does he know how important water is to food production?
We recognise the importance of that point.
The hon.
Lady will be aware that, at the close of the price review process, we secured £104 billion of investment now and over the next five years to improve water infrastructure and ensure that we get water to where it needs to be.
We have also increased flooding funding so that we can take the water away from where it should not be.
All of that will support food production as well as many other sectors of the economy.
What discussions he has had with the Scottish Government on best practice on monitoring sewage overflows.
Officials and I continue to maintain regular engagement with the Scottish Government on many issues.
While sewage overflow monitoring is a devolved matter for Scotland, we continue to share best practice wherever appropriate.
The SNP Government should follow this Government’s lead and introduce robust legislation to clean up their waterways.
The beautiful beaches of my constituency are marred by sewage-related debris.
In Scotland, under the SNP, we do not even properly monitor sewage overflows.
Meanwhile, in England, the Labour Government are making great strides to improve water quality—how I wish we had that in Scotland.
Will the Secretary of State commit to working as constructively as possible with his counterparts in the Scottish Government so that they can learn from here how we can improve water quality in Scotland?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for highlighting the pollution and sewage on beaches that so concern his constituents.
It is deeply disappointing that the SNP Government in Edinburgh are not following the UK Government’s lead in tackling sewage pollution.
I agree with my hon.
Friend that his constituents, like mine, and everyone else in Scotland and right across the UK deserve to enjoy sewage-free lakes, rivers and beaches.
Sadly, that does not seem to be what they are getting from the SNP.
My constituents in Bognor Regis and Littlehampton have been subjected to an enormous increase in their water bills.
Will the Secretary of State reassure the House that his water review will seek ways to prevent the costs of water companies’ mismanagement being passed on to their customers?
I am sure that the hon.
Lady will be reassured to hear that the Government have ringfenced money that is earmarked for investment in water infrastructure so that it can no longer be diverted for payments on bonuses and dividends.