Mr Speaker, I ask that you now suspend the sitting so that we may attend at Westminster Abbey to give thanks and to commemorate the 80th anniversary of VE Day—the greatest victory in the history of our great nation.
We will now follow in the footsteps of our predecessors 80 years ago.
On  8 May 1945 , hon.
Members formed a procession out of the House of Lords, where they had secretly relocated because the House of Commons Chamber had been destroyed during the blitz.
Today, we shall again follow the Mace, but this time from our own Chamber, through the bomb-scarred Churchill Arch, which stands as a permanent reminder of the fortitude of those who stood firm through the war.
Sitting suspended.
Select Committee Statement
We now come to the Select Committee Statement on behalf of the Environmental Audit Committee.
Mr Toby Perkins will speak for up to 10 minutes, during which no interventions may be taken.
At the conclusion of his statement, I will call Members to ask questions on the subject of the statement; these should be brief questions, not speeches.
Questions should be directed to the Select Committee Chair, and not the relevant Government Minister, and Front Benchers may take part in questioning.
I am pleased to present the Environmental Audit Committee’s report on the role of natural capital in the green economy.
This report was initiated by my predecessor as Chair, the right honourable Philip Dunne, the former Member of Parliament for Ludlow.
I wish to pay great tribute to him for his excellent contribution as Chair.
Mr Dunne enjoyed what I suspect is an unusual distinction of having both asked questions and answered them in the witness sessions that led to this report.
Having originally initiated the report in January 2024 and then seen Parliament dissolve before the report could be published, he was kind enough to return as a witness in December 2024 to brief the successor Committee on the evidence that his Committee had heard and to provide his own insights.
I wish to take this opportunity to place on record my gratitude and, I know, the gratitude of members of the Committee past and present to our former Clerk, Martyn Atkins, who recently left the service of the Committee for a period of absence after many years of service to the House.
Martyn has played a huge role in the work of this Select Committee and many others and will be very much missed, as will Chloe Jago, who recently stood down as press officer on the Committee after five years of excellent service to take up a role closer to home.
I thank all those who have contributed to this report, the many people and organisations who submitted written and oral evidence, the Committee staff—particularly Alex Farnsworth, who has worked tirelessly to complete the report—and the members of the current and predecessor Environmental Audit Committee.
Let me turn to the report itself.
We were delighted to see that recommendation No.
1—that the Government should produce an impact assessment of the Planning and Infrastructure Bill—was satisfied within a day of our report being published.
At this pace, we really could get somewhere.
However, we still need to learn more about how the nature restoration fund will interact with biodiversity net gain.
I am glad to see that the Minister is here to expand on that in his response.
The Dasgupta review made clear the value of nature.
Nature and the services that it provides underpin both our economy and our way of life.
In 2022, the Office for National Statistics found that the UK ecosystem’s services were equivalent to 3.5% of GDP, or £1.8 trillion.
The UK has experienced significant biodiversity loss in recent  decades, with the “State of Nature” report 2023 showing an average of 19% species abundance decline across more than 750 species between 1970 and 2021.