There is a major programme under way, which  will take a number of years.
It is already a world-leading facility, and this Government are committed to providing the funding that Weybridge needs to do its job.
We are absolutely committed to that, which is why we have announced £208 million this year.
If he will publish updated climate resilience plans.
The Government are committed to strengthening the nation’s resilience to climate change.
We are developing stronger climate adaptation objectives and improving the framework for action.
With the effects of climate change already being felt, the Institution of Civil Engineers and others have urged the Government to prioritise infrastructure resilience.
Following the Court ruling on the third national adaptation programme, the Government pledged to strengthen the approach, but the Climate Change Committee called this “ineffective”.
When will the Department publish its updated plans, and how will it strengthen them?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his important question.
Of course, we welcome the Climate Change Committee’s assessment.
The Government recognise the need to go further and faster to prepare for the impacts of a warmer world.
For example, we are already taking active steps to include climate adaptation in our flood programme.
For the first time, the Environment Agency’s flood risk modelling integrates potential impacts of climate change on flood and coastal erosion risk.
The investment of £2.65 billion into maintaining flood defences will help to better protect 52,000 properties by March 2026.
What steps he is taking to tackle fly-tipping.
Under the previous Government, fly-tipping skyrocketed by 20%, leaving communities buried under an avalanche of rubbish.
This Government are clearing up their mess, tackling the waste cowboys, closing the loopholes that allowed waste crime to flourish and cleaning up Britain.
We will hunt down the fly-tippers with the latest technology, including drones and mobile CCTV, introduce new powers to seize and crush vehicles and increase prison sentences to up to five years for those transporting waste illegally.
I thank the Minister for that answer.
I recently had the pleasure of meeting with the West Lothian Litter Pickers, who are doing so much in my Livingston constituency to reduce the causes and symptoms of fly-tipping and littering, but it is scandalous that their work is needed.
In Scotland, the latest figures show that only 1.2% of fly-tipping incidents have resulted in a fixed penalty notice and a mere 0.2% in a criminal prosecution.
Does the Minister agree that, in sharp  contrast with this UK Labour Government, who are taking a zero-tolerance approach and cracking down on fly-tipping, the Scottish Government’s record in this area is, quite frankly, rubbish?
I am sorry to hear that the SNP Government are not taking firm action, but perhaps where we have led the way, they would like to follow.
I congratulate West Lothian Litter Pickers and pay tribute to Keep Britain Tidy, whose Great British spring clean, backed by the Daily Mirror, helped to tackle the 30 million tonnes of litter discarded on our streets each year, including 5 billion cigarette butts.
Each cigarette butt can poison 1,000 litres of water.
If we are serious about marine litter, we have to pick up our butts—and perhaps a little less talk and a little more action from the SNP.
I recently met with the Philpot family at the diverse and successful Barleylands farm in my constituency.
Fly-tipping is a major concern for them and other local farmers, and they are working together to address it.
They told me that, although fly-tipping is a major issue, it is not the existential threat that the tax increases this Labour Government are imposing on them are, with the national insurance tax increases and the massive rises in agricultural property relief and business property relief.
They are right, are they not?
I congratulate the right hon.
Gentleman on weaving in a farms question on fly-tipping, but he is right—[Interruption.]
Calm down.