We are taking robust action, including by revoking  sponsor licences where that is deemed to be the case.
I will ensure that my hon.
Friend gets an update on his case.
I was concerned to read reports in the newspaper earlier this week that train stations will not be allowed to have step-free access if they have fewer than 1,000 passengers a day or are within 30 miles of a station with step-free access.
People in rural areas will not be able to use the train if there is no alternative public transport and they cannot access a car.
Will the Leader of the House commit to a debate in Government time so that we can talk about the importance of people in rural areas being able to access public transport and, in particular, stations such as Whitchurch in my constituency, where there is no step-free access to the southbound platform?
The issue of step-free access at stations is always raised with me at business questions.
I assure the hon.
Member that the Government are committed to the Access for All programme, and the Rail Minister is reviewing what we can do to support it better.
I will ensure that the House is updated on that.
The Government have today announced best value updates for five local authorities, including Warrington borough council.
The findings for Warrington have highlighted a number of serious conclusions that must be addressed.
However, we should also recognise the pressures that local authorities faced under the last Government, with significant reductions to funding and increased demands on their services.
Warrington council must now go further and faster to improve, restore trust and deliver best value for my constituents.
Will the Leader of the House make time to debate the important topic of local government finance and the actions that the Government are taking to support local authorities?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising issues in Warrington.
She is right that the Government have given record levels of funding to local government—£69 billion this year, I think—and are committed to restoring services and local government in places such as her constituency.
Baby Jack was just 16 months old when, on Boxing day 2022, he passed away from sudden unexplained death in childhood, which was incredibly heartbreaking.
It is something that unfortunately we just do not know enough about.
I want to commend Jack’s parents, Cheryl and Darren from Silsden, whom I have met.
They have been fund- raising on this issue ever since that fateful day.
This weekend they will be taking on their biggest challenge: cycling from Leeds to Liverpool along the canal.
I hope that hon.
Members across the House, including the Leader of the House, will join me in sending our thoughts to Cheryl and Darren and their eldest son Louis on their fortitude and determination, and wish them the very best of luck in their cycling challenge this weekend.
I look forward to seeing them coming through Chorley.
I am sure the whole House will join me in sending the very best to Cheryl and Darren with their fundraising activities this weekend.
I am really sorry to hear about the sudden death of Baby Jack—what an awful thing for any parent to go through.
That they have been able to turn that into fundraising and campaigning is truly commendable.
I look forward to them hopefully passing through Manchester on their way from Leeds to Liverpool.
That is a funny route for the canal.
Mr Speaker, I ask that you now suspend the sitting so that we may attend at Westminster Abbey to give thanks and to commemorate the 80th anniversary of VE Day—the greatest victory in the history of our great nation.
We will now follow in the footsteps of our predecessors 80 years ago.
On  8 May 1945 , hon.