There is one other issue that I think we should highlight.
The Leader of the House has received universal condemnation for dismissing concerns about grooming gangs as “dog-whistle politics”.
In response, she put out a tweet that conspicuously did not contain an apology for what she had said.
The Secretary of State for Health said that her remarks were “indefensible”, but the truth is that she has talked in the same way about grooming gangs from the Dispatch Box, when she accused people of jumping on bandwagons on  9 January  this year in business questions.
I hope we can agree now that this is an extremely serious national issue and that no one, whether or not they hold public office, should be deflecting or denying its seriousness.
I hope that in her response now, the Leader of the House will put aside party politics, avoid criticising others and speak from the heart.
So I ask her: has she now watched the Channel 4 documentary, and if so, how does she feel about it?
Does she agree that the dismissal of these entirely valid concerns has been one of the factors behind what even today remains a huge continuing national scandal.
Will she now back the call of many victims for a comprehensive national inquiry into grooming gangs.
Finally, would she like to take this opportunity to speak directly to the hundreds of vulnerable women involved, and say sorry?
Mr Speaker, further to your statement, talks on the US trade deal developments continue at pace.
With your permission, the House will be updated later today.
I will come on to VE Day shortly, but may I first address the remarks of  the right hon.
Member for Hereford and South Herefordshire (Jesse Norman) ?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for raising what I said on an episode of “Any Questions” last week, so that I can be absolutely clear with the House today, and especially to the victims and survivors of child sexual abuse and grooming gangs, that I am very sorry for those remarks, as I made clear over the weekend.
I, and every member of this Government, want your truth to be heard, wherever that truth leads.
Your truly appalling experiences need to be acted on, for those responsible to be accountable and face the full force of the law, and for justice to be served.
I would never want to leave the impression that these very serious, profound and far-reaching issues, which I have campaigned on for many years, should be shied away from and not aired—far from it.
No stone will be left unturned.
What the victims want, first and foremost, is for action to be taken and for the many, many recommendations from previous inquiries to be implemented in full, including mandatory reporting of child sexual abuse, for which I have called for nearly a decade.
Shockingly, those recommendations remained sitting on the shelf until we came into government last year.
Baroness Louise Casey, who conducted the no-holds-barred inquiry into Rotherham, is carrying out an audit on the scale, nature and characteristics of grooming gangs.
She will be reporting soon.
It will include the questions on ethnicity.
Every police force in England and Wales has been asked to look again at historic grooming gangs cases.
They will be reopened, where appropriate, to get the perpetrators behind bars.
I hope the House is left in no doubt about my commitment to these issues and my apology to those victims for any distress I have caused them.
I was surprised to hear the shadow Leader of the House try to claim some success in the local elections for his party.
I am not quite sure that that is what those on the Conservative Benches are feeling.
Let me address the issue of our need to move to being a clean energy superpower.
I am afraid that yet again at the Dispatch Box the right hon.