Wednesday 21 May —Opposition day (8th allotted day).
Debate on a motion in the name of the official Opposition, subject to be announced.
Thursday 22 May —Business to be determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
The House will rise for the Whitsun recess at the conclusion of business on  Thursday 22 May  and return on  Monday 2 June .
This is of course the 80th anniversary of VE Day, when all Britain rejoiced at the defeat of fascism and the end of the war in Europe.
I am sure I speak for the whole House in putting on record once again our profound thanks and our celebration of the immortal memory of that extraordinary generation who—through their courage, their selflessness and their sense of duty—made victory in Europe possible.
Let us all pray that we can be worthy of their memory.
If I may turn back from the sublime sweep of history to the mundane business of our politics, the Government have made valiant efforts to crowd the airwaves on trade this week, but the unfortunate truth is that they have had another dire week in office.
The financial facts of life have not changed: growth is stagnant, as a nation we have to raise defence spending rapidly and the Government have made themselves a prisoner of their fiscal rules.
Before the Leader of the House starts in on the local election results, may I remind her that, for all the horrors of last week, the Opposition still ended up with three times as many council seats as the Government?
Let us look at those cost pressures a bit more closely.
Just eight months after a 22.3% increase in pay for junior doctors—an increase described at the time by the British Medical Association as
“a good enough first step”,
the House will recall—the BMA has now announced it will ballot its members to strike for more pay.
Meanwhile, the somewhat unlikely pairing of Tony Blair and Gary Smith, the general secretary of the GMB trade union, have both denounced the Government’s decision to ban offshore licences in the North sea.
Blair described it as an “irrational” policy “doomed to fail”, the backlash to which threatened to “derail the whole agenda”.
He said it was caused by Ministers afraid of being cast as “climate deniers”.
He is not talking about the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero, of course; he is talking about all the Ministers and MPs on the Government Benches who know better, but are too frit to say so.
Gary Smith said that “climate fundamentalism”—that is the Secretary of State for Energy—would
“accelerate the decline of domestic oil and gas production and increase our dependency on gas imports”,
directly contrary to the Government’s supposed growth strategy.
As he pointed out:
“Across society, bill-payers will question why they are subsidising a domestic clean power sprint that is offshoring UK jobs and value.”
Only today, we have had the news that Ørsted is mothballing its giant new offshore wind farm, as it has made it clear it is holding out for even greater subsidies, knowing that the Secretary of State has no choice, and has in effect said that he has no choice, if he wants to hit his targets.
We all want a just and rapid energy transition, but does the Leader of the House not think that the words of Tony Blair and Gary Smith are simple common sense?
There is one other issue that I think we should highlight.
The Leader of the House has received universal condemnation for dismissing concerns about grooming gangs as “dog-whistle politics”.
In response, she put out a tweet that conspicuously did not contain an apology for what she had said.