If he requires any further detail, he is welcome to write to me again and I will make sure I find it.
What plans he has for future fishing quotas.
On VE Day, it is important that we remember the huge contribution made by fishermen, fishing communities, farm workers and agricultural workers during the last war to keep the country fed.
Later today, I shall unveil a plaque to the members of the Women’s Land Army, one of whom was my aunt, Jean Mead.
They made a fantastic contribution during that period.
We negotiate a range of fishing quotas, and any future quotas will be agreed only if that is in the national interest.
I am pleased that we are engaging closely with industry, trialling new methods to shape future allocations that will both protect stocks and support communities.
A recent poll by the Scottish Fishermen’s Federation showed that 87% of Scots believe the UK should control access to our fishing waters.
Two-thirds of seafood landed in the UK comes into Scotland and it is vital to our economy and to many of our coastal communities.
Will the Minister show the House and rural and fishing communities across the country that the Prime Minister will not negotiate away any control of our waters during his EU reset later this month?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her important question, and I recognise the importance of the Scottish fishing fleet and its contribution.
She will have to wait a little longer to hear the full details of the outcomes of any negotiations, but I have to remind her that the sense of betrayal across fishing communities came under her Government’s watch.
What recent progress he has made on the Surrey hills national landscape—area of outstanding natural beauty—boundary variation project.
On this 80th anniversary of VE Day, I pay tribute to the city of Coventry, which suffered so grievously in the blitz.
The commemoration was marked at the old and new cathedrals with the lighting of the torch for peace, a brilliant initiative from the Commonwealth War Graves Commission to mark the contribution of my city to the war effort.
Natural England’s work to consider the Surrey hills national landscape boundary variation has reached the conclusion of the second statutory consultation phase.
The responses received will be completed shortly and the analysis of those and the results will be published in early summer.
On VE Day, I remember the role of Dunsfold aerodrome in my constituency, which played a vital role in the battle of Britain.
I thank the Minister for her response.
She knows that the proposed expansion of the Surrey hills national landscape will have a huge impact by improving biodiversity and natural protection in villages such as Dunsfold, Tongham, Bramley, Wonersh and Shamley Green in my constituency.
Before she makes the final decision on whether to go ahead, will she spare the time to meet me so I can explain to her just how important the expansion is to my constituents?
I am always happy to meet the right hon.
Gentleman.
This and the Yorkshire wolds are under active consideration, as I am sure he is aware.
There is a legal process to be followed ahead of that, but I know his constituency and will be very happy to meet to discuss the matter further.
What steps he has taken to help protect communities vulnerable to flooding.
After 14 years, the Conservatives left our flood defences in the worst condition on record.
We are investing a record £2.65 billion in a thousand projects to better protect 52,000 properties by March 2026.
Following the recent storm season, serious flooding damaged the foundations of Radyr cricket club and exposed electrical cables, which forced the club to close and cancel practice until the site was made safe.
The club is also situated next to important electricity infrastructure, which means up to 930 customers could be put at risk of disruption.