Lady will know that the company brought into question whether that coal was the right grade for blast furnace supplies.
I remember several debates in this place about that.
I should also make it clear—I think hon.
Members understand this—that we are talking about two blast furnaces that date from the 1930s and 1950s.
We must also be looking to the future, to new technology and new investments.
Crucially, having the dedicated resources that this Government have put into steel is why we have the chance to look to the future with optimism.
The UK steel industry is an outlier, in the sense that it is a much smaller proportion of our overall economy than in any major comparable economy, so of course there is potential, and we should look to the future.
I would be more than willing to work with the hon.
Lady as a local MP to do so.
rose—
I will give way one last time.
I thank the Secretary of State for giving way.
Once he has the powers in this Bill, I urge him to use them decisively and swiftly, but then, as he has said, we need to look to the future.
Once we have secured Scunthorpe’s future, we need to discuss what happens next, which is clean energy, and investing in the global clean energy that the UK really could succeed in.
Does he agree that the people of Scunthorpe have upheld their end of the bargain for decades, and now it is time that we in this House make sure we uphold our end too?
The hon.
Member puts it extremely well, if I may say so.
The people who have upheld steel as the backbone of construction in the UK for decades deserve better treatment than they would have had if Parliament had not been recalled today to take this action, and we should all bear that in mind.
Whether it is at Port Talbot, via our upcoming steel strategy, via our work to improve public procurement, or in the introduction of our industrial strategy to tackle the most thorny issues of industrial competitiveness, where others have shied away, this Government have stepped up.
Let me conclude by saying that steel is fundamental to Britain’s industrial strength, our security and our identity as a primary global power.
Today’s legislation will help ensure that we can retain that steelmaking capability here in the UK both now and for years to come.
For British workers’ security, for British industries’ future and—without hesitation—in our national interest, and for the workers of British Steel and their families, this action is essential, and I commend this Bill to the House.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
I thank the Secretary of State for taking the time to brief me last night ahead of today’s sitting, and for advance sight of his speech.
To fail to prepare is to prepare to fail.
What a way to proceed: recalling Parliament for only the sixth occasion since the end of the second world war to debate a Bill published only 90 minutes ago.
This would be conduct unbecoming of a parish council.
Our country, our economy and this Parliament all deserve better.
That is why the amendment in my name would at least put a sunset on the Bill, and I hope the Government will accept it.
Today is not a failure by the steelworkers of Scunthorpe and elsewhere, their families or the community.
They have toiled for generations to ensure that we have the primary steel we need for our structures, our safety and our security.
This is a failure on the Government’s watch.
Let us be crystal clear what today means: we are entering a tunnel with only one exit.
This is a botched nationalisation plan, revealing that the Government have no plan.