We Liberal Democrats welcome the sense of seriousness and urgency shown by the Government  in recalling Parliament.
We must work together to rescue our steel sector and the tens of thousands of jobs that directly and indirectly rely on it.
But under the terms of the Bill, the Secretary of State is giving himself huge and unconstrained powers that could set a very dangerous precedent.
I urge him to make a commitment, in the strongest possible terms, to repeal the powers that he is giving himself as soon as possible—within six months at the latest—and to come back to this House for another vote to extend those powers if they are still required after that.
As I tried to articulate in my opening speech on Second Reading, I understand the gravity of the situation, which gives puts some context to the demands for further powers to be included in the Bill.
The limitation, as wide as it is, is the right measure, and I can give the hon.
Member my absolute assurance that I shall seek to do exactly as she says.
I am incredibly grateful to the Secretary of State for giving that assurance, which is important in the context of what the powers in the Bill actually are.
Clause 3(4)(a) gives the Secretary of State the power to break into anywhere to seize assets.
Clause 3(4)(c) gives the Secretary of State the power to take whatever steps he considers appropriate—not what a court or a reasonable person might consider to be appropriate—to seize or secure assets.
Clause 4(3), on offences, makes it a crime for anyone not to follow the instructions of the Secretary of State, or to refuse to assist the Secretary of State in taking those steps without a “reasonable excuse”.
However, a “reasonable excuse” is not defined in the Bill, no examples are given, and, quite frankly, it is hard to work out what defence of a “reasonable excuse” might be accepted given that, under clause 3(4)(c), it is whatever the Secretary of State himself considers to be okay.
Clause 6(1), on indemnities appears to give the Secretary of State and potentially any other person who is with him—a police officer, a civil servant, or a Border Force official—immunity from prosecution for using any of these wide-ranging powers.
These powers are unprecedented and they are unconstrained.
I am grateful to the Secretary of State for saying that that is precisely why he intends to repeal them as soon as possible.
More broadly, the Government must now also bring forward plans to guarantee the future of this vital sector.
We know the steel industry is surrounded by crippling uncertainty.
After decades of underinvestment and shocking indifference to our sovereign economic security, the previous Conservative Government have left our sovereign national capacity on steel diminished and endangered.
Yet there is no chance that UK demand for steel will disappear.
How absurd and irresponsible is it that we have a sustainable and enduring long-term market for British steel, but that our supply could keel over in a matter of days because of the failures of the failed Conservative party?
So looking ahead, let us remember that saving Scunthorpe is necessary, but not sufficient on its own.
There have been significant discussions about the future ownership structure of this company.
Given the precarious fiscal position in which the Government find themselves, it is important that all options on ownership are put on   the table, so that this House can take an informed decision about what they mean for the public finances.
I hope the Government will make a commitment that, in the coming weeks, they will bring forward a report that sets out options for future ownership of the plant.
Looking ahead, many big questions remain unanswered.
Will the Government immediately designate UK-made steel a nationally strategic asset?