The problem, as we all know, is that it has been beset by short-termism and short-term thinking, as well as by the vast electricity costs in this country, partly caused by net stupid zero and the carbon tariff.
There is now a great opportunity for the House to unify.
As the Secretary of State confirmed, we have the opportunity to take British Steel into public ownership—this weekend, we would urge, for the sum of £1.
We could do a great deal for the taxpayer.
We should invest in refurbishing and relining these blast furnaces, in the same way that the French are doing in Dunkirk.
They are spending a quarter of a billion euros in Dunkirk, and we should do the same.
We should bring in excellent global expertise to help British Steel.
There will be opportunities if we do those things and have long-term procurement contracts for raw materials, including the opportunity to use British coal from Cumbria.
That is an opportunity that the Government declined, but it would create more jobs and save on transport costs.
There is also the opportunity for long-term procurement contracts for British Steel products.
Those are opportunities to make British Steel a long-term, viable business for the taxpayer.
We can bring in long-term patient capital.
If we do those things, we can get everything that we want.
Primary steelmaking is a vital strategic asset, and Scunthorpe can be its epicentre.
We will support the Government’s Bill today, but there is an opportunity to go further, to be bold and to be courageous.
The Secretary of State should show his cajones and show some mettle.
This weekend, he and the Government have the opportunity to remove the uncertainty for 3,000 families in Scunthorpe.
Let us go for it.
Let us nationalise British Steel this weekend and make British steel great again.
Today I represent not only my constituents in Neath and Swansea East, but those of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Aberafan Maesteg (Stephen Kinnock) .
After years of under-investment and neglect by the previous Government, this Government’s commitment to steel is truly welcome.
However, it is vital that the £2.5 million steel renewal fund already announced by the Government is used to support the industry across the UK, and Wales needs to get its fair share.
Some 2,800 steelworkers lost their jobs in the region, but they recognise that the circumstances in Port Talbot were different from those in Scunthorpe.
In Port Talbot, half the steel production had already been shut down when the Labour Government came into power, despite Plaid Cymru’s desperate attempts to electioneer this as an issue.
It was impossible to reverse the deal that had already been struck between the previous Tory Government and Tata.
Although steelworkers understand the urgency of the current situation and support the Government’s action to prevent further closures and job losses, they need commitments for Wales that will attract investment and create much-needed employment opportunities, like those being offered by the floating offshore wind industry.
It was too late to save the furnaces in Port Talbot and the jobs are long gone, but investment in the area will bring new jobs—and, most importantly, new hope to all our constituents.
You  will not need reminding, Mr Deputy Speaker, but I will remind the House of quite how unusual a day this is, for  a variety of reasons.
The last time we met on a Saturday was at a time of war, and the last time we put a Bill through in one day was at the beginning of the pandemic.
That is how serious the disastrous circumstances in which we find ourselves are.
I assume that this House will accept the Bill, so I will address my comments directly to the Secretary of State.
At one level, this is a “nationalisation in all but name” Bill, because of the powers it gives the Government.