We have to get our energy, environmental and industrial policies all in line to make this work.
To put this in context, last year British Steel lost about £408 million—that was the September number.
This year it is about £250 million.
Neither of those are small amounts of money.
The Treasury would shut down an operation if we just left something like that running inside the Government for very long.
We need a new strategy that cuts our carbon emissions without exporting our industry to the rest of the world.
I am afraid that most of our successes in carbon reduction over the last decade or two—or three—have been by dint of exporting industries to other countries, often with much worse records than us.
In this case it would be China.
China has 50% of the world market already.
It has massive excess in steel capacity, and its steel capacity is the most carbon inefficient there is, so we would actually be worsening the circumstances.
The Business and Trade Committee has taken clear evidence that we need a carbon border adjustment mechanism, so that carbon-rich steel, such as that from China, is taxed much more heavily.
Crucially, what is needed on the table are the steel safeguards from the Trade Remedies Authority to guard our markets from a flood tide of Chinese steel right now.
I am afraid the right hon.
Member is right.
The difficulty is that we are in a new world.
The terrible thing is—the House will only ever hear me say this once—that Trump has a small point in some respects, and we have to deal with the world as it is.
Moving on to the sunset clause, I can imagine that the instinct is not to put a sunset clause in the Bill, because we are dealing with a difficult negotiator, and putting in a sunset clause would be putting in a backstop.
When we put a backstop on ourselves, we give the other side a negotiating advantage.
In his speech, the Secretary of State mentioned that the Civil Contingencies Act 2004 would be a route.
For those who have not read that legislation, we spent a year putting it in place under the Blair Government, and it has recourse to Parliament at every turn: Ministers are properly controlled, it must be transparent, and so on.
I suggest to him that at some point he might organise a transition to that, so that the House has greater control.
The Coronavirus Act 2020 did not have that—it missed all those defences—and look what happened to the policy as a result.
This is what I would like to see: recourse to Parliament over the actions the Secretary of State takes to manage the survival of Scunthorpe and the policies to ensure its viability and, in the post-Putin and Trump era, the security of supply.
We want to see all those things, and we can organise legislation to permit them.
I ask the Secretary of State to take the House into his confidence and do this properly.