I thank my right hon.
Friend for giving way and for the considered way in which he is looking after the national interest.
The steel unions—the GMB, Community and Unite—would like clarification that any board that is set up will have at its heart the steelworkers who have kept the steelworks going through thick and thin.
We remain in close engagement with all the unions, which have been monitoring the situation closely.
Again, I reiterate that the Bill is not in itself about a change of ownership; it is about a change of control to rectify the situation.
However, I will certainly have regard to the comments my hon.
Friend has made and, of course, the role of the workforce at all stages.
We will never accept the argument that steelmaking  is a sunset industry.
Steel is vital to every bit of the modern economy.
Domestic demand for steel is set only to go up, not down.
In the past few weeks alone, we have seen Heathrow airport announce multibillion-pound expansion plans requiring 400,000 tonnes of new steel, and Universal Studios confirm it will be building Europe’s biggest theme park and, where possible, will use UK-made steel to do so.
This Government are backing the builders, not the blockers.
With the action we take today, we have the chance to feed that boom with steel made in Britain.
The legislation we are setting out today will help to end the uncertainty that has been hanging over British Steel’s Scunthorpe site for too long.
I welcome the Opposition’s support today for this recall, but this issue should have been resolved years ago.
I believe they may now view it as a mistake to have given this essential national asset to this company.
I have to address the statement made by the Leader of the Opposition yesterday, which I do as a matter of genuine regret.
She claimed that while she did my job,   she negotiated a modernisation plan with British Steel to build an electric arc furnace at Teesside, followed by one at Scunthorpe.
I wish to make it unequivocally clear to the House that the new Government inherited no such deal.
We could not renege on that deal because it did not exist.
On day one, I was told that there had been a lack of progress on this matter to date.
rose—
If such a deal was negotiated, somehow in secret, I ask the Leader of the Opposition to say how much money she agreed to give Jingye for this deal and what conditions were placed on it.
To state the obvious, building two electric arc furnaces in two different locations would be more expensive than building one in one location, and, given that Jingye’s request to build two furnaces in Scunthorpe was for £1.2 billion in taxpayers’ support, what—
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
I would like advice on how to counter the points the Secretary of State is making, given that they are factually incorrect and a complete misrepresentation of the situation that he inherited.
It has just been clarified by your good self.
I cannot make the Secretary of State give way when you want to come to the Dispatch Box, but I am sure that if he notices you doing so again, he may wish to.
This is an excellent chance to clarify that.
If the Leader of the Opposition agreed a deal with Jingye to cause massive job losses in Scunthorpe and transfer the jobs to a completely different place, and at higher cost than the request the company made to us, I think she should be able to tell us.
I am more than happy to give way.
Labour cannot negotiate.
We were negotiating a modernisation deal that would have had limited job losses, just as we had in Port Talbot.