British Steel cannot profit from Britain’s future if Chinese firms are allowed to kill it today.
I agree with the right hon.
Member that we need a steel industry in Britain and that we need to invest in it.
Does he not think that we could be going a bit further today and, instead of this temporary measure, taking the whole steel industry into public ownership so it can be what it has always been—the bedrock of manufacturing industry in Britain—and give us security for the future, free from market forces?
The right hon.
Gentleman may well be right, but this is the second key point that I want to land: the truth is that Jingye is a mess.
It has failed to publish accounts since 2021.
Two auditors have resigned; one cited material concerns about the company’s ability to remain a going concern.
Inventories cannot be verified.
Cash-flow statements are missing.
The company is not acting in good faith, and that is why the Secretary of State is right to take the powers that he is asking for today.
It is clear that the escalating trade war between China and the United States created the imperative to act today.
It is clear that Jingye was about to move primary steelmaking capability from Scunthorpe back to China and merely use the downstream mills in Scunthorpe.
That may have been good for China’s economic security, but it is not good for Britain’s national security, and that is why we need to give the Secretary of State the powers that he is asking for.
The options on the table are very simple.
The Secretary of State could do nothing and watch the furnaces close; he could hope, but hope is not a strategy; or he could act, as he has done today.
He has acted with strength and made a decision in the long-term interests of our country, and the House should give him its full and unabated support.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Recalling Parliament today was absolutely the right thing to do, but to be frank, it is extraordinary that we find ourselves in a situation in which our sovereign steel industry is in such peril as a result of the Conservatives’ failings and the Labour Government are now trying to give themselves unprecedented powers.
It is astounding that, even after British Steel was sold for £1, even after it entered insolvency and even after the Government’s Insolvency Service temporarily ran it, the Conservatives pressed ahead to erect more trade barriers through their botched Brexit deal, scrapped the Industrial Strategy Council and allowed the sale of the steel plant to a Chinese firm that, according to Ministers, is now refusing to negotiate in good faith at least to keep the plant going.
The Conservatives were asleep at the wheel.
They failed to tackle energy costs and business rates, and now Trump’s tariffs and contagious protectionism are the straw that has broken the camel’s back.
Does the hon.
Lady agree that the Conservatives were also in government in 2015, when the steelworks at Redcar closed and thousands of people lost their jobs?
As the hon.
Member knows, the three things that I have just outlined—British Steel being sold for a pound, British Steel entering insolvency and the Government’s Insolvency Service being left temporarily running the firm—all happened in 2019.
With Putin’s barbaric war in Europe and Donald Trump’s disastrous tariffs causing economic turmoil around the world, we must secure the future of steel production here at home.
We Liberal Democrats welcome the sense of seriousness and urgency shown by the Government  in recalling Parliament.
We must work together to rescue our steel sector and the tens of thousands of jobs that directly and indirectly rely on it.
But under the terms of the Bill, the Secretary of State is giving himself huge and unconstrained powers that could set a very dangerous precedent.