Again, let me be clear: this is a clause that we would put in any Bill.
We are not Russia, and we do not sequester assets.
The  language in the clause—the legal definition—is something that we would use in most standard procedures.
Going back to the question from  the right hon.
Member for Goole and Pocklington (David Davis) , the effective market value of Jingye is zero, so there is no inconsistency between those two points.
What is happening today is something that mining communities like Swadlincote, in my constituency of South Derbyshire, will be feeling deeply in their souls.
It is something that they could have only dreamed of back in the 1980s, when they wanted a Government who had their backs and prioritised the national interest.
Instead, they had a Conservative Government who sold them down the river.
Does the Secretary of State agree that this is a pivotal moment in our history, because we have a Labour Government prioritising our people and the national interest?
This is a significant moment.
How a country handles economic transitions is not about nostalgia for the past—we have to embrace the future—but how we help our people, our industry and our nation get to that point is key.
My hon.
Friend and I come from similar places, and we have not managed these transitions particularly well in the past.
We are meeting this weekend to discuss the potential loss of thousands of jobs, which is what was on the line.
The fact that we do not accept that, and that we will do things differently, is a welcome change.
We will scrutinise this Bill today, but we want to do so in a constructive fashion.
Given the huge damage that President Trump’s tariffs have done to the British steel industry, accelerating this crisis, does the Secretary of State agree that any Member of this House who actively campaigned for President Trump’s election and cheered him on has behaved shamefully unpatriotically and should apologise to British steelworkers?
I am extremely grateful to the right hon.
Member and his party for their presence today.
He will not draw me on the other principal issue that we have been dealing with at the Department for Business and Trade over the last few days, but to be clear, the issues around British Steel are about more than the imposition of tariffs.
The tariffs are not welcome, and I do not think there is justification for them to be put in place.
I believe that it is in our interests, but also in the US’s interests, to agree a position that removes those tariffs in the interests of steelworkers.
I fully understand the nature of what the right hon.
Gentleman is bringing forward.
I also understand some of the requirements for speed in this case, and we can argue about whether this should have been done before.
Having quickly looked through the Bill, I do not see a sunset clause.
I ask about that not because I want the Government to set a particular date, but because such a clause would bring them back here to debate whether the process should be extended.
It would therefore put a reasonable limit on Government activity without debate.
Can he explain why there is no sunset clause in the Bill?
I absolutely understand and welcome the right hon.
Gentleman’s question.
I do not want these powers for a minute more than is necessary.
I cannot say at the minute, having drafted the Bill, the timeframe for which they will be required, but I will endeavour—and I commit at the Dispatch Box—to keep the House updated.
Perhaps I will ask the Business and Trade Committee for its involvement, in order to make it clear how long we believe it will be.