I am more than happy to give way.
Labour cannot negotiate.
We were negotiating a modernisation deal that would have had limited job losses, just as we had in Port Talbot.
The Labour Government inherited a functioning commercial deal in Port Talbot, and the same would have happened with British Steel had we not had a snap election.
What the Secretary of State is doing now is the union-pushed deal.
They brought that deal to me—I said no; he said yes.
This is genuinely revelatory.
I say again: if Jingye’s request was for £1.2 billion to build at lesser cost in one place, what was the sum of money agreed by the Leader of the Opposition when she was Business Secretary to build in two places?
It certainly was not in the accounts that the Chancellor had.
I will give way.
How much money was agreed to Jingye to close the jobs in Scunthorpe?
I ask her.
When you are negotiating, you do not have—[Interruption.]
Labour Members are cheering and laughing because they love this; they think that the public taking on billions of pounds in liabilities is fantastic.
We had not finished the negotiation so there was no amount, but it would have succeeded better than the terrible plan that the Secretary of State has now.
Our friends in the press will follow that up and find out exactly how much money the Leader of the Opposition secretly promised to Jingye to transfer those jobs out of Scunthorpe.
I think it might be wise, on all counts, for that statement to be withdrawn.
The situation we inherited across the board on assuming office is one where most of our foundation industries were in some substantial difficulty.
Since 2010, UK crude steel production has almost halved, and we know that rebuilding our steel industry after years of neglect will be a challenge, but it is one that this Government have grasped.
My right hon.
Friend and I were in this House in 2015 when the Conservative party sat on its hands and kissed goodbye to the Redcar blast furnace and, with it, the state-of-the-art coke ovens that could have resolved this situation today.
Before he sits down, will he say something about the Jingye activities at Lackenby and Skinningrove and how they will be impacted by today’s announcement?
I am really grateful that my hon.
Friend has been able to put that point on the record for his community, to avoid the kind of situation we have seen in lots of industrial communities, to be frank, over the years.
This is why we take this action today in the national interest: to provide that bridge and that possibility to the future.
Specifically in relation to the downstream mills, even if we were willing to accept a situation in which they were supplied from a foreign country, as in this case, the confidence of consumers and businesses would surely be put at risk and it would bring into question the entirety of British Steel’s workforce and business and a huge part of our strategic assets.
That, again, is why this decisive action today is necessary.
The right hon.
Gentleman said that steel production is strategically important, and I agree.
He said that we should be avoiding having to be reliant on imports, and I agree.
However, his Government blocked production of the raw material metallurgical coalmine in the north-west.
Will he now go back to his colleagues in Government and the company to encourage them to reapply so we can have security not just of steelmaking, but of the raw materials that are needed to make it?
The hon.
Lady will know that the company brought into question whether that coal was the right grade for blast furnace supplies.
I remember several debates in this place about that.
I should also make it clear—I think hon.