Presentation and First Reading ( Standing Order No.
57 )
Secretary Jonathan Reynolds, supported by the Prime Minister, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Pat McFadden, Secretary John Healey, Secretary Ed Miliband, and Secretary Heidi Alexander, presented a Bill to make provision about powers to secure the continued and safe use of assets of a steel undertaking.
Bill read the first time; to be read a Second time today, and to be printed (Bill 221) with explanatory notes (Bill 158-EN).
I beg to move,
That:
(a) at this day’s sitting any member of the Panel of Chairs may take the Chair as Deputy Speaker when requested to do so by the Speaker, without any formal communication to the House;
(b) at its rising this day this House do adjourn until  Tuesday 22 April ; and
(c) the following provisions shall apply to the proceedings on the Steel Industry (Special Measures) Bill:
Timetable
(1)(a) Proceedings on Second Reading and in Committee of the whole House, any proceedings on Consideration and proceedings on Third Reading shall be taken at this day’s sitting in accordance with this Order.
(b) Notices of Amendments, new Clauses or new Schedules to be moved in Committee of the whole House may be accepted by the Clerks at the Table before the Bill has been read a second time.
(c) Proceedings on Second Reading and in Committee of the whole House, any proceedings on Consideration and proceedings on Third Reading shall be brought to a conclusion, if not previously concluded, at 2 pm at this day’s sitting.
Timing of proceedings and Questions to be put
(2) As soon as the proceedings on the Motion for this Order have been concluded, the Order for the Second Reading of the Bill shall be read.
(3) When the Bill has been read a second time:
(a) it shall, despite  Standing Order No.
63 (Committal of bills not subject to a programme order) , stand committed to a Committee of the whole House without any Question being put;
(b) proceedings on the Bill shall stand postponed while the Question is put, in accordance with  Standing Order No.
52(1) (Money resolutions and ways and means resolutions in connection with bills) , on any financial resolution relating to the Bill;
(c) on the conclusion of proceedings on any financial resolution relating to the Bill, proceedings on the Bill shall be resumed and the Speaker shall leave the Chair whether or not notice of an Instruction has been given.
(4) (a) On the conclusion of proceedings in Committee of the whole House, the Chair shall report the Bill to the House without putting any Question.
(b) If the Bill is reported with amendments, the House shall proceed to consider the Bill as amended without any Question being put.
(5) For the purpose of bringing any proceedings to a conclusion in accordance with paragraph (1), the Chair or Speaker shall forthwith put the following Questions in the same order as they would fall to be put if this Order did not apply:
(a) any Question already proposed from the chair;
(b) any Question necessary to bring to a decision a Question so proposed;
(c) the Question on any amendment, new Clause or new Schedule selected by the Chair or Speaker for separate decision;
(d) the Question on any amendment moved or Motion made by a Minister of the Crown;
(e) any other Question necessary for the disposal of the business to be concluded; and shall not put any other questions, other than the question on any motion described in paragraph (15)(a) of this Order.
(6) On a Motion so made for a new Clause or a new Schedule, the Chair or Speaker shall put only the Question that the Clause or Schedule be added to the Bill.