rose—
That is a bit slow. [
Interruption.]
Go on then.
That is a relevant question, given that the hon.
Gentleman was Boris Johnson’s business adviser when the Jingye deal was being negotiated.
What advice did he give Boris Johnson about whether to accept that deal?
Disappointingly, there was no answer to my important question about the ONS and whether this asset will sit on the Government’s balance sheet.
Perhaps when the Minister winds up, he will provide an answer to that important question that affects the nation’s finances.
The markets know, the world knows and we know that the Chancellor’s headroom was inadequate from the very moment that she sat down after her last emergency Budget.
Only this week, the Bank of England took the unprecedented step of cancelling the planned sale of Government bonds.
Today’s botched nationalisation will further unsettle international markets.
When will the Chancellor be presenting her next emergency Budget, and what are her plans to update the markets?
There we are: a disrespect of this House; the Government treating Parliament with disdain; nine months of dither and delay; and a botched nationalisation of steelmaking, with the British taxpayer on the hook.
It is crystal clear that when Labour negotiates, Britain loses.
This is not a serious Government.
It is a Government shaped by events, not in control of them.
It is government by sulky teenager—not sharing their plans, not answering the question, and when it goes wrong, it is everyone’s fault but theirs.
I call the Chair of the Business and Trade Committee.
Mr Speaker, I wonder whether you will forgive me for returning the debate to the Bill, which is about saving British Steel.
That is what the debate should be focused on, and I commend the Secretary of State for bringing forward the powers to achieve that goal.
He has acted with decisiveness, speed and certainty, and I thank him for the Bill he has presented today.
He has acted in the national interest, and he has acted to safeguard our economic security.
I am delighted that he has also acted in line with the Select Committee’s advice, which was tabled with him 10 days ago—as we know, that does not always happen.
We urged him to maximise pressure on British Steel’s owners, not to do what was easy, but to do what was right.
Today he has returned to the House with a Bill asking for the powers to do exactly that.
This legislation matters not simply because it protects 3,700 jobs in Scunthorpe, not simply because it protects 37,000 jobs in the steel supply chain across our nation and not simply because it safeguards nearly £2 billion of economic output; it matters because it defends our economy, our security and, therefore, our future.
At the heart of this debate is a very simple question: can we entrust a critical national asset to a company we do not trust?
I say no, we cannot, we must not and we dare not.
We are presented with a very simple challenge in British Steel’s owners: we have a company in possession of an asset that we need, yet it is a partner that we do not trust.
In a world where threats to our economic security multiply each day, we cannot allow that risk to fester at the heart of our industrial core.
Does the right hon.
Member agree that there is a wider issue at stake: our energy security and national security?
We have seen what can go wrong with a Chinese company that we do not trust, and we see Chinese influence increasing in other vital sectors, particularly our energy industry.
Should that not underline our concern and act as a warning that we do not want the Chinese to have control of our energy supply?