I call the acting shadow Leader of the House.
I associate this side of the House with the remarks that the right hon.
Lady has made about staff coming in today.
We are incredibly grateful to them.
I am sure we are going to hear a lot today about urgency, moving at pace and the rest of it, but the truth is that the Government have made a total pig’s breakfast of this whole arrangement.
The fact is that anyone who has been paying any attention to this story over the past few months has known that this was coming down the track.
The House was sitting—[Interruption.]
Order.
We have come back on a Saturday; that does not mean it is “Crackerjack” day.
We are going to listen.
The House was sitting on Monday and on Tuesday, and on those days my hon.
Friend  the Member for Brigg and Immingham (Martin Vickers)  raised these issues.
The fact is that the Government make bad deals for Britain when negotiating, and, as ever, they are making a bad deal.
It is a huge discourtesy to the House that we saw this Bill only 90 minutes before the start of the sitting.
Far-reaching powers are being given to the Government—powers not seen in legislation, really, in the past 40 years.
I very much hope that the Government will apologise for the way that they have done things, for having taken their eye off the ball yet again, and for having negotiated badly for the British people.
Question put and agreed to.
Second Reading
I remind Members that, under the Order of the House of today, notice of amendments and new clauses to be moved in Committee of the whole House may be—[Interruption.]
This is very serious.
They may be accepted in person by the Clerks at the Table in the Chamber before the Bill has been read a Second time.
The deadline for amendments tabled in this way is 12 noon.
Any amendments tabled to the Bill will be treated as manuscript amendments, meaning that only those tabled before 12 noon and selected by the Chairman for debate at Committee stage will be distributed and published.
I beg to move, That the Bill be now read a Second time.
We meet in exceptional circumstances to take exceptional action in what are exceptional times.
Our request to recall Parliament was not one we made lightly.
I am genuinely grateful to hon.
Members in all parts of the House for their co-operation, and for being here today as we seek to pass emergency legislation that is unequivocally in our national interest.
I thank in particular the staff in Parliament for facilitating today’s sitting, and the Prime Minister, the Chancellor and the Home Secretary for their support.
Indeed, we can take this action today only because of the restoration of economic stability and the dedicated resources for steel in the last Budget.
I acknowledge my hon.
Friend  the Member for Scunthorpe (Sir Nicholas Dakin) ,  the hon.
Member for Brigg and Immingham (Martin Vickers)  and all my hon.
Friends from Teesside for their advocacy and engagement on this matter, throughout, on behalf of their constituents.
As hon, Members will know, since taking office, the Government have been negotiating in good faith with British Steel’s owner, Jingye.
We have worked tirelessly to find a way forward, making a generous offer of support to British Steel that included sensible, common-sense conditions to protect the workforce, protect taxpayers’ money, and create a commercially viable company for the future.
Despite our offer to Jingye being substantial, it wanted much more—an excessive amount, frankly.
However, we remained committed to negotiation, but over the past few days, it has become clear that the intention of Jingye was to refuse to purchase sufficient raw materials to keep the blast furnaces running.
In fact, its intention was to cancel and refuse to pay for existing orders.