Member agree that there is a wider issue at stake: our energy security and national security?
We have seen what can go wrong with a Chinese company that we do not trust, and we see Chinese influence increasing in other vital sectors, particularly our energy industry.
Should that not underline our concern and act as a warning that we do not want the Chinese to have control of our energy supply?
We are here in the House to answer a very basic question: if we cannot trust a company, can we entrust to it a capability that we need, when that capability is so vital to our strength?
That is one reason why the Select Committee has set up a new Sub-Committee on Economic Security, Arms and Export Controls.
We will be reporting back to the House on the state of economic security in our country before the summer recess, and I look forward to the hon.
Lady’s comments on that report.
The general point I want to land is this: what we value most cannot be entrusted to those we distrust most.
The timing of the Bill is critical; we live in an age of intensifying insecurity.
President Putin’s violence is unabated, China’s military build-up is unabated and now President Trump threatens to upend the free trading system.
In such a world, to surrender our ability to make primary steel would not be a misfortune—it would be negligence.
My right hon.
Friend will know that the Select Committee has spoken to defence companies about how necessary it is not to rely on imports at a time such as this.
Does he agree that national resilience and defence rely on industrial security?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
In this debate, we need to remember that 95% of our rail infrastructure is made by British Steel.
British Steel also supplies three quarters of every major construction project in this country.
Thanks to the Chancellor, we are about to invest £10 billion in the rearmament of this country; much of what we need to put in place will be made by British Steel.
How can we afford to let British Steel go out of business today?
How can we vote against the Bill?
British Steel is not simply a pillar of British industry: it is a cornerstone of our economic security.
Does the right hon.
Gentleman agree with me, as a card-carrying advocate of industrial strategy, that this argument applies to some of our other key high-growth sectors, such as fusion, quantum and space?
We have to accept that the days of easy globalisation are over and be a bit more strategic about how we support our emerging industries.
Mr Speaker, you know that I could answer that question all day, but you would rule me out of order, so I will confine my remarks to the Bill.
However, I agree with the hon.
Gentleman.
He is absolutely right, and that is why we have to work harder across the House to build a consensus about the big calls that we need to get right for our future.
British Steel faces significant headwinds, not just from Chinese steelmakers flooding the market, but from the new 25% tariff from the United States, and we have to rise to the challenge of decarbonisation, yet we in this House must keep our eyes on the prize ahead of us.
The Chancellor has just committed £100 billion-worth of capital investment, we are building affordable homes at a pace not seen in decades and we are investing £10 billion in defence.
There is a market to seize, but only if we have the means to supply it.
British Steel cannot profit from Britain’s future if Chinese firms are allowed to kill it today.
I agree with the right hon.
Member that we need a steel industry in Britain and that we need to invest in it.