Friend’s comments entirely.
I do not believe there is a history of the SNP calling for the nationalisation of Grangemouth.
It was, as ever, on the bandwagon.
I think we all recognise that the SNP does not campaign on its record in running Scotland; it campaigns on grievance.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that the contrast is with a Labour Government in this place who are on the side of working people everywhere.
The Secretary of State mentioned Port Talbot.
I appreciate the unprecedented circumstances we find ourselves in today, when the Government have rightly moved quickly to safeguard primary steelmaking, and the Secretary of State will be very mindful of the extraordinarily difficult circumstances that the steel industry in south Wales has faced.
I recognise the £80 million fund available, but can he make sure that south Wales and Llanwern benefit from their share of the £2.5 billion clean steel fund?
Can that also be at the forefront of his mind?
I am incredibly pleased to have the chance to answer the point my hon.
Friend raises.
The Port Talbot deal was originally negotiated by the previous Government.
I did try to reopen it; I went to see Chandra in Davos and flew to Mumbai to talk to him about it.
To be frank, I kept Port Talbot open on polling day, because it would have closed due to the industrial action that almost took place.
The previous Government were nowhere to be seen, even before the result of the election was in.
We were not able to reopen the deal, but we did negotiate a better deal.
As a result, Port Talbot is in a stronger position than British Steel, because it has a long-term future in place. [
Interruption.]
This is because we improved on the deal that the Leader of the Opposition botched at the time.
To be clear, the £2.5 billion green steel fund the Chancellor has put in place is in addition to the £500 million already going to Port Talbot.
That is an incredibly important point.
I thank the Secretary of State for giving way and for acting in the national interest—the complete opposite of  the hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage) , who said he was against intervening to save British Steel two years ago.
Does the Secretary of State think the hon.
Gentleman said that in the British interest or in the foreign interests the Reform party seeks to serve?
I believe that that is on the record.
I hope to convince all colleagues today to support this action, which is in the national interest.
When the blast furnaces in Port Talbot closed down last September, this Government could have taken exactly the same legislative action as they have chosen to take today.
We will endeavour to amend the Bill to include Wales, because there is still the opportunity for this Government to make a real difference to the community of Port Talbot and the 2,800 jobs that have been lost there.
I do not want to embarrass the right hon.
Lady, but the blast furnaces have already closed at Port Talbot.
They are not available to be saved —that situation has moved on.
Let me stress again: Port Talbot is in a stronger position because it has that long-term future in place and the potential additional investments through the green steel fund.
rose—
I think I must progress, Mr Speaker.
I can see your indication to do so.
Will my right hon.
Friend give way?
I will take one more intervention.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for giving way and for the considered way in which he is looking after the national interest.
The steel unions—the GMB, Community and Unite—would like clarification that any board that is set up will have at its heart the steelworkers who have kept the steelworks going through thick and thin.