Time and again, we have seen the failures of an ad hoc, piecemeal approach to industry across all sectors, from the failure of our water companies to the shocking state of our housing nationally and the dismal situation of our health service.
For too long, there has been no stability for these industries, which are constantly fixed on a short-term basis only, to the point where they are practically held together by string and tape and the dedicated workers who remain.
We Liberal Democrats stand ready to help constructively to bring about an outcome that delivers real change.
Today, some of us have been surprised to hear the Opposition talk about a failure to prepare.
The workers of Scunthorpe might say that they had 14 years to prepare, and failed.
British Steel’s products are essential to industry, to this country’s security, and to the delivery of major infrastructure programmes across the country, including in London.
British Steel supplies Transport for London with the power rail used on its transport network, which is not manufactured anywhere else in the country.
For railways, including the underground, power rail from British Steel is essential to the everyday operation of the service, which supports up to 4 million customer journeys each day.
The closure of British Steel would have a very serious adverse effect on Transport for London’s services, as it would on projects up and down the country—so, above all, Transport for London believes in the importance of a UK-based supply chain for steel.
Finally, everyone in this House understands that the Bill is not about bringing steel into public ownership—whatever the Opposition assert—but some of us hope that moving on to nationalisation will not be ruled out.
All of us on the Government Benches believe in what works, but privatisation certainly does not always work.
The water industry comes to mind.
Since privatisation, not a single reservoir has been built.
Instead, billions have been poured into the pockets of shareholders.
Now raw sewage floats in our waterways and rivers, and it is the consumer who will have to pay exorbitant charges for investment that should have been made all along.
This House supports the Government in moving to save British Steel and the jobs of thousands and thousands of workers.
It also supports the Government in moving so quickly and with such certainty to protect the country’s interests, including in relation to security, and in working to save the community in Scunthorpe, because one of the issues with deindustrialisation is the long-term effect on many communities up and down the country.
We all support what the Government are doing.
I have just come off the phone to Tom Smith, the trade union convenor at the blast furnaces, on behalf of my many   constituents who work next door in Scunthorpe.
My primary concern today is with the nearly 3,000 people who work in this plant.
Let us be clear: we have been making the best quality steel in the world for 135 years in Lincolnshire, and we intend to go on doing it.
We are not going to allow cheap, inferior Chinese steel to kill off our industry.
The workers of Scunthorpe are breathing a sigh of relief.
We can be party political.
I have to say that I thought the Chairman of the Business and Trade Committee made an excellent speech—he was positive and talked in strategic terms—but I do not know what the Liberal Democrat spokesman,  the hon.
Member for St Albans (Daisy Cooper) , achieved by constantly attacking the Conservative party on what is a very complex issue.
Of course we can be criticised because we sold this company to Jingye—yes, I agree—but how many voices on the Liberal Democrat Benches were speaking up at the time?
Were they speaking up when Greg Clark, our then Business Secretary, paid the wages of the Scunthorpe steelworkers for many months?
Were they speaking up when we saved Sheffield Forgemasters?