I hope the Government will make a commitment that, in the coming weeks, they will bring forward a report that sets out options for future ownership of the plant.
Looking ahead, many big questions remain unanswered.
Will the Government immediately designate UK-made steel a nationally strategic asset?
Will they be using direct reduced iron, and, if so, will that form part of the UK’s plans alongside protecting the production of virgin steel at Scunthorpe?
When will the Government bring forward a comprehensive plan to ensure that more British steel is used in vital infrastructure projects, from defence to renewable energy?
Will Ministers work shoulder to shoulder with our European and Commonwealth partners to tear down trade barriers, including by negotiating a customs union by 2030?
Will they develop initiatives to retrain and upskill workers across the country as we transition to greener methods of steel production?
How do the Government intend to respond to calls from UK Steel for the Government to achieve the lowest electricity prices in Europe, parity with competitors on network charges, and wholesale electricity market reform?
This case should also raise concerns about the role of Chinese corporate interests in the UK’s national critical infrastructure.
The decision by British Steel’s Chinese owners to turn down the Government’s offer of £500 million to support the future of the Scunthorpe plant has directly precipitated this crisis.
We must now be clear-eyed about the risks posed by Chinese involvement in our country’s vital infrastructure.
To that end, will the Minister tell the House when the Government’s promised UK-China audit will be released, and how the Government plan to strengthen protections for critical infrastructure?
Can he assure the House that the Government have assessed whether there is any risk that Jingye, on behalf of the Chinese Government, has deliberately run down the plant to jeopardise the UK’s capacity to produce steel?
We are in a precarious position, and it is not as if there were no warnings.
In 2022, the Royal United Services Institute think-tank said:
“Domestically produced steel is used in defence applications, and offshoring the supply chain may have security implications—for example, in a scenario where multiple allied countries rearm simultaneously at a time of global supply disruption, such as during a major geopolitical confrontation.”
The fact that Jingye has now closed down the supply of raw materials is further evidence that the plant should not have been sold to it in the first place.
Quite frankly, the fact that some Conservative MPs are calling for nationalisation shows how far through the looking glass we really are.
Is not the Conservatives’ attitude abundantly clear?
On national security, they cut troop numbers by 10,000; on food security, they undermined our farmers with unforgiveably bad trade deals; and on economic security, they left our country with almost no sovereign steel capacity.
On security, the Conservatives left our island nation severely vulnerable, like flotsam in the sea, passively bobbing up and down or being bashed around by the tides of international events.
As for hon.
Members from the private limited company Reform Ltd, they have a bit of cheek to claim to support UK steelworkers while cheering on their pal  President Trump, whose punishing trade war is putting those steelworkers’ jobs at risk.
Perhaps the company’s directors who sit in this House will come clean about whose side they are really on.
Time and again, we have seen the failures of an ad hoc, piecemeal approach to industry across all sectors, from the failure of our water companies to the shocking state of our housing nationally and the dismal situation of our health service.
For too long, there has been no stability for these industries, which are constantly fixed on a short-term basis only, to the point where they are practically held together by string and tape and the dedicated workers who remain.
We Liberal Democrats stand ready to help constructively to bring about an outcome that delivers real change.