Despite our offer to Jingye being substantial, it wanted much more—an excessive amount, frankly.
However, we remained committed to negotiation, but over the past few days, it has become clear that the intention of Jingye was to refuse to purchase sufficient raw materials to keep the blast furnaces running.
In fact, its intention was to cancel and refuse to pay for existing orders.
The company would therefore have irrevocably and unilaterally closed down primary steelmaking at British Steel.
I want to make it absolutely clear that, separately from any conversation about a possible deal to co-invest in new infrastructure, the British Government offered to purchase the raw materials in a way that would have ensured no losses whatsoever for Jingye in maintaining the blast furnaces for a period of time.
A counter-offer was instead made by Jingye: that we transfer hundreds of millions of pounds to it, without any conditions to prevent that money, and potentially other assets, being  immediately transferred to China.
Jingye also refused the condition of keeping the blast furnaces maintained and in good working order.
Even if I had agreed to those terms, I could not guarantee that further requests for money would not then be made.
In that situation, with the clock being run down, doing nothing was not an option.
We could not, will not and never will stand idly by while the heat seeps from the UK’s remaining blast furnaces, without any planning, due process or respect for the consequences.
That is why I needed colleagues here today.
From what the Secretary of State has described, it is beginning to sound as though Jingye is trying to manoeuvre the Government into a recompensed nationalisation.
Will he make it plain that if it tries to manoeuvre us into nationalisation, we will pay not more than a penny for the business?
To be clear, where there is a transfer of ownership to the state, we would always pay the fair market value for the assets.
In this case, the market value is effectively zero, so I take the right hon.
Gentleman’s point entirely.
I would say that the intention of Jingye has not been to engineer that situation; its intention has been to keep the downstream mills, which colleagues will know are fundamental to our construction and steel industries, and supply them from China, rather than from Scunthorpe; that is the situation.
Is it now the view of the Government that primary steel production in the United Kingdom is an overriding national security issue?
As the right hon.
Gentleman will know—we have had this exchange at the Dispatch Box before—I believe that the capacity for primary steel production is important.
The steel strategy looks at new ways of ensuring that, and at not just protecting the past, but at what the future may bring.
Direct reduced iron technology is of significant potential interest to us for the future.
However, this situation—involving the last remaining blast furnaces, and the proposition put to us—is exceptional and unique, and I need all colleagues to recognise that.
The legislation ahead of us today is therefore a proportionate and necessary step.
It allows us to take control of British Steel’s blast furnaces, maintaining steel production and, by extension, protecting the company’s 3,500-strong workforce.
The Bill does not transfer ownership to the Government.
We will have to deal with that matter at a later date.
I took the decision that given the exceptional nature of a recall, it would be better to limit the powers in the Bill, which are still significant, rather than introduce more complex matters of property rights and public ownership at this time.
The Secretary of State is taking extremely extensive powers for the Government, and they apply to what he describes in the Bill as “specified assets”.
As far as I can see, they are not limited to blast furnaces or assets required for making virgin steel.