By doing all we can—whether by keeping down energy costs, as I know the Minister has sought to do, investing through the national wealth fund or, indeed, bringing in the CBAM—this is our chance to secure a genuine, long-term solution for the preservation of British Steel.
It is a pleasure to follow  the hon.
Member for Great Grimsby and Cleethorpes (Melanie Onn) , my Member of Parliament; on this matter we are in complete harmony.
Before I talk about the local situation, which is what I want to focus on, may I thank the Secretary of State for giving me a call yesterday evening and outlining the proposals he would be bringing forward this morning?
I did say to him that I would not be entirely uncritical, so I am sure he will not mind a few jabs here and there.
The local situation is extremely critical, as has been pointed out.
The impact, not only on the workforce but on the wider economy of northern Lincolnshire, would be extensive.
I have been a resident in the Grimsby-Cleethorpes area all my life, and I have seen the impact when a town loses its core industry.
In the case of Grimsby, of course, that was the deep-sea fishing industry.
When that decline happens—it has happened to so many towns up and down the country as a result of the  decline in mining, shipbuilding and other heavy industries—it takes a generation or perhaps more for the town to fully recover.
That is the last thing I want to see happen in my neighbouring constituency of Scunthorpe, or to the hundreds of my constituents who work there.
Those Members who were here for the Easter Adjournment debate—there were a handful—might have heard me say this only four days ago, but the site extends way beyond the bounds of Scunthorpe, into my Brigg and Immingham constituency.
The site is the equivalent of 1,133 Wembley football pitches, which gives an idea  of its size and of the amount of work that would be needed were the steelworks to close.
There would be demands for vast Government investment over decades, in order to remediate the site and to provide new employment.
I said that I would not be entirely uncritical of the Secretary of State, so I refer him to my first urgent question on this matter, on  5 September  last year.
I said on that occasion:
“There have been widespread media reports suggesting that coke will stop being imported from October, which would mean production would stop in Scunthorpe by Christmas.
There are rumours concerning the fact that employees will be given notice very soon.
That is obviously creating great anxiety among those directly employed by British Steel and those in the supply chain, which in northern Lincolnshire extends to many thousands of people and many businesses.
”—[Official Report,  5 September 2024 ; Vol.
753, c. 424.]
Thankfully, we have had a six-month reprieve from those threats in October, but I have to say, the Government have been a little dilatory on this.
I appreciate that negotiations have been taking place and Ministers cannot give away their negotiating position, but I made this point as long ago as September, as well as when you granted me an urgent question on  27 March , Mr Speaker—only a couple of weeks ago—and surely the Government were beginning to realise at that point that the negotiations with Jingye were going nowhere.
I am extremely grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for putting that point on the record.
It is precisely because of those concerns that we were able to have ready a legal route to intervene to directly offer support to purchase raw materials.
What we could not have anticipated or expected was for a company to act in an irrational economic manner when such a clear, distinctive and generous offer was made.
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his intervention.