What we could not have anticipated or expected was for a company to act in an irrational economic manner when such a clear, distinctive and generous offer was made.
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his intervention.
I would say merely that he has been party to the negotiations, and he must surely have realised that the company was not negotiating in good faith and expected his officials to prepare legislation, if required, to deal with the situation that we are now in.
As others have said, this is crucial not just for thousands of my constituents who work at the site, but for the defence of the nation.
I assume and hope that Defence Ministers have been lobbying the Secretary of State to make their concerns clear.
Locally, there is continuing concern.
Like the Father of the House, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Gainsborough (Sir Edward Leigh) , I will support the   proposals.
I floated the nationalisation issue on  27 March , and I see this as a stepping-stone to that situation.
To those who will perhaps demand nationalisation today, I would say that this is a very complex issue, and what matters more than anything else is the future of the workforce and the ability to produce virgin steel.
Nationalisation legislation would not, I sincerely hope, be passed in three hours; it would involve a great deal of work.
Having got themselves into this situation, the Government are now taking the right action.
There has been disappointment locally—to put it mildly—that the Prime Minister did not, following my question to him only 10 days ago, take up the option to meet a cross-party delegation of MPs to discuss the situation, but now that we are where we are, I fully support the Government, and I hope that they accept the sunset clause amendment, which would be prudent.
I can assure them of my full support today, which they will continue to have when they act in the best interests of my constituents.
rose—
Order.
Can we try to help each other by not speaking for too long?
I hope we do not have reams of paper for the next speech.
Bill Esterson will be a good example of a shorter speech.
Well, thank you, Mr Speaker—no pressure. [
Interruption.]
I will put some of my papers down.
May I start by praising the Business Secretary and his team for the way in which they have introduced the legislation?
I add to that my praise for trade unions, local management and Members of Parliament of both main parties—not least my hon.
Friend  the Member for Scunthorpe (Sir Nicholas Dakin) , who, being a Minister, is not speaking in the debate.
I joined him on a 2023 visit to Scunthorpe, where the very concerns about Jingye that we have heard today were shared with us by local management and trade unions alike.
It is no surprise that those concerns have come to pass.
The last Government were warned, and they chose not to take the action needed.
Ministers in the last Government told me that steel needed by the Navy and by those across our economy could not be made at Scunthorpe, or at other steel plants.
Interestingly, the local management and the trade unions told me that they could make whatever their customers asked them to make by adjusting production.
Again, it is a pity that the last Government did not listen, or we might be in a rather different place now.
During the last Parliament, we were the only country in the G20 where production of primary steel, and steel overall, was falling.
If the blast furnaces were allowed to close, we would be the only country in the G20 without any primary steelmaking capacity, which underlines why today’s legislation is so important.
The steel at Scunthorpe is of strategic national importance.