I do not want these powers for a minute more than is necessary.
I cannot say at the minute, having drafted the Bill, the timeframe for which they will be required, but I will endeavour—and I commit at the Dispatch Box—to keep the House updated.
Perhaps I will ask the Business and Trade Committee for its involvement, in order to make it clear how long we believe it will be.
To be absolutely specific, where we make an order in relation to control of a steel undertaking, we can revoke the regulations once that control has been established and is no longer required.
rose—
I know there is huge interest, but I will make a little more progress and that might deal with some of the matters Members want to raise.
This is what it means to be a Government unashamedly on the side of working people—one that will never hesitate to take action to protect this nation’s assets and economic security.
I understand that some have asked about precedent or referred to other troubled industrial situations.
To be clear again, this is an exceptional and unique situation.
The question for all Members is whether we as a country want to continue to possess a steel industry.
Do we want to make the construction steel and rail we need here in the UK, or do we want to be dependent on overseas imports?
As a Government, we are not passive in any way about the future of British industry.
The Secretary of State has said this is “unique” and “exceptional” and made reference to energy transitions and thousands of jobs.
In the Scottish context, many minds right now will be focused on the situation in Grangemouth, where we know that hundreds of jobs will be lost directly, as well as thousands in the supply chain.
Were I, or perhaps even the local Member,  the hon.
Member for Alloa and Grangemouth (Brian Leishman) , to bring forward a similar Bill to save Scotland’s only oil refinery and give the Secretary of State the executive power to do as he pleases—as he is doing with British Steel—would the Labour party back it as it is backing this Bill today?
I am pleased for the chance to address this issue.
The importance of Grangemouth is why this Labour Government have pledged £200 million to secure its long-term future.
It is an important asset, but it is not the only remaining refinery; it is one of three crackers in the United Kingdom—that is important.
Specifically, it is not a comparable situation, and the behaviour of the company is not comparable to the case of British Steel.
I also say to the right hon.
Member, and indeed to all Members, that this is why we fought and fought again to secure the future of British shipbuilding by saving all four of the Harland and Wolff sites in England, Scotland and Northern Ireland.
The right hon.
Member will know that the commercial interest was not in the Scottish yards, but we held them together precisely because of our commitment to Scotland and the Union.
It is also why within weeks of taking office we secured a better  deal for the workers at Port Talbot.
We have repeatedly acted, and we will continue to act no matter how hard the circumstances.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that the failure of the Tories and the SNP to develop an industrial strategy for Scotland meant that they had no plan for Grangemouth?
They knew for over a decade about the problems at the refinery and did nothing.
Does he agree that as soon as Labour came into power, we got to work and delivered support for the site, the workforce and the local community?
I endorse my hon.
Friend’s comments entirely.
I do not believe there is a history of the SNP calling for the nationalisation of Grangemouth.
It was, as ever, on the bandwagon.