I took the decision that given the exceptional nature of a recall, it would be better to limit the powers in the Bill, which are still significant, rather than introduce more complex matters of property rights and public ownership at this time.
The Secretary of State is taking extremely extensive powers for the Government, and they apply to what he describes in the Bill as “specified assets”.
As far as I can see, they are not limited to blast furnaces or assets required for making virgin steel.
Does he accept that he is leaving two hands on the tiller, when it comes to the  operation of all the steelmaking companies to which the Bill may apply?
In other words, he is saying that the Government can direct a company in relation to specified assets, but that company can do other things of its own initiative.
Does he recognise that he is creating considerable legal complexity in the operation of those companies going forward?
Why is that the right approach?
I am extremely grateful to the right hon.
and learned Gentleman for his thoughtful question.
The fundamental purpose of the Bill is to allow me, as Secretary of State, and this Government to take control of this situation.
The reason why this is the Steel Industry (Special Measures) Bill, and not a Bill specific to British Steel, is, as he will know, that the latter would be a hybrid Bill, and introducing that would be a far more complex procedure.
With the clock being run down, that was not an available option.
The Bill broadly replicates the situation that would apply if the Civil Contingencies Act 2004 had been triggered, but rather than seeking to meet the threshold to trigger that Act, I am seeking parliamentary permission—the consent of this House and the other place—to take control, which I think is a better way forward.
I want to make it clear to the right hon.
and learned Gentleman and to the House that I want this to be a temporary position—I do not want these powers a minute longer than is necessary—but I need the powers to rectify and save the situation.
Given that the Secretary of State has inferred that the owner, Jingye, is not and has not acted in good faith, surely the right thing to do is to seize this great opportunity now, this weekend, and nationalise British Steel?
A transfer of ownership to the state remains on the table.
It may well, at this stage, given the behaviour of the company, be the likely option.
However, our aspirations for British Steel remain a co-investment agreement with a private sector partner to secure a long-term transformation.
The action I seek to take today is not a magic wand or a panacea.
The state cannot fund the long-term transformation of British Steel, nor would it want to, but a failure to act today would prevent any more desirable outcome from even being considered, and that, again, is why we must act today.
I applaud my right hon.
Friend for his decisive action in this matter.
I have only had a chance to read the Bill for 10 minutes—[Interruption.]
That is not a criticism; it is the natural procedure of this House.
The Bill could not be laid until First Reading.
The Bill talks about compensation.
He has made the point that he is not planning to take over and run British Steel, which is not the desirable option, but has he done some sort of impact assessment on the potential range of costs to the taxpayer in these circumstances?
I think my hon.
Friend refers to clause 7, which deals with compensation.
Again, let me be clear: this is a clause that we would put in any Bill.
We are not Russia, and we do not sequester assets.
The  language in the clause—the legal definition—is something that we would use in most standard procedures.