During the last Parliament, we were the only country in the G20 where production of primary steel, and steel overall, was falling.
If the blast furnaces were allowed to close, we would be the only country in the G20 without any primary steelmaking capacity, which underlines why today’s legislation is so important.
The steel at Scunthorpe is of strategic national importance.
Some 95% of our rail tracks are made at Scunthorpe, and the steelworks there carry out automotive, construction and defence production, all of which are critically important to this country.
In addition to what is made now, there are opportunities in energy transition  and defence.
Some 25 million tonnes of steel will be required over the next 25 years in the offshore wind sector alone, so there are great opportunities if we can secure the future of Scunthorpe.
At the Liaison Committee last Tuesday, the Prime Minister mentioned that the grid connection plan for the Scunthorpe site is only due in 2034.
Our electricity prices are 46% above the average for International Energy Agency states.
The Government have to address the challenges of slow grid connections and uncompetitive industrial energy prices if they are to enable the modernisation of industry as a whole, and steel in particular.
The Business and Trade Committee, of which I am a member, has heard evidence about the importance of the steel industry, and about the need for primary steelmaking to be retained as a key pillar of UK industrial sovereignty.
We have heard that blast furnaces still play a critical role in strategic and high-grade steel production.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that our economic security is intrinsically linked with our onshore industrial capabilities, and that our Government’s focus on both construction and defence in these uncertain times means that this Bill is very welcome news?
My hon.
Friend makes extremely well the point that our economic security and our national security are two sides of the same coin.
I am pleased to hear about the work being done by the Business and Trade Committee; in his excellent speech, the Committee’s Chair, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Birmingham Hodge Hill and Solihull North (Liam Byrne) , mentioned the Sub-Committee that has been set up.
I want to talk about Port Talbot, because the Energy Security and Net Zero Committee visited it two weeks ago.
There will be a delay of several years between the closure last year of the blast furnaces there, and the opening of the new electric arc furnace, which is a massive cause for concern in south Wales and beyond.
The excellent financial support provided by this Government, and Tata’s willingness to engage, are a good example of industry and Government being partners, and an indication that the industrial strategy that the Government plan to bring forward is already being effective.
The Bill gives the Government the opportunity to secure steelmaking in this country.
I congratulate the Secretary of State and his colleagues on their decisive action.
Workers and the nation as a whole are grateful for the work of this Government, who are doing absolutely the right thing.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage)  and I have been calling for British Steel to be a strategic national corporation for some six years.
We said to the previous Administration that the last thing they should do is sell it to the Chinese, but they ignored our splendid advice.
The industry requires long-term investment.
The problem, as we all know, is that it has been beset by short-termism and short-term thinking, as well as by the vast electricity costs in this country, partly caused by net stupid zero and the carbon tariff.
There is now a great opportunity for the House to unify.
As the Secretary of State confirmed, we have the opportunity to take British Steel into public ownership—this weekend, we would urge, for the sum of £1.