(15) (a) No Motion shall be made, except by a Minister of the Crown, to alter the order in which any proceedings on the Bill are taken, to recommit the Bill or to vary or supplement the provisions of this Order.
(b) No notice shall be required of such a Motion.
(c) Such a Motion may be considered forthwith without any Question being put; and any proceedings interrupted for that purpose shall be suspended accordingly.
(d) The Question on such a Motion shall be put forthwith; and any proceedings suspended under sub-paragraph (c) shall thereupon be resumed.
(e)  Standing Order No.
15(1) (Exempted business)  shall apply to proceedings on such a Motion.
(16) (a) No dilatory Motion shall be made in relation to proceedings to which this Order applies except by a Minister of the Crown.
(b) The Question on any such Motion shall be put forthwith.
(17) The start of any debate under  Standing Order No.
24 (Emergency debates)  to be held on a day on which the Bill has been set down to be taken as an Order of the Day shall be postponed until the conclusion of any proceedings on that day to which this Order applies.
(18) Proceedings to which this Order applies shall not be interrupted under any Standing Order relating to the sittings of the House.
(19) At today’s sitting the Speaker shall not adjourn the House until:
(a) any message from the Lords on the Bill has been received and any Committee to draw up Reasons which has been appointed at that sitting has reported;
(b) the Speaker has notified the Royal Assent to any Act agreed upon by both Houses.
(20) At the conclusion of proceedings the Speaker shall adjourn the House without putting any Question.
I do not intend to detain the House for long, as we have an important debate to follow, but may I put on record my thanks to you, Mr Speaker, for agreeing to recall Parliament today?
As ever, you have been incredibly accommodating and understanding.
You recognise the scale and urgency of what we need to do today, and I know that these are very important matters to you personally, and to the House as a whole.
May I also thank the House staff, who have responded quickly and professionally to facilitate this extraordinary meeting of the House, and all those colleagues who are here at such short notice?
We meet in these special circumstances because the Government need to act decisively, at pace and with urgency to ensure that the steelworks blast furnaces of British Steel are maintained and kept going, saving thousands of jobs and securing our domestic production of virgin steel.
The Secretary of State for Business and  Trade will shortly set out the powers that he needs to do this, through the Steel Industry (Special Measures) Bill, published online this morning.
If the House agrees to this business of the House motion, the arrangements today provide for Second Reading, Committee, Report and Third Reading to be considered by the House until 2 pm.
The House will then wait to consider any message from the Lords today, before adjourning again until  Tuesday 22 April .
I also send our thanks to Members and staff in the House of Lords for returning today.
Members may be aware that the Lords sit from 12 pm for a “take note” debate on the Government’s proposals, before being expected to consider all stages of the Bill today.
I hope all Members can work together constructively today on the passage of the Bill, and I am grateful to you, Mr Speaker, for facilitating this important request.
I hope all Members will agree to this motion, and I commend it to the House.
I call the acting shadow Leader of the House.
I associate this side of the House with the remarks that the right hon.
Lady has made about staff coming in today.