I thank the right hon.
Lady for those important questions.
The British Government are fully committed, with our Gulf and G7 partners, to efforts to ensure that the current negotiations come to the conclusions that we wish to see.
Those include conclusions in the short term—we have long repudiated Hamas’s hostage taking, so the hostages need to be released immediately, and humanitarian aid must get into Gaza.
As I said in response to  the hon.
Member for Bicester and Woodstock (Calum Miller) , there are also other questions about governance and security, and about the long-term prospects for Gaza, for the west bank, and for a state of Palestine and a state of Israel living side by side.
We are fully engaged in that diplomacy, as the right hon.
Lady would expect.
On the right hon.
Lady’s wider question about fragility in the region, she will be familiar with the decisions we have taken on snapback.
I imagine that we will return to discuss Iran in greater detail at some point in the future, as I am conscious that there were developments over recess.
We have triggered snapback and we will continue to return to the House to discuss the threat of Iran’s nuclear programme.
The longer that Israel is allowed to act like a rogue state, bombing sovereign countries with impunity and expanding its war in the middle east, the weaker our words look—Gaza, Lebanon, Yemen, Iran, Syria, Tunisian soil and now Qatar.
Why are we meeting Israel’s President Herzog today, when his own words and those of Netanyahu show a complete disregard for international humanitarian law?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for her work on a whole range of questions, including current efforts to try to ensure the successful evacuation of vulnerable people from Gaza.
It is important that we raise our concerns directly to the Israeli Government, both to contribute to the diplomatic process and to try to secure the practical and tangible help required to get people out of Gaza.
The British Foreign Office on its own cannot secure the speedy departures that we wish to see.
Do not the events of yesterday underline the critical need to secure a ceasefire and, above all, to move into a political process?
Will the Minister—we are all pleased to see him continuing in his role following the reshuffle—commit to building on the important work done by Egypt, Turkey, Qatar and Saudi Arabia to effect that peace process?
All of them have underlined the fact that there is no place for Hamas in Gaza or anywhere else in government following the events that have taken place.
I am grateful for the kind words from the right hon.
Gentleman, and indeed for those I heard from the Labour Back Benches.
I am continuing in my role and look forward to appearing before the House in the usual way.
He is right to emphasise not just the important statements from the UK and our western allies, but the important commitments that have been made—particularly in July but since then as well—by Qatar, Egypt, Turkey and a range of other states, which have a real role to play in mediating the immediate pressures and in trying to end up in, as he says, the more permanent ceasefire that we want to see.
I thank the Minister for outlining the strongest condemnation of the attacks and the blatant disregard for Qatar’s sovereignty.
I refer the House to my registered interests, as I visited Qatar last year and spoke to Ministers there.
I saw how diligently they are working, day in and day out, to secure the ceasefire and the hostages, and to get that urgent aid in.
Does the Minister share my view that Qatar’s role in mediating this conflict will be blown into jeopardy by the recent attack, and will he ensure that the Prime Minister continues to condemn this attack when he meets the Israeli President later this week?