What steps her Department is taking to hold technology companies accountable for the content on their platforms.
Minister, welcome.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
Through the Online Safety Act 2023, platforms now have a legal duty to protect users from illegal content and safeguard children from harmful content.
Ofcom has strong powers to hold firms to account, including fines of up to 10% of qualifying worldwide revenue.
Ofcom has made it clear that it will act where platforms fall short, and has already launched 12 investigations into suspected non-compliance.
I assure my hon.
Friends that we will continue to review this area carefully and will not hesitate to go further.
I welcome the Minister to his position.
On World Suicide Prevention Day, I welcome the Government’s action requiring online platforms to proactively protect users from illegal and harmful content, but charities like the Molly Rose Foundation remain concerned about whether major platforms are fully complying with UK regulations, especially on risk assessments.
What further steps is the Minister taking to ensure that Ofcom enforces the law and responds robustly to any breaches?
I thank my hon.
Friend for an important and timely question.
It is important because I have been in the room with Ian Russell, the father of Molly Russell, and I have seen the tireless resilience with which he and the Molly Rose Foundation have campaigned to protect children online.
It is a timely question because, in memory of cases like Molly Russell’s, suicide prevention must remain front and centre in our minds.
That is precisely why, in the first week of this new ministerial team, the Secretary of State announced that self-harm content is now a priority offence.
Ofcom has requested risk assessments from over 60 services, including smaller but high-risk platforms, and I know it is actively enforcing compliance as well.
I welcome the Minister to his place.
Yesterday, I sponsored a drop-in event here in Parliament with Parent Zone to highlight the “hit pause” campaign, which aims to teach people to recognise conspiracy theories and misinformation online.
Does the Minister agree that although we can make online platforms more accountable in other ways, these kinds of initiatives should be widely available to help equip  people with the means to protect themselves when the tech companies fail to take responsibility for the content on their platforms?
I am grateful for this chance to put on the record that even when others have put their interests first, my hon.
Friend has always put Southport above everything.
In doing so, he has inspired many of us from across the House.
Media literacy includes critically evaluating information.
It is a key skill in helping people to be protected from harm online, and I know that the technology companies play a crucial role.
We welcome collaborative initiatives like Parent Zone’s “hit pause” programme, and I encourage all platforms to continue to expand their work to embed media literacy into their product design.
I welcome the Minister to his place.
When it comes to holding tech companies accountable for using copyrighted material on their platforms without consent, the Government’s Data (Use and Access) Act 2025 let down our creative industries.
The Department’s new working groups on AI and copyright include just one British tech firm, alongside a host of foreign tech competitors.
Will his Government now give our tech sector and creative industries the proper voice they deserve?
Our technology sector, our entrepreneurs and our creators are close to my heart, as I spent most of my professional life—prior to coming to this place—in those contexts.
We have consulted, we have listened and we continue to listen as a new team.
Across the board, we will look closely at the evidence and make sure that we are backing this country’s entrepreneurs and creators.
Over the last 10 days in my constituency, there have been five of the most appalling and violent acts by self-styled vigilante groups.