We expect Israel, alongside all of our allies, and indeed every state, to abide by international law.
My hon.
Friend sets out the relevant tests of  self-defence and imminence.
As I have said, the UK is supporting a motion for an urgent session of the Security Council this afternoon on this question.
Members have already outlined how Israel has violated international law by attacking Qatar.
Will the UK Government lay therefore down a motion at the UN to condemn the actions of Israel?
As I have said, the UK is supporting a motion for a session of the UN Security Council this afternoon.
If that motion is granted, the session is expected to take place this evening—our time.
Israel is a rogue state that blatantly disregards international law.
This bombing was a blatant attempt to scupper peace negotiations.
Pleading with Israel will do no good, so how many more war crimes or violations of international law are necessary before the Government impose the tough sanctions on Israel that are needed to force it to stop this?
I think I covered the point about sanctions earlier.
I was surprised and disappointed that there was no word from the Secretary of State in relation to the terrorist attack in Jerusalem on Monday, where terrorists opened fire on a bus, killing rabbis and women.
The reality is that Hamas’s leadership not only condoned the attack, but praised it.
Does the Minister agree that it is essential that we get to the point of having a ceasefire that allows for the release of all the hostages without conditions, and for Hamas to surrender their weapons and agree to demilitarise Gaza?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for raising the attack in Jerusalem, which I condemn utterly and outright.
It was barbaric and, as he says, women and rabbis were killed.
The UK has no truck with it and we condemn it outright, just as we condemn all such activities by Hamas, including the taking of hostages, the events of  7 October  and the long litany of terrorist attacks that they are responsible for and glorify.
Benjamin Netanyahu’s extrajudicial killings against a sovereign western ally expose his rejection of peace and deliberate escalation of atrocities in a clear violation of international law and diplomacy.
He has destroyed the peace talks and acts with impunity.
The UK Government have rightly condemned these actions, but when will they uphold international law, call out the Israeli Prime Minister as a warmonger and perpetrator of genocide, end arms sales to Israel and impose the severe sanctions that his conduct demands?
The Prime Minister set out some of what our Government have done in relation to the suspension of arms sales and sanctions on extremist figures in the Israeli Government, so I will not belabour those points here.
On peace talks, the Emir of Qatar is clear that the Qataris will continue in their mediation role.
We should not count out peace talks while the Qataris rightly continue to try to push them forwards.
Israel’s bombing of Doha was the action of a state that knows it can act with complete impunity.
Once again, the Netanyahu regime has shown that international law simply does not apply to it, and as long as this Government ignore the overwhelming evidence of the genocide in Gaza, so that they can profit from the sales of weapons to Israel, that situation will continue.
Will Minister tell us—unless this is just another example of the performative condemnation that we have seen so often from this Government—what exactly the consequences will be for Israel for this egregious attack on Qatar?
I have set out some of the steps that we are taking in relation to this strike, including supporting an emergency session of the UN Security Council and having discussions with our allies, including the E3, which the Foreign Secretary will undertake shortly.