As I have made clear to the House, full due process was gone through when the appointment was made.
My constituent Connor Edwards lives with Ehlers-Danlos syndrome and craniocervical instability, which, in his words, means his head is slowly falling off his body.
Having once enjoyed fishing and mountain biking, at the age of 30 Connor is now largely bed-bound and says his condition has destroyed his quality of life.
He is having to crowdfund for treatment in Spain because the NHS cannot give him the help he needs.
Will the Prime Minister ensure that I, Connor and EDS charities have a meeting with the Minister to discuss what more we can do to give thousands of people like Connor their freedom back?
I have read through the details of Connor’s case, which has just been summarised.
It is heartbreaking.
I thank my hon.
Friend for consistently campaigning and championing all those affected.
I will make sure that he gets the meetings he needs so that we can hear from Connor and others and learn from their experience.
Gaza is a graveyard.
Yet rather than end arms sales, extend sanctions and stand by international law, the Prime Minister will today welcome into his home—a home entrusted to him by the people of these isles—the man who called for the collective punishment of the Palestinian people  and who signed the artillery shells that destroyed their homes, their families and their friends; a man who will ignore every word the Prime Minister says.
Would he invite Vladimir Putin into No.
10?
Would he invite Benjamin Netanyahu into No.
10?
What does it say of this Prime Minister that he will harbour this man while children starve?
For the record, we have suspended arms that could be used in Gaza, we have sanctioned extremists and we have suspended trade talks.
The point the right hon.
Gentleman raises is a very serious one.
We all want an outcome that ensures that there is peace, that the hostages get out, that aid gets in and that there is a two-state outcome.
It is the only way we will get peace in a region that has suffered conflict for a very, very long time.
I will not give up on diplomacy—that is the politics of students.
Let’s talk about fracking.
It contaminates the water table, it causes air pollution and the test drilling in Lancashire led to earthquakes.
Will the Prime Minister stand up to the climate deniers?
Will he ban fracking once and for all?
Does he agree that those who are backing it are supporting fracking stupid reform?
We will ban fracking for good, and let us be absolutely clear that the biggest risk to energy prices is staying hooked on volatile international fossil fuel markets.
In stark contrast, Reform is ignoring local communities, putting green jobs and investment at risk and committing to higher bills by warning renewable companies not to invest.
That is shocking.
A few short weeks ago, a constituent of mine died in a tragic fire at the Lady Bailey residential park in Winterborne Whitechurch.
The fire was attended by 50 Dorset and Wiltshire firefighters and others.
This summer alone, 900 grassland, woodland and crop fires have equalled the busiest year on record for that fire service, and I extend my thanks to all of them for all that they do.
The Prime Minister will be aware that rural funding is always an issue and that the delivery of rural services is always a challenge.
Will he arrange for the relevant Minister at the Home Office to meet me and senior officials in that fire service to discuss the needs of our rural area to ensure that my constituents and those across the counties of Dorset and Wiltshire are kept as safe as they possibly can be?
I am very sorry to hear about the case that the hon.