We do need to adapt to this age of phenomenal technological development.
I have already had a discussion with the chief executive of Ofcom and I intend to meet many other organisations, including those that champion stronger protections for children online.
The hon.
Lady raises the critical issue that we need to protect people’s privacy, and we need to protect freedom of speech, but we also need to make sure that illegal content, and harmful content for children, is removed.
I will leave no stone unturned in delivering on that objective.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help support the adoption of new technologies in the workplace.
New technology in the workplace can help companies become more productive and efficient.
In making workplaces more accessible so that people can get work and stay in work, it is also good for people.
We are supporting companies in a number of ways, especially through our industrial strategy, and we have seen great examples of UK firms adopting tech—artificial intelligence, in particular—ahead of their international peers.
We want to do all we can to support companies in this area, and I am determined to take action on that.
I welcome the Secretary of State to her place.
Small businesses in my constituency are vital to economic growth.
What is her Department doing to ensure that small businesses can benefit from innovation and new technology?
The hon.
Gentleman raises a really important point.
My own constituency is dominated by small businesses, and one issue that they always raise is that we are great at start-ups in this country but we need to do more to help those companies to scale up.
I am new in the job and open to ideas, so if the hon.
Gentleman and the businesses in his constituency would like to say what they think they need to help them go from start-up to scale-up, I would be more than happy to listen to them.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
I thank the outgoing ministerial team for their engagement as I congratulate the new team on succeeding to this important and inspiring brief.
The Government are committed to transforming public services through the adoption of new technologies.
At the June spending review, Departments published their plans to deploy technologies to achieve efficiencies, but we are yet to see the detailed and fully funded road map for delivery promised by DSIT for this summer.
Will the Secretary of State commit to publishing a road map that sets out what will be delivered, who will deliver it and by when, and how much it will cost, before her appearance before my Committee as part of our digital centre of government inquiry in November?
I have a feeling that will be one of the gentler questions that my hon.
Friend asks me over the coming months.
I am a passionate public service reformer and I believe there is huge potential for technology and AI to deliver better outcomes for the people who use services and better value for taxpayers’ money.
I will definitely provide her with more detail on the questions that she asked, but let me give a fantastic example from my previous role.
In our jobcentres in Wales, there were big queues for work coaches who were helping people do their CVs.
They used AI, and it was better for the people who used the service and freed up the work  coaches to spend time with the people who most needed help.
That is a small example; we have to do more, and I will absolutely commit to setting out our further plans.
What steps her Department is taking to hold technology companies accountable for the content on their platforms.
What steps her Department is taking to hold technology companies accountable for the content on their platforms.
Minister, welcome.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.