The Prime Minister will be aware that rural funding is always an issue and that the delivery of rural services is always a challenge.
Will he arrange for the relevant Minister at the Home Office to meet me and senior officials in that fire service to discuss the needs of our rural area to ensure that my constituents and those across the counties of Dorset and Wiltshire are kept as safe as they possibly can be?
I am very sorry to hear about the case that the hon.
Gentleman raises, and I am sure that the thoughts of the whole House will be with the friends and family of the constituent that he referenced.
Indeed, our thoughts are with all those affected, particularly farmers, and I want to join him in thanking our firefighters, who have worked tirelessly to keep people safe.
We have provided Dorset and Wiltshire fire and rescue authority with an increased budget of almost £75 million, but I will ensure that he gets the meeting he has asked for to ensure that we can properly support our firefighters and protect our farmland.
This morning, I spoke to the parents of a young man who is unemployed in my constituency.
There are  20 people on the dole in my area for every job that is advertised.
Unemployment is a personal crisis and a social crisis.
Will the Prime Minister join me in reminding the House that unemployment is not a price worth paying, which the Conservatives clearly believe, and will he indicate that he will break with the failed economic orthodoxy that suggests that such a thing is true?
I am pleased that the employment rate is up, that inactivity is down and that we have created over 380,000 jobs since we have been in power.
Going further, I know that my hon.
Friend, as a proud Yorkshireman, will welcome the reopening of Doncaster Sheffield airport just yesterday, which was made possible by the decisions we have made.
That is a Labour mayor working with a Labour Government to create jobs across the country.
Fifty-one Israeli arms companies are exhibiting at the Defence and Security Equipment International arms fair in London this week, and some of them even boast that their products are battle tested.
We all know what that means: that they have been used to kill men, women and children.
This Government often ask us what more we expect them to do when it comes to Gaza.
Here is one thing: will be Prime Minister stop Israeli arms dealers parading their Gaza-tested weapons on UK soil?
We have very clear and strict rules in relation to this, and we have taken action in relation to arms sales.
I thank the Prime Minister for his sympathy and words of condolence following the sudden and untimely death of Hefin David, our Welsh Member of the Senedd for Caerphilly.
His contributions over the past 18 years as a councillor and as a Member of the Senedd since 2016 were always relevant, witty and incisive, and our thoughts are with his partner and his family.
Drone Evolution, a manufacturer based in Caerphilly, and Airbus in Newport West are just two of the companies that will benefit from Labour’s investment in defence.
Can I welcome the new defence industrial strategy and ask the Prime Minister to update the House on how the new defence growth zones will create more jobs across Wales and beyond?
Hefin was a proud Welshman and a champion for Caerphilly.
We send our love and support to his partner, Vikki, and his daughters, family and friends.
Wales has a thriving defence sector and I am delighted that it will host one of our new defence growth zones.
That is investing £250 million to make defence an engine for jobs and growth across the United Kingdom.