Regrettably, it has been continually delayed by events in the region, but we hope to have it soon.
Qatar is an ally, and a key negotiator and mediator in Gaza ceasefire talks.
Through committing atrocities in Gaza, illegal settlements in the west bank, marching into Syria, and attacking Lebanon, Iran, Yemen and now Qatar, this Israeli Government have proven themselves to be a rogue ally to us and a dangerous neighbour.
At what point does the UK draw a line in the sand and call out this Israeli Government for what they are—a danger to peace in the middle east?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his long commitment to these issues.
He has heard my condemnation, as well as that of the previous Foreign Secretary, the current Foreign Secretary and the Prime Minister, of many of the Israeli Government’s actions in relation to Gaza, the west bank and elsewhere.
Where we disagree with the Israeli Government, we are clear and forceful in saying so.
Given that Israel continues to act with impunity, what new levers will our Government use to take actions that are within its powers, such as restrictions on travel and trade, air and sea delivery of aid—given that land delivery is so appalling—and in relation to the F-35?
We are breaching international humanitarian laws; can we please stop doing so?
I do not like to get ahead of the courts on the question of the F-35.
There was extensive legal argumentation in the Al-Haq case, which did not find in the way the hon.
Gentleman suggests.
Turning to the question of air and sea access to Gaza, both methods have been tried.
The UK supported airdrops alongside our Jordanian partners over the summer, such was our desperation to get aid into the strip.
However, we cannot escape the fact that airdrops are a pinprick at best, given the overall scale of need.
There is an aid operation that works and has a track record, which is the United Nations operation.
And sea?
Sea was also tried, particularly during the late period of President Biden, but was not found to be an effective mechanism for getting aid in.
Where we can get aid in—even in small amounts—we will do so, but I cannot pretend from this Dispatch Box that any methods other than the land routes and UN support can reach the scale that is required to meet the need.
I am pleased to see the Minister back at the Dispatch Box, although I am not sure whether he is equally pleased to come back to the Chamber once again to answer questions about the illegal actions of the Israeli Government.
We  have a situation in which one of our allies has unlawfully attacked another of our allies.
Given that we are rightly standing with the Qataris, is it not time we recognised that because of their actions in Doha and their continuous starvation and murder of innocent civilians in Gaza, this right-wing Israeli Government and this extreme right-wing Israeli Prime Minister are no longer allies of ours?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his kind words about my reappointment.
I recognise the force of what he has said about Israeli politics; it is not appropriate for one Foreign Minister to comment on the internal politics of another country, but from the sanctions I announced from this Dispatch Box in June, the House can see the strength of this Government’s feeling about—for example—the rhetoric of Mr Smotrich and that of Mr Ben-Gvir.
It has been deeply disheartening to see that rhetoric repeated over the course of the summer, but where we can, we demonstrate in the strongest possible way the strength of our feeling on these questions.
The events that took place earlier this week in Jerusalem, and yesterday, prove that the two extremes in this conflict have no interest in peace.