The Minister will be aware, for example, of Morocco and its work and leadership in achieving the Abraham accords.
What does he think this attack has done to them, and what confidence can they have that Israel is now truly embarked on a quest for peace in the region?
Even in advance of the events yesterday, nations in the region that had taken the step of signing the Abraham accords were signalling disquiet, most obviously and signally the United Arab Emirates, which released an important statement on this question.
I will not seek to speak for our Arab allies, but I am sure that they will be looking at the events yesterday with great concern, and I am sure that the right hon.
Gentleman will have seen the number of statements that have issued from the region over the last 24 hours.
A man-made famine in Gaza, increased settler violence in the west bank, and now this attack on sovereign Qatar: I fear that these are not the actions of an Israeli Government committed to peace.
With that in mind, will my hon.
Friend urge the Foreign Secretary to speak to our friends and allies and find out what more we can do to pile concrete pressure on the Israeli Government to get round the table and seek that ceasefire that we so badly need?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his commitment to these issues, and I can confirm that the Foreign Secretary is, practically as we speak, in consultations with friends and allies about what further steps we might take.
I have said this before, but so many constituents from Yeovil—some as young as 11—have told me that they are so frustrated that Britain is not doing more.
Will the Minister reassure my constituents that the Government are doing all they can  to make sure that these strikes do not break down the peace process completely and that enough aid gets into Gaza now?
The hon.
Gentleman’s young constituents are absolutely right, and I can reassure them that we are doing everything we can to try to ensure that the mediation continues, that progress towards a ceasefire is made and, of course, that aid gets into Gaza.
Blessed are the peacemakers, or so we are told—so it seems particularly wicked that Israel can deliberately target the country that is doing more to promote peace than any other in the region.
Is the tragedy of the middle east not that the Palestinians in Gaza and the Israelis in Israel are governed by deeply unpopular extremists who have no interest in peace, on either side?
After this week’s appalling murder at a bus stop in Jerusalem, the Israeli Government imposed collective punishment on the villages where those terrorists came from, removing hundreds of work permits and proceeding to start demolishing many homes.
Does Netanyahu’s decision to bomb Qatar not prove beyond doubt that he does not care about the hostages, that they are collateral damage as much as any Palestinian child, and that Israel is now a rogue state?
Must not the UK put in place severe sanctions against this rogue state to prove our word?
I am glad to be answering questions from my hon.
Friend again, as he has been a persistent advocate on these matters.
There is deep concern about events.
The attack in Jerusalem was horrific, as I said to  the hon.
Member for Harrow East (Bob Blackman) .
The developments in the west bank, both over the summer and before, are deeply concerning, and I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising them.
We will continue to keep all measures under review, as he would expect.
We have taken far-reaching actions, with three waves of sanctions targeted in particular on violent settlers.
We will continue to keep such options under review as developments proceed.
Let us look at the facts behind Israel’s strike.