These dangerous conspiracies cost lives, and this shows that Reform cannot be trusted with our NHS.
Sunnica solar farm, which runs through my constituency, was given permission by this Government, and there are more solar farm applications in the pipeline.
My constituents are concerned that these applications are being made without a land use framework, which would have provided reassurance that the competing demands for land are balanced effectively.
Will the Prime Minister commit to giving the land use framework statutory weight to ensure that land is used strategically to get the best out of it for new clean, renewable energy that genuinely benefits communities and for farmers, nature, water and housing?
It is important that we move to renewables in order to have energy independence and to keep our bills down, and this will benefit lots of communities, including the hon.
Member’s.
I want to reassure her constituents that we will of course follow process and that they will always have a say in any decisions that we make.
The leasehold system is fundamentally broken.
Thousands of leaseholders in Hendon are getting a raw deal, paying ever-rising service charges for ever-poorer service.
That is why I welcome the Government’s commitment to ending the feudal system of leasehold once and for all.
Will the Prime Minister share with the House what actions the Government are taking to help leaseholders and bring in a system of commonhold?
The previous Government shattered the dream of home ownership.
We are reforming the outdated system so that leaseholders receive stronger rights, powers and protections.
We will bring to an end the feudal leasehold system, reinvigorate commonhold and deliver the biggest boost to social affordable housing in a generation.
Since May, my constituent Sue has received thousands of pounds-worth of fines after a criminal gang in London cloned her number plate and went on a rampage through the capital.
In an age of increasingly sophisticated digital security, the number registration system seems like a remarkably analogue anachronism—it is ripe for abuse and it is failing drivers.
Will the Prime Minister look at and pick up my Vehicle Registration Marks (Misuse and Offences) Bill, which I presented last week, to strengthen the legislation and ensure that police services have the tools they require to tackle that growing crime and protect law-abiding motorists?
I am sorry to hear about the hon.
Gentleman’s constituent.
That is an awful situation for anyone to find themselves in.
I will of course look at his Bill.
I am sure that the Prime Minister recalls visiting the Ukrainian community in Acton with me soon after Putin’s illegal invasion.
They still remember it fondly.
They want me to ask him whether, next week at Trump’s state visit, he will harness to the max his unique role—with influence in the US and the coalition of the willing in Europe—and redouble all efforts to find a just  peace, with security guarantees for them and war crimes punished, so that we can end this war, which has gone on far too long?
I do recall that visit—it was extremely good and very welcoming.
Our support for Ukraine remains unwavering.
The attack last night in Poland shows that Putin’s belief is that he can somehow act with impunity.
That is why we are working so hard with the coalition of the willing to ensure that there are security guarantees as we go forward.
We have made real progress in recent weeks; we must continue to ramp up the pressure on Putin.
Today is the 10th annual Back British Farming Day.
Given that the Prime Minister has been so keen on resets in recent weeks, will he reset his relationship with our farmers and reverse the family farm tax?
Let me tell the House what we are doing.
We are working with the former President of the National Farmers Union, Baroness Minette Batters, to review farm profitability—that is the key issue.