He rightly calls for a ceasefire; when will he call what is happening in Gaza a genocide?
President Herzog is in the UK on a private visit, so I would not characterise the visit as one for which the red carpet has been rolled out.
I reiterate that so many colleagues on the Government Benches, and I am sure colleagues on the Opposition Benches as well, are rightly very conscious of the urgency of helping people out of Gaza, ensuring that aid gets in, and ensuring that there is a ceasefire.
President Herzog is the Head of State; he is not a functional part of the Government.
He is an important conduit for raising those concerns.
This morning, among other things, the Foreign Secretary sought to ensure greater support from the Israeli Government for getting children with injuries, and students, out of Gaza.
These are difficult, practical matters on which we are focused.
I understand that some Opposition Members would perhaps prefer that we did not conduct such talks, but the Government and I are focused on the practical problems of helping people in Gaza, and the Foreign Secretary has already raised them with the President this morning.
This morning on Radio 4, an Israeli politician, Fleur Hassan-Nahoum, offered no apology for the Israeli attacks on Qatar and could not explain what makes Israel exempt from international law and able to act with impunity.
How does the Minister justify the genocidal comments of President Herzog?
These individuals must be held accountable.
What we are seeing is not diplomacy—it is shameful complicity.
Does the Minister agree that today’s meeting with Herzog should never have taken place?
I set out the position in relation to President Herzog’s visit just a minute ago.
I am not familiar with the Israeli politician in question, but I can say that the UK considers international law to be binding on all states.
Despite the atrocious terrorist attack in Jerusalem, I have to agree with  the hon.
Member for Walthamstow (Ms Creasy)  when she says that blowing up the enemy’s negotiators does not exactly suggest an interest in a negotiated solution.
However, I would like clarification on the Government’s position on recognition of a Palestinian state.
On  1 September , the then Foreign Secretary said that he proposed to recognise a Palestinian state, but that Hamas would not benefit from it, because they would have to be disarmed.
Does that mean that Hamas  must be disarmed before recognition, or will recognition go ahead, as seems to be the case, whether Hamas are disarmed or not?
The Prime Minister and the Foreign Secretary then and now have been clear that the Prime Minister will make a determination in advance of the UN General Assembly high-level week, in accordance with the language set out in the statement of July.
The right hon.
Member makes important points about what the previous Foreign Secretary said about Hamas.
We must remember that Hamas are not in favour of two states; they are in favour of one state from the river to the sea, and that is not the position of the British Government, and nor is it should we take the decisions outlined in July.
We all want to see peace, the hostages returned and an end to the man-made famine in Gaza, but this attack on a sovereign nation so closely tied to the peace talks undermines all that.
It is as awful as it is counterproductive, so what can we do to ensure that the pursuit of peace is more than just lip service for the Netanyahu Government?
My hon.
Friend has been a persistent advocate on these questions, and I look forward to continuing to answer his questions from the Dispatch Box.
He should not, though, be more pessimistic about the prospects of continued mediation and the Qataris themselves, particularly given that they are very much on the closest edge to this issue.