My hon.
Friend has been a persistent advocate on these questions, and I look forward to continuing to answer his questions from the Dispatch Box.
He should not, though, be more pessimistic about the prospects of continued mediation and the Qataris themselves, particularly given that they are very much on the closest edge to this issue.
We will continue to support them in their efforts.
They are vital and, for all the reasons we have discussed this afternoon, the only way through.
We keep talking about a ceasefire, but how can one be achieved if one side is intent on killing the negotiators from the other?
Attacking peace negotiators is simply reprehensible and undermines any possibility of the only thing—dialogue—that has any chance of bringing a resolution to the horrors in Gaza.
It is not the action of a state seeking peace; it is the action of a rogue state operating with impunity completely outside international law, crossing red line after red line.
I ask the Minister again: given that repeated crossing of new red lines, what action will he match his condemnation with?
Will he stop all arms sales, all military co-operation, all intelligence-sharing and all defence deals, current and future, with Israel?
Will he sanction Netanyahu and all officials complicit in the war crimes and genocide in Gaza?
I have set out already in this session our condemnation of the strikes, the sanctions taken against extremist figures in the Israeli Government and the other measures we have taken.
In relation to action that follows from the strike on Doha, the Foreign Secretary will shortly be in touch with her E3 colleagues, and we hope that there will be a Security Council session this evening.
I thank the Minister for his statement.
I do pray that one day he will come to the Dispatch Box with good news for us, to  be frank.
In my surgery at Oxgangs library on Saturday, a UK-Palestinian woman came to see me.
She brought date cookies, which had been freshly made by her mother.
I had hoped to save one for you, Mr Speaker, but it proved not to be possible.
She spoke passionately, and she was really concerned about the visit of the Israeli President to the UK.
I spoke about what the Government have been doing and actions that I have supported that I believe have saved lives.
But with what we have seen in Qatar, I think Netanyahu has made a fool of us, and I fear that he will continue to make a fool of us.
Is it time to change direction to avoid this happening again—to avoid us taking a stand, demanding a ceasefire and Netanyahu just laughing at us?
I am disappointed that my hon.
Friend’s constituent did not reserve a cookie for me, but I am grateful for the important question that she asks.
For the reasons I set out before, it is important that we continue to engage directly with the Israeli Government, particularly on questions such as the evacuation of vulnerable people from Gaza, on which Israel’s co-operation is essential for any further progress.
Several of our partners in the region—in north Africa and the middle east—have expended a great deal of political capital in trying to achieve a rapprochement with Israel in recent years.
The Minister will be aware, for example, of Morocco and its work and leadership in achieving the Abraham accords.
What does he think this attack has done to them, and what confidence can they have that Israel is now truly embarked on a quest for peace in the region?
Even in advance of the events yesterday, nations in the region that had taken the step of signing the Abraham accords were signalling disquiet, most obviously and signally the United Arab Emirates, which released an important statement on this question.