Given that the Prime Minister has been so keen on resets in recent weeks, will he reset his relationship with our farmers and reverse the family farm tax?
Let me tell the House what we are doing.
We are working with the former President of the National Farmers Union, Baroness Minette Batters, to review farm profitability—that is the key issue.
We are delivering the 25-year farming road map, and we  have struck a deal with the EU, which is of great benefit to farmers, and which of course the Conservatives say they will reverse.
That is on top of the £5 billion that we put into farming in our last Budget.
Today is World Suicide Prevention Day.
It can be scary to talk about suicide, but we need to.
So many of our constituents will know or love someone who has taken their own life, or they may have suicidal thoughts themselves.
But suicide is not inevitable; it is preventable, and everyone has a role to play in saving lives.
Will the Prime Minister reaffirm the Government’s commitment to preventing deaths by suicide and say how they are tackling this vital issue?
May I start by thanking and paying tribute to my hon.
Friend for her work as my Parliamentary Private Secretary for the past 14 months?
She has worked tirelessly and with huge commitment and respect across the whole of this House.
I think that suicide prevention matters to everybody in this House.
I will reaffirm our commitment and I will work across the House with all Members to deal with suicide prevention.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs to make a statement on the implications of Israel’s strike in Qatar for peace and stability in the middle east and for UK foreign policy.
The UK Government are deeply concerned by Israel’s strike in Doha yesterday.
As the House heard a few minutes ago from the Prime Minister, he and the Foreign Secretary have condemned these flagrant violations of Qatar’s sovereignty, which will set back the cause for peace and risk further escalation in the region.
The Prime Minister has spoken to the Emir of Qatar to express the UK’s solidarity and support and to reaffirm our shared commitment to regional stability.
The Prime Minister also gave his condolences for the death of a Qatari security officer killed in the attack.
Sadly, Qatar’s Ministry of Interior has overnight confirmed the death of a second person.
Qatar is playing a critical role in mediating the conflict, driving efforts to secure a ceasefire and to facilitate vital humanitarian access to Gaza.
That must remain the priority.
This Government continue to support it in its efforts to push for an immediate ceasefire, the release of all hostages cruelly detained by Hamas, the protection of civilians and the unrestricted flow of aid into Gaza as the vital first steps towards long-term peace and stability.
That is the only way to achieve lasting peace and security for Palestinians and Israelis alike.
That is why we are working with partners to develop a framework for peace that addresses governance, security, humanitarian access and political reform.
Negotiation, not more violence, is the way to achieve that.
We are actively working together with our international partners, including the G7 and the UN Security Council, to co-ordinate efforts aimed at de-escalation and to reiterate our full support for the sovereignty of Qatar.
Earlier this week, the Prime Minister met President Abbas to discuss the intolerable situation in Gaza, the need for an urgent solution to end horrific suffering and famine, and the Palestinian Authority’s reform agenda, which is vital for a two-state solution.
Today the Prime Minister will meet President Herzog of Israel and reiterate the UK’s grave concern following yesterday’s strikes, and reiterate that man-made famine in Gaza must end and the renewed offensive in Gaza must not happen.