I recognise the force of what he has said about Israeli politics; it is not appropriate for one Foreign Minister to comment on the internal politics of another country, but from the sanctions I announced from this Dispatch Box in June, the House can see the strength of this Government’s feeling about—for example—the rhetoric of Mr Smotrich and that of Mr Ben-Gvir.
It has been deeply disheartening to see that rhetoric repeated over the course of the summer, but where we can, we demonstrate in the strongest possible way the strength of our feeling on these questions.
The events that took place earlier this week in Jerusalem, and yesterday, prove that the two extremes in this conflict have no interest in peace.
Hamas benefits from the violence, and the right wing of the Israeli Government also profits as it seeks to expand Israel’s territory and subject the Palestinian people.
I entirely agree with my right hon.
Friend  the Member for North West Hampshire (Kit Malthouse)  and amplify the points that he made.
Following yesterday’s events, Trump and the American Administration appear to be as annoyed with Israel as the rest of the world are, so is it now time to call Israel’s bluff through the United Nations?
Is it not time to seek the engagement of blue helmets or some similar force, to enable us to say, “We, as an international community, have people on the ground.
Don’t you dare fire into that area.
Let us now trigger peace talks.”
Without that catalyst, those two extremes will just continue, along with the performative merry-go-round of “Here we go again”, condemnation, and another statement or urgent question.
I fear that in three or four years’ time, there will be rubble in Gaza, the Israeli Government will be even more of a rogue Government, and we will be no further forward.
The right hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right about the risks in Gaza—we have seen that rubble grow.
The British Government would support international forces going into Gaza with the agreement of the parties.
In response to  the right hon.
Member for North West Hampshire (Kit Malthouse) , I spoke about my own experience of the limitations on peacekeeping forces where there is no peace to enforce.
We are depressingly clear-eyed about the continuing intent on both sides to continue conducting violence, exactly as the right hon.
Gentleman has described.
In the past month alone, Israel has bombed Palestine, Lebanon, Syria, Tunisia and Yemen.
Yesterday, for the first time, it bombed Qatar.
What is the Government’s legal assessment of the strikes on Qatar, and do they consider them to be a violation of international law?
We utterly condemn the violation of Qatar’s sovereignty, as the House heard from the Prime Minister this morning.
As my hon.
Friend  the Member for Rugby (John Slinger)  set out, the international legal tests are to do with imminence and self-defence.
There will be a session of the UN Security Council, and it will be for Israel to demonstrate how its actions are consistent with those tests.
Today of all days, after an illegal attack on peace brokers Qatar, it is shocking to see the UK roll out the red carpet for President Herzog, who has dehumanised suffering Palestinians and incited violence against civilians.
The Minister’s Government are being seen to pander to politicians who flout international law.
He rightly calls for a ceasefire; when will he call what is happening in Gaza a genocide?
President Herzog is in the UK on a private visit, so I would not characterise the visit as one for which the red carpet has been rolled out.
I reiterate that so many colleagues on the Government Benches, and I am sure colleagues on the Opposition Benches as well, are rightly very conscious of the urgency of helping people out of Gaza, ensuring that aid gets in, and ensuring that there is a ceasefire.