We send our love and support to his partner, Vikki, and his daughters, family and friends.
Wales has a thriving defence sector and I am delighted that it will host one of our new defence growth zones.
That is investing £250 million to make defence an engine for jobs and growth across the United Kingdom.
That is what we get when we have a Labour Government in both Cardiff and Westminster working together to deliver for Wales.
My local borough commander in Romford tells me how much valuable police time is being wasted investigating trivial social media posts and non-crime hate incidents.
Should the police not be patrolling our streets rather than moderating the internet?
Will the Prime Minister commit to urgently updating the Public Order Act 1986 to reflect the realities of the digital age, so that our police are focused on tackling real crime and upholding freedom of speech, rather than suppressing it?
I have been clear on a number of occasions: I do want the police to concentrate on serious crime and on crime that matters most to our communities in each of our constituencies.
I have said that before, and I say it again today.
People in Crackley and Bradwell and right across Newcastle-under-Lyme are sick and tired of antisocial behaviour going untackled.
I welcome the Government’s commitment to taking back our streets, but we need action.
Will the Prime Minister join me in urging the Conservative police commissioner in Staffordshire to use the resources that he has been given to support our local police and finally get a grip, so that my constituents can live their lives free of hassle and, most importantly, safely?
The Conservatives decimated neighbourhood policing.
People should feel safe in their communities, and that is exactly why we have committed to putting 13,000 additional police personnel back in our town centres and communities.
That means there will be a named police officer in every community, armed with tough new respect orders to break up antisocial behaviour.
These powers are contained in our Crime and Policing Bill, which the Conservatives and Reform voted against.
His Majesty’s Prison Stoke Heath in Shropshire has seen six deaths in custody in less than two years.
That is above the national average.
Will the Prime Minister join me in calling on the Ministry of Justice to ensure that there are enough resources and that the right governance is in place at Stoke Heath?
The Secretary of State for Justice will look into the matter and take up the suggestion, and I will arrange for a meeting as soon as possible.
Vaccinations were invented in Berkeley in my constituency 230 years ago and, as a GP, I have jabbed literally thousands of children and adults.
Will the Prime Minister update the House about our new roll-out of chickenpox vaccinations, which will further protect our children?
Will he also join me in condemning other political parties that give a platform to people who spread false rumours about vaccination?
My hon.
Friend speaks with great authority, and I am proud that Labour is protecting 500,000 children by rolling out chickenpox vaccines.
In stark contrast, the man who wrote Reform’s health policy has made shocking and baseless claims that vaccines are linked to cancer, and that has been endorsed by the Reform leader,  the hon.
Member for Clacton (Nigel Farage) —[Interruption.]
They laugh at it.
These dangerous conspiracies cost lives, and this shows that Reform cannot be trusted with our NHS.
Sunnica solar farm, which runs through my constituency, was given permission by this Government, and there are more solar farm applications in the pipeline.
My constituents are concerned that these applications are being made without a land use framework, which would have provided reassurance that the competing demands for land are balanced effectively.