I will always be driven by evidence.
I want to protect people’s rights to privacy, but I want to make sure that nothing is done that will put people at risk.
If the hon.
Member has evidence and wants to send that to me, I am more than happy to look at it, because I want to take the action required.
I have been contacted by many constituents worried about the implementation of the Act.
For example, Emily, who is home-schooled and has ME, struggles to access things that help with her learning and her rural isolation.
Alexander says that he has accessed gambling sites, but cannot access suicide prevention content.
As we mark World Suicide Prevention Day, how can we make sure that the Act is a little more nuanced?
I am glad that the hon.
Lady has mentioned that today is World Suicide Prevention Day.
Anyone who has experienced it in relation to their family or friends, or in their constituency, knows how devastating it can be.
The hon.
Lady raises an important issue.
From my constituency experience, children and young people want to benefit from all the opportunities and learning they can, but sometimes it is difficult to get it right.
It is a complex issue.
As a new Secretary of State, I need to get into the detail, but I will always listen.
When the evidence is there, I hope to take the appropriate action.
I call the shadow Minister.
I welcome the Secretary of State and the new ministerial team to their places, and thank the former team, who I have very much enjoyed sparring with over the past few months.
In light of the report of the Department’s plans to review the implementation of the Online Safety Act, can the Secretary of State confirm the scope of that review, including whether it will address the apparent confusion in the media between the powers of the Online Safety Act and the Public Order Act 1986?
Will the review look at age verification to ensure that people’s data is safe and secure, and that the pass schemes they use are trusted?
Will it tackle the use of VPNs, particularly by children, to get around age verification?
I am always driven by the evidence.
We need to see how the Act is being implemented and whether and how it works, and that is the absolute priority for me.
I will look at any evidence that hon.
Members provide, but the key thing for me is that we are taking action.
We have one of the strongest protections anywhere in the world, but I am very interested in the issue of addiction in children online and in how behaviours can become addictive.
In this very fast-moving world, we need to be fleet of foot.
I think the truth is that the technology develops much faster than we make legislation, and that is a nut that we have to crack.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I, too, thank the previous ministerial team and welcome the new one—I very much look forward to working together.
Following the roll-out of the Online Safety Act, there is evidence that harmful content is still being algorithmically shown to young children and that artificial intelligence technologies, which have been linked to teenage deaths, are not covered properly in the Act, and concerns have been raised about data protection and inappropriately age-gated educational content.
We must get the Act right, so will the Secretary of State consider our calls for a digital Bill of Rights to set the standard, in order that we can truly adapt to this era of technological change?
We do need to adapt to this age of phenomenal technological development.
I have already had a discussion with the chief executive of Ofcom and I intend to meet many other organisations, including those that champion stronger protections for children online.
The hon.