I welcome the new Secretary of State to her place and, of course, I welcome her stellar team.
The Minister of State, Department for Science, Innovation and Technology,  the right hon.
Member for Edinburgh South (Ian Murray) , is so hot that he snared two jobs from the guy who just fired him.
The Tech Secretary replaces the Ozempic of Whitehall,  the right hon.
Member for Hove and Portslade (Peter Kyle) , who claimed that his digital plan would shear £45 billion of fat from the Government.
By how much did it cut the civil service?
I believe that using tech and AI to modernise our public services enables the people who work in the public sector to spend more time on the things they want to spend time on—serving the users of  public services—and less time on red tape and bureaucracy, much of which was put in place by the hon.
Lady’s Government.
I fully agree with the right hon.
Lady, but the number of civil servants has risen to a 20-year high under Labour.
If somebody in the private sector led a reverse efficiency drive, they would get sacked; Labour made the person responsible Business Secretary.
For a welfare meltdown, you get to be the Minister for the future, but while AI is screaming for cheap electricity, the Prime Minister cannot sack his failing Energy Secretary.
Why should the tech sector believe that this is a Government of delivery?
Because this Government believe that science, technology and innovation are how this country will seize the opportunities of the future.
Unlike Opposition Members, we are determined to deliver that change for people in every part of the country, no matter where they live, because our people are our best asset.
We want to grow the economy, transform our public services, and sort out the mess left by Opposition Members.
Too  many of my constituents in Lichfield, Burntwood and the villages are struggling with appalling mobile signal.
It is a problem we see across the country, and it is often worse in rural areas.
What steps are the ministerial team taking to ensure that the Government’s review of the mobile market leads to a faster roll-out of 5G?
We cannot ensure that everybody in this country benefits from being online and from developments unless everybody is joined up to fast broadband.
We have put £1.8 billion over the spending review period into making connectivity work.
I am working closely with Building Digital UK; if my hon.
Friend has concerns about his constituents, he should come and meet me and Building Digital UK to get them online, because that is how they will seize the opportunities of the future.
The Prime Minister was asked—
If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 10 September.
I start, Mr Speaker, by expressing our sincere condolences to His Majesty the King and the royal family on the death of Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent.
Her life was filled with compassion and dignity.
She dutifully supported our late Queen Elizabeth II, comforted the runner-up at Wimbledon, and worked anonymously as a music teacher in Hull—typical of her unassuming nature and human touch.
I am sure the thoughts of the whole House are with His Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, his family, and all those whose lives she touched.
Turning to other events, I condemn the strikes that Israel carried out in Doha yesterday.
They violate Qatar’s sovereignty and do nothing to secure the peace that the  UK and so many of our allies are committed to.
I spoke to the Emir of Qatar last night, soon after the attack, to convey our support and solidarity.
He was crystal clear that notwithstanding the attacks, he will continue to work on a diplomatic solution to achieve a ceasefire and a two-state outcome, on which he and I are of the same mind.