I call Dame Emily Thornberry, Chair of the Select Committee.
What happened overnight illustrates a huge problem that the new Foreign Secretary will need to deal with; I am pleased that the Minister will be ably helping her.
The problem is this: there is an emboldened, far-right Israeli Government who believe that they can do whatever they like and there will be no consequences, while on the other hand the country of Qatar is genuinely working towards peace.
I know the Minister has met the Qatari Ministers; I have met them too.
They could not be more sincere in the efforts they are making, yet they get bombed for their efforts.
The question for the new Foreign Secretary is how we can make sure that we are not just bystanders but play an active role in dealing with this issue.
How will the Prime Minister be able to convey such a message to President Herzog this afternoon?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for the question.
It is vital that at such serious moments that the UN Security Council plays its full part, so I can confirm to her that the UK is supporting calls for an emergency session of the UN Security Council this evening.
The Foreign Secretary will be joining calls with  her E3 counterparts this afternoon, and we will be discussing this matter, as my right hon.
Friend would expect, with a range of G7 allies, including the United States.
We come now to shadow Foreign Secretary.
This is clearly a very, very serious moment for the middle east.
No one in this House wants to see a spiral of escalation of hostilities.
Both Israel and Qatar are important and valued strategic partners for the United Kingdom, and we value and recognise the extensive efforts by the Qatari Government to secure the release of hostages and work towards securing a ceasefire.
It is tragic, as the Minister has highlighted, that security guards were killed in this attack, but there are some fundamental issues here, and many of these points have been made from the Dispatch Box time and again.
This is a moment for our country.
Britain must contribute and provide the British expertise necessary for conflict resolution and support strong regional initiatives, including backing Qatar and the Qataris on releasing the hostages and achieving a ceasefire.
On top of that, of course, we must work with our allies in the United States, and next week’s visit from President Trump is a crucial moment.
There can be no more equivocation, as this issue continues to afflict the region day after day after day.
It is also true that we certainly should not be mourning the Hamas leaders who have been killed.
Hamas have held innocent hostages in terrorist captivity for over 700 days, and they were responsible for the atrocities of  7 October 2023 , which also killed British nationals.
In recent months, Israel has been removing terrorist actors across the middle east—the leadership of the Houthis, Hezbollah and malign individuals in the Iranian regime too.
That means that our Government must play a strong role and stand firm on degrading Iran’s nuclear capabilities and that malign influence in the region.
In recognising the sensitivity of the situation in the Gulf, will the Minister confirm what actions he and the FCDO will take to stabilise efforts to secure the release of the hostages; what proactive steps are being taken to degrade Hamas and their capabilities; and, of course, how we can work constructively with our partners in the region to drive the right outcomes, including achieving a ceasefire?
I thank the right hon.
Lady for those important questions.
The British Government are fully committed, with our Gulf and G7 partners, to efforts to ensure that the current negotiations come to the conclusions that we wish to see.