We have taken far-reaching actions, with three waves of sanctions targeted in particular on violent settlers.
We will continue to keep such options under review as developments proceed.
Let us look at the facts behind Israel’s strike.
We have a bunch of terrorists who have been sitting in the safety of Qatar for years, organising and financing acts of terror, including the mass murder of civilians in Israel this week, and boasting about their involvement in it.
Is it not an advance that those people are eliminated and it is made clear to them that they will face the consequences of the terror that they organise?
Is showing them that they will be pursued and punished, and that they will not win, not more likely to drive them to the peace table than to continue their acts of terror?
We have condemned the strike, and I do so again.
It violates Qatar’s sovereignty.
Obviously, the question of the facts of the strike will now be contested, and, as I said earlier, the Qatari Government are releasing those facts as they conduct a full investigation.
Regardless of anybody else, there were Qatari officials killed in the strike, and it was a violation of Qatar’s sovereignty.
For that reason alone, it is worth condemning.
What security information is now shared with Israel?
Is the information collected by the more than 600 Royal Air Force flights over Gaza being used to guide the Israeli bombardment  of buildings in Gaza City and other places?
Are we still continuing security co-operation with a country that has bombed almost every neighbouring state over the past year?
For reasons the House will understand, I will not give a lengthy commentary on security and intelligence matters, but I can confirm to the right hon.
Gentleman that we do not provide any information to aid in targeting strikes in Gaza in the way that he described.
As a seasoned diplomat, does the Minister recognise that there is a danger that we are holding Israel to a different standard?
When the Americans reached out into Pakistan to snuff out Osama bin Laden, the architect of 9/11, we were taking them to the bar; when Israel reaches out with a precision decapitation strike on the leadership of Hamas, we want to take it to the bar of the international court.
The hon.
Gentleman does make me feel rather seasoned, as I was in Pakistan at that time.
As I said earlier, the tests in international law are self-defence and imminence.
Not every state agrees on the thresholds for those tests, but it is the expectation of the British Government with all our partners and allies—indeed, with every state—that they demonstrate how they are complying with international law regardless of who they are.
I am pleased to have the Minister’s confirmation that, despite yesterday’s egregious actions by Israel, Qatar will continue its commitment to pursue the peace that we all long for in the middle east.
To that end, the Government have said that they would commit to recognising a state of Palestine before the United Nations General Assembly if Israel failed to meet certain conditions.
Has Israel failed to meet those conditions, and will the Government recognise Palestine as a matter of urgency?