We are actively working together with our international partners, including the G7 and the UN Security Council, to co-ordinate efforts aimed at de-escalation and to reiterate our full support for the sovereignty of Qatar.
Earlier this week, the Prime Minister met President Abbas to discuss the intolerable situation in Gaza, the need for an urgent solution to end horrific suffering and famine, and the Palestinian Authority’s reform agenda, which is vital for a two-state solution.
Today the Prime Minister will meet President Herzog of Israel and reiterate the UK’s grave concern following yesterday’s strikes, and reiterate that man-made famine in Gaza must end and the renewed offensive in Gaza must not happen.
We will continue to push for a political resolution to end this conflict and strive towards a lasting peace.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, for granting my application for an urgent question.
I am grateful to the Minister for his statement.
Last night’s Israeli strikes against Hamas officials in Qatar heralded a new and grave escalation in this terrible conflict.
Prime Minister Netanyahu’s willingness to strike Doha will undermine efforts to secure the release of the hostages still held in Hamas captivity and set back the path to a desperately needed ceasefire.
Liberal Democrats have called for more diplomatic pressure to be placed on Hamas by the Qataris, including the threat to exile  the leadership of Hamas from Doha unless we see the immediate and unconditional release of the remaining hostages.
That is the kind of diplomatic pressure that must be brought to bear.
Instead, the Israeli Government have chosen a path that even President Trump, Netanyahu’s biggest cheerleader, appears appalled by.
Let me be clear.
Liberal Democrats support the right of the state of Israel to exist and its right to defend itself, like all nations, but Israel has obligations under international law and duties to its allies, both of which it has breached.
Can the Minister confirm whether any UK entity, including the joint command at the Al Udeid airbase, was informed by Israel of the attack in advance?
Will he confirm that, in addition to what he has already said, the Prime Minister, in his meeting with President Herzog today, will condemn yesterday’s attack in the strongest possible terms and make it clear that the UK views it as a flagrant breach of international law?
Last night’s strikes are inseparable from the ongoing humanitarian catastrophe in Gaza.
They have further eroded our collective hope for an end to the suffering of both Gazans and the hostages, so it is time for meaningful action by this Government.
Will the Minister confirm that the UK will take the steps necessary today to end the export of F-35 parts to Israel, and in the light of the further egregious breaches of international law directed by Netanyahu overnight, that President Netanyahu will be sanctioned?
Mr Speaker, as you would expect and as is our usual practice, I will not be commenting on sanctions from the Dispatch Box.
The Prime Minister has set out to this House his intentions for his meeting with President Herzog later.
I can confirm that the Foreign Secretary met President Herzog this morning and raised these points among a range of others, including the urgent need both to ensure that aid gets into Gaza and that there is further Israeli support for British efforts to medically evacuate injured children and to provide fully funded scholarships to the UK.
I call Dame Emily Thornberry, Chair of the Select Committee.
What happened overnight illustrates a huge problem that the new Foreign Secretary will need to deal with; I am pleased that the Minister will be ably helping her.
The problem is this: there is an emboldened, far-right Israeli Government who believe that they can do whatever they like and there will be no consequences, while on the other hand the country of Qatar is genuinely working towards peace.