Now we are stepping up defence spending, creating new jobs, driving up standards in our NHS and rebuilding our crumbling schools and hospitals.
This is a Government of patriots fighting for working people.
This Labour Government are getting our NHS back on its feet; there are 20,000 fewer patients on waiting lists at my local trust since the election, but there is still more to do, including making it easier to see a GP.
Will the Prime Minister set out how the Government will give my constituents in East Worthing and Shoreham access to the healthcare that they deserve?
I am pleased that we have made progress on the NHS.
We promised 2 million extra appointments in the first year of a Labour Government, and we have delivered not 2 million, not 3 million, but over 4 million extra appointments, with 2,000 extra GPs.
We are clearing up the dangerous reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete in our hospitals.
The national league tables that we published this week will ensure that investment goes where it is needed most, and our 10-year health plan will see neighbourhood health centres in every community, treating patients closer to home.
There is more to do, but we have made a lot of progress.
I call the leader of the Liberal Democrats.
I join the Prime Minister in sending our condolences to His Majesty and the royal family on the death of the Duchess of Kent.
I also echo the Prime Minister’s condemnation of Netanyahu’s attacks on Qatar.
Those are not the actions of a leader truly focused on getting hostages home.
I hope that the Prime Minister will say that directly to President Herzog later today.
On World Suicide Prevention Day, I thank all who are working to prevent suicides, from professionals to charities like the Samaritans.
When I talk to parents of disabled children, there is one complaint about Government that comes up time and again: all the hoops that parents must jump through, be it dealing with EHCPs, the DWP or HMRC.
Caring is exhausting enough without all the forms, and the rules that show no understanding of the realities of life as a carer.
That is something that Emily and I know well, and something that the former Deputy Prime Minister brought attention to last week.
Will the Prime Minister work with carers across the House to overhaul systems for family carers, so that Government works much better for people looking after their loved ones?
I agree with the right hon.
Gentleman; there are too many hurdles and too many hoops that have to be gone through.
That is why we are simplifying the system, and we will, of course, work across the House with all those who want to achieve that outcome.
May I also thank those dealing with suicide prevention?
Probably everybody in this House knows someone who has taken their life.
It touches all of us and we must do everything we can, together, to prevent suicide.
Moving on, as the Leader of the Opposition said, Lord Mandelson has admitted to continuing his relationship long after Epstein was convicted, and that there are more embarrassing details that we do not yet know.
People will be surprised by the Prime Minister giving Ambassador Mandelson such strong support today.
Will he tell the House whether he has asked the ambassador what other compromising material the Trump Administration might have on him as he leads Britain’s negotiations with the White House?
As I have made clear to the House, full due process was gone through when the appointment was made.
My constituent Connor Edwards lives with Ehlers-Danlos syndrome and craniocervical instability, which, in his words, means his head is slowly falling off his body.
Having once enjoyed fishing and mountain biking, at the age of 30 Connor is now largely bed-bound and says his condition has destroyed his quality of life.