Once again, the Netanyahu regime has shown that international law simply does not apply to it, and as long as this Government ignore the overwhelming evidence of the genocide in Gaza, so that they can profit from the sales of weapons to Israel, that situation will continue.
Will Minister tell us—unless this is just another example of the performative condemnation that we have seen so often from this Government—what exactly the consequences will be for Israel for this egregious attack on Qatar?
I have set out some of the steps that we are taking in relation to this strike, including supporting an emergency session of the UN Security Council and having discussions with our allies, including the E3, which the Foreign Secretary will undertake shortly.
I would not wish to be drawn further as we discuss this very important incident with our allies.
I take issue with the hon.
Gentleman’s characterisation.
The conflict in Gaza is not a question that relates primarily to UK arms.
We are a tiny supplier of residual arms.
We have suspended the sale of all of those arms that could be used in Gaza.
There are other states with much fuller arms relationships—[Interruption.]
The figure is 15%.
The hon.
Gentleman says “15%”, when in fact he means 15% of components of the total F-35 supply.
The truth about the total supply to Israel is that it is less than 1%.
The Minister is absolutely right to call for a session at the United Nations—nobody can think that attacking the people trying to broker peace is going to lead to a ceasefire—but ahead of that, this country must have made some assessment of the case for the session and the motion.
Will the Minister tell us what assessment his officials have made about the civilian casualties and whether this strike is proportionate under the boundaries of the laws of armed conflict, as set out in international law?
If we go to the UN, what case will we be making?
I would not want to be drawn on a casualty tally from the UK.
As I set out in my response, Qatar has been clear about its own assessments and these things tend to develop in the immediate aftermath of a strike, so I will not be drawn on casualties or the number of people struck.
Qatar, quite rightly, will release that information when it is available.
My hon.
Friend asks about the international law tests against which this strike must be judged.
Those tests are self-defence and imminence, and in any session of the UN Security Council those are the tests that we would expect Israel to be able to satisfy.
It is not only on this issue, but on many other issues that Qatar, Saudi Arabia and other middle east nations have developed a real niche and leadership in mediation and conflict resolution.
Will the Minister look at our own conflict resolution unit and its resources and spend, and double down on how we are working with the Qataris on all their mediation efforts?
The right hon.
Gentleman raises an important question.
The strength of our relationship with Qatar on conflict mediation and our own capabilities are an important area of work.
I understand deeply how important that is because I was a negotiator in the Foreign Office, as was our National Security Adviser.
I have been due a further discussion with my Qatari ministerial counterpart.
Regrettably, it has been continually delayed by events in the region, but we hope to have it soon.
Qatar is an ally, and a key negotiator and mediator in Gaza ceasefire talks.
Through committing atrocities in Gaza, illegal settlements in the west bank, marching into Syria, and attacking Lebanon, Iran, Yemen and now Qatar, this Israeli Government have proven themselves to be a rogue ally to us and a dangerous neighbour.