We have consulted, we have listened and we continue to listen as a new team.
Across the board, we will look closely at the evidence and make sure that we are backing this country’s entrepreneurs and creators.
Over the last 10 days in my constituency, there have been five of the most appalling and violent acts by self-styled vigilante groups.
In each case, they livestream on Facebook Live and TikTok LIVE.
Those videos disappear, and the creators remain anonymous.
There will be a criminal justice response, but may I ask the Minister to relook at the protections for those who continue not only to abuse and act racistly in our society, but to do so under the cloak of anonymity?
The right hon.
Gentleman raises an incredibly important point.
I am sorry and disappointed to hear of the instances he mentions.
This is an incredibly important issue.
We will look closely at the evidence base and if, under the codes of practice for illegal harm already published and implemented by Ofcom, there are found to be deficiencies in practice by any of the firms he mentions, we will, I am sure, take appropriate action.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
I am delighted to join the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology.
This is a crucial area for our country, providing  opportunities for jobs and work, and to improve our public services.
As Secretary of State, I am getting to work straight away.
As I said on Monday, I have strengthened the law to add further protections from dangerous self-harm material online.
Social media companies now have to take action to not just remove that material but prevent it from coming up in the first place, so that the internet can live up to its real potential as a place of opportunity where everyone can learn, connect and be creative, free from fear.
I, too, welcome the right hon.
Member to her place.
Her predecessor,  the right hon.
Member for Hove and Portslade (Peter Kyle) , warned that losing control of artificial general intelligence would be catastrophic, yet he failed to deliver legislation to protect the public.
Will the new Secretary of State deliver on an artificial intelligence Bill, and ensure that the British people benefit from the advantages of AI, without becoming its victims?
I want to ensure that people, businesses and creatives throughout the country can benefit from the huge opportunities that technological developments in AI promise, and that people are protected, too.
It is early days in this job, and I am listening carefully to all those involved, but wherever action is required, I will take it.
What  conversations have taken place with UK Research and Innovation on the support and development of new sustainable transport technologies, and on how they might benefit constituencies such as mine, Crawley?
My hon.
Friend will know that the UK is a world leader in research and innovation.
Over the spending review period, we are delivering £86 billion for research and development—a record amount.
UKRI invests more than £300 million a year in transport innovation, and sustainability is a key focus.
Projects include work to develop new aviation fuel production technologies that could reduce emissions by up to 80%.
There is more that we can do.
I know he is passionate about this issue, and either I or my Ministers will be very happy to meet him to talk more about what we can do.
We now come to the shadow Secretary of State.
I welcome her to her new position.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
I welcome the new Secretary of State to her place and, of course, I welcome her stellar team.
The Minister of State, Department for Science, Innovation and Technology,  the right hon.
Member for Edinburgh South (Ian Murray) , is so hot that he snared two jobs from the guy who just fired him.