We should use every technological tool at our disposal to secure best value for money for the taxpayer.
As well as Matt Hancock’s pub landlord scoring a PPE contract despite having zero relevant expertise, non-covid error, fraud and waste cost the public purse £58.5 billion in the year 2020-21 alone.
Could my right hon.
Friend tell us how those colossal sums of money will be recovered?
He mentioned a commissioner; can he also tell us how we will get rid of cronyism and nepotism, so that these things never happen again?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to draw attention to the scale of the problem.
The truth is that, according to the latest figures, the amount that has been recovered is relatively small compared with the scale of loss.
The previous Government’s own former Minister for counter-fraud described the Conservative party’s record as “nothing less than woeful” and riddled with “schoolboy errors”, and the shadow Business Secretary,  the hon.
Member for Thirsk and Malton (Kevin Hollinrake) , described the previous Prime Minister’s handling of this issue as dismissive.
We cannot afford to be dismissive: we have a duty to take it seriously and use whatever means we can to bear down on fraud, so that money meant for public services and legitimate recipients of public funds is used for its intended purposes.
I want to highlight innocent errors where Government systems are failing to pick up overpayments and as a result people are chased.
I am thinking particularly of unpaid  carers earning just a few extra pounds, which means that the Department for Work and Pensions is clawing back thousands from them in carer’s allowance, because HMRC systems fail to alert the DWP when earnings have increased.
What is the Cabinet Office doing to ensure that Government systems properly work to stop these things happening?
This issue has been highlighted more than once in the Chamber this week.
We are of course hugely appreciative of the job that carers do, and that has to be balanced with the proper use of public funds so that those funds get to the intended recipients.
Where there are overpayments, they do need to be recovered in the interests of the taxpayer, but I hope that is always done in a proper and compassionate manner.
I very much welcome the Minister to his place and wish him well in the role he now plays.
This is a vastly important question right across the whole United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
Does he hold statistics for Northern Ireland on the costs of fraud and error to the public purse, and what discussions will he undertake with the devolved institutions to improve financial decisions, particularly at the Northern Ireland Assembly?
This is my first but I suspect not my last exchange with the hon.
Member.
I have not seen a specific breakdown of this figure for Northern Ireland, but I can tell him that we take relations with Northern Ireland extremely seriously.
That is why the Prime Minister went to Northern Ireland, as well as Scotland and Wales, on the weekend after the general election.
Whether he plans to take steps to consolidate the number of national pay bargaining units in the civil service.
Whether he plans to take steps to consolidate the number of national pay bargaining units in the civil service.
Yesterday, I met the civil service unions together with the new Parliamentary Secretary, Cabinet Office, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Queen’s Park and Maida Vale (Georgia Gould) .
We had a very positive discussion covering a whole range of issues.
I made it clear that the days of Government Ministers waging culture wars against civil servants are over.
Instead, we want a civil service that is motivated, valued and helps the Government to deliver their priorities.
On the specific issue of pay, the Government will have more to say on civil service pay before the summer recess.