Let me say congratulations and welcome to your place.
I have been moved and inspired by so many contributions over the past few days, and it is an immense privilege to be making the first maiden speech of today.
I also offer my best wishes to  the hon.
Member for Central Suffolk and North Ipswich (Patrick Spencer) , who will also be making his maiden speech today.
Not only is he my neighbour, but he is representing a place that is really close to my heart.
I am incredibly proud to be making my maiden speech as the new Member of Parliament for Ipswich.
However, this is not my first contribution in this House.
Yesterday, I asked a question at PMQs, highlighting the huge potential that Ipswich possesses but saying that, after 14 years of neglect, we desperately needed Government support to help revive our town centre.
However, corners of social media instead focused on a very gentle joke I had made, when I pointed out that my home county of Suffolk once again had a premier league football team, unlike our friends north of the border in Norfolk.
One keyboard warrior in particular took umbrage at that.
His name is Ed Balls, and apparently he used to work here.
He said that Norwich has had a 15-year unbeaten run in the Old Farm derby—a run that will now, sadly, be extended due to Ipswich being promoted to the premier league and Norwich getting knocked out in the play-offs last season.
I am sure that that will be a bitter pill for Town fans to swallow as they visit Anfield, the Tottenham Hotspur stadium, the Etihad and Old Trafford next season.
Ed’s tweet also represented my most significant celebrity beef on social media since Steve Brookstein—yes, the first winner of “The X Factor” nearly a decade ago.
Ipswich has a rich and long history—so rich and long, in fact, that I am going to use this as an opportunity to settle an old score.
Now that Colchester has vacated its town status, I am laying claim to Ipswich being the oldest continuous town in England.
No, I have not checked that with the House of Commons Library, as I might have been given an answer that I did not want to hear, but two minutes of searching online tells me that I have a decent chance of being right—and I presume that, as I am now stating it as fact in Parliament, it now becomes true.
Thomas Wolsey is arguably Ipswich’s most famous son, and we in Ipswich have been celebrating his legacy throughout the past year through the Wolsey 550.
Wolsey does not always get the praise he deserves.
Climbing the greasy pole will not win you many friends—something to which Members of this House will attest, I am sure.
However, his story, rising from humble beginnings to becoming one of the most powerful statesmen in England, was remarkable, and he left his imprint on our town too.
Ipswich can also lay claim to Ralph Fiennes, Constance Andrews, Thomas Gainsborough, Jean Ingelow, Brian Eno, Edith Cook and even Richard Ayoade, to name but a few.
My job over the coming years will be ensuring that kids growing up in Ipswich today get their chance to make their dreams a reality, so that when my successor comes to make their maiden speech, they have a few more names to mention too.
I would also like to mention my predecessor, Tom Hunt.
While an MP, Tom often spoke about being neurodiverse, and was open about challenges that he faced growing up.
He looked to tackle some of the stigma that still exists, and that is an incredibly powerful thing for a Member of Parliament to do.
On election night, Tom charitably mentioned our shared commitment to improving the lives of children with special educational needs and disabilities, an issue that I have campaigned on for many years in Suffolk.