The main thrust of what we have heard from the Government and the Leader of the House—that any further roles should benefit an MP’s constituents—is absolutely right.
In the short term, we should of course stop MPs from taking on roles as paid parliamentary advisers, strategists or consultants.
In the longer term, daylight is often the best disinfectant, so I ask the Leader of the House to consider whether publishing any employment contracts for outside arrangements—with suitable redactions—and the transparency that would bring would allow constituents to judge for themselves whether they were getting value for money from their MP.
As a new MP, I am struck and more than a little bemused by some of the wonderful conventions and habits of this House.
Taking it as read that colleagues are honourable is a good thing, and referring to one another as the Members for our constituencies acts as a powerful reminder of who sent us here, but I am also struck by how much modernisation is needed.
We on the Lib Dem Benches look forward to supporting the Government when we agree, but I would expect us to urge, persuade, and on occasion push the Government to go further and faster to make us the most effective we can be, because our constituents deserve no less.
With so many newly elected colleagues, we have a cracking opportunity to change this place for the better.
It could be so much more efficient and so much more effective.
Let us do that with fresh eyes before we are all too institutionalised and think that some of this stuff is normal.
However, that is also going to take some courage from the new Government, because making processes and procedures less obscure so that more people understand them and making this place more efficient will mean that MPs have more power and the Government slightly less of it.
Governments—especially Governments with new large majorities, I am guessing—will probably grow rather fond of that power quite quickly, so let us get cracking.
Alongside modernising this place, we should of course reform our politics and our democracy more fundamentally.
The House of Lords should obviously be elected, 16 and 17-year-olds should be able to vote, and we must replace the antiquated and deeply unfair first-past-the-post system with a fair, proportionate voting system.
I look forward to making the case for these changes during my time here.
This election was the fourth time I have stood to represent the people of Hazel Grove as the Lib Dem candidate, and it probably takes a certain sort of stubbornness, resilience and determination to do that.
It most certainly took the support of my family, and especially of my partner, Ed.
I am so grateful to him.
Our mischievous rescue dog Bonnie has not quite made up her mind yet about what she thinks about me working away from home rather more, but I hope to be able to convince her that winning is better than losing, as it undoubtedly is.
Winning enables us to get stuff done, and there is a lot to do.
It is the honour of my life to be elected to represent my phenomenal community, the people of Hazel Grove constituency.
They will be at the heart of everything I do here, and I hope I do them proud.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I pay tribute to the many maiden speeches of new Members I have heard today, including  the hon.
Member for Hazel Grove (Lisa Smart)  for her fine speech.
Hon.
Members have spoken with affection and commitment about their home constituencies.
Each of them rightly places their own area above all others, and that is understandable, but I stand before you as the Member for the oldest continuous constituency to send a Member to this House.
For almost 1,000 years, men and women have stood, as I stand today, proud to proclaim themselves the Member for Lincoln.