I also want to thank my mother, who has been a real trouper to sit through a nearly 3.5-hour debate.
She looks brighter now than she did when I put her in a polling station as a teller.
As I was saying, I look forward to working with Members from across the House in the pursuit of delivering for the people of this great nation.
The Minister for the Cabinet Office was asked—
What recent estimate he has made of the cost to the public purse of fraud and error in Government departments and agencies.
What recent estimate he has made of the cost to the public purse of fraud and error in Government departments and agencies.
What recent estimate he has made of the cost to the public purse of fraud and error in Government departments and agencies.
Government estimates of the amount of money lost to fraud and error vary hugely, in truth: the latest estimate has a range of between £40 billion and almost £60 billion, which is a huge range.
The public rightly expect us to do all we can to minimise fraud in the use of public funds, which is one reason why my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor of the Exchequer has announced the establishment of a covid corruption commissioner, whose job it will be to track down as much as possible of the money lost to fraud during the pandemic.
The Cabinet Office will work closely with the Chancellor on this to try to ensure best value for money for the public and, of course, crack down on fraud right across Government Departments and agencies.
Covid contract fraud has cost the public purse an estimated £7.6 billion, with the previous Government assigning contracts worth billions for useless personal protective equipment to those with close personal connections to Ministers through their so-called VIP lane.
With the Chancellor announcing a new covid fraud commissioner this week, can the Minister please outline how his Department will work with the Treasury  to support that commissioner, in order to ensure that this egregious waste of public money is rectified and the British taxpayer gets back what they are owed?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to draw attention to what happened during covid, when VIP lanes and dodgy contracts ended up burning through billions of pounds, sometimes for unusable equipment.
We will do everything we can to recover money that has been lost, and my Department will work closely with the office of the covid corruption commissioner to oversee that work and try to ensure the best value possible for the taxpayer.
New technology must be at the beating heart of the new Government, and artificial intelligence presents an opportunity to tackle waste and error.
The National Audit Office has claimed that the counter-fraud agencies are only just beginning to utilise new technologies in their fight against public sector fraud, and rely on outdated legacy systems and incomplete, time-lagged data.
How will the Minister implement new technologies, including AI, to tackle fraud and error in government?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right: there is potential for greater use of AI in detecting and rooting out fraud.
We want the UK to be an excellent place to develop new uses of AI, both in its public sector applications and the development of private business.
There is already a single network analytics platform, which is an AI-based detection tool to help public sector organisations detect fraud, but like many AI applications, we are probably only at the beginning of what can be achieved in this area.
We should use every technological tool at our disposal to secure best value for money for the taxpayer.
As well as Matt Hancock’s pub landlord scoring a PPE contract despite having zero relevant expertise, non-covid error, fraud and waste cost the public purse £58.5 billion in the year 2020-21 alone.
Could my right hon.