We have supported children with outstanding children services, delivered exceptional adult services, and been leaders within our sectors.
As well as a being a council leader, I have led Labour in local government.
I have chaired the cross-party Local Government Association.
Indeed, I am proud to be the first former chair of the LGA to sit in this House rather than in the one down the corridor.
I welcome to the House hon.
Members and Friends who have served as councillors and council leaders.
In Telford, as in the rest of the country, poverty and child poverty are increasing.
It is heartbreaking that almost one in 4 children are living in poverty.
For me, that is not an academic issue; it is personal.
I was in poverty as a child.
I remember switching the lights off in our council house and laying on the floor as debt collectors banged on our door.
I remember the embarrassment of queuing for a blue free school meal ticket as many of my friends got their paid yellow ones.
That deep-down imposter syndrome remains and is very much with me today.
For too long, towns such as Telford have had their contributions to housing and job growth banked, but the investment and support that is so desperately needed to break the cycle of poverty has not arrived.
Despite our housing growth, we have not had the investment needed over the past 14 years—the closure of our A&E and the relocation of our consultant-led women and children’s unit being examples.
I say to my constituents that I will never stop fighting to bring services back to Telford.
I pay tribute to Telford Crisis Support, which works with the community and provided 238,624 meals last year—up by almost 21% on the year before.
It also provides clothes, nappies and the very basics of life, offering a vital lifeline to families.
Families come in many different shapes and sizes.
From the age of 11, I lived with my nan, Betty, who is and was my guiding star.
Although I lived with my nan from such a young age, my parents have always been there for me, too.
I was lucky to have people like my great aunty Dil, who provided me with the financial support that meant I could be the first person in my family to go to university, where I read law and qualified as a solicitor.
I am so lucky to have my own family now.
I am a proud dad and stepfather to Evan, Millie and Owen—my wife Elise and I see no distinction in our family.
Part of the role of councillor is to be a corporate parent.
Those in state care should be considered part of all our families.
In Telford, 423 young people are in our  care, and we support 249 care leavers.
When I was the chair of the LGA, I described the local government sector as the corporate uncles and aunties of those in care and those who have left care.
What, then, is this House?
What are Members of Parliament to those children in state care?
Maybe we are the corporate great aunties and uncles with resources, influence and wisdom—just like my auntie.
What more can we do to support our children in case?
To children living in council homes, in temporary accommodation or in our care, who are picking up free school meals, food parcels and avoiding debt collectors, I say this: “If I can get here, so can you.”
To provide a better future to all our children, we must reform our public sector.
Yes, for some that is a dry subject, but it is the only way to fix our broken system.
Reform is vital and prevention is key.
The longer-term approach to investment—investing a pound now to save hundreds of pounds many times over—will be important.