I made it clear that the days of Government Ministers waging culture wars against civil servants are over.
Instead, we want a civil service that is motivated, valued and helps the Government to deliver their priorities.
On the specific issue of pay, the Government will have more to say on civil service pay before the summer recess.
In 14 years, the Tory Government did nothing to tackle the ludicrous situation whereby there are over 200 pay bargaining units for civil servants across all Government Departments and agencies, a highly time-consuming and inefficient process that generates unfair pay disparities between people doing near-identical  jobs in different Government offices.
Will the Minister take this opportunity to look again at whether pay bargaining can be consolidated across the civil service, and will he agree to meet the Public and Commercial Services Union to discuss the advantages of such reforms?
We do value civil servants, and of course we want all public servants to be properly and fairly rewarded.
As with any public expenditure, what is spent on pay has to be balanced against other priorities and fair to taxpayers as a whole.
On meeting the PCS, yesterday, I met the general secretary of the PCS, as well as other civil service unions.
I hope for a fruitful dialogue with them.
Departments do have flexibility on pay.
They can direct pay towards the needs of their own workforces.
As I have said, we will have more to say about civil service pay before the summer recess.
I thank the Minister for the reply he has just given.
Will he assure the House that he is going to make progress towards a return to full sectoral bargaining?
He must be aware that many thousands of civil servants are not covered by a pay review body or any other bargaining mechanism.
Will he take steps to ensure that all civil servants are bought within the purview of a pay review body bargaining unit as part of a return to sectoral bargaining?
I thank the right hon.
Member for his question.
I hope to have a good and fruitful dialogue with the civil service unions about pay and many other issues.
It is important that we have public servants who feel valued and motivated, and who do their part on delivering the Government’s objectives.
On the specific issue of pay that he has raised, as I said to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Newcastle upon Tyne East and Wallsend (Mary Glindon) , the Government will have more to say on civil service pay before the summer recess.
What recent estimate he has made of the cost to the public purse of fraud in public procurement during the covid-19 pandemic.
What recent estimate he has made of the cost to the public purse of fraud in public procurement during the covid-19 pandemic.
As the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster set out, the previous Government allowed waste and fraud to spiral out of control.
Latest estimates show £10.5 billion of estimated fraud and error in the covid-19 schemes.
That waste of taxpayers’ money is unacceptable and the new Government are taking action.
This week the Chancellor announced that she will appoint a new covid counter-fraud commissioner.
It will use every means possible to recoup public money.
I welcome the Minister and the entire ministerial team to their places.
Public sector fraud underwent a massive spike during the pandemic, as  personal relationships trumped proper due diligence.
With billions of pounds still in the hands of fraudsters, it is imperative that the new Government work quickly to recover what was lost.
I therefore also welcome the Chancellor of the Exchequer’s new covid fraud commissioner.
What steps will the Government and her Department take to ensure that the money is recovered as quickly as possible, and indeed that something like this never happens again?
My hon.