While an MP, Tom often spoke about being neurodiverse, and was open about challenges that he faced growing up.
He looked to tackle some of the stigma that still exists, and that is an incredibly powerful thing for a Member of Parliament to do.
On election night, Tom charitably mentioned our shared commitment to improving the lives of children with special educational needs and disabilities, an issue that I have campaigned on for many years in Suffolk.
I will now use my role to fight for those families here in Westminster.
The SEND crisis is a national issue, and I know many colleagues from across the House will have heard countless stories about the struggles that families have had to endure to access the services that should be theirs.
In Suffolk, we have had a decade of the most grotesque and repeated failures.
I remember five years ago, after another damning report, the front page of our local paper, the East Anglian Daily Times, showed the faces of just some of the children and families who had been so badly failed by a broken system, with the heartbreaking, desperate headline, “We must be heard”.
As ITV’s report shows today, so little has changed half a decade later.
Those children and their families have still not been heard.
This is not just about the educational impacts on children, immense though they may be.
It is also about the exhaustion, desperation and isolation that families suffer, day in, day out; the months—years, even—battling for an education, health and care plan; the time spent waiting by the phone, or checking emails, hoping that they might finally get some positive news; and the energy they have to find just to try to navigate this broken system, fight through tribunals, and submit mountains upon mountains of new documentation and information, all while trying to care for their family.
As a Labour Government, we cannot let the suffering of vulnerable children and their families continue.
It will be my personal mission in this place to fight this inequality  and injustice.
If I can make one final plea on this issue, as a former teaching assistant and proud GMB MP, I urge that when we talk about the crisis in retention and recruitment of teachers, we include specialist and support staff in the conversation.
They are crucial to breaking down barriers to opportunity, too.
I would like to touch on another subject that is incredibly important to me: the energy transition.
This is not just an environmental necessity but an economic imperative.
It can boost our economy, reduce bills, ensure greater security and deliver the well paid jobs that we need.
With GB Energy, we will be able to achieve that.
If Britain is to become a world leader in this area, as the Labour party has pledged, I want Ipswich and Suffolk to be right at the heart of this national renewal.
Why should we not be?
Over the coming years, thousands of jobs will be created in new nuclear at Sizewell, in offshore wind and in solar.
I am unapologetically ambitious for our town and our county.
I do not want those jobs and that investment to drift away elsewhere.
I want kids growing up in Ipswich, or people looking to retrain and upskill, to get those secure, well paid jobs.
I want local businesses to benefit from the billions of pounds that will flow out of these projects, and I want our area to be the centre of national excellence.
That is our future, if we are brave enough to grasp it.
As a Labour and Co-operative Member of Parliament, it is particularly welcome to me that our commitment to community energy sits at the very heart of this mission.