I therefore also welcome the Chancellor of the Exchequer’s new covid fraud commissioner.
What steps will the Government and her Department take to ensure that the money is recovered as quickly as possible, and indeed that something like this never happens again?
My hon.
Friend is right that the previous Government oversaw VIP lanes that led to millions in waste, and we are still unpicking the impact of that lack of oversight.
I have met the Public Sector Fraud Authority to set out my commitment to strengthening the counter-fraud approach across Government.
As I have said, the counter-fraud commissioner has been introduced to support their work, and will use every means possible to recoup public money, reporting directly to the Chancellor.
In my corner of London, concerns have been expressed about a particular supplier being awarded contracts worth more than £25 million for useless PPE, after being put forward by a former Minister in the VIP lane.
Could the Minister say more about how the Public Sector Fraud Authority and the Treasury will ensure that every penny that can be returned is returned to the public purse?
I am happy to meet my hon.
Friend to hear more about the individual example from their constituency.
As I have said, I have met the Public Sector Fraud Authority.
We have set out that tackling fraud is an absolute priority for the Cabinet Office, and we will use every lever available to us to get back what is owed to the British people.
The Public Sector Fraud Authority is already working closely with the Treasury on the role of the counter-fraud commissioner, and will continue to do so.
How many people affected by contaminated blood products have received compensation.
The infected blood scandal is one of the gravest injustices in our history, and it is vital that we get final compensation to victims as soon as possible.
As of  30 June  this year, the Government have paid more than £1 billion in interim compensation to those infected with infected blood products and bereaved partners registered with existing support schemes.
The total number of recipients of interim payments across the United Kingdom is 4,606.
I thank the Minister for that answer.
Sadly, the previous Government dragged their heels with regard to this absolute tragedy—[Interruption.]
Of course they will deny that, but the fact remains that two people per week are dying as a result of contaminated blood, without full compensation.
Can he tell the House when the latest report from Sir Robert Francis on the compensation recommendations will be published?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for that question and pay tribute to his campaigning on this matter, including presenting a petition to this House on behalf of his constituent, Sean Cavens, back in April.
I pay tribute to the work of Sir Robert Francis.
Certainly the Government will publish his report ahead of laying regulations before this House.
More broadly, in respect of compensation for which victims have waited far too long, this Government are committed to paying comprehensive compensation to the infected and affected victims of the scandal.
Indeed, the Prime Minister said that on only his second day in office.
I call the shadow Minister.
May I start by offering my warmest congratulations to the Paymaster General?
I offer him my sincerest good wishes in these opening weeks of a new Government.
I start with deep respect for him, and I wish to support him where I can while fulfilling my constitutional responsibility.
It was the privilege of my ministerial life during my six months in office to accelerate and then deliver the legislation to set up the Infected Blood Compensation Authority.
Will the Paymaster General set out what progress has been made, given the urgency of this work?
Is he on track to meet the expectations of Sir Brian Langstaff and Sir Robert Francis, given the engagement he will undoubtedly have had with them already?