Unity is strength, and we see a wonderful example of that when the Guru Nanak gurdwara and St Thomas’ church work together for Wednesfield in Bloom; they have amassed several gold awards.
I saw at first hand the struggles that families face every day in my former role as a deputy headteacher.
I could not believe the normalisation of hardship.
Schools have become daily support hubs for families who are desperate in so many ways, facing challenges that should be consigned to the dustbin of history.
It is these experiences that have inspired me to stand and fight for better.
I want every child to be able to take a seat at any table, regardless of their background.
This Labour Government will break down barriers to opportunity, with free breakfast clubs in all primary schools, a reformed secondary curriculum that values creative subjects, a focus on the skills needed by the future workforce, and a children’s wellbeing Bill, so that children are safe, healthy, happy and treated fairly.
Considering the high levels of deprivation in the schools where I worked, I cannot speak highly enough of the dedicated staff, incredible students and supportive parents.
I have a message for my students: I miss you, and I am proud of you.
Remember to find what you love, and go for it with everything you have.
Finally, my humble thanks to the electorate of Wolverhampton North East, who put their trust in me.
To those who did not vote for me, please know that I am here to serve you as well.
The damage done will not be fixed overnight, but the work has started.
I will serve all constituents to bring you the change you deserve.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I congratulate you on your election and welcome you to the Chair, although it feels a bit weird to welcome anyone here, given that I have been here for about two minutes.
I follow on from the excellent contributions made by my hon.
Friends the Members for Poole (Neil Duncan-Jordan), for Cardiff West (Mr Barros-Curtis), and for Edinburgh East and Musselburgh (Chris Murray) among others.
I praise in  particular my hon.
Friend for Edinburgh East and Musselburgh, both because he gave an excellent speech and because his mum is one of my constituents.
As I start this new job, I have been thinking a lot about my family; I was doing so while preparing my remarks today.
I was thinking in particular of my grandpa, who was a coalminer in the coalfields of Lanarkshire, just outside Glasgow.
When I was a wee boy, he would tell me of the conditions that he worked in: “Darkness,” he said, “so black that you could hold your hand right in front of your eyes and still not be able to see it.”
In that darkness, he would toil away, unable to imagine his own future, let alone that of his grandweans, as he would say.
All the while he toiled, he was inhaling fumes so toxic that later in life he would have lung cancer, and live the rest of his life with just one lung.
My dad, a welder, is here today—off during the Glasgow fair—along with my mum, who runs her own business, to watch me from the Gallery.
My career so far has been very different from that of my parents and grandparents.
For a start, they have a proper job, whereas I am now doing this for a living, but it has been different for two related reasons.
The first is the Labour party—both in the sense that it has helped to provide me with a new job, and in the protections that it has delivered for working people.
Health and safety legislation, delivered by Labour and built by the trade union movement, have ended the kind of conditions that my grandparents worked in.
The second reason my career has been different is technology.