My constituents have been very clear with me that their top priority is our local health service.
They should not have a hospital that is literally falling down, they should not have to wait months or years for treatment, and they should not have to struggle to care for their loved ones.
The phenomenal staff at Stepping Hill hospital should not have to wade through flooded corridors to get to their patients because yet another pipe has burst, as it did last weekend.
Stepping Hill hospital must get the repairs it needs, and we need a new, additional hospital in the town centre so that local people can get the health and social care services they deserve.
I will not rest until they do.
I could not possibly make my first speech in this House without mentioning the last Liberal Democrat to represent my community, Andrew Stunell.
Andrew was the MP for Hazel Grove from 1997 to 2015, and he was that rare kind of politician who gave politics a good name.
He was an MP who set the standard to which all who came after him are rightly held—he was interested in doing something, not just being something.
He put his constituents first and brought about changes in the law, both as a Minister and as a Back Bencher.
Andrew made things better for the whole country: as a Minister, he delivered the Localism Act 2011, but as a Back Bencher he came top of the private Member’s Bill ballot in 2003, resulting in the Sustainable and Secure Buildings Bill becoming an Act of Parliament in 2004.
More than all that, he was one of the warmest, kindest people I have ever met.
He was the kind of person you want on your team: hard-working, honest and kind.
He helped me work out what it was to make a difference in public life.
The people of Hazel Grove, the whole Lib Dem family, and I will miss him and his guidance hugely.
I am the first woman to be elected as the MP for Hazel Grove, and I take that responsibility really seriously.
I am especially delighted to be a Member of the largest  group of Liberal Democrats ever elected to this House: there are 73 of us, if we include the right honourable Jennie.
I went to a comprehensive school, and was the first member of my family to go to university.
Before deciding that shouting at the telly was not bringing about the changes that I wanted to see in the world and that standing for elected office was the way to be part of that change, I worked in a business as a director of client relations—my clients were big pension funds, charities and foundations.
I was then the chief exec of a charity, educating women and girls in the developing world.
For the past eight years, I have also been lucky enough to represent some of my constituents as an elected councillor for Bredbury Green and Romiley on Stockport council, a role I have loved.
I am one of a rather large number of colleagues who come to this House knowing at first hand the value of local government, and the desperate need for it to be funded properly.
I turn to the substance of today’s debate, which is standards and modernisation.
The main thrust of what we have heard from the Government and the Leader of the House—that any further roles should benefit an MP’s constituents—is absolutely right.
In the short term, we should of course stop MPs from taking on roles as paid parliamentary advisers, strategists or consultants.
In the longer term, daylight is often the best disinfectant, so I ask the Leader of the House to consider whether publishing any employment contracts for outside arrangements—with suitable redactions—and the transparency that would bring would allow constituents to judge for themselves whether they were getting value for money from their MP.