Friend  the Member for Edinburgh South (Ian Murray)  has been a friend of mine for many years, and he deserves enormous credit for his long and lonely shift as the sole Scottish Labour MP, and for being someone who recognised that the Labour party had to change if it was to earn people’s trust once again.
It gives me enormous pleasure and pride to see him in his rightful place as the Secretary of State for Scotland.
That brief interlude aside, we return to Scotland’s real capital city.
I am privileged to represent Glasgow’s southside, a place that has had something of a renaissance in recent years, boasting the trendy tenements of Shawlands, the tree-lined avenues of Newlands and the beautiful conservation village of Carmunnock, among others.
My constituency contains many of Glasgow’s beautiful parks, of which Linn Park, Queen’s Park and Pollok Country Park are just a few.
In the latter, hon.
Members will find the Burrell collection, which was awarded the Art Fund’s museum of the year award after its reopening last year.
Like many parts of the city, however, we are not without difficulties.
Castlemilk is an area with enormous spirit and the kindest people anyone will ever meet, but it also remains an area with challenges.
Even today, the simple act of getting a supermarket in Castlemilk has proven difficult, something I hope I hope to change as local MP.
What is true of all my constituency is that it is an outward-looking, diverse and welcoming place.
The Scots-Asian community in particular have contributed  enormously to Glasgow’s character, and I am very proud to represent them here in Parliament.
Immigration has made my constituency richer, and it makes our country richer, too.
The southside of Glasgow is also a passionately pro-European place.
Although Brexit was settled in the previous Parliament, I intend to support the Government’s moves to repair our relationship with Europe.
My first duty is to my constituency and my country—being the Member of Parliament for Glasgow South is the only job that I will do, so long as the people of Glasgow South wish for me to continue—but I also feel a sense of responsibility towards the many millions of people at home and around the world who do not have a voice; the people toiling away in darkness, just as my grandpa did all those years ago.
I hope that none of us in this House forgets the millions—indeed, billions—of people around the world who are not as lucky as us, including those facing persecution or war, those without access to clean water or a good education, and those bound by modern slavery.
I am one of the lucky few to serve in this place, but I will never forget the people who put me here and the people who do not have a voice.
Delivering for them will be how I judge my success.
First, let me thank my hon.
Friend and his family for walking across the country to raise awareness of child poverty during the pandemic.
The Government recognise the disruption to education caused by the pandemic and the different access to online learning and IT equipment.
We are committed to learning lessons from the past and making improvements for the future.
In the immediate term, the Government have invested in delivering nationwide gigabyte connectivity as soon as possible.
We are investing £5 billion as part of this project to ensure that the hardest-to-reach areas across the UK, such as my hon.
Friend’s constituency, receive coverage.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker, for calling me to speak.
Let me say congratulations and welcome to your place.
I have been moved and inspired by so many contributions over the past few days, and it is an immense privilege to be making the first maiden speech of today.
I also offer my best wishes to  the hon.