As a friend of mine recently remarked, “Blimey, Lincoln, 25 years in the Army and 10 years in private equity.
Where did you see more violence?”
Now I am in Parliament, with the huge honour of representing the people of Spelthorne, and I am struck by just how important that is, particularly at the moment.
I am sure that all Members want to be a strong voice for their constituents and a local champion for their area, and I do too, passionately.
However, we are also here to fulfil our second jobs: to make thoughtful contributions to the national and international debate on issues of great moment, none of which is more important, in my view, than the defence of the realm, given that the world is the most dangerous it has been since the end of the cold war.
We are having a defence review, which will take time; but time may be running out, and the right course of action—increasing defence expenditure—is all too clear now, let alone in 12 months’ time when the review reports.
I gently suggest to all Members of this House that to govern may be to choose, but it is also to act, and that the answer to autocracy is rarely more bureaucracy.
To finish on a lighter note, I hope that hon.
Members now know a little bit more about Spelthorne.
They are welcome to visit any time, whether to hear about the work of BP’s global technology centre as it seeks to decarbonise the world, or to see the largest film studios in Europe and the second biggest in the world after Hollywood.
They might instead be interested in a flutter on the horses at Kempton Park—not that we on the Conservative side of the House are allowed to bet any more—or maybe just to potter along the Thames like “Three Men in a Boat”.
Madam Deputy Speaker, I said I would finish, and I do not make promises I cannot keep.
I made one promise to the people of Spelthorne.
It was that if they elected me, we would move to the constituency.
Thanks solely to the efforts of my amazing wife Caroline, we picked up the keys to our new home in Spelthorne on Tuesday, and will have moved there by the end of the weekend.
That is the first promise I have kept to the people of Spelthorne.
I look forward, as I serve them, to there being many more.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
It is a real privilege to make my maiden speech with you in the Chair, and a delight to follow  the hon.
Member for Spelthorne (Lincoln Jopp)  and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Ipswich (Jack Abbott) .
I cannot promise that my speech will be as witty as theirs, but I do support a proper premier league team in Manchester United—[Interruption.]
I have lost the House already.
It is an honour to make my maiden speech in this House as the very proud MP for my home town.
Telford is where I was born and raised, and where I am now bringing up my own family.
I am Telford and proud.
I begin by talking about those MPs I follow.
My predecessor, Lucy Allan, worked on many notable causes.
I particularly pay tribute to her tireless work in respect of the Post Office scandal, and to her constituency team, who have supported the residents of Telford over the past nine years.
I would also like to mention and thank my friend and mentor, my immediate Labour predecessor David Wright, who served our town and this House with passion for 14 years.
I also want to pay tribute to the first person to hold the job of MP for Telford, a great supporter and crucial adviser to me, who now sits in the other place, Lord Bruce Grocott.