Whitton and Whitehouse are two of the most deprived wards in our country.
Castle Hill is probably one of the most unequal.
By any measure, Ipswich is, like its football team, a huge success story, but large parts of it, including many families living in Whitehouse, Whitton and Castle Hill, have been left behind.
The story is all too familiar: the failure to adapt in a post-industrial economy; generations of low-wage work, if not worklessness; the proliferation of crime; and high levels of immigration that have caused a degree of social polarisation.
For however long the people of Central Suffolk and North Ipswich want me to represent them, I will fight in this place to empower those people who feel left behind, those who want to get on in life, and those who want to, and can, reach their potential.
At a time when faith and trust in politics is at an all-time low among those who feel locked out of our economy and our society, there is no more pressing cause than ensuring that Britain works for everyone.
Today, we are debating the merits of allowing MPs to have a second job.
Time and again on the doorstep during the election, and across dining tables for many years, I have heard from people—rich and poor, young and old, left and right—that they have lost faith in politicians doing the right thing.
Believe it or not, the NHS, immigration, jobs, incomes and access to homes were all hugely important to the voters at this general election, but the most important thing to the people across my constituency—from Whitehouse to Whitton, Kesgrave to Claydon and Ringshall to Rendham—whether they voted for me or not, was restoring a sense of moral probity and public spiritedness to our political system.
As we embark on this debate and others in this place, let us keep that in mind.
Before I finish, I would like to pay tribute to my predecessor, Dr Dan Poulter.
He was as dedicated a servant to the people of Suffolk and Ipswich as ever there was, both an MP and in his second job as a consultant doctor.
He used his invaluable NHS experience when he was a junior Minister in the Department of Health, and when he was on the draft Bill Committee  reviewing the Mental Health Act 1983 for the first time in 40 years.
We felt the benefits of his healthcare expertise in Suffolk when he managed to save Hertismere hospital, which was previously in my constituency and is now in neighbouring Waveney Valley, and when he lobbied the Government for a new accident and emergency wing for Ipswich general hospital.
As many people know, Dr Dan arrived in this House as a Member of my party and left as a Member of another, but I do not feel any ill will, for another political hero of mine, Winston Churchill, performed a similar journey over 120 years ago.
I do not mind saying it here, Madam Deputy Speaker: I, too, hope one day to cross the Floor.
Before I give my Whips a heart attack, I should add: not to swap political allegiances, but as part of a Conservative party elected back into government, taking our place on the Government Benches.
That was a Whip-issued line.
In the meantime, though, I would like to thank my wife and my two little boys, Leo and Jasper, who I am sure are watching on BBC Parliament right now.
I also thank the Doorkeepers and the Clerks.
I also want to thank my mother, who has been a real trouper to sit through a nearly 3.5-hour debate.
She looks brighter now than she did when I put her in a polling station as a teller.
As I was saying, I look forward to working with Members from across the House in the pursuit of delivering for the people of this great nation.