Member for Suffolk Coastal (Jenny Riddell-Carpenter)  can boast of Sutton Hoo, but on my far-eastern border, just last year a 1,400-year-old pre-Christian temple was discovered.
Experts can trace back human activity in the area almost 6,000 years.
I am fortunate to have the beautiful market town of Framlingham in my patch.
It is home to Framlingham castle, a former seat of the famous Howard family, and St Michael’s church, which contains the tombs of Tudor royalty and nobility, and which I love to take my two children to see.
I also have Helmingham hall in my constituency, which has unbelievably hosted both Queen Elizabeth I and Queen Elizabeth II.
It is unsurprising, given our ancient, lush and beautiful landscape, that we have a rich history of producing great artists who are inspired by those surroundings.
Thomas Gainsborough, John Constable, Benjamin Britten and even Brian Eno and Ed Sheeran, to name a few, are all products of our wonderful county in some way or another.
I am afraid to say that this child of Suffolk was not blessed with the same artistic talent.
The other great contribution that I have always felt that Suffolk makes to our country is in food and drink.
I have been told by my wife that it is certainly a domain in which I have more expertise and experience.
Central Suffolk and North Ipswich is home to Aspall cider, manufactured for almost 300 years from apple trees in the grounds of Aspall hall.
It is now one of the most recognisable brands in the global drinks market, exporting products to customers around the world.
It is a great example of global success by a home-grown British business.
We are great exporters of not only cider but sausages, spuds, chocolate and condiments.
It is not uncommon to find Suffolk produce in shops across the country.
It is for that reason that I have in the past, and will now in this place, support initiatives like that of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Hinckley and Bosworth (Dr Evans)  that give consumers in this country the opportunity to buy produce from producers in this country.
The Suffolk farming and agricultural community are such an important part of our local society, and they are also emblematic of our local culture and identity, with their no-nonsense attitude to hard work, love for family and community, complete and utter ambivalence to the weather, and deep affection for our natural environment.
I am sure that all Members have their bias, but I am of the firm belief that the people of Central Suffolk and North Ipswich are the finest our country has to offer.
While I hope to be a voice primarily for the people of Suffolk and Ipswich, I hope to use my time in this place to speak up for another cause.
In a previous life, before entering this place, I worked under my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Chingford and Woodford Green (Sir Iain Duncan Smith)  at the Centre for Social Justice, and then as an adviser in the Department for Education.
In that time, I realised that the Conservative party and conservativism have a proud story to tell on the critical issue of helping those who need help—on offering the most vulnerable in our society not just a handout but a leg up, and on standing up for what is just and fair in society.
More than anything, they are about giving people the opportunity to fulfil their potential.
I count the wards of Whitton, Whitehouse and Castle Hill as part of my patch.
Whitton and Whitehouse are two of the most deprived wards in our country.
Castle Hill is probably one of the most unequal.
By any measure, Ipswich is, like its football team, a huge success story, but large parts of it, including many families living in Whitehouse, Whitton and Castle Hill, have been left behind.