I am proud of their service, and I will be a champion for them and their families for as long as I am in this place.
As for so many of my constituents, public service took me far from home, and I was surprised and honoured to be asked to return to the Foreign Office shortly after my election to this place.
I know that my constituents expect me to do my duty there, as they do at Waddington and across the world.
It is an honour to join the Government, but before I speak from the Front Benches on Government business, I wish to send a message to my constituents: I am first and foremost the Member for Lincoln—for the city and Bracebridge, Waddington and Skellingthorpe; for the schools and two universities; for the barracks and the airbase; for the hospital, cathedral and castle; for our copy of Magna Carta; for the independent shops of the bail; for Sincil Bank and the parks of Boultham and Hartsholme; and for the Gillies, the Ermine, Birchwood and Steep Hill.
This is the honour of my life, and our city on a hill will be my first and last priority for as long as you send me here.
It is an honour to rise to make my first formal contribution as a Member of this House, and I start by congratulating you on your election, Madam Deputy Speaker, and on taking your seat in the Chair.
I also start with a slight admission of honesty.
Since arriving here, I have been nervous and anxious about making my maiden speech—we might even say that I delayed making my maiden speech for fear that my new colleagues were superb orators who would go on to make excellent speeches.
I am happy to admit that that fear came to pass: there have been some superb speeches over the past couple of days.
Even today, I pay tribute to my hon.
Friends the Members for Spelthorne (Lincoln Jopp) and for Mid Bedfordshire (Blake Stephenson), and the hon.
Members for Edinburgh East and Musselburgh (Chris Murray), for Cardiff West (Mr Barros- Curtis), for Poole (Neil Duncan-Jordan), for Glasgow  South (Gordon McKee), for Hazel Grove (Lisa Smart), for Lincoln (Hamish Falconer), and of course my neighbour,  the hon.
Member for Ipswich (Jack Abbott) , whose great speech did justice to that town.
I thank him for his kind words.
He is no longer here, so I will stop the niceties there.
I am in the fortunate position of having been sent to this place to represent a constituency and a people that have played a huge role in my life.
My grandfather grew up in east London before moving to Essex to raise a family.
It was in the 1980s, after retirement and with my grandmother Mary, that he made that all-too-familiar trip up the A12 to settle just 20 minutes outside Ipswich.
My earliest and happiest childhood memories were spent falling in love with a country and a countryside that I still call home today, and a county and a people I am now humbled to represent in this place.
Shock horror, Madam Deputy Speaker: I think Central Suffolk and North Ipswich is blessed with some of the most beautiful countryside in England, but it is the history of the area that makes it unique.
The Anglo-Saxon King Raedwald was one of the richest and most powerful of his era.
Consequently, Suffolk has become a treasure trove for archaeologists for nearly a century.
My neighbour  the hon.
Member for Suffolk Coastal (Jenny Riddell-Carpenter)  can boast of Sutton Hoo, but on my far-eastern border, just last year a 1,400-year-old pre-Christian temple was discovered.
Experts can trace back human activity in the area almost 6,000 years.
I am fortunate to have the beautiful market town of Framlingham in my patch.