I thank them for their faithful service to our communities.
I also wish to honour the late Ian Brookfield, former leader of Wolverhampton city council, who sadly passed away at the age of 57 after a short illness.
Ian filled any room, and was a political giant.
His legacy of celebrating the diversity of our city and fighting for the vulnerable will not be forgotten.
Take a mere glance at the roll call of previous MPs who have served Wolverhampton North East, and you soon realise that there are big shoes to fill.
Jennie Lee, who when first elected was too young to vote, was instrumental in establishing the Open University.
Ken Purchase, who served for 18 years, was a deeply respected constituency MP.
Ken played a pivotal role in the campaign to save our beloved Wolverhampton Wanderers football club.
Losing our club would have been devastating for the local community, not only in economic terms but in terms of our identity, as a city that truly loves our football club.
A returning Member, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wycombe (Emma Reynolds) , was a Minister in the last Labour Government, and I know that she will serve tirelessly in this Government.
The long and rich history of my constituency is a fascinating story of how a small village established in 985 AD grew into the wonderful, diverse city it is today.
It is a history carved out of wars, plagues, and economic booms and busts; a story of determined perseverance, progress and community cohesion.
These values are a testament to what makes any place great: its people.
The dawn of the industrial revolution brought factories and canals to Wolverhampton and Willenhall.
We were ideally located to become one of the major regions involved in coal and metal production, especially the production of locks, keys and enamelware.
We saw growth in manufacturing, with companies such as Guy Motors, Goodyears, and the Chubb and Yale lock makers.
We were at the heart of the “workshop of the world”.
If it was mechanical, we built it.
My journey to stand here today started with my parents migrating from Fiji as young adults.
I was born and raised on a council estate, Ashmore Park, watching my father work all hours in demanding jobs.
Times were tough back then, but they should not be that tough today.
I encountered such challenges directly when I was honoured to serve as mayoress of Wolverhampton as we emerged from covid restrictions.
I met extraordinary community groups and many remarkable people, including the first official freewoman of the city, Lisa Potts.
Lisa protected her students at a primary school nursery from being attacked by an armed intruder.
Selflessly, she placed herself between young students and the attacker, suffering horrific, life-changing injuries in the process.
A George Medal recipient, Lisa remains in close contact  with many of the students almost 30 years after that horrific day.
With her humility, courage and compassion, she is the very definition of a hero.
Wolverhampton and Willenhall take great pride in showing our gratitude to those serving in the British armed forces, and to veterans.
We have extraordinary veteran community groups and volunteers, such as Anne Partridge, a regimental sergeant-major, from the Staffordshire Regiment Association, a true leader known for getting things done.
I was privileged to be part of the unveiling of the magnificent Saragarhi monument, commemorating the brave last stand of 21 Sikh soldiers from the British 36th Sikhs regiment and one Muslim cook who valiantly fought for the British Army.
Unity is strength, and we see a wonderful example of that when the Guru Nanak gurdwara and St Thomas’ church work together for Wednesfield in Bloom; they have amassed several gold awards.
I saw at first hand the struggles that families face every day in my former role as a deputy headteacher.
I could not believe the normalisation of hardship.