Yes, for some that is a dry subject, but it is the only way to fix our broken system.
Reform is vital and prevention is key.
The longer-term approach to investment—investing a pound now to save hundreds of pounds many times over—will be important.
Investing in and focusing on the first 1,000 days of a child’s life can lead to better life outcomes and massive savings to the public purse.
We must always ask ourselves how public services can best serve the public.
The answer is so often with the users of those services and those who work in them.
When those who have skin in the game are empowered and trusted, the results are always better.
We know that so well in Telford, after the recent work of Holly, Scarlett and Joanne.
For too many, our country does not work for them.
Not only are they disconnected, but they feel a million miles away from this place.
That allows others to exploit the void—to divide us.
We—all of us—should work together, despite our political differences, to help connect this place to our citizens, so that democracy does not just survive, but thrives.
I hope that I can work on that nationally in the coming months and years.
I thank the people of Telford for trusting me with the incredible honour and privilege of representing my home town.
I will stand up for Telford and for them.
I know that we have a long road ahead of us, but I am committed to the challenge.
After all, nothing great is easy.
I welcome you to your place, Madam Deputy Speaker.
Thank you for allowing me to make my first contribution to the House in this important debate.
In my previous role I was proud to play my part in changing the Labour party, so it is apt that I should give my maiden speech as we discuss changing and modernising this House.
I associate myself with the comments of my hon.
Friends and other Members and congratulate all those who have made their maiden speeches, both today and in the past few days.
It is a privilege to stand here as the newly elected Member of Parliament for Cardiff West.
It is not an exaggeration to say that I stand in the shadow of some  impressive individuals when it comes to my predecessors.
I am the fifth individual since world war two to have the honour of representing Cardiff West; of my four predecessors, three stood under the Labour banner and went on to forge formidable careers here in Westminster.
One served as Speaker of this House.
Rhodri Morgan, my predecessor but one, served in this House for nearly 14 years before beginning his next act as First Minister of Wales, serving in that role for over nine years.
Rhodri was a political giant, and very much loved and missed by my constituents.
As for my immediate predecessor, Kevin Brennan, as well as serving in a number of ministerial roles in the last Labour Government, his single biggest impact in this House might be his membership of the parliamentary rock band MP4.
So we have a Speaker, a First Minister and a lead guitarist—for me, the pressure really is on.
In all seriousness, Kevin served Cardiff West with distinction for 23 years, and he is a quality act to follow.
That quality was clearly spotted by the House when Kevin gave his maiden speech, on  20 June 2001 .
After finishing it, Peter Bottomley, the last Parliament’s Father of the House, commented that Kevin
“will be one of the stars of the Parliament.
He has the sort of speaking talent that probably guarantees his joining the Whips Office and being shut up for a bit.
”—[Official Report,  20 June 2001 ; Vol.
370, c. 129.]
Mr Bottomley was prescient because, following the 2005 general election, Kevin was indeed appointed an Assistant Government Whip.