The first is the Labour party—both in the sense that it has helped to provide me with a new job, and in the protections that it has delivered for working people.
Health and safety legislation, delivered by Labour and built by the trade union movement, have ended the kind of conditions that my grandparents worked in.
The second reason my career has been different is technology.
I suspect that today in Britain there are more bitcoin miners than coalminers, and that is ultimately a good thing.
Coalmining was difficult, hard, laborious work.
As a kid I spent many long hours in front of my computer and, while much of that was spent playing FIFA against my wee brother Mark, some of it was more productive, because I taught myself to code.
I watched YouTube videos and over weeks, months and years I learned how to build software.
I developed iPhone apps that were used around the world, meaning that code written on my laptop in Glasgow could be pushed out to devices around the world in seconds and that this 19-year-old kid in his childhood bedroom could run an app servicing people from Los Angeles to Dubai.
If it can do that, technology can reform our public services too.
Technology might even help to reform this House, as we are debating today.
I hope and know that high-growth, innovative businesses in my home city of Glasgow will be a key part of that.
Much has been said and written about Glasgow over the years, but one thing sticks with me in particular.
Anthony Bourdain was not a man known for his parliamentary language, so let us just say that he described Glasgow as the most unpretentious place on earth—an “antidote” to the world, in his words,
“so unapologetically working class and attitude-free”.
I think he was right because, of all the things I love about Glasgow, it is our people and our humour that I enjoy most.
If someone ever gets a wee bit too big for their boots, returning home to Glasgow will soon put an end to that—something I am sure will be increasingly useful the longer I spend in this place.
Unlike many Glaswegians, my admiration even extends to some of Glasgow’s politicians.
It is customary in speeches such as this to praise our predecessors, but I know that for some that will be done through slightly  gritted teeth at the end of a long and bitter-fought election campaign.
In my case, I talk about my predecessor with genuine warmth and admiration.
Stewart McDonald served the people of Glasgow South diligently and built an enviable reputation in this place.
He was particularly respected for his long-standing support for the people of Ukraine, something that saw him awarded the Ukrainian order of merit.
If I leave this place having done half as much as he did for people around the world fighting for democracy, I will leave a happy man.
Before Stewart, there were Labour predecessors.
There was Tom Harris, who has been personally kind to me; John Maxton, now Lord Maxton, whose son taught me modern studies in high school, believe it or not—although I will leave it up to others to decide whether he did a good or bad job of that—and of course Teddy Taylor, who is still remembered fondly by many of my constituents.
I would also like to mention two other Members of this House who had a big impact on my life, both from Glasgow.
The former Member for East Kilbride, Adam Ingram, grew up in the east end of Glasgow and was one of the first people I ever spoke to in the Labour party.
His advice and wise counsel has been a constant source of support to me over the years, and I am incredibly grateful.
The other is a southsider, my friend and the former Member for Glasgow Central, Anas Sarwar.