I want local businesses to benefit from the billions of pounds that will flow out of these projects, and I want our area to be the centre of national excellence.
That is our future, if we are brave enough to grasp it.
As a Labour and Co-operative Member of Parliament, it is particularly welcome to me that our commitment to community energy sits at the very heart of this mission.
The greatest-ever expansion of community energy projects, delivering a million new owners of energy, will be genuinely transformational, and as a proud Co-operative party MP, I will champion the growth of such projects, so that local people will benefit from our green transition too.
Many of us are just a few weeks into our new role, and as this debate is about second jobs, I will be honest in my contribution and say that I have no idea why or how any Member of Parliament would have a second job.
We all know what I am talking about.
To be the Member of Parliament for Ipswich is the greatest privilege of my life, but to be frank, it is not like any other job.
I think about Ipswich, and its beautiful, award-winning parks; its waterfront looking absolutely glorious on a sunny day; the music festivals that we have now, which I would have loved to have been to as a teenager—I am only slightly older now than I was then—and the fact that our town once again has a premier league football club.
I might have mentioned that already.
I think about Suffolk too, the place I moved to 25 years ago.
I still hang out with my friends from Debenham high school.
I still play for the same cricket club, the mighty Eye and District cricket club—my batting just as terrible, and my bowling just as slow, if not slower.
I still want to walk around Fram castle, and along the beaches of Southwold, Aldeburgh and Dunwich.
I still pop into Coes, a family business founded nearly 100 years ago, and I love nothing better than eating at the Lighthouse restaurant, or drinking an Adnams or an Aspall in the Woolpack or the Greyhound.
I am still surrounded by my friends here, my family and my neighbours, not to mention a million happy memories, having been shaped and inspired by them for nearly a quarter of a century.
I have no doubt that I will make some mistakes along the way, and I know that there will be some times when my constituents disagree with me, but know that everything that I do here will be out of service, friendship and love for my home, Ipswich and Suffolk.
I join others in welcoming you to your place, Madam Deputy Speaker.
Thank you for giving me the chance to make my maiden speech, and to contribute to this important debate on second jobs, speaking for the people of Spelthorne.
I pay tribute to all Members who have made their maiden speeches, in particular my immediate predecessor,  the hon.
Member for Ipswich (Jack Abbott) .
He is clearly going to be a fearsome and fearless advocate for his constituents, based purely on the fact that he is prepared to risk the opprobrium of the people of Colchester, the people of Norwich, and perhaps most impressively of all, Mr Ed Balls.
I congratulate him.
I thank the House staff for the impeccable welcome that they gave us all as new Members.
I was, for quite a long time, a soldier, so I was brought up on the mantra that two minutes early is three minutes late.
It was therefore no surprise that at five minutes to 7 on the Monday after the election, I was the first in the queue at the top of the ramp.
I saw two armed police officers, but there was also a Doorkeeper, resplendent in his uniform of morning coat and gold badge, and his beard.