I particularly pay tribute to her tireless work in respect of the Post Office scandal, and to her constituency team, who have supported the residents of Telford over the past nine years.
I would also like to mention and thank my friend and mentor, my immediate Labour predecessor David Wright, who served our town and this House with passion for 14 years.
I also want to pay tribute to the first person to hold the job of MP for Telford, a great supporter and crucial adviser to me, who now sits in the other place, Lord Bruce Grocott.
Lord Grocott led me on a tour of this House in 1997, when I was just 11 years old—right hon.
and hon.
Members may be forgiven for thinking that I look to old to have been 11 in 1997, but that is what 14 years in local government does to you.
Telford is a new town in Shropshire, one that has grown significantly since its designation as a new town in 1963.
A town with a proud history and strong local identity, we are home to the west midlands’ only world heritage site, the Ironbridge Gorge, the true birthplace of the industrial revolution.
We have long-established communities such as Madeley, Oakengates and Dawley, which were recorded in the Domesday Book, and other proud communities too.
I am of course a son of Telford, but also of Dawley, the birthplace of Captain Matthew Webb, who in 1875 become the first man to swim the English Channel.
His monument in Dawley High Street says, “Nothing great is easy.”
Telford is great, but over recent years we have certainly not had it easy.
Despite the challenges it has faced, just like our own world champion boxer Liam Davies, Telford has continued to punch above its weight.
We have delivered housing growth and economic growth.
We have outstanding education, with outstanding primary schools, first-class secondary schools, and we are home to the Thomas Telford school and to state-of-the-art further and higher education facilities, with Telford College and Harper Adams University in the centre of Telford.
We have a record number of green and protected spaces.
In fact, if hon.
Members would like to visit Telford, joining the 3.2 million people who do so each and every year, they will notice just how green we are.
We are home to millions—and I mean millions—of trees.
We are known as a forest city.
In Telford we are also incredibly proud to be home to some of the biggest defence companies.
Right now, Telford residents are working on tanks destined for Ukraine and distributing essential equipment, from uniform to morphine, that will be deployed across all parts of  the world to our brave armed forces.
Our relationship with the armed forces is deep and strong.
We are home to over 8,000 veterans—my own family have served in all three services—and our council became one of the first authorities to be awarded a Ministry of Defence gold accreditation for our work on the military covenant.
For the past eight and a half years, I have served as leader of Telford council, and we have done a lot over that time.
We have regenerated our town centre, with the creation of Southwater.
We have been a business-winning and business-supporting council: we are home to Besblock, which provides bricks to almost every house building company across the country, and to Aviramp, which provides airports across the world with boarding ramps; and we also provide wheelie bins to most households across the country.
We have kept our council tax among the lowest of all councils in England.
We have supported children with outstanding children services, delivered exceptional adult services, and been leaders within our sectors.
As well as a being a council leader, I have led Labour in local government.
I have chaired the cross-party Local Government Association.