This is also the most diverse Parliament by race, and this Parliament includes the largest cohort of LGBT+ Members of any Parliament in the world.
Progress does not always move in a straight line, but if one looks around this Chamber and considers the tenor of maiden speeches we have heard in these last few days of debate, there are indeed reasons for hope.
At the outset of this new Parliament, that deserves special mention; while we can disagree in politics, we should always strive to do so with decency, honesty and respect.
Doing so is not a sign of weakness, but of confidence in ourselves.
Being elected has been both thrilling and humbling in equal measure; I am sure that many of my colleagues across both sides of the House have experienced not dissimilar thoughts and feelings.
However, I am not so blinded by the excitement of being elected to this great place to forget that this is not about me.
It is about what I can and will do to repay the trust of my constituents and to fight for the causes that matter to them—causes such as defending our arts and culture, particularly the cuts that threaten the existence of the Welsh National Opera; supporting our Welsh and Westminster Governments to cut the levels of child poverty, recruit the new teachers we need and cut NHS waiting times; unlocking our green energy potential to deliver cheaper and greener energy; and making work pay by delivering on that new deal for working people.
Ultimately, of course, it is not just about what we each say; it is about what we do.
For so long as I am here, I will work hard for a stronger and fairer Cardiff West.
Finally, I want to thank those people but for whom I would not be here giving this maiden speech.
The first thanks go to my family: my Mum, my Dad and my sister.
My family have inspired my values of public service and have made me a better person.
The other thanks go to my husband, who is up in the Gallery with my sister.
We celebrated our six-year wedding anniversary during the final days of the campaign, but we actually met more than 12 years ago at a time when I was still struggling to acknowledge, let alone accept, that I was gay.
Through all that, he had the love and patience to support me in accepting who I was and to be honest about that.
I truly would not be here without his love, support  and friendship.
As a proud Welshman and a proud gay man, I am excited to play my part in the Government’s programme of national renewal.
In so doing, I will endeavour to represent Cardiff West to the very best of my abilities.
May I offer you my congratulations, Madam Deputy Speaker, and also thank you for giving me the  opportunity to make my maiden speech and, in particular, to make it during this fundamentally important debate, which will ensure that we are not just a Government of service but a House of service.
In my speech I will mention many people who have done precisely that—served others.
It is a great pleasure to follow  the hon.
Member for North Herefordshire (Ellie Chowns) , and to hear such excellent maiden speeches from Members on both sides of the House.
It is an honour to serve the community where I was born, raised my family, and worked in local secondary schools as a science teacher and then a deputy headteacher.
I pay tribute to my predecessors, Jane Stevenson and—given parliamentary boundary changes—Eddie Hughes as well.
I thank them for their faithful service to our communities.
I also wish to honour the late Ian Brookfield, former leader of Wolverhampton city council, who sadly passed away at the age of 57 after a short illness.
Ian filled any room, and was a political giant.