”—[Official Report,  20 June 2001 ; Vol.
370, c. 129.]
Mr Bottomley was prescient because, following the 2005 general election, Kevin was indeed appointed an Assistant Government Whip.
I want to place on the record my thanks to Kevin and his wife Amy for their generosity, advice and support.
Having listened to a number of maiden speeches over the past few days of debate, I believe it has become a tradition to refer to one’s constituency as the most beautiful in all the land.
As this place is steeped in tradition, with perhaps a sprinkling of modernisation to come, I would not want to disappoint, so I can confirm that Cardiff West is indeed the most beautiful—or, as we say in Welsh, prydferth or hardd.
Until this election, Cardiff West existed entirely within the boundaries of the city of Cardiff, but following the most recent set of boundary changes, the ward of Pontyclun in Rhondda Cynon Taf now forms part of it.
Cardiff West’s gain is Pontypridd’s loss, as Pontyclun is a vibrant community, full of good people and a thriving high street that we must strive to maintain.
On that note, I thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Pontypridd (Alex Davies-Jones)  for her work representing Pontyclun in the last Parliament.
Moving east, there a diverse, prydferth and hardd constituency.
In one corner is Llandaff, a city within a city that houses the beautiful Llandaff cathedral, one of two cathedrals in Cardiff.
In St Fagans, we find the St Fagans National Museum of History, one of Europe’s pre-eminent open-air museums.
In Canton there is a thriving cultural scene, including Chapter arts centre and the Corp.
Cardiff West also regularly punches above its weight when it comes to sport.
It is home to Glamorgan cricket, Sophia gardens, the athletics stadium at Cardiff international sports stadium and Cardiff City stadium, the home of Cardiff City football club and the Welsh national team.
Cardiff West also houses Riverside, Pontcanna, Fairwater and Pentrebane, Pentyrch, Radyr and Morganstown, Gwaelod-y-Garth, Ely and Caerau, to name but a few.
Each area is defined by its own  unique character, but the common thread that runs through them is a proud community, replete with families, local activists, sports clubs, volunteers and faith leaders, all committed to serving the communities they call home.
That became clear to me during the election campaign.
As their newly elected Member of Parliament, I will work with anyone who genuinely seeks to support Cardiff West.
In the past few days, the Labour Government have set out their plans to deliver on the commitments we made to the British people at the last election.
Throughout that election campaign I met countless constituents who demanded change, but not just for change’s sake.
They wanted change with a purpose: change that would improve their lives by making work pay, by delivering a new deal for working people, by rebuilding their broken public services, by making their streets safer, by offering a more inclusive and tolerant discourse, and by making an offer of a future for our country that is more positive, more hopeful and more honest.
Of course, for us to deliver that change we must embody that change, and we need only look around the Chamber to see that.
In this Parliament, 263 women were elected, representing a record high of just over 40%.
This is also the most diverse Parliament by race, and this Parliament includes the largest cohort of LGBT+ Members of any Parliament in the world.
Progress does not always move in a straight line, but if one looks around this Chamber and considers the tenor of maiden speeches we have heard in these last few days of debate, there are indeed reasons for hope.
At the outset of this new Parliament, that deserves special mention; while we can disagree in politics, we should always strive to do so with decency, honesty and respect.