I welcome my hon.
Friend to her place.
She and I were involved in Young Labour together—only a few years ago, I feel—so it is great to see her finally in this place where she belongs.
She raises the important matter of NHS dentistry and the difficulty that people have getting an NHS appointment, which is particularly acute in Norfolk.
That is why the Government are committed to a rescue plan and to providing another 700,000 NHS dentist appointments, which I hope will relieve that acuteness in Norfolk.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I congratulate you on your election and welcome you to the Chair, although it feels a bit weird to welcome anyone here, given that I have been here for about two minutes.
I follow on from the excellent contributions made by my hon.
Friends the Members for Poole (Neil Duncan-Jordan), for Cardiff West (Mr Barros-Curtis), and for Edinburgh East and Musselburgh (Chris Murray) among others.
I praise in  particular my hon.
Friend for Edinburgh East and Musselburgh, both because he gave an excellent speech and because his mum is one of my constituents.
As I start this new job, I have been thinking a lot about my family; I was doing so while preparing my remarks today.
I was thinking in particular of my grandpa, who was a coalminer in the coalfields of Lanarkshire, just outside Glasgow.
When I was a wee boy, he would tell me of the conditions that he worked in: “Darkness,” he said, “so black that you could hold your hand right in front of your eyes and still not be able to see it.”
In that darkness, he would toil away, unable to imagine his own future, let alone that of his grandweans, as he would say.
All the while he toiled, he was inhaling fumes so toxic that later in life he would have lung cancer, and live the rest of his life with just one lung.
My dad, a welder, is here today—off during the Glasgow fair—along with my mum, who runs her own business, to watch me from the Gallery.
My career so far has been very different from that of my parents and grandparents.
For a start, they have a proper job, whereas I am now doing this for a living, but it has been different for two related reasons.
The first is the Labour party—both in the sense that it has helped to provide me with a new job, and in the protections that it has delivered for working people.
Health and safety legislation, delivered by Labour and built by the trade union movement, have ended the kind of conditions that my grandparents worked in.
The second reason my career has been different is technology.
I suspect that today in Britain there are more bitcoin miners than coalminers, and that is ultimately a good thing.
Coalmining was difficult, hard, laborious work.
As a kid I spent many long hours in front of my computer and, while much of that was spent playing FIFA against my wee brother Mark, some of it was more productive, because I taught myself to code.
I watched YouTube videos and over weeks, months and years I learned how to build software.
I developed iPhone apps that were used around the world, meaning that code written on my laptop in Glasgow could be pushed out to devices around the world in seconds and that this 19-year-old kid in his childhood bedroom could run an app servicing people from Los Angeles to Dubai.
If it can do that, technology can reform our public services too.
Technology might even help to reform this House, as we are debating today.
I hope and know that high-growth, innovative businesses in my home city of Glasgow will be a key part of that.
Much has been said and written about Glasgow over the years, but one thing sticks with me in particular.