Delivering for them will be how I judge my success.
It is an absolute honour to follow  the hon.
Member for Glasgow South (Gordon McKee) .
He spoke passionately about his constituency, and his love for his constituents was clear for all to hear.
It is also an honour to follow maiden speeches from the hon.
Members for Ipswich (Jack Abbott), for Spelthorne (Lincoln Jopp), for Telford (Shaun Davies), for Edinburgh East and Musselburgh (Chris Murray), for Mid Bedfordshire (Blake Stephenson), for Cardiff West (Mr Barros-Curtis), for Wolverhampton North East (Sureena Brackenridge) and for Poole (Neil Duncan-Jordan).
Each is, in their own way, an act to follow.
I thank the people of Hazel Grove constituency for placing their trust in me.
That trust is a profound responsibility, and I am committed to repaying it through hard work, integrity and service to my community.
I acknowledge the work of my predecessor William Wragg, who served in Parliament from 2015 until he stood down at the last election.
He stood up to those in power when he felt that it was needed, and he spoke openly about poor mental health in a way that I am sure will have helped to break down stigma.
On behalf of all residents of Hazel Grove, I wish him all the best for the future.
I accept that I may be a little biased, but Hazel Grove is quite clearly the finest constituency in the land.
It ranges from central Stockport out to the edge of the Peak district, taking in the communities of Bredbury, Bosden Farm, Compstall, Great Moor, Hawk Green, Heaviley, High Lane, Little Moor, Marple, Marple Bridge, Mellor, Mill Brow, Norbury, Offerton, Romiley, Strines, Woodley, and some, but not all, of Hazel Grove itself.
Whether the peaceful havens of our green spaces or the proud reminders of our industrial heritage, Hazel Grove has it all.
We have the Peak forest, the Macclesfield canals, which have one of the steepest lock flights in the  country, and our beautiful rivers: the Goyt, the Mersey and the Tame.
It is no wonder so many people want to call our area home.
Our rivers would be even more beautiful if the water company were not pumping quite so much sewage into them.
We very much look forward to the Government implementing their plans to clean up that scandal.
However, it is the people who really make our community.
Starting Point social enterprise in Woodley is tackling digital exclusion by giving some of my more mature constituents the confidence to get online, the Cherry Tree Project in Romiley empowers young people to live their best lives, and NK Theatre Arts works with children and adults of all abilities across the borough, using creativity and the performing arts to transform lives.
Local people have many of the answers that we seek on how to fix the problems we face as a country.
My job, and the job of this House, is to empower them, not tell them what is good for them.
I am a liberal and a Liberal Democrat.
We exist to build and safeguard a fair, free and open society in which we balance the fundamental values of liberty, equality and community, and in which no one shall be enslaved by poverty, ignorance or conformity.
I joined the Lib Dems and got involved in politics because shouting at the television was not bringing about the changes that we need.
My constituents have been very clear with me that their top priority is our local health service.
They should not have a hospital that is literally falling down, they should not have to wait months or years for treatment, and they should not have to struggle to care for their loved ones.
The phenomenal staff at Stepping Hill hospital should not have to wade through flooded corridors to get to their patients because yet another pipe has burst, as it did last weekend.