I would be delighted to come to Milton Keynes to meet my hon.
Friend and his local charity.
I want to reassure him that this Government are committed to increasing the supply of affordable housing and to ensuring that all houses are safe and of a decent standard.
I look forward to reading in detail the APPGs’ recommendations.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
I have been delighted to confirm that Lord Morse will be the new chair of the Office for Local Government.
We are advertising the post of chief executive, which would suit someone with experience of local government who is looking for a new role, so I will pass on details to the shadow Secretary of State.
Following the wonderful news that the Leslie Sports Foundation, based at Shelley Community football club, has been awarded £318,456 from the community ownership fund, will Minister visit the foundation to view its existing facilities and discuss its exciting plans for the newly funded one?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on being a brilliant advocate for that project.
I have no doubt that the work of the Leslie Sports Foundation will make a huge difference to the lives of people in his constituency.
The Minister for Levelling Up, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bishop Auckland (Dehenna Davison) , would be delighted to visit.
I call the shadow Minister.
It is now over four years since the Conservatives promised to ban section 21 no-fault evictions.
It needs strengthening, but the Government finally published a Renters (Reform)  Bill in May this year.
Given the desperate situation that many renters are currently facing, and the urgent need to provide them with greater security and better rights, why have the Government not lifted a finger to progress that legislation in the weeks since it was published?
I share the hon.
Gentleman’s desire to do more to help people in the private rented sector but, as he will have heard, we wanted to make sure that we had a fit-for-purpose impact assessment so that the House could reflect on the changes that we are making and the benefits they will bring.
What assessment has the Department made of the use of cash retentions in the construction industry and of possible measures that could prevent the practice, which causes cash-flow issues and costly administrative burdens for subcontractors, including those involved in house building?
My hon.
Friend will know that that policy area is led by the Department for Business and Trade.
Nevertheless, it is important that we work closely with a wide range of stakeholders and businesses to achieve a consensus.
It can sometimes be challenging, but we are clear that any solution must be a sustainable one that works for the industry and its clients, addressing the need for surety and fair payment.
It has been more than 50 days since the Renters (Reform) Bill was introduced to Parliament.
Despite ample parliamentary time, the Government have failed to set a date for Second Reading.
In the last few weeks alone, the House has finished at 2 pm and 5 pm due to the Government bringing forward no business.
Why do the Government not care about renters?
The Bill, as you know, Mr Speaker, is beautifully formed, but the impact assessment that goes with it, as I pointed out earlier to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Christchurch (Sir Christopher Chope) , needs to be read in the round to see what a great piece of legislation it is.
One thing that would enable us to bring forward legislation is if the Labour party were to end its pointless opposition to our Illegal Migration Bill.
It is curious that the Labour party seems keener on being on the side of people smugglers than it is on the side of the private rented sector.