We know that they produce better decision making, can address delays and improve communication with victims and the CPS.
We also urged the Government to collect and publish data on the number of police officers in each force with specialist rape and serious sexual offence training.
Can the Minister explain why specialist rape investigation teams are still not in place in every police force and what she will do about that?
Can she confirm how many serving police officers, as of today, have received specialist training on rape and serious sexual assault?
What proportion of the 20,000 new recruits will also receive that specialist training?
I thank the right hon.
Lady for her incisive questions.
I suggest that the issue is about specialism, rather than specialist units.
All police forces have different operational ways of working.
She will recall the evidence of Sarah Crew, who said that there is no quick fix for each particular force.
She said that every force must look closely at the way they are operating.
However, specialism of training is key.
The National Police Chiefs’ Council is very firmly looking at what will  be rolled out.
The modules in relation to domestic abuse and to rape and serious sexual offences are being updated.
The right hon.
Lady is quite right to point to training, as that is important.
She mentions data, which is also very important.
We are improving and collecting more data—far more than has been collected previously, as far as I am advised.
I am optimistic that we are working together.
Her Committee plays a vital role in assisting the experts and informing the way that they work.
I welcome the Government’s measures on rape and sexual violence, but I invite the Minister to consider this: Colin Pitchfork, who brutally raped and horrifically murdered two teenage women in my constituency is being provisionally released by the independent Parole Board.
I know that she does not have responsibility for the Parole Board, but what my constituents and, I think, the wider British public do not understand is how somebody who has committed appalling sexual violence against two young women can possibly be released?
Does she agree that that position can only be regarded as irrational?
I agree with my hon.
Friend.
The case of Colin Pitchfork is dreadful, and I am very aware that the Ministry of Justice are working hard on that.
Recently, my right hon.
and learned Friend the Lord Chancellor said that he expected more work to be done in this space.
I commend my hon.
Friend for the hard work that he does in his constituency and nationally in this area.
It is clear that Operation Soteria is seeing improvements, but, frankly, the bar is very low.
I associate myself with the comments of the Chair of the Women and Equalities Committee that the crime that we are discussing is different.
Faith in policing and the justice sector more generally is impacted when a force that was using Soteria—the Met—was found in the Casey report to have
“a strategic and operational failure to tackle rape and sexual offences…which compounds the harm of the victims.”
I note in the Minister’s statement comments in relation to the thematic inspection.
It is not just about training, but about ensuring that those resources have the time and capability to be able to investigate those crimes.
Will the thematic inspection be looking at that?
As far as I have been instructed, the inspector will be looking at that.
The Casey review made for very sobering reading.
It is paramount that public trust in the Met is restored, and we have to work hard on that.
The Home Secretary has made it very clear that standards must and will improve in the Met as a matter of urgency.
She, like me, will continue to hold the commissioner and the Mayor of London to account for delivering that change.
I thank the hon.