House building is a priority for this Government.
We have announced £10 billion-worth of investment in the housing supply since the start of this Parliament, and ultimately, our interventions are due to unlock over 1 million new homes.
We are also investing £11.5 billion in the latest affordable homes programme, to provide tens of thousands of new homes across the country.
As my question concerns Wolverhampton, with your permission, Mr Speaker, I would like to pay tribute to Councillor Ian Brookfield, the leader of City of Wolverhampton Council, who sadly passed away last week, aged only 57.
Ian worked with many Ministers and the Secretary of State when the Ministry’s second headquarters moved to the city of Wolverhampton.
He will be greatly missed by many people.
The Government have made a series of big investments in Wolverhampton, and that has positioned it as the centre of the home building industry.
That includes millions of pounds for the National Brownfield Institute, the city learning quarter, and the Modern Methods of Construction taskforce.
Will my hon.
Friend the Minister support my campaign for an investment zone in Wolverhampton North East, stretching from Springfield brewery to the science park?
That would help attract businesses to Wolverhampton, where they could capitalise on the expertise that our city now has in home building technology, and attract high-quality jobs to my constituency.
I join my hon.
Friend in paying tribute, on my behalf and on behalf of all Ministers in the Department, to Councillor Ian Brookfield.
I thank my hon.
Friend very much for her question.
She is an absolutely superb advocate for her constituents and the city of Wolverhampton.
I am pleased to tell her that the investment zone programme is under way; a shortlist of eight places in England selected for inclusion in the programme was announced in the spring Budget, and the west midlands is one of them.
We are co-developing proposals, and we will look very carefully at her proposal, for the reasons that she set out.
I draw my hon.
Friend the Minister’s attention to the uncertain future of the housing development in Long Eaton in my constituency.
It has been at a standstill since the termination of the house builder’s contract 10 months ago.
What further support is available to encourage the site owner to complete the more than 100 homes planned for the site, so that the development is not left to deteriorate beyond repair?
I am of course concerned to hear about the situation that my hon.
Friend highlights, and I would be pleased to discuss it with her in more detail, if that would be helpful.
More generally, we are introducing a range of measures to increase transparency about build-out, to ensure that when development proposals are brought forward, the development actually gets built.
Labour-run Kirklees Council is taking in millions of pounds from housing developers through the section 106 levy, but local people are losing confidence in the system, as they just do not see the money being spent on local schools, local roads or local health services.
Does the Minister agree that developer contributions, which are given to improve local infrastructure that is affected by major housing developments, should be spent on just that?
My hon.
Friend highlights a most unsatisfactory state of affairs from Labour-run Kirklees Council.
We are introducing a new infrastructure levy that will bring much-needed transparency.
Local authorities, including Kirklees, should be spending that precious money on the infrastructure needed for local people.
With the growth in development of new housing across my constituency, we must ensure that adequate provisions are in place to meet the essential needs of residents, such as at the Bramshall Meadows development, where residents are waiting for the play space they were promised, and at Branston Locks, where new healthcare services are needed to support that development.