Will the Minister make time to meet me and Lancaster City Council to discuss what steps the council can take to ensure that residents know that the environment they are living in is healthy and safe?
I understand that the hon.
Lady is in touch with the Environment Agency about that, and that there is an ongoing investigation.
Although she will appreciate that I cannot comment on any specifics of the case, I would, of course, be happy to meet her to discuss the wider issue of waste remediation.
Our Government are committed to tackling waste crime: we have increased the Environment Agency’s budget by £10 million per year and tightened the law to make it harder for rogue operators to find work in the sector and easier for regulators to take action against criminals.
What progress he has made on allocating funds through the community ownership fund.
The community ownership fund has been a significant success, and has so far awarded £36.8 million to 150 projects  across the UK.
A total of £25.5 million has been allocated in England, £5.2 million in Scotland, £3.2 million in Wales and £3 million in Northern Ireland.
Does the Minister agree that the community ownership fund provides tremendous potential for community organisations in Clwyd South and elsewhere to take ownership of assets and amenities that risk being lost, and that the current bidding round is benefiting from the positive changes to the fund that were announced on  12 May ?
I agree that the community ownership fund has huge potential in Clwyd South and, indeed, across the UK.
The changes that my hon.
Friend alludes to—extending the maximum funding available from £250,000 to £1 million, reducing the match funding required, and allowing applications from parish, town and community councils—will mean that even more cherished assets and amenities can be saved for local communities.
I remind the House that window 1 of round 3 will close on July 12.
The community ownership fund is an ideal fund to support Udney Park Community Fields Foundation, which has been working tirelessly with the community in Teddington and Twickenham to bring Udney Park playing fields and the war memorial pavilion back into community use for the benefit of local grassroots sports organisations.
The site has gone to rack and ruin since two successive and badly advised developers bought the site eight years ago from Imperial College London.
As the site goes back on the market, will the Minister agree to look favourably on any application from the foundation for that asset of community value?
As the House will understand, I cannot comment on individual bids, but the hon.
Lady makes a compelling case.
The relevant Minister is happy to meet her.
What recent assessment he has made of the potential implications for his policies of the impact of increases in inflation on local authority budgets.
What recent assessment his Department has made of the adequacy of local authority funding.
We recognise that councils have faced challenges since covid, which is one of the reasons why we allocated billions more in subsidies to local authorities in the financial year 2023-24.
Discussions on public spending often require hard choices and trade-offs on many worthy intentions, but we hope that the additional billions allocated demonstrate the Government’s commitment to local authorities.
Council budgets have been impacted by huge costs due to covid and the triple whammy of increases in demand for services, fuel prices and inflation.
The Minister will know that people are scared and  running out of hope, so will he outline what support is available now to ensure that councils can still provide the vital services that people need?
As I outlined, we have allocated additional funds to local authorities in this financial year.
It is also a statement of fact that a number of local authorities in England have increased reserves as a result of covid.