The Minister will know that people are scared and  running out of hope, so will he outline what support is available now to ensure that councils can still provide the vital services that people need?
As I outlined, we have allocated additional funds to local authorities in this financial year.
It is also a statement of fact that a number of local authorities in England have increased reserves as a result of covid.
In the last financial year, additional grant funding of nearly £7 million has gone to the hon.
Gentleman’s local council, Bury Council, for adult social care.
Does my hon.
Friend share my view that one way to support local government finance and to reward well-performing local authorities such as Bromley Council would be to introduce multi-year funding settlements?
Will he commission a review into the merits of this, so that local authorities can better plan for the future?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
It is a testament to the good work of Bromley Council that he can demonstrate this and talk about it with knowledge and experience.
Multi-year financial settlements are something that we all aspire to.
One of the reasons we brought forward the policy statement for financial year 2024-25 was to ensure greater clarity for councils at the end of this spending review, and we hope to be able to return to multi-year settlements in future Parliaments.
Discretionary housing payments administered by councils are a vital resource in staving off homelessness.
The figures—£140 million in 2021-22, £100 million in 2022-23 and remaining flat for the next two years—show a £40 million cut and further cuts owing to increasing demand and inflationary pressures.
Section 21 evictions are not slowing down, the number of households facing rent arrears is soaring and the number being forced into temporary accommodation is skyrocketing.
The Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities has ultimate responsibility for homelessness, so when will Ministers at the Department tell their colleagues in the Treasury and the Department for Work and Pensions to wake up and smell the coffee?
One of the reasons why we have given local government additional funds in this financial year, as I just told  the hon.
Member for Bury South (Christian Wakeford) , is precisely that we recognise that there are challenges.
The Government have also allocated an additional £100 million for the most vulnerable households, to be administered through local authorities, which demonstrates the commitment to both local authorities and the most vulnerable in our society.
What discussions he has had with the Chancellor of the Exchequer on long-term funding for local authorities.
The Chancellor, his Ministers and his officials are in regular contact with the Secretary of State, me and departmental  officials on matters pertaining to local government finance.
The final local government finance settlement for this financial year, 2023-24, makes available up to £60 billion for local government in England.
Local authorities have lost £15 billion of funding since 2010, as the Government have sought to outsource both the pain and the blame for their punishing approach to the public finances, with only a fraction allocated back on a piecemeal, time-limited and ad hoc basis.
The reality for local authorities up and down the country is that it is increasingly becoming far too difficult to deliver all the services that local residents rely on.
When will the Secretary of State stop treating local government like a pawn in his political games, and start treating local government finance with the seriousness that both residents and hard-working local government officials need?
Difficult decisions were taken in the years after 2010 precisely because Labour failed to make those decisions in the years before 2010.
One of the reasons why we have made available additional funding for local government in this financial year is to demonstrate that we understand the challenges local authorities face.
Ultimately, however, as I said to  the hon.