Giving confidence to anybody who appears in court is important, particularly with this sort of heinous crime.
As I mentioned earlier, we have completed a national roll-out of that pre-recorded evidence, which spares the victims of those ordeals and really makes a massive difference.
It is one of the things that is brought up time and again when I speak to victims: they want to give their evidence in a fair way and not to feel that they are on trial.
That is exactly why the Government are rolling out pre-recorded evidence.
The victims code will go even further in allowing and in fact mandating prosecutors to meet people who are about to give evidence and who have been the victim of an alleged rape.
It is a really good step forward and I commend the victims code to the House.
I thank the Minister very much for responding to questions and for her statement.
While I welcome the fact that the 43 police forces in England and Wales are to implement a new approach to investigating rape, can I ask the Minister what information sharing there is with the regional Administrations about these protocols, and what additional funding is available to help the Police Service of Northern Ireland and the Northern Ireland justice system to see this apparently attainable improvement replicated in Northern Ireland?
This holistic new approach is supposed to affect and influence the whole way we deal with fighting rape—investigating, gathering evidence and getting cases before the court.
I want to see that specialism and those measures rolled out everywhere.
I would be very happy to get the relevant Minister to write to the hon.
Gentleman to explain what more we can do to assist the special situation and what we have in Northern Ireland.
It does not matter where someone lives; if a woman or a man has been raped, they deserve to have that support.
I am grateful for the question.
rose—
Let us take points of order one at a time.
We will start with Andy McDonald and then go across to the Government side.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
Last Friday The Northern Echo’s front page and editorial lamented the apparent decision of Advanced Cables to build its new facility on the Tyne rather than the Tees, quoting Tees Valley Mayor Ben Houchen and  the right hon.
Member for Middlesbrough South and East Cleveland (Sir Simon Clarke) , who both blamed me for the company so deciding, without a single shred of evidence for such a ridiculous notion.
Companies, of course, make their decisions on the basis of their own assessment and due diligence processes.
However, such personal and unfounded attacks are not without consequences.
Last week a senior corporate lawyer, Andrew Lindsay, posted on his LinkedIn account:
“If it turns out the enquiry concludes that ‘there is nothing to be seen here’ and in the meantime some investment and jobs are lost, local Labour MP, Andy McDonald…should be dragged through the streets of Teesside and lynched.”
That has deeply upset and alarmed my family and me.
I have reported the matter appropriately, but given the murders in recent years of Jo Cox, of Sir David Amess and of Andrew Pennington, Nigel Jones’s personal aide, and not forgetting the stabbing of our right hon.
Friend  the Member for East Ham (Sir Stephen Timms) , I seek your guidance on what can be done to ensure that legitimate debate on matters of such significance to our constituents does not spill over in a manner such that the appalling comments of the likes of Mr Lindsay are increasingly likely.
What more can this House do to protect and support Members who are on the receiving end of such abuse, and to reduce the likelihood of such dreadful outbursts, be they on social media or elsewhere?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for giving notice of his point of order.