Through that roll-out of pre-recorded evidence, we are sparing victims the ordeal of appearing before a live courtroom, which helps them to give their best evidence.
We are talking today about evidence.
To ease the court process further, we are updating the victims code, so that members of the Crown Prosecution Service team must meet rape victims ahead of their court cases to answer their questions and allay any fears they have.
In the next phase of our specialist sexual violence support project, we will ensure that at participating Crown courts, including Snaresbrook, where I commonly worked, Leeds and Newcastle, the option to remotely observe a sentencing hearing by video link is available to any adult rape victim who needs it, subject to the judge’s agreement.
These are complex issues.
The work is on evidence, not rhetoric.
We are getting there, but there is a lot more to do.
I call the Chair of the Women and Equalities Committee.
I gently say to my hon.
Friend the Minister that some kinds of offences can and should be singled out.
Actually, that is exactly what we have done with the strategy on violence against women and girls, with the landmark Domestic Abuse Act 2021, because we have to recognise that sexual offences against women have a particular personal, traumatic impact, and we need to do more.
However, I was pleased to hear her single out Avon and Somerset police, and I pay tribute to Chief Constable Sarah Crew, who is the most amazing woman and has spearheaded efforts in that police force to ensure victims are treated sensitively, appropriately and swiftly.
The same cannot be said about every police force.
We are now some four months or so on from the Casey review into the Metropolitan police, and too many women still say to me that they do not want to report a crime against them to the Met because they have no confidence that it will be treated fairly and properly, and that they will not end up being the ones on trial.
What more can my hon.
Friend the Minister do to instil, as she put it, “confidence to report crimes”, when it comes to our capital’s police force?
I am grateful to my right hon.
Friend; I know she does great work in this area.
I too have been thoroughly impressed at my many meetings with Sarah Crew.
She really is a breath of fresh air and I put a lot of hope in the way that she has managed to roll out new ideas about how to police this area.
Of course these are heinous crimes and very special offences.
In relation to the Metropolitan police, I have met the commissioner and the deputy commissioner, and I sense there is a change.
The oil tanker is moving.
At the moment, it is moving too slowly; it needs to move faster.
I am optimistic about the new training that new officers are receiving.
The emphasis on specialist trained officers is encouraging and I am sure we will see progress.
I call the Chair of the Home Affairs Committee.
I associate myself with the words of the Chair of the Women and Equalities Committee,  the right hon.
Member for Romsey and Southampton North (Caroline Nokes) .
I agree with everything that she just said.
More than a year ago, the Home Affairs Committee recommended that all police forces should establish specialist rape investigation teams.
We know that they produce better decision making, can address delays and improve communication with victims and the CPS.
We also urged the Government to collect and publish data on the number of police officers in each force with specialist rape and serious sexual offence training.
Can the Minister explain why specialist rape investigation teams are still not in place in every police force and what she will do about that?