The hon.
Lady raises an important issue.
The consultation on the NPPF has been well subscribed.
We are analysing the responses now, but I am sure we will be able to say more in due course.
In Westmorland and Lonsdale, average house prices are 12 times average household incomes.
The danger we have is that when we see houses developed, we are meeting demand, but not need.
Should the Government not give us far greater planning controls, so that we can ensure that we do not see 100 homes built that are a waste of bricks going into the second home market?
Instead, we should ensure that they are affordable homes, socially rented for local families.
Local authorities have a huge amount of freedom.
They have been given the tools by the Government through legislation, through developer contribution powers and through Homes England grants to deliver affordable homes.
The hon.
Member will also know about the wider work we are doing on second homes to enable local authorities to raise council tax.
I hope he can see that the direction of travel will help alleviate some of the pressures he has highlighted.
The Government are notoriously bad at disposing of public land—I need only look at NHS Property Services and the seven-year wait on the Bootham Park hospital site, and at Ministry of Defence land—so will the Minister look at how that can be co-ordinated and handed over to Homes England so that we can get building the housing that is desperately needed in places such as York?
The hon.
Lady will be pleased to hear that this is a priority for us.
I take issue slightly with her comment that we have a poor record of disposing of public land.
Often, that public land is needed by hospitals and the MOD.
So we are working closely and looking at where such land can be brought forward for housing.
If it can, we absolutely will be doing that.
Among the SNP failures that the Secretary of State chose not to mention is the fact that, since the SNP came to government in 2007, we have been building new council and social-rented houses at nine times the rate of any Government covering England.
Does the Minister accept that if successive Labour and Tory Governments had followed the SNP’s example in Scotland, the housing crisis in England would be far less than it currently is?
No.
I thank the Minister very much for her responses.
One of the key issues is for urgent planning decisions to be made.
The Minister has a keen interest in Northern Ireland, where the population has risen by about 100,000 up to 1.9 million.
One thing that needs to be done is on infrastructure decisions, which need to be made here nationally, not regionally.
What discussions has she had with the Northern Ireland Assembly to ensure that those decisions can be made to the benefit of all of us in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland?
Only if the Assembly sits.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman so much.
He is an active participant in all the debates we have on these issues.
I continue to work closely with him and his colleagues in Northern Ireland, because we can work together and learn lessons from each other.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Do the Government realise how absurd all of this sounds?
Their own flagship Levelling-up and Regeneration Bill, which is currently making its way through the House of Lords, has measures in it to block new homes from being built, and yet the Minister stands here berating councils for getting in the way.
All of this is happening because Conservative Back Benchers have more control of housing policy than their Government.
So when the local Conservative MP in Cambridge says that his latest scheme “will not happen”, he is probably right, is he not?