We will also consult policing partners on the most effective way those officers can be used, including the effectiveness of dedicated rape and sexual assault investigatory units.
Operation Soteria has shown the importance of scrutiny to drive progress, which is why the Home Secretary has also commissioned His Majesty’s inspectorate of constabulary and fire and rescue services to carry out a thematic inspection on forces’ implementation of the Soteria model.
I want to be clear: there is further to go and there is no room for complacency.
We want victims to have the confidence to report these crimes, knowing they will get the support they need, and that everything possible can and will be done to bring offenders to justice.
This Government will work with policing to do everything in our power to ensure that happens, and I commend this statement to the House.
I of course welcome today’s statement—any progress on this issue is to be welcomed—but I would outline that the rape review was commissioned in 2019.
It then took two years to publish, and we rightly got an apology from the  Government for the catastrophic decline in prosecutions.
However, the report contained only piecemeal changes, which is why, another two years on, we are here today discussing progress, yes, but marginal progress.
In the data outlined by the Minister on the number of cases now being charged, she did not make it clear that hundreds of cases were still not charged in each police force area she spoke of.
The Government seek to get back to 2016 standards, without recognising that it was on their watch that the system crashed.
Charges and prosecutions dropped to their lowest levels on record, just at the time when rape offences recorded by the police skyrocketed to record levels.
What the Government are celebrating today is simply the beginning of a reversal of their failure of survivors—like smashing a vase and celebrating when it is half stuck back together with sellotape.
In this time, countless rape victims have been left unsupported, or have dropped their cases or never even come forward.
This morning, I received a text message from a rape victim I have been supporting, who waited over five years for her case to be heard.
She said:
“Is there anyway I can see you this week?
I really need to speak to someone before all this gets any worse, I just cannot deal with my own head right now.”
She, like thousands of others, has been let down by the system, and the public have been left at risk, with attackers still walking free.
The numbers that the Government have not mentioned today are those for outstanding rape cases, which show a record high of 2,040, up from 1,379 a year previously.
More rape victims are waiting longer than ever before.
The Government’s own scorecard for 2022 has the attrition figure at a staggering 62%.
Survivors are still being left unsupported and are dropping their cases.
Will the Minister say whether the Government will back Labour’s proposal for all rape victims to have legal advocates, when my hon.
Friend  the Member for Lewisham West and Penge (Ellie Reeves)  pushes that amendment tomorrow in the Victims and Prisoners Public Bill Committee?
Rape Crisis has called for it, the Labour party would do it, and the victims need it.
Will the Government vote against support for rape victims tomorrow?
The green shoots of police improvements from Operation Soteria are welcome, as is its roll-out as a national operating standard.
However, to be successful, it must maintain that academic rigour and independent input throughout the national implementation.
It cannot just be a good pilot that is spread out to police forces as a checkbox.
Will the Minister confirm that the academic rigour that the scheme started with will continue in every one of the 43 forces, as it is rolled out?