What more can this House do to protect and support Members who are on the receiving end of such abuse, and to reduce the likelihood of such dreadful outbursts, be they on social media or elsewhere?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for giving notice of his point of order.
As he says, people are entitled to make their views known inside and outside this House, but threats to Members are very real, and those who comment should consider the potential effects of their words before posting injudiciously, rather than afterwards.
I take this very seriously.
When he texted me on Friday, I also spoke to people about security issues.
I will not go into that part of it, but he can rest assured that we will defend Members on both sides of the House.
Nobody should be threatened as they carry out their duties.
We will certainly not forget those who were murdered carrying out their duties.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
After a Westminster Hall debate on  4 July , in which the House reasserted its commitment to never forget the genocide of Srebrenica and the need to  safeguard the Dayton agreement, I was deeply alarmed to see that my hon.
Friend  the Member for Rutland and Melton (Alicia Kearns) , the Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee, was threatened by the President of Serbia, who said in response to her speech:
“we are already conducting an investigation against you to see what you are doing, to see who is paying you, and to see why you are putting the Republic of Serbia in such a position.
If the Government of Great Britain is not willing to react, it is not a problem; we will be forced to react.”
That is an unacceptable statement from a Head of State.
It is not just a threat to my hon.
Friend the Member for Rutland and Melton but an intimidation tactic against all MPs.
Can you reassure me, Mr Speaker, that no pressure brought to bear outside this place, especially by foreign Governments, will ever endanger the security or privacy of MPs, and that the full weight of Parliament will be used to prevent and dissuade bullying tactics and ensure that MPs can speak the truth?
Do you believe, Mr Speaker, that this is a moment at which the Serbian ambassador should be called to explain that position and that statement?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for giving notice of his point of order.
It is fundamentally a constitutional principle that MPs should be able to speak freely in proceedings of this House.
Threats to Members doing their jobs are totally unacceptable, whoever makes them.
Beyond that, I remind him that we do not discuss operational security matters in public, and he would not expect me to go further than that, but I will say that, of course, we take this seriously, and Members should, no matter their position—be they a Back Bencher or a Chair of a Select Committee—be able to speak out openly and freely without intimidation.
As a reminder to foreign states: they have no right to threaten anyone in this House.
To go a stage further, I am sure that the Treasury Bench will have heard the hon.
Gentleman’s request to summon the ambassador.
As he knows, that decision is not a matter for me, but I have certainly echoed his request for that to take place.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
For the past 13 years, I have had the privilege of being the patron of Stockton Rugby Club, a tremendous community organisation that works with more than 500 boys and girls who play the game and runs several youth and adult teams.
Today, I am proud to wear the junior academy tie.