Eastbourne secured £20 million in round 1 of the Government’s levelling-up fund, part of which is set to transform a disused dairy and downland farm into a world-class visitor centre.
Will previously successful constituencies, such as mine, be eligible to apply for the forthcoming round 3?
We have big plans for the seafront.
My hon.
Friend continues to be a fantastic champion for Eastbourne.
We will be announcing full details of levelling-up round 3 in due course, but we are taking on concerns, from those who have previously received funding and from those who have not, to make sure that we get this third round absolutely right.
So Chorley will do well?
Playgrounds are often a godsend for stressed parents.
They are great for kids’ development, and they are free entertainment during all these cost of living pressures.
Will my right hon.
Friend consider earmarking a fund so that parish councils and community groups can bid to improve areas that are in a poor state or that lack the inclusive equipment we all want to see?
My hon.
Friend is a brilliant champion for better provision of playgrounds and stronger support for families and young people.
The community ownership fund is available for some of the purposes she mentions, but I look forward to working with her to do more in this area.
With permission, Mr Speaker, I would like to make a statement on measures to improve the criminal justice response to rape and sexual violence.
This Government are unswervingly committed to protecting the public and fighting crime.
As I am sure Members across the House will agree, few parts of that mission are as important as the ongoing effort to tackle rape and sexual violence.
As I heard on my recent visit to Greater Manchester police, these are sickening, destructive crimes that can only have a significant impact on human dignity.
They are a betrayal of everything we stand for as a law-abiding society, and they can have profound and lifelong consequences.
My thoughts and prayers are with every single victim.
Although we are united in our outrage at these horrific acts, sadly we cannot turn back the clock.
What we can do, and what this Government are determined to do, is ensure that the criminal justice system does not add to the suffering and trauma experienced by victims and survivors.
On that note, I will update the House on the work being done to drive improvements in the criminal justice response to rape and sexual violence.
Two years ago, in the rape review, the Government set out steps to transform support for victims and to ensure cases are fully investigated and rigorously pursued through the courts.
Crucially, we heard that many victims who have reported to the police feel that they are the ones under investigation and do not feel believed.
For example, we know that victims have faced digital strip searches, with intrusive requests for access to their mobile phones.
Last year, we changed the law to end such distressing and intrusive practices, and to protect victims’ right to privacy where it is necessary.
We are introducing new legislation through the Victims and Prisoners Bill so that therapy notes and other personal records are accessed only when necessary and proportionate to an investigation.
But we must go further.
The investigation of rape must be no different from the investigation of any other crime, with the focus firmly on the suspect.
To support policing to transform its response to rape, the Home Office has already provided over £6 million to Operation Soteria, bringing together more than 50 world-leading academics from across the country, led by Professor Betsy Stanko and Professor Katrin HoL, and frontline officers from 19 police forces, to develop the new national operating model for rape and serious sexual offence investigations.