Friend  the Member for Christchurch (Sir Christopher Chope) , needs to be read in the round to see what a great piece of legislation it is.
One thing that would enable us to bring forward legislation is if the Labour party were to end its pointless opposition to our Illegal Migration Bill.
It is curious that the Labour party seems keener on being on the side of people smugglers than it is on the side of the private rented sector.
The recent transfer of the administration of home equity loans from Target to Lenvi has gone appallingly badly, with my constituents reporting unanswered emails and phones that ring out with no reply when they are looking to transfer their home in a time-critical phase.
Will my right hon.
Friend update me on what is going on with the administration?
I have been having daily meetings with Homes England and the service provider.
It is the case that there have been some issues with the transfer, as my hon.
Friend highlights.
I want anyone listening to this to know that they can contact either their local MP  or the service line, and we will resolve it.
I have insisted that additional call centre staff are available and extended working hours.
We are very much seeing the issues being worked through at pace now.
According to figures from PricedOut, over the last 50 years housing has become over 13 times more expensive and tenants are now spending up to half their income on rent alone.
If that trend continues, only one in three people born this year will own a home before they are 50.
The Government’s scrapping of housing targets and surrendering to Back Benchers opposed to new housing will only make the situation even worse.
When will the Government grow a backbone, stand up to those MPs and build the houses we need to avoid catastrophe?
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman but, as was pointed out earlier in these questions, the area of the country where housing numbers are worst, where planning permissions are being built out most slowly and where the fewest planning permissions are being granted overall has been London, under a Labour Mayor.
I want to work with the Mayor to see him emulate what the Conservative Mayor in the west midlands, Andy Street, has done to deliver housing.
My right hon.
Friend will know from my constant lobbying of him that it is my belief that the revenue support grant mechanism is inherently unfair and means that rural authorities such as Dorset, and particularly in West Dorset, receive little if any revenue support grant compared to the tens of millions that many urban areas, such as Wandsworth, receive.
Will my right hon.
Friend kindly tell me what he is doing to restore that balance and fairness for rural areas?
My hon.
Friend has absolutely made this case on multiple occasions, both to my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State and to myself.
He is a champion for West Dorset and for rural communities in general.
We will continue to work with local MPs who are concerned about this, but I would just gently point out that the primacy and the desire of the local government sector in this financial year has been for clarity and consistency, which is what we have provided to them through the local government financial settlement this year.
While the Government drag their heels on section 21, thousands of families are being evicted through no fault of their own by rapacious landlords—let’s be honest about it—with 2,000 families in May alone this year.
That is not acceptable.
Meanwhile, the Secretary of State has been having cosy meetings with private landlords’ associations, which gives the impression he is on the side of the landlords and not the renters.
Will he at least say now that the Bill will come back in September?
I am very grateful to the hon.
Gentleman.