Will he at least say now that the Bill will come back in September?
I am very grateful to the hon.
Gentleman.
I hope that my hon.
Friend the Member for Christchurch heard the careful case he prosecuted when he said I was on the side of the landlords.
In fact, I am on the side of   a healthy private rented sector.
The overwhelming majority of landlords do a brilliant job and I want to pay tribute to the National Residential Landlords Associations and Ben Beadle for their effective work in this area.
The Department has a very large number of consultations either going out to consultation or being assessed right now.
Now that my private Member’s Bill, the Supported Housing (Regulatory Oversight) Bill, has received Royal Assent, when will my hon.
Friend start the consultations required to enact it, so that we can kick out rogue landlords?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on his excellent private Member’s Bill, which the Government were happy to support as it tackles a very real problem.
The Bill has received Royal Assent and will become law on  29 August ; we will start the consultation as soon as is practicable thereafter.
Last week at business questions I raised the case of Tyrrell Court in Wakefield, where the social landlord, Wakefield and District Housing, has added a new service charge for communal lighting on top of the charge for window cleaning and communal cleaning, despite people having been tenants for 20 years without ever being charged that fee before.
It adds up to £125 extra per year.
Is the Secretary of State as concerned as I am that landlords are introducing these charges when people can afford them least?
It does indeed sound a concerning case, and we will follow up.
Property management companies are undoubtedly holding back home ownership.
New homeowners are often obliged to sign up to contracts that they cannot leave.
That leaves them stuck with inflated fees, and very often with poor services.
I am sure the Minister agrees that management companies need their activities curbed; they need legislation imposed on them so that we can get back to a fairer system of housing.
I agree entirely.
I thank my hon.
Friend for the excellent debate that he brought to Westminster Hall, in which we discussed these issues in detail.
I am happy to reiterate to the House that we will legislate, when parliamentary time allows, to deal with many of the issues that he has raised that are affecting freehold homeowners.
The Secretary of State said that he had the noble aim of abolishing the feudal leasehold system.
Could he update the House on his progress on the abolishment of that feudal system?
It will be in the King’s Speech, God willing.
The A38 is the main route to the largest city on the Devon and Cornwall peninsula.
This nationally significant  route needs substantial work between Carkeel and Trerulefoot in my constituency.
What work is the Department doing with the Department for Transport to make that a reality?
My hon.
Friend highlights the importance of nationally significant infrastructure programmes all across the country.
It is vital that we speed up those projects and make sure that they deliver for local people more quickly.
My hon.
Friend is a champion for the A38; I know that she will be talking to the Department for Transport, and I am happy to do so as well.
The Secretary of State says that the Scottish Government are not using the powers that they have, but it is his Government who keep vetoing Scottish Government policies and legislation that has been passed by the Scottish Parliament.
Does that not just show that the Conservatives never wanted devolution in the first place and can now barely contain their glee at getting to roll back the powers of devolution?
No, it was the Scottish National party that did not want devolution; it wants independence.