However, to be successful, it must maintain that academic rigour and independent input throughout the national implementation.
It cannot just be a good pilot that is spread out to police forces as a checkbox.
Will the Minister confirm that the academic rigour that the scheme started with will continue in every one of the 43 forces, as it is rolled out?
The total number of charges for adult rape in quarter 1 of 2016 was 2,270.
In quarter 4 of 2022, it was 1,748, a 23% drop.
Labour announced over two years ago that we would implement specialist rape courts, listing rape cases as a priority and fast-tracking them.
The Labour party has called again and again for specialist rape and sexual offence units in every police force, something that still does not exist.
The Government say today that they are having a think about them.
I ask that they think a little faster.
If they had listened, they could have all been rolled out and could be supporting survivors now.
Labour would also increase the number of prosecutors, to put rapists behind bars and reduce the record backlog across the courts.
We welcome progress, but the Government could and should be doing much more.
I thank the hon.
Lady for those comments.
I am afraid that I do not accept that the work has been piecemeal.
This is a sea change in how the model is being operated.
I have done some research, my civil servants have done some research, and I have spoken to the academics and the people who meet victims all the time.
There is no other country in the world, that I can find, that has a similar operating model.
Over 50 academics have worked tirelessly with some excellent officers.
This is not piecemeal; this is a sea change, but there is a lot more to do.
I do not accept that the change is marginal.
It is fundamental.
This is a different way of looking at victims and the suspect.
It must not be forgotten that all crime, not just particular, different sorts of crimes, needs to be hammered down and stopped by the Government.
That is what we expect from the judiciary, the police and the Crown Prosecution Service.
Yes, rape cases are of course far too high; they are coming down, and more must be done.
I, too, am concerned about attrition.
We must change that, so that we can support our women, and boys and men at times, who have been raped.
There is academic rigour, and it will be rolled out.
There will be proper monitoring, and there is a proper unit to make sure that the operating model is rolled out properly.
The question of specialist rape courts is brought up often by the hon.
Lady.
Of course, it is a very complex matter.
With respect, all victims of crime deserve decent, proper courts.
We should not be singling out one offence over another, because all these crimes are heinous and they all deserve a resolution to the complex situation.
We have already completed a national roll-out of pre-recorded evidence, which is one of the main things victims ask about when they want special rape trials.
Through that roll-out of pre-recorded evidence, we are sparing victims the ordeal of appearing before a live courtroom, which helps them to give their best evidence.
We are talking today about evidence.
To ease the court process further, we are updating the victims code, so that members of the Crown Prosecution Service team must meet rape victims ahead of their court cases to answer their questions and allay any fears they have.