Business leaders told me that the east midlands combined authority needs to be headed by someone with sharp elbows to get things done in the region.
I know there is a man in Mansfield who meets that description, but can my right hon.
Friend commit to giving that combined authority the powers to effect meaningful change, including considering west midlands-style powers?
My hon.
Friend makes a very good point: there is a man from Mansfield who would be an absolutely outstanding metro Mayor for the east midlands, and we need to give him all the power he needs.
He has not only sharp elbows but a keen intellect, and he has the interests of the east midlands at heart.
What Andy Street has done for the west midlands, Mr Ben Bradley can do for the east midlands.
You got there.
According to PricewaterhouseCoopers, the West Midlands Combined Authority that the selfsame Andy Street presides over is the second worst performing CA in the UK, judging by its growth figures.
In that circumstance, should the public of Warwickshire not have a say in any  potential merger with that combined authority, as is proposed in the Secretary of State’s levelling-up Bill that is going through the House of Lords?
I have great respect for the hon.
Gentleman, but why does he think that Warwickshire cannot compete on the world stage as part of the West Midlands Combined Authority?
Why does he have such little confidence in the people of Warwickshire?
He has referred to the Mayor of the combined authority.
Andy Street is the Mayor who has done most to deliver and, indeed, exceed housing targets as Mayor of the west midlands.
Who has done the worst?
Labour’s Sadiq Khan.
What assessment he has made of the implications for his polices of the Regulatory Policy Committee statement on the Renters (Reform) Bill impact assessment, published on 3 July 2023.
I have read it, and it seems fantastic.
What a facile answer!
Does my right hon.
Friend not accept the criticisms of the RPC that the impact assessment is very weak in that it fails to address the impacts of the Bill on competition, innovation and investment, and on landlords who run small businesses and microbusinesses?
I was very pleased that the impact assessment gave the Bill a green rating.
I was particularly pleased that it indicated that the likely additional cost would be £17 a year, and that the benefits—both monetised and non-monetised—would be significantly greater than that.
It is a progressive measure, which I hope my hon.
Friend will be able to join me in supporting.
Renters’ reform is important, as is safe housing.
Residents of Norfolk House, a block of flats in my constituency, have suffered burst pipes, dangerous cladding, and sewage and hot water leaks that have ruined multiple flats.
Residents have called it a “ticking time bomb” to see whose ceiling will collapse next.
Both Galliard, the property developer, and Southern Housing, the housing association, are refusing to address those issues.
Will the Minister commit to looking into that case, which has blighted the lives of residents for years?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for raising that, and of course we will.
Both the housing association she mentions and the developer she mentions have come to the attention of our Department before, so I am not surprised, but I am disappointed, and we will take action.
What assessment he has made of the adequacy of the provision of affordable housing in (a) Chesterfield and (b) England.
The Government are committed to increasing the supply of affordable housing, which is why, through our £11.5 billion affordable homes programme, we will deliver tens of thousands of affordable homes for both sale and rent in communities up and down the country.