Indeed, the Committee’s report highlights the various ways this can be done, in particular citing the approach of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Stone (Sir William Cash) , who raised matters before, during and after the Committee’s original inquiry in a perfectly proper way.
If an hon.
Member has concerns about any matter of privilege and the internal affairs of this House and its Committees, they may write to the Speaker, who may afford the issue precedence for consideration.
Those are the appropriate channels for raising such issues and it is every Member’s right to do so.
I would like to highlight that this an exceptional situation.
It is not the usual cut and thrust of politics.
A special report of the Privileges Committee regarding interference in its work is entirely unprecedented and that has led me to consider the reasons why.
Is it perhaps because the nature of politics has changed so much, or because the obligations we have towards one another, and to this place and the esteem in which we hope it is held, are less clear?
Perhaps it is because we feel little responsibility towards other right hon.
and hon.
Members, even those in our own party, and still less for what our words and deeds may encourage others to do outside this place.
Is it that personal honour matters less, or good manners?
I hope not.
I hope that the colleagues named will reflect on their actions.
One of the most painful aspects of this whole affair is that it has involved animosities between colleagues of the same political view, but I know of at least one Member named in the report who has taken the time to speak with regret to some other members of the Committee, and I applaud them for doing so.
I hope that some speakers today will acknowledge that obligation we have to one another as colleagues.
If Castlereagh and Canning could adopt polite civility after fighting a duel, I live in hope that today will be the end of this sorry affair.
It is a pleasure to follow the right hon.
Lady.
Over the past few years, the Conservative party has dragged the reputation of this House through the mud and left it festering in the gutter.
When the Privileges Committee published its report three weeks ago, which found that Mr Johnson lied to this House and the people of this country, many people must have thought that standards in public life had hit rock bottom—that they could not get any lower.
However, the shameful actions of senior Tory MPs, spelled out in the report we are debating today, have damaged the public’s trust in Parliament further still.
Some MPs, I am afraid to say, attacked the personal character and integrity of individual members of the Committee from the comfort of their own bully pulpit TV shows.
Some accused the Committee of not following due process and did everything they could to whip up an atmosphere of distrust, throwing their toys out of the pram as if it were one rule for them and their friend, and another for everyone else.
They were quite wrong.
While their attempts to undermine and attack Britain’s democratic institutions are shocking, it is important that we remember that they were not successful: this House did vote to approve the Committee’s report into Mr Johnson in full and sanction him appropriately.
Just like their friend who they were trying to get off the hook, unfortunately, the named MPs are having to be held accountable today for their actions.
I share the desire of the Leader of the House for those Members to use today’s debate to set a line and show that they have recognised what they have done, so that we can move on.
That matters because we have to approve the report in full.