We are introducing a new infrastructure levy that will bring much-needed transparency.
Local authorities, including Kirklees, should be spending that precious money on the infrastructure needed for local people.
With the growth in development of new housing across my constituency, we must ensure that adequate provisions are in place to meet the essential needs of residents, such as at the Bramshall Meadows development, where residents are waiting for the play space they were promised, and at Branston Locks, where new healthcare services are needed to support that development.
Can the Minister provide an update on what is being done to guarantee the successful and timely integration of these vital facilities in new housing developments?
My hon.
Friend highlights well on behalf of her constituents the vital and pressing need for the Levelling-up and Regeneration Bill, which includes measures to tackle exactly the issues she has highlighted.
It will introduce a new infrastructure levy, which will reform the system of developer contributions, bringing certainty and transparency over the infrastructure needed to be delivered alongside development.
To address the housing crisis, we need to be building more homes for social rent, and planning departments must be properly resourced in personnel and funding.
Will my hon.
Friend set out the steps she is taking to address those two specific issues?
My hon.
Friend speaks with considerable expertise on these matters.
We know that many local planning authorities are facing capacity and capability challenges, which is why we have developed a programme of support, working with partners across the planning sector, to put more skills and capacity into planning authorities.
Our levelling up White Paper is committed to increasing the supply of social rented homes across the country.
Lib Dem-run Eastleigh Borough Council, which is developing 2,500 homes on Horton Heath, last week passed a planning amendment to recklessly remove all affordable housing obligations, despite its being the developer of the site.
Will my hon.
Friend condemn that cynical move and assure me that no Homes England money will be used to backfill the gap?
I thank my hon.
Friend for highlighting the reckless behaviour of his Liberal Democrat-run council.
I completely agree that it is a disgraceful state of affairs.
The council should be using that funding secured to deliver the affordable housing that his residents rightly need and deserve.
As he suggested, Homes England will definitely not be contributing to backfilling that need.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
I do not doubt the Minister’s good intentions on house building, but does she accept that, according to her own Department’s figures, housing starts fell by 12% year on year in the first three months of this year?
That is down to a figure of just more than 37,000 starts, which is half the figure needed to hit 300,000 homes a year.
On that basis, does she conclude like me that not merely is her policy not succeeding in hitting the housing targets, but it is considerably contributing to their failure?
The hon.
Gentleman brings his considerable knowledge to this matter, but I will take no lectures from him and the Labour party on house building.
This Government delivered 242,000 houses in 2019-20—that is the highest level for more than 30 years, including the entire time that the Labour party was in government.
We do not just need to build affordable homes; we also need to build high-quality homes that are fit for the future and climate-resilient.
In the past six years, the average cost of repairing a home from flood damage has been £60,000 a property, and Aviva calculates that one in four homes is now at risk of flooding.
Will the Government ensure that their proposed national planning policy framework will finally prevent unprotected homes from being built in flood risk areas?
The hon.
Lady raises an important issue.
The consultation on the NPPF has been well subscribed.