She will know that the wider 12 levelling-up missions cover a range of areas, including health and healthy life outcomes.
It is important that we all work together, across parties and across Government, to try to tackle this issue.
The Minister understands that regeneration of our high streets is key to the levelling up of our communities, yet she is aware that in Gosport that is being paralysed by unfair council tax being slapped on houses in multiple occupancy—very high-quality ones that are key to the future regeneration of our high street.
As part of the Levelling-up and Regeneration Bill, the Secretary of State launched a consultation to address that question, but it concluded weeks ago and we still have not had the result.
When will it be published?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for her engagement with me and the Secretary of State on that vital issue.
Unfortunately, I cannot give her a specific date right now, but I will meet her as soon as we have the result in place, because I realise it is a vital issue that we need to address.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend and to my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for recent visits to Mansfield and the east midlands to support the many levelling-up projects we have going on in our region, from freeports to development companies, integrated rail plans, investment zones and levelling-up and towns fund projects, including in Mansfield.
All that amounts to billions of pounds.
What impact does my hon.
Friend think that will have on my constituency?
My hon.
Friend has done a great job of highlighting the incredible level of support going to Mansfield and the wider east midlands.
A lot of that is down to great local leadership from him and his colleagues.
That will have an enormous impact on the people living in the east midlands and on their opportunities to get on in life, which ultimately is what levelling up is all about.
I call the shadow Minister.
Up and down the country, communities are struggling with the Tories’ mortgage crisis and the cost of living crisis.
Those hit hardest often live in communities that were promised levelling-up funding, yet the Government sit on £1 billion of promised levelling-up fund money—money that could make a difference to those who need it most.
Where on earth is it?
Will the Government commit today to starting a process for the allocation of it?
I find myself a little confused, because we got a lot of criticism from the Opposition about round 2 of the levelling-up fund.
They wanted us to get round 3 right, and we are taking the time to ensure that we get round 3 allocations right.
We will, in due course, announce details on how we will allocate that money, which will change people’s lives.
If he will make an assessment with Cabinet colleagues of the capacity of local authorities to respond to unexpected costs arising from businesses entering liquidation.
The local government finance settlement of up to £59.7 billion for 2023-24 increases core spending power by 9.4%.
Most of that funding is unringfenced, as local authorities are best placed to understand their local priorities.
The Government also spend approximately £8 billion through targeted long-term investment in high streets and small businesses.
Residents in the Marsh area of Lancaster, Lancaster City Council and I are concerned about the future of a skip site on the Lune industrial estate that has gone into liquidation.
The cost of clean-up is higher than the value of the land.
Will the Minister make time to meet me and Lancaster City Council to discuss what steps the council can take to ensure that residents know that the environment they are living in is healthy and safe?
I understand that the hon.
Lady is in touch with the Environment Agency about that, and that there is an ongoing investigation.