Just like their friend who they were trying to get off the hook, unfortunately, the named MPs are having to be held accountable today for their actions.
I share the desire of the Leader of the House for those Members to use today’s debate to set a line and show that they have recognised what they have done, so that we can move on.
That matters because we have to approve the report in full.
As it says,
“our democracy depends on MPs being able to trust that what Ministers say in the House of Commons is the truth.
If Ministers cannot be trusted to tell the truth, the House cannot do its job and the confidence of the public in our whole political system is undermined.”
In other words, telling the truth is the foundation of a functioning Parliament and, when there are allegations that a Minister has not told the truth, we simply must have a mechanism for investigating them.
If we did not, there would be no way to hold them to account.
That is the role of the Privileges Committee.
The motion we are debating today protects the Committee and allows its members to continue to do their job on our behalf when we instruct them to do so.
It ensures that they can carry out their work, so that we and the people of this country can trust what Ministers say.
This is about protecting democracy.
The motion puts into effect the report’s recommendation, aiming to stop MPs putting improper pressure on the Committee and its members in future, because improper pressure was put on the Committee during the inquiry into Mr Johnson.
That was an exceptionally important piece of work that went right to the heart of the public’s trust in politicians.
This report now makes it clear that, to varying degrees—examples are listed clearly in the annex to the report—the named Tory MPs attempted to discredit the Committee and its conclusions, in some cases before they had even seen them, and even pushed for resignations.
That ultimately amounted to a co-ordinated campaign by Mr Johnson’s allies to influence the outcome of the inquiry in favour of their friend.
Co-ordination of a campaign—where is the evidence of that in the report?
It is just an assertion, is it not?