Both the housing association she mentions and the developer she mentions have come to the attention of our Department before, so I am not surprised, but I am disappointed, and we will take action.
What assessment he has made of the adequacy of the provision of affordable housing in (a) Chesterfield and (b) England.
The Government are committed to increasing the supply of affordable housing, which is why, through our £11.5 billion affordable homes programme, we will deliver tens of thousands of affordable homes for both sale and rent in communities up and down the country.
When it comes to Chesterfield, I am aware that the local plan was adopted in July 2020, but ultimately local authorities are responsible for plan preparation and decision making, and they interpret national policy and guidance according to local circumstances.
I am grateful, but that is not really an answer to my question of whether the Minister considers that the amount of affordable housing is adequate.
Under the Conservatives, the number of new social rented homes has fallen by over 80%, and there are now 27,000 fewer socially rented homes built each year than there were under a Labour Government.
Meanwhile, hard-pressed mortgage holders are facing the highest interest rates in a generation.
Is it not clear that neither renters nor buyers can afford another year of this Tory Government?
I do not know whether the hon.
Gentleman is aware that Chesterfield Borough Council is under the control of the Labour party, which, with the assistance of significant Government grant funding, is responsible for delivering affordable housing in the area.
It is up to Chesterfield Labour party, in control of that council, to work with developers to make sure that planning obligations deliver the houses that local people need.
We know that a lack of affordable housing can contribute towards an increase in homelessness.
Of course, it is a big responsibility for different areas to tackle homelessness, and I am proud of what Ipswich does, particularly through organisations such as the Ipswich Housing Action Group.
I am concerned to hear, though, that neighbouring authorities in the eastern region are sending their homeless people to Ipswich.
Does the Minister agree that those authorities should shoulder the responsibility to tackle homelessness in their own areas and not send those homeless people to Ipswich?
Will the Minister confirm that the Labour-led council can stop that happening if it wants to do so?
I thank my hon.
Friend for bringing this vital issue to our attention on the Floor of the House.
Of course, we expect local authorities to work together to tackle homelessness and to alleviate those pressures on the most vulnerable people.
It is right for his Labour council to work with any other council that has responsibility for that.
What assessment he has made of the strength of the Union.
The Union, and support for the Union, is strong, and I was delighted to note that, in the most recent opinion polls, support for independence in Scotland is plummeting.
That is a very interesting definition of “plummeting”, when that support consistently remains higher than it was in the independence referendum of 2014.
We were told during that campaign and afterwards that Scotland would have one of the most powerful wee devolved sub-state legislatures in the entire world, if not the universe, so what is the Government’s baseline for that?
Can the Secretary of State give us some examples of Parliaments that are more or less powerful than the Scottish Parliament?
I would just note that, at the referendum to which the hon.
Member refers, support for independence was at 45%, but it is currently at 37% in the polls, and 37 is eight less than 45.
More broadly, the Scottish Parliament has significant powers.