Finally, I think the AA atlas has run out.
My hon.
Friend has been a long-standing champion for Cleethorpes, and particularly for the importance of strong regional transport connections.
Network North will see Hull fully connected to the northern powerhouse network, which I know he will welcome, and north-east Lincolnshire will share in a brand new £2.5 billion fund to support local transport connections, perhaps including many or some of the ones he mentions.
I know he will have been delighted to see LNER run a test service to Cleethorpes earlier this year, and I can assure him that the Department for Transport is continuing work to see a direct service to London reinstated.
Government Members have said the way to fix the economic crisis that they have caused is to cut state spending by £200 billion and to freeze NHS budgets.
When will the Prime Minister stand up to the extremists in his party and condemn those ideas?
Weeks after I became Prime Minister, we announced a significant increase of almost £14 billion for the NHS and social care.
We followed that up with the first long-term workforce plan in the NHS’s history, to ensure that we train the doctors and  nurses we need for the future.
That demonstrates our commitment to the NHS.
We also, I am pleased to say, reached a settlement with over 1 million NHS workers, including our nurses, for a full, fair and affordable pay rise.
Aid poured into Gaza in 2005 when Israel withdrew.
Enlightened governance could have made a success of it.
It is Hamas that has turned it into hell, is it not?
I know that this is a subject on which my right hon.
Friend speaks with authority, and I thank him for his previous work in the area.
With regard to our aid funding, as the Foreign Secretary will outline later, we have very stringent governance in place to make sure that it is spent on the humanitarian needs that we want to address.
I also agree with him that there is one person and one person alone that is responsible for the atrocities that we are seeing, and that is Hamas.
On behalf of the Liberal Democrats, may I associate myself and my party with all the comments about the protection of innocent civilians today wherever they may be?
A whole wing of Seaton Hospital in Devon is earmarked for demolition under this Government.
The proposal to demolish this wing is an insult to the communities that raised millions of pounds to help fund the upkeep of services at that hospital.
The space was given to NHS Property Services, but, thanks to the charging policy introduced by the Conservatives, that company is demanding £300,000 in rent.
Will the Prime Minister let NHS Property Services hand over the space to health charities and community interest groups so that we can stop a wrecking ball going through Seaton Hospital?
As the hon.
Gentleman knows, decisions about hospital infrastructure are a matter for the NHS.
I am told that Devon Integrated Care Board is working together with NHS Property Services and local community healthcare providers to establish a future sustainable use for the currently vacant space.
May I also take the opportunity to commend the work that my hon.
Friend  the Member for East Devon (Simon Jupp)  is doing on this topic?
I would like to thank the Prime Minister for his commitment to improve transport links in the north.
However, to ensure that a complete strategic approach to rail links is achieved across the region, it should include the much-needed upgrade to the Penistone line running from Huddersfield, through my constituency, to Sheffield—an upgrade that my hon.
Friends the Members for Colne Valley (Jason McCartney) and for Penistone and Stocksbridge (Miriam Cates), who are sat with me, would also like to see delivered.
With that in mind, will my right hon.