Will the Government now finally tell the Israeli Government that the imposition of a collective punishment is a crime, that it is a breach of international humanitarian law and that it must end immediately?
I note what the hon.
Member has said about the incident at the Al-Ahli Hospital.
As I say, we will be making a statement only when we are comfortable about the facts.
We have to be realistic that the opportunity for any kind of independent investigation going into Gaza is severely limited, which is why we are taking the time to ensure that we get this right.
In all our conversations with the Israelis, we have reinforced the need for the protection of civilians; they understand that and they agree.
President Herzog has made a commitment about adherence to international law.
We must, however, be completely clear that Hamas accept no such limitations on their actions.
They have specifically targeted civilians and children—they went out of their way to identify and murder the most vulnerable—and it is completely appropriate for Israel to take action to protect its civilians and prevent Hamas from perpetrating further atrocities in that country.
I call the Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee.
The situation is unbearable, but while the horrors of last night cannot be unseen, we must not look away.
Violence is increasing across the region, but also in Europe and the US.
We in this House have a duty to protect British nationals, so what assessment have the Government made of whether the joint terrorism analysis centre needs to raise the threat level?
Can I also have reassurance about what is being done to protect out diplomatic staff around the world after the heinous attacks we saw on Israeli and American embassies overnight?
My hon.
Friend makes an incredibly important point.
We constantly assess the threat picture both here in the UK and in the region.
I have conducted an all-staff meeting with Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office staff across the whole world—I am told that over 5,000 people attended that briefing.
I made it clear that, as their employer, I regard my duty of care towards them as uppermost.
We do of course continue to support British nationals overseas, including in the region, and our consular team are maintaining, as best they can, contact with British nationals in Israel, and indeed in Gaza.
It is an incredibly difficult consular situation, but I can assure the House that we will remain, as far as we are able to, in contact with those British nationals seeking our support, and we are consistently trying to reopen exit routes from Gaza so that British nationals can leave.
The Foreign Secretary will be aware of the horror with which the missile strike on a hospital in Gaza, which caused hundreds upon hundreds of casualties, is regarded not just here in Britain, but in the region and internationally.
The House has heard his injunction not to jump to conclusions, but would he support a genuinely independent inquiry into what is happening?
Of course, an independent inquiry is the gold standard in the event of such a circumstance, but the simple truth in relation to having any kind of independent investigation in Gaza is that the current situation—bearing in mind that our own embassy team there are severely limited in what they are able to do,  and the international community is not able to operate freely—makes the practicality of that incredibly difficult.
We are making our own assessment.
We will gather and analyse as much information as we can.
We will not be led by any other nation; it will be a UK assessment of the situation.
Once we have come to a conclusion, we will share it with the House and the country.
I am sure that my right hon.