I welcome the shadow Minister to her new position.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
Strong economic links are dependent on the Government actually having an economic plan, but the Conservatives’ track record speaks for itself.
They cancelled the electrification of the main line to Swansea, they are spending half a billion pounds but still potentially making up to 3,000 steelworkers redundant and their pitiful semiconductor strategy does not even give us a bit part on the world stage.
Why should anyone believe  that their latest promises made for north Wales at a desperate party conference are worth the fag packet they are written on?
I welcome the hon.
Member to her position.
She shares Welsh lessons with me, and I hope she will continue to do so.
I urge her to be somewhat more positive about the £1 billion that has been announced for infrastructure development in north Wales by means of the electrification.
Also, in terms of the steel industry at Port Talbot, the half a billion pounds has saved many jobs and means that decarbonisation can occur.
HS2 is
“going to benefit Wales, it’s going to benefit people in North Wales who will benefit from better access at Crewe to London.”
That was the Secretary of State’s central argument for withholding billions of pounds from Wales by claiming that HS2 benefits us.
Now that the link at Crewe is another casualty of Tory chaos, will Wales Office Ministers stay true to their own logic and urge the Treasury to class HS2 as English-only?
As the right hon.
Lady knows, rail infrastructure is not devolved.
I would argue that investment in Great Britain’s rail infrastructure is of value to those in north Wales and the rest of Wales.
Furthermore, HS2 is an important connection to the west midlands from London.
Passengers from London to north Wales are likely to still use that.
We all know that the money that has been committed is illustrative.
In a major boost to Plaid Cymru’s campaign, the National Infrastructure Commission for Wales has proposed devolving the Crown estate and reinvesting profits in communities through a sovereign wealth fund.
The commission criticised the current system of wealth transfer from the poorest country in Britain to Westminster as “illogical and bizarre”.
Whose side is the Minister on: Welsh communities or a system that extracts our natural wealth?
We have had this discussion on previous occasions in various settings, but I would argue that the Crown estate allows this country to share risks and opportunities that it deals with.
It does a fantastic job and I simply do not agree.
What discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the potential impact of Welsh Government policy on health authorities on cross-border healthcare.
What discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the potential impact of Welsh Government policy on health authorities on cross-border healthcare.
Of course, I work within the NHS in north-east Wales and west Cheshire and see the stark realities of the disparity in healthcare services between the two.
It is concerning that the Welsh Government  have missed their target to eliminate two-year waits in most specialties and that more than 27,000 patients have been waiting over two years for treatment in Wales, compared with circa 280 in the whole of England.
The Health Secretary has offered to consider requests from the Welsh Government to use alternate providers in England to reduce waiting lists and the distress that they bring.
With the Welsh Labour Government facing cuts to their NHS as a decision of their own, does the Minister not find it extraordinary that they are looking at spending £122 million on new politicians and £33 million on a blanket 20 mph speed limit that nobody voted for in Wales?
I entirely agree with my right hon.
Friend.
It is scandalous that the Labour Welsh Government are prioritising spending on more politicians in Cardiff Bay as well as an unpopular 20 mph default speed limit.