However, to ensure that a complete strategic approach to rail links is achieved across the region, it should include the much-needed upgrade to the Penistone line running from Huddersfield, through my constituency, to Sheffield—an upgrade that my hon.
Friends the Members for Colne Valley (Jason McCartney) and for Penistone and Stocksbridge (Miriam Cates), who are sat with me, would also like to see delivered.
With that in mind, will my right hon.
Friend commit to including the Penistone line in the Network North plans?
My hon.
Friend is a fantastic campaigner for the Penistone line rail upgrade.
I know that my right hon.
Friend the Transport Secretary is conducting a corridor development study given the new  commitments to services on the Sheffield to Leeds and Sheffield to Hull lines, and, as part of that exercise, will consider enhancing the service on the Huddersfield to Penistone and Sheffield line, and I know that my hon.
Friend will discuss this further when he meets the rail Minister.
In Bristol South, around a third of children live in poverty, most of them in working households.
It is about the same as in Tamworth, where the Conservative candidate for tomorrow’s election made foul-mouthed comments about families struggling to make ends meet.
This is the Prime Minister’s Conservative party.
Will he condemn that candidate’s comments?
I am proud of our record supporting people with the cost of living.
Thanks to the actions that we have taken, we have paid half of the typical family’s energy bill last winter, frozen fuel duty and boosted the national living wage to record levels, and 8 million people across this country are now receiving direct cost of living payments worth £900.
While we are helping people with the cost of living, all Labour’s ideas are doing are costing them a fortune.
Mr Speaker, you may notice that many ladies in the Chamber today are wearing pink for breast cancer awareness, but roughly 15% of those with breast cancer are diagnosed with lobular cancer, a little known strain that is harder to detect, has worse outcomes and has no dedicated treatment.
I am working with Dr Susan Michaelis at the lobular moonshot project to campaign for a dedicated research stream for lobular cancer.
Will the Prime Minister meet with us to discuss this and how the Government can help us to save more lives from breast cancer?
I thank my hon.
Friend for all her work in this area.
Early diagnosis of cancer is key and the NHS “Help Us, Help You” campaign is seeking to address the barriers deterring patients from accessing diagnosis and treatment.
Thanks to treatments and faster detection, survival rates for breast cancer are now increasing.
Last year, more than 1 million scans were carried out, preventing an estimated 1,300 deaths from breast cancer.
This Breast Cancer Awareness Month, I encourage anyone who is invited to take up the offer of breast cancer screening.
Of course the sadism of Hamas can only be condemned, and there is no question of Israel’s right to defence and security, but international law is very clear that acting against international law in response to terrorism is unjustified, so in all the packages that the Prime Minister has announced vis-à-vis humanitarian aid, and the military package that he announced last week, can he tell the House how the Government will ensure that international law is adhered to, beyond just statements from Israel’s head of state?
The hon.
Member talked about our military assets.
Let me be crystal clear: the assets that we have moved into the region are not there in any combat capacity.