In August, at last, His Majesty's Revenue and Customs confirmed to me that there will now be a green lane for goods travelling from Wales to Northern Ireland through Holyhead and the Republic.
I emphasise, as a precaution, that this is not a freeport issue—the Secretary of State is very keen on that.
Rather, what specifically is he doing to promote and enable those new procedures for Holyhead?
I did not quite hear all that, but on the port in Ynys Môn, I am sure that the hon.
Gentleman will take some comfort from the fact that the United Kingdom economy has grown more quickly outside the European Union than that of many nations that have remained in it.
The Government have shown their absolute commitment to both north Wales and Ynys Môn through their development of a freeport project for the area and the announcement of £1 billion for electrification of the north Wales railway line, which will help to bring jobs and investment into north Wales.
Barry is Wales’s largest town, but it has been ignored by the Welsh Government for decades.
It has significant regeneration challenges, like many places.
I congratulate  my right hon.
Friend on awarding Barry towns regeneration status, but can he reassure me that that does not preclude Barry from benefiting from levelling up funding?
Obviously, I welcome the announcement, but my right hon.
Friend is far too modest, since he has been knocking on the door of the Wales Office and the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities for a very long time to demand extra funding for Barry.
He makes a very strong case for that, and I assure him that the UK Government will continue to listen to him.
Cross-border transport links between Wales and England are a key part of the strength of the Union.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that cross-border projects, such as the Pant and Llanymynech bypass and the longer term ambition to dual the A483-A5 passing through Clwyd South and North Shropshire, are vital?
The United Kingdom Government are absolutely determined to support infrastructure projects in Wales.
We have done so through the levelling-up funds.
It will happen again through the shared prosperity fund and it has, of course, been happening through the growth deals.
What we do need is a Welsh Labour Government that will support infrastructure.
That is why I find it so disappointing that the Welsh Labour Government have ruled out building any new roads ever again.
It worries me greatly that that is seen as a blueprint for the rest of the United Kingdom.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on energy costs for (a) households and (b) businesses in Wales.
The Secretary of State and I have regular discussions with Cabinet colleagues on a range of issues, including energy costs.
The Government spent nearly £40 billion protecting households and businesses from high energy bills over last winter, meaning that between October 2022 and June 2023, a typical household saw half of their energy bills paid for by the Government.
The Government did not listen to the renewable energy sector, which repeatedly warned them that the budget set for this year’s offshore wind auction was too low to attract bidders to develop offshore wind in the Celtic sea.
Can the Minister tell the House why that advice was ignored, leading to not a single bid being made?
What I can tell the hon.
Lady is that it is an issue of discussion that the Secretary of State and I are engaged with.
We understand the importance of floating offshore wind in the Celtic sea and it will progress in due course.
What discussions he has had with the Welsh Government on the potential impact of the Restricted Roads (20 mph Speed Limit) (Wales) Order 2022 on the Welsh economy.