There are specific offences that have already taken place, and I say to my right hon.
Friend: for all our sakes, he should work, as he said, with clear-minded determination to get the best answer from our ally.
The House needs to understand that prior to Hamas’s terrorist attack, tens of thousands of Gazans passed through the border into Israel every day in order to work.
Israel provided—often without payment—water, electricity and gas to the people of Gaza.
That was interrupted as a direct result of Hamas’s brutal terrorist action.
Thousands of rockets are fired from Gaza into Israel from in and among schools, hospitals and civilian communities.
We do of course always remind Israel, as we would any other nation involved in military operations, of their duties under international law.
President Herzog, Israel’s head of state, has reinforced that commitment.
We hear no such commitment from Hamas.
Last night’s absolute tragedy of the explosion at the Al-Ahli Hospital will simply intensify passions and polarise the debate even more.
Many children and young people here in the UK will have seen the images on our televisions and screens and on social media platforms, and I think they will be influenced by that.
While I thank the Government for the money and support they are giving to the organisations protecting faith schools, mosques and synagogues, can the Minister tell us what he is doing to provide advice and support to ordinary schools and our universities, where there is an intensification of hatred emerging and where I am hearing of both antisemitic and Islamophobic views being expressed and attacks being wrought on individuals?
The right hon.
Lady makes an incredibly important point.
While I will not go into details of conversations in Cabinet, I can assure her that the protection of all communities in the UK was something that the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities highlighted.
That very much goes hand-in-hand with the commitment that the Home Secretary has made that we will protect all communities  in the UK—Muslim, Jewish and others—and we will work with institutions, whether educational institutions or others, to try to ensure that the people at those institutions can go about their lives free from fear, intimidation and discrimination.
I very much agree with the Foreign Secretary that the entity responsible for the loss of lives we are seeing now is Hamas: a terrorist barbaric organisation that killed innocent Jewish people.
The question now is about doing everything we can to save lives of both Israeli and Palestinian people who are innocent in that regard.
I welcome the Government’s commitment to humanitarian assistance for the ordinary people of Palestine and the Foreign Secretary’s differentiation, like the Prime Minister’s differentiation, between the people of Palestine and the terrorist organisation Hamas.
The Foreign Secretary says that, moving forward, we will work towards a two-state solution.
The people in the region want to know what that two-state solution is.
Is that based on Security Council resolution 242 and the 1967 borders, which the United Kingdom signed up to?
What is a clear framework for that?
The Chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Rutland and Melton (Alicia Kearns) , has previously asked for the UK to appoint an envoy to the region.
We have two brilliant contenders, if I may say so, in William Hague, the foreign former secretary who gets the region, and Alistair Burt, a brilliant, well-respected former Minister.
We have choices and options.
When will the Foreign Secretary outline that part of the next steps?
My hon.
Friend makes some important points.
The truth is that we remain committed to a two-state solution, with Palestinians and Israelis living side-by-side in peace and prosperity.
While at the moment and in these circumstances that might feel like an unachievable aim, we refuse to be fatalistic and give up that aspiration.