I entirely agree with my right hon.
Friend.
It is scandalous that the Labour Welsh Government are prioritising spending on more politicians in Cardiff Bay as well as an unpopular 20 mph default speed limit.
Their decisions mean less funding for the NHS, education and other important devolved services.
They have the potential instead to invest in important capital projects such as the Royal Alexandra Hospital in Rhyl.
They must re-examine their agenda.
It gets worse: the UK Government have twice offered the Welsh Labour Government help in reducing patient waiting lists for important medical procedures, but neither offer has been taken up.
Will my hon.
Friend the Minister confirm that, in fact, that offer still stands and that patients in Wales who are stuck and suffering on waiting lists have not been forgotten by the UK Government?
Having spoken with the Department of Health and Social Care, I can confirm that the offer still stands.
My hon.
Friend will find it of interest to know that the Labour Welsh Government did write in response to the latest offer several weeks after that offer was made.
Unfortunately, the Minister did not confirm whether they would accept the offer.
In the interests of tens of thousands of patients, I strongly encourage them to do so.
What recent discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the cost of living in Wales.
What assessment he has made of the impact of increases in the cost of living on people in Wales.
I have regular discussions with Cabinet colleagues on a range of issues, including the cost of living.
The Government have made certain that the state pension, benefits and the minimum wage have all risen in line with inflation.
Last winter, the Government’s energy support schemes saw them paying about half the average fuel bills for homeowners across the United Kingdom.
The Bridgend food bank and the Baobab Bach food pantry are running out of food.
My constituents in Ogmore and those across the Bridgend borough  literally cannot afford to pay for the weekly shop.
What work is the Secretary of State doing to tackle the significant access-to-food crisis that is impacting constituents in the Bridgend county borough and right across Wales?
As I have already mentioned, the Government have made sure that pensions, benefits and the minimum wage have risen in line with inflation.
There have been other payments as well, with £900 to households on benefits, £300 to pensioners and £100 to those in households where there have been disabilities.
The Government have made certain at all times to prioritise the least well off.
May I respectfully suggest that the hon.
Gentleman should listen to the earlier questions and suggest that the Welsh Government stop spending money on extra politicians and put that back into communities where it is needed?
Polling of 2,000 people by Public Health Wales found that about eight in 10 Welsh citizens are either worried or very worried about the rising cost of living, with almost half saying that it will have a negative impact on their mental health.
Similar concerns have been expressed in Scotland.
What consideration have the Secretary of State and his Cabinet colleagues given to the SNP’s call for a £400 energy rebate as winter approaches?
As I said, in addition to the Government’s priority on supporting the least well-off and the fact that the Government paid around half of people’s energy bills during the last winter, we will continue to prioritise those who are having difficulties.
If the hon.
Lady is really worried about a cost of living crisis and the impact on energy, she will do well to revisit her party’s policy of getting rid of the oil and gas industry in the UK, including in Scotland—something that would cost 200,000 jobs and have a terrible impact on energy prices for homeowners across the United Kingdom.