As I said, in addition to the Government’s priority on supporting the least well-off and the fact that the Government paid around half of people’s energy bills during the last winter, we will continue to prioritise those who are having difficulties.
If the hon.
Lady is really worried about a cost of living crisis and the impact on energy, she will do well to revisit her party’s policy of getting rid of the oil and gas industry in the UK, including in Scotland—something that would cost 200,000 jobs and have a terrible impact on energy prices for homeowners across the United Kingdom.
The Wrexham-Flintshire investment zone bid could bring huge benefits to my region, including more and better-paid jobs.
An investment zone requires collaboration between the Welsh and UK Governments.
There is a possibility that the UK Government could support two zones in Wales, but the Welsh Government have yet to give me a commitment to a second zone.
If they do, will the UK Government also commit?
I can assure my hon.
Friend that I have made a very strong case to Cabinet colleagues for two investment zones in Wales.
She is right that we need the co-operation of the Welsh Labour Government.
I suggest that she, and any Members who represent north Wales, write to the Welsh Labour Government’s economic development Minister and suggest that Welsh Government prioritise two investment zones for Wales.
We would be delighted to work with them when they get around to doing that.
What recent assessment he has made of the strength of the Union.
What recent assessment he has made of the strength of the Union.
Our United Kingdom is stronger than ever.
It is a testament to the strength of the Union that the UK Government have been able to support people across the country, including with £94 billion to respond to cost of living challenges.
At the Welsh Affairs Committee this morning, the First Minister Mark Drakeford blamed the UK Government for not giving adequate financial support to the Welsh Government in times of high inflation and a cost of living crisis.
Can the Secretary of State tell us how much his Department is spending on promoting the UK Government in Wales?
Why does he think that is a better use of taxpayers’ money than funding services for the people of Wales?
I am happy to receive an answer by email if he does not have that information to hand.
First, I can assure the hon.
Lady that the Welsh Labour Government are receiving a record-breaking settlement of more than £18 billion, and 20% more per head to spend on public services than is spent in England.
Perhaps the First Minister should explain why we have longer NHS waiting lists in Wales and why education standards are lower.
As far as spending on public affairs and promotion is concerned, I can assure the hon.
Lady that a far greater amount is spent by the Welsh Labour Government than is ever spent by the Wales Office.
Frankly, the proof of the strength of the Union is demonstrated by the fact that my hon.
Friend  the Member for East Kilbride, Strathaven and Lesmahagow (Dr Cameron)  has joined the Conservative and Unionist party, and she is very welcome.
I have raised the damaging effect of the UK’s Brexit on the port of Holyhead and the north Wales economy in this Chamber 26 times.
Holyhead has been disadvantaged by the lack of a green lane for exports to Northern Ireland.
In August, at last, His Majesty's Revenue and Customs confirmed to me that there will now be a green lane for goods travelling from Wales to Northern Ireland through Holyhead and the Republic.
I emphasise, as a precaution, that this is not a freeport issue—the Secretary of State is very keen on that.
Rather, what specifically is he doing to promote and enable those new procedures for Holyhead?