It is unimaginable agony.
Israel has a right—a duty—to defend itself from Hamas, keep its people safe and bring the hostages home, but is it not clear that if Hamas had a single concern for human life, a single concern for the safety of the Palestinian people, they would never have taken these hostages, and that they should release them immediately?
It is important for us consistently to remember that Israel has suffered a shockingly brutal terrorist attack, and it is Hamas, and Hamas alone, who are responsible for this conflict.
Our thoughts are rightly with those who have been taken hostage and their families.
The distress they are feeling will be unimaginable for all those affected.
I will be meeting some of the families and offering them all the support of the British Government to get their relatives home.
We are working around the clock with our partners and allies to secure their freedom and, importantly, in among my other regional calls, I spoke specifically with the Emir of Qatar yesterday on this very issue, which we discussed at length.
The Qatari Government are taking a lead in working intensely to help release hostages using their contacts in the region, and we are working closely with them to ensure the safe return of the British hostages.
Yesterday I also met charities with staff working in Gaza and heard their accounts of the harrowing humanitarian crisis: children fleeing their homes; hospitals barely able to function.
The lights are going out, and the innocent civilians of Gaza are terrified that they will die in the darkness, out of sight.
International law must always be followed.
Hamas are not the Palestinian people, and the Palestinian people are not Hamas.
Does the Prime Minister agree that medicines, food, fuel and water must get into Gaza immediately?
This is an urgent situation, and innocent Palestinians need to know that the world is not just simply watching, but acting to prevent a humanitarian catastrophe.
As I said on Monday, an acute humanitarian crisis is unfolding to which we must respond.
It is right that we support the Palestinian people, because they are victims of Hamas too.
That is why we have provided a further £10 million in humanitarian aid for people in the region, and we are working on pre-emptively moving aid and relief teams to Egypt, specifically to the  el-Arish airfield.
We are working with local partners like the Egyptian Red Crescent and the United Nations, primarily, and deploying Navy assets to the region, as well as exploring how we can support logistical requirements.
I have also raised the issue of humanitarian access, as a priority, in all my conversations with every leader in the region.
We will continue to work with them to get aid to where it is needed as quickly as possible.
As has been alluded to, since Hamas’s terrorist attack our country has seen a disgusting rise in antisemitism: Jewish businesses attacked, Jewish schools marked with red paint and Jewish families hiding who they are.
And we have seen an appalling surge in Islamophobia: racist graffiti, mosques forced to ramp up security, and British Muslims and Palestinians spoken to as if they are terrorists.
Does the Prime Minister agree with me that every Member of this House has a duty to work in their constituency and across the country to say no to this hate and to ensure that every British Jew and every British Muslim knows they can live their life free from fear and free from discrimination here in their own country?
All of us in this House can play our part in stamping out those who seek to cause division and hate in our society.
We will make sure that we continue funding the Community Security Trust and the equivalent protective security grant that protects mosques and other places of worship for the Islamic community in the UK.
That funding was increased earlier this year.