With regard to humanitarian aid, as I said before, we are already working through pre-emptively moving aid and relief teams into the region.
But, critically, the most important thing is to open up access for that aid to get into Gaza, which is why our conversations with the Egyptians and others are so critical.
We continue to work closely with allies to find every way to get that aid to the people who need it as quickly as possible.
Last night, sections of the British media were reporting as fact that it was Israeli rockets that had landed and attacked the Al-Ahli Hospital, relying on information supplied by officials in terrorist-controlled Gaza.
The headlines have since been rewritten, but the outpouring of Jew hate on social media overnight was vile.
So will the Prime Minister please make the point again that the way that this conflict is being reported has massive implications for our Jewish community and that any information coming from Hamas must be treated with a degree of scrutiny and cross-examination that is, sadly, sometimes lacking?
I commend my right hon.
Friend for his excellent intervention.
He is absolutely right that we should not rush to judgment before we have all the facts on the appalling situation that we saw yesterday, particularly given the sensitivity that he raises and the impact on communities here, but also across the region.
As I said, it is incumbent on all of those in positions of responsibility in this House and outside in the media to recognise that the words we say will have an impact, and we should be careful with them.
We are working with our allies to establish the truth of what has happened.
We will do that robustly and independently, but my right hon.
Friend is right to point out that in the same way as we do not treat what comes out of the Kremlin as the gospel truth, we should not do that with Hamas.
I associate my party with the comments made in relation to the deplorable loss of innocent human life in both Israel and Gaza.
Having left the European Union, building links and co-operation across the four nations of our United Kingdom can only strengthen the Union.
Will the Prime Minister agree with my proposal for the creation of an east-west council, to bring together all parts of the UK family to discuss and collaborate on trade and the many other opportunities presented by the Union?
The right hon.
Gentleman made a powerful case in his conference speech last weekend for a strong, functioning Northern Ireland within our Union.
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland has had the opportunity to discuss our shared commitment to the Union with the right hon.
Gentleman’s party over recent weeks and months, and I am grateful for the constructive approach and tone taken in those discussions.
There is considerable merit in the idea of a new east-west council to further strengthen the Union, and I look forward to exploring the issue further with him and his colleagues.
Following my right hon.
Friend’s decision to reallocate funding from HS2, may I urge him to consider a number of projects that will boost the economy and improve the quality of life for my constituents and others in northern Lincolnshire?
In order for access to the Humber freeport to be improved, the A15 between Lincoln and the A180 needs to be dualled.
In particular, the A180 causes no end of problems for residents in nearby villages because of its concrete surface, so I urge him to deal with its resurfacing.
Finally, Mr Speaker—
Order.
Finally, I think the AA atlas has run out.
My hon.
Friend has been a long-standing champion for Cleethorpes, and particularly for the importance of strong regional transport connections.