The enormous danger is that the Israeli reaction, led by a Prime Minister who will be held accountable for this failure of intelligence, is going to amount—is indeed amounting—to a war crime.
That will not only be a crime; it will be a mistake.
I urge my right hon.
Friend: there is now no one better placed to urge Israel to stay within the international rule of law, and to exercise restraint on behalf of us all.
As a friend, we will always urge Israel to take every possible practical precaution to avoid harming civilians, and indeed to act within international law, as Israel’s President has said its armed forces will do, while recognising the incredible complexity and difficulty of the situation on the ground.
It bears repeating that Hamas is a terrorist organisation that embeds itself inside a civilian population.
We always have to remember that.
Israel is taking every possible practical step to avoid harming civilians, and we will do everything we can to provide humanitarian support to the area.
The Prime Minister will be delighted to know that nuclear veterans like my constituent’s grandad, John, are starting to receive the medals he promised, but John is still not getting his full medical records.
His blood tests from Christmas Island, which are crucial to claiming a war pension, are missing, and countless veterans report the same.
As the Ministry of Defence has admitted that it holds at least 150 files withheld from national archives referring to blood test and other data, will he review those documents, report back to the House and hold a public inquiry into why medical record omissions have happened, and on whose instruction?
I start by thanking all our veterans for their contribution to our safety and security.
I am delighted to have been able to announce the new nuclear test medal last year and that it is starting to be received by many people, including the hon.
Lady’s constituent.
She will know that I cannot comment on ongoing litigation in respect of requests for health records, but I can say that anyone can request copies of their own medical data by submitting a subject access request to the Department, and if they are not satisfied with the processing of that request, they can make a formal complaint via the complaints process.
We appear to be on a downward spiral in the middle east, which inevitably will lead to a humanitarian crisis.
The role of Egypt will be fantastically important.
What can we in the wider international community do to work with the Egyptians to ensure that refugees coming on to Egyptian soil are legitimate refugees who pose no threat to the Egyptian state and are not terrorists in disguise?
My hon.
Friend raises an excellent point regarding the Egyptians’ concerns about that border, but we have prioritised speaking with President Sisi and are in continued dialogue with our Egyptian partners to see what we can do to provide reassurances and get humanitarian aid to the region.
We are working with local partners, including the Egyptian Red Crescent,  and the UN on the ground.
There will be a significant logistical challenge in stockpiling aid at the border and then moving it into Gaza, but I assure my hon.
Friend and the whole House that the Development Minister is actively engaged in that work as we speak, so that we can play a leading role in facilitating the provision of that aid.
This is the final question before the urgent question.
I call Patricia Gibson.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
The industrial dispute at the Defence Equipment and Support, Ministry of Defence site at Beith in my constituency is dragging on, as workers engage in strike action for parity and fairness in the workplace.