Information is incomplete, our access is severely limited and sadly we have to rely on a number of interlocutors and people over whom we do not have direct control, including Hamas.
We will continue to support British nationals as best we can, until they have been evacuated from that area.
One fact that is not in dispute is that every rocket fired from Gaza into Israel is aimed at murdering civilians, in stark contrast to Israeli defensive action.
Last night, there were Members in this place, including senior Members, scurrying around, stating as fact that this incident was caused by an Israeli rocket.
The BBC and other media referred to statements by “Hamas officials”—I think they meant to say Hamas terrorists—and presented them as fact without challenge.
That not only risks radicalisation of communities in this country, where we already know there is a problem with antisemitism, but puts Jews at risk.
I urge colleagues to be careful of their comments given the role that blood libels play in promoting antisemitism.
My hon.
Friend makes an incredibly important point, and I restate my request of all people commenting on this—whether they have a formal role within the media or are in a high-profile position, such as Members of this House—to be thoughtful of the implications of their actions, to be sceptical of all information coming out from Hamas, and to take a little extra time to verify, which can literally save lives here and abroad.
I know this situation is complex, and the taking of life and hostages, whether Israeli or Palestinian, is abhorrent, but we have to recognise that Palestinians cannot defend themselves.
They have no means, and now their places of sanctuary, such as hospitals, are no longer safe places either.
For that reason, I urge the Foreign Secretary once more to call for a ceasefire, so that we can see a de-escalation in this horrific conflict.
Of course everybody—I will rephrase that.
All reasonable people want this terrible situation to be resolved, and resolved quickly.
This was not a conflict that Israel asked for; it is a conflict that they were forced to engage in because of the mass murder in their country perpetrated by Hamas terrorists who embed themselves in schools, hospitals and in civilian communities.
Calls for ceasefires are all well and good, but I have seen nothing—nothing—that leads me to believe that Hamas would respect calls for a ceasefire.
May I say to my right hon.
Friend that whatever the investigation finds out, in a sense it will not matter a great deal to all those who are dead in the hospital?
Whether the Israeli explanation is correct that it was an Islamic Jihad missile that misfired and then landed among explosives that were on the hospital site that then killed so many people, or whether it was an Israeli strike, in the end both sides have now committed war crimes.
If they are just additional crimes being added to the ledger on either side, that is simply what it will be.
I say to my right hon.
Friend, in his relations with Israel and in reinforcing the position of the Prime Minister, that the only way to get out of this mess is a ceasefire.
Otherwise, we will not see the relief of people who are starving and are dehydrating to death—that is a collective punishment, which is illegal under international law—following the deportation of people from northern Gaza, which again is illegal under international law.
There are specific offences that have already taken place, and I say to my right hon.
Friend: for all our sakes, he should work, as he said, with clear-minded determination to get the best answer from our ally.
The House needs to understand that prior to Hamas’s terrorist attack, tens of thousands of Gazans passed through the border into Israel every day in order to work.