In this tense situation, UK diplomacy is relentlessly focused on our aims: supporting our nationals in their moment of need, pushing for and delivering humanitarian support, and working to prevent tensions spilling over into the wider region or playing out on the streets of this country.
I have travelled to Israel and engaged with G7 allies and regional partners, and I will visit the region again later today because we recognise that this will require intensive effort.
None of us knows how this complex, protracted situation will develop.
The Government are committed to keeping the House updated.
Both here in the UK and in the region, this is a time for cool heads and determination to make a difference.
Thank you so much, Mr Speaker, for granting this urgent question.
I am grateful to the Foreign Secretary for his engagement with the Opposition at this very difficult time.
Today, we stand united in mourning the death of hundreds of innocent Palestinian civilians at the Al-Ahli Hospital.
A place of healing became a scene of destruction.
Hospitals must always be protected.
The death of every civilian, Palestinian or Israeli, is an equal tragedy that pushes back the cause of peace.
When facing an incident of this magnitude, we all have a duty to act responsibly and judiciously as the facts are determined.
Will the Foreign Secretary join me in urging everyone in this House and beyond to be wary of disinformation, and to avoid dangerous speculation before the facts are clear?
Will he also update the House on what he is doing to deal with outside powers that might be seeking to drive division on our own shores?
The Prime Minister and the Foreign Secretary have rightly said that they are working to establish the facts, looking at intelligence with our allies, and that must be right.
We also note President Biden’s comments earlier today.
Can the Foreign Secretary confirm whether the UK Government share that initial assessment?
I also ask him to share with us what information he can, either publicly or on Privy Council terms.
Does he agree that those responsible for the deaths at the Al-Ahli Hospital must be held to account?
Since Hamas’s appalling terrorist attack on Israel 11 days ago, Labour has been crystal clear that: first, we support Israel’s right to defend itself, rescue hostages and protect its citizens; secondly, international law must be followed at all times; and thirdly, civilians must not be targeted, aid must be provided and innocent lives must be protected.
Gaza is in the middle of an active humanitarian emergency: innocent Palestinian civilians are terrified for their lives.
Can the Foreign Secretary today commit that the Government will leave no stone unturned in their diplomatic efforts to secure humanitarian access to food, water, fuel, electricity and medicines, and to ensure the establishment of humanitarian corridors and the proper protection of humanitarian workers?
Palestinian civilians in Gaza must know that the world is not simply watching, but acting on their behalf.
The right hon.
Gentleman makes a number of important points, which I commend to the House—a number of which I will respond to and, indeed, amplify.
He is absolutely right that this is an incredibly sensitive situation, and not just for the region itself.
Our desire to prevent this tragedy from expanding into a regional conflict remains an absolute priority, and of course we have a duty as a Government—I am sure it is a passion shared by the whole House—to ensure that Jewish and Muslim communities in the UK are safe and feel safe, and do not experience ramifications from circumstances that are far beyond these shores and beyond their control.
For that reason, everybody—particularly those who have a voice in the public sphere, whether formal or informal—should be particularly careful about what information they disseminate.
They should be particularly vigilant against disinformation, and speculation is never useful.