We must all understand the culpability that they hold for many  of these civilian casualties, but I will, of course, once again speak with the Israelis about making every effort that they are able to make to minimise civilian casualties.
Whoever was responsible for the hospital attack last evening, it was an appalling human tragedy, and we think of all those who have lost their loved ones at this time.
I welcome the Foreign Secretary’s commitment to be evidence-led in what the Government say about this incident.
Does he agree that if the UK intelligence community, whether that is GCHQ, the Secret Intelligence Service, Defence Intelligence and so on, are having to take time and deliberate in order to come to a conclusion, perhaps all of us in this place, including media organisations outside this place, should also show the same caution and consideration before making statements that could prove incendiary?
My right hon.
Friend makes an incredibly important point.
There is, of course, the completely understandable desire of media outlets to report promptly, but I believe they have a greater duty to report accurately and responsibly.
Words that emanate from the UK are taken seriously.
We have huge standing in the world, and things that are said at the Dispatch Box, in this House and on our media, are listened to around the world.
Therefore, we have an enhanced duty to ensure that the words we say are accurate.
I deplore the loss of all civilian life, Israeli and Palestinian, and I commend the Foreign Secretary for his caution over attributing blame for last night’s attack.
Does he think that we should also be cautious about the figures for casualties coming from Gaza?
They do not describe all as civilian casualties; there is reason to believe that there is a very high volume of Hamas combatants among those figures.
The hon.
Gentleman makes an important point.
I am not going to minimise the pain and suffering of those Palestinian families who have lost loved ones and had people injured, but we know that just as Hamas are abusing the Palestinian people, they also abuse the figures that they put in the public domain.
We must be highly sceptical of any information coming out of Hamas, just as the Prime Minister said we should be.
We remain focused on trying to reduce the pain and suffering of the Palestinian people, as well as supporting Israel and its self-defence.
While doing so we should be deeply, deeply sceptical of any and all information coming from Hamas spokespersons.
I commend my right hon.
Friend for his caution.
We should remind ourselves of the words of Mark Twain:
“A lie can travel half way around the world”
before the truth has got its boots on.
Never more certainly was that the case than here.
I remind hon.
Members that Hamas bear complete responsibility for everything.
Our hearts go out to all the innocents who have died and suffered—of course they do—but Hamas are the perpetrators and they have brought this on themselves.
We remind ourselves that when they murdered all those Israeli Jews in the territories, they filmed them and committed atrocities deliberately.
That was to remind  the Israelis of the holocaust and what was likely to come.
Does the Foreign Secretary agree that broadcasters should not enter into discursive debate?
When as issue such as this happens, they should report the facts as known, and nothing further.
My right hon.
Friend speaks with authority and clarity on this, and I find myself in complete agreement with him.
I have Jewish friends who are trying to keep their children off social media, because they know that they will be assaulted with images of Israelis who have been murdered and whose bodies have been desecrated.
No one in the modern era should have to endure that kind of repeated pain.