Friend makes some important points.
The truth is that we remain committed to a two-state solution, with Palestinians and Israelis living side-by-side in peace and prosperity.
While at the moment and in these circumstances that might feel like an unachievable aim, we refuse to be fatalistic and give up that aspiration.
The details will be for negotiation, but he and the House will have heard us say on a number of occasions that it will be based on the 1967 borders, with land swaps and a shared capital in Jerusalem.
But we will not be dogmatic; what we want to see is peace brought about.
I hear what he said about appointing a special envoy.
We have some of our most capable people in our posts in Tel Aviv and Jerusalem and in Gaza.
I repeat my condemnation of the Hamas attacks against innocent Israeli citizens.
We saw civilians in Gaza forcibly moved from their homes with no guarantee of safety or return, yet the Government failed to speak out.
We saw food, water and electricity cut off in Gaza, yet the Government failed to speak out.
Last night, we saw the destruction of a hospital in Gaza.
The Government now need to speak out.
Will the Foreign Secretary support the International Criminal Court investigation into the situation in Palestine, given that the prosecutor has said that its mandate includes the current context?
That so obviously and urgently must include investigation of the hospital explosion.
We need to ensure that no more blood is spilled.
We need a ceasefire now.
I must say to the hon.
Lady that her assessment of the UK Government’s voice on this issue is fundamentally wrong.
We have consistently discussed with Israel—and publicly—our commitment to humanitarian law.
She needs to understand that a military force highlighting a future potential area of conflict and encouraging people to move away from that area of conflict is not forced relocation. [
Interruption.]
It is not forced relocation.
I draw her attention to the actions that Hamas have taken to prevent innocent Palestinians from moving away from places of danger.
The contrast could not be more stark.
Given that we do not know the facts about what happened and whether, for example, this was a ghastly mistake, we should be here not to blame but to mourn the loss of so many doctors, staff and patients at the Al-Ahli Arab Hospital, which I and several other hon.
Members from the House visited more than a decade ago.
It was founded in the late 19th century by the Episcopal Church in Jerusalem and is run by it to this day, so it is likely that Christians as well as Muslims will have lost their lives.
Will my right hon.
Friend, whose approach has been appropriately calm at a time when we need to reduce and not inflame tensions both domestically and in the middle east, do his best to stay in touch with the Anglican Church to see if it has more information about what has happened to those who were there, to see how we can help re-establish what was a valuable programme—for example, it provided free breast cancer treatment and mobile clinics—and do all he can to think about how, in the longer term, we can enable people in that troubled land to co-exist in a way that we have, for so long, failed to do, supporting the United Nations Relief and Works Agency as far as possible on its humanitarian mission?