Friend is taking to fight hate crime and to bring people together, may I ask him to consider urgently an immediate and specific policy of revoking the visas of any foreign national who commits an act of antisemitism or any other hate crime?
I completely agree with my right hon.
Friend, who has himself done so much over the years to fight antisemitism.
The increase in the number of such incidents that we have seen over the past week is utterly sickening, and this Government will do whatever it takes to keep our Jewish community safe.
We have provided an additional £3 million to support the Community Security Trust, we are working with the police to ensure that hate crime and the glorification of terror are met by the full force of the law, and under our existing immigration rules we have the power to cancel a person’s presence in the UK if it is not conducive to the public good.
We will not tolerate this hatred—not in this country, not in this century.
I call the Leader of the Opposition.
Can I start by warmly welcoming my hon.
Friend  the new Member for Rutherglen and Hamilton West (Michael Shanks) ?
The news last night of hundreds killed at the Baptist hospital in Gaza is incredibly distressing, but it is much worse for the people of Gaza.
Their fear that there is no place of safety is profound.
International law must be upheld, and that means hospitals and civilian lives must be protected.
Last night the Foreign Secretary said that the UK will work with our allies to find out what has happened.
I know that this only happened last night, but can the Prime Minister please tell us when he thinks he might be able to update the House on progress with that work?
I know that the whole House will have been shocked by the scenes at Al-Ahli Hospital.
Any loss of innocent life is a dreadful tragedy and everyone will be thinking both of those who have lost their lives and of the families they leave behind.
We should not rush to judgment before we have all the facts on this awful situation.
Every Member will know that the words we say here have an impact beyond this House.
This morning, I met the National Security Adviser and the Chair of the Joint Intelligence Committee, and I can tell the right hon.
and learned Gentleman that our intelligence services have been rapidly analysing the evidence to independently establish the facts.
We are not in a position at this point to say more than that, but I can tell him that we are working at pace and co-operating and collaborating with our allies on this issue as we look to get to the bottom of the situation.
We will also continue all our efforts to get humanitarian aid into the region.
I thank the Prime Minister for his answer.
The terrible news last night came as we are still mourning the terrorist attack on Israel last week, with Jews taken hostage, mutilated, slaughtered.
Yesterday I met the families of some of the British hostages held by Hamas.
Every minute of every hour of every day, they hope for good news but fear the worst.
They know that the lives of their loved ones are in the hands of murderers.
It is unimaginable agony.
Israel has a right—a duty—to defend itself from Hamas, keep its people safe and bring the hostages home, but is it not clear that if Hamas had a single concern for human life, a single concern for the safety of the Palestinian people, they would never have taken these hostages, and that they should release them immediately?
It is important for us consistently to remember that Israel has suffered a shockingly brutal terrorist attack, and it is Hamas, and Hamas alone, who are responsible for this conflict.