Friend speaks with authority and clarity on this, and I find myself in complete agreement with him.
I have Jewish friends who are trying to keep their children off social media, because they know that they will be assaulted with images of Israelis who have been murdered and whose bodies have been desecrated.
No one in the modern era should have to endure that kind of repeated pain.
Evacuation orders in the past week have included hospitals, but many vulnerable people are unable to move because of their disabilities or illness.
What conversations has the Foreign Secretary had directly with UK aid agencies and non-governmental organisations about that situation?
What more can the UK do to ensure that civilian populations, including medical and aid workers, are protected?
The hon.
Lady raises an incredibly important point, and my Department remains in close co-ordination with international aid agencies and NGOs.
We recognise the practical difficulties of that evacuation order, and in a highly dense area such as Gaza we completely understand those practical difficulties, particularly for medical organisations.. As imperfect as it may be, attempting to remove civilians from a future area of military operations stands in sharp contrast with the actions of Hamas, who are actively seeking to prevent people from leaving an area of future conflict, and intentionally putting civilians in the way, using innocent Palestinians as human shields.
I commend the Foreign Secretary, and his Opposition shadow, for their tone, but the fact is that last night an evil terrorist organisation that murders Jews and oppresses Palestinians was instantly believed in a number of quarters, whereas many refused to acknowledge that Jewish babies had been brutally murdered without demanding graphic proof.
Does the Foreign Secretary agree that unsubstantiated reports such as those we saw last night might actually cost lives, because they inflame tensions in an already highly volatile region?
My right hon.
and learned Friend is absolutely right.
Everything has a cost, and rushed, inaccurate reporting costs lives.
Everybody, whether they are formally involved in the reporting process, a citizen journalist or just active on social media, should be very conscious that this involves real lives in the most sensitive of circumstances and that such reporting could have repercussions not just in the area or the region, but in this country as well.
We rightly unite to condemn the barbaric actions of Hamas against innocent Israelis, and the loss of Palestinian lives and the unfolding humanitarian crisis is a profound tragedy.
The scenes at al-Ahli Hospital shock us all, and I hope the Secretary of State will do everything to ensure an independent investigation, but people in Gaza are trapped,  so what more will he do to ensure consular support not just on the ground there, but to families heartbroken back here in the UK?
Will he hear and heed the words of Nadia El-Nakla, the wife of our Scottish First Minister, whose family are trapped there right now?
She said:
“We are not watching a natural disaster, this can be stopped.”
The consular department in the FCDO has got in contact with the families of those British nationals who are trapped in Gaza, and we are providing ongoing consular support.
The hon.
Lady will understand that the experience of the First Minister, his wife and their family is a live example of the plight of a number of families.
Information is incomplete, our access is severely limited and sadly we have to rely on a number of interlocutors and people over whom we do not have direct control, including Hamas.
We will continue to support British nationals as best we can, until they have been evacuated from that area.
One fact that is not in dispute is that every rocket fired from Gaza into Israel is aimed at murdering civilians, in stark contrast to Israeli defensive action.