I call Patricia Gibson.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
The industrial dispute at the Defence Equipment and Support, Ministry of Defence site at Beith in my constituency is dragging on, as workers engage in strike action for parity and fairness in the workplace.
These workers are critical to ensuring that necessary supplies to Ukraine are uninterrupted,  but all attempts by the workers to resolve this dispute have proved to be unsuccessful in the face of management intransigence.
Will the Prime Minister personally and urgently use his influence to ensure that a meaningful offer is made to these workers, so that the matter can be resolved, further strike action can be averted, and supplies to Ukraine can continue without disruption?
I thank the hon.
Member for highlighting the critical role played by non-craft support operatives at Defence Munitions.
Different rates of pay for workers with different skills and qualifications are entirely normal practice in both the public and the private sector.
This year, as part of DE&S pay 2023, a generous pay award was delivered which significantly improved the base pay of workers engaged in the dispute.
I am told that officials continue to be open to talks on a constructive basis with the GMB to resolve the situation.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs if he will make a statement on the explosion at the Al-Ahli Arab Hospital in Gaza.
The destruction of the Al-Ahli Arab Hospital in Gaza is an appalling tragedy.
A hospital is a place of compassion and care.
This devastating loss of human life is profoundly disturbing.
I am sure that I speak for the whole House when I offer my sincere condolences to the families of the deceased and to the injured.
The UK is working intensively with our allies to establish the facts.
We will not rush to judgment.
The whole House will understand that pointing fingers prematurely only fuels regional instability and upsets community cohesion here in the UK.
We need a firm grasp of what has happened, not a slew of social media commentary.
We all share a duty to be thoughtful and careful in how we respond to reports emerging from the conflict, which can be at best incomplete or at worst examples of active disinformation.
We are carefully analysing the evidence that has been put in the public domain, and other information.
As soon as we have reached a definitive conclusion for ourselves, we will make it public.
Some things are not in doubt, however.
As my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister set out, Hamas carried out a terrorist assault on Israel that was unprecedented in that country’s 75-year history.
The whole House united in support of Israel’s right to defend itself against terrorism.
In defending itself, Israel must act with professionalism and an unwavering commitment to international law.
States must take every precaution to minimise civilian casualties and ensure that humanitarian support reaches those in need.
I welcome President Herzog’s unequivocal commitment—made both directly to me and in public—that Israel is operating in accordance with the rules of international law.
By embedding themselves in civilian populations, using innocent Palestinians as human shields, launching thousands of rockets since Saturday from one of the most crowded places in the world, and preventing civilians from heeding Israeli warnings about future areas of operation, Hamas reveal themselves and their callous indifference to human life.
In this tense situation, UK diplomacy is relentlessly focused on our aims: supporting our nationals in their moment of need, pushing for and delivering humanitarian support, and working to prevent tensions spilling over into the wider region or playing out on the streets of this country.
I have travelled to Israel and engaged with G7 allies and regional partners, and I will visit the region again later today because we recognise that this will require intensive effort.
None of us knows how this complex, protracted situation will develop.