There are 170,000 fewer apprenticeship starts than in 2017.
The Prime Minister cast doubt on the future of T-levels in his conference speech, when he said that he thought they should be scrapped.
Just what is the Government’s plan, or will they leave it to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Houghton and Sunderland South (Bridget Phillipson)  to address the chronic shortage of technical skills over which they have presided?
I would have thought that the hon.
Gentleman would celebrate the 9,000-plus apprenticeship starts in his constituency since 2010.
We have built our skills revolution in everything from apprenticeships and our T-level programme to our higher technical qualifications, free boot camps and free level 3 courses, and that is driving the increased skills uptake.
It is worth noting that we have had 337,000 apprenticeship starts over the past year.
He should welcome that.
I call the shadow Minister.
Shockingly, results last summer revealed that one in three students dropped out of their T-level course, which is higher than for earlier cohorts.
Something is going very wrong.
In April, the Education Committee raised major concerns about T-level roll-outs, regional variations and falling employer engagement.
Access to opportunity really matters, so should the Minister not now pause and review the defunding of alternative qualifications, as Labour would, and urgently bring forward the 2023-24 T-level action plan in order to address concerns raised by the Select Committee and Ofsted and bring much-needed clarity and support for colleges, employers, parents and students?
Not content with being in the anti-apprenticeship party, given her plans to weaken the apprenticeship levy and halve the number of apprenticeships, the hon.
Lady is also taking on the mantle of T-level denier.
We have 18 T-levels; we have, as I mentioned, a 90.5% pass rate; we have 10,000 students doing our T-level programme; and we expect the data that we will release early next year to show that many thousands more students are doing the T-level programme.[Official Report,  18 December 2023 , Vol.
742, c. 7MC.]
I am very proud of our T-level programme.
I know that the hon.
Lady will be eating mince pies at Christmas, but I suggest that early next year she may be eating humble pie, because our T-level programme is something to be proud of.
If her Department will make an assessment of the potential impact of after-school childcare on long-term educational outcomes.
In October, the Government announced the allocation of £289 million of start-up funding to local authorities for wraparound care, which we know supports parents to work, as well as having the potential to improve attainment, engagement and attendance.[Official Report,  18 December 2023 , Vol.
742, c. 7MC.]
I recently visited Muschamp Primary School in Carshalton and Wallington, where I observed the Junior Adventures Group UK—a leading provider of school-age childcare in my constituency—in the crucial support that it gives children, particularly those with special educational needs, beyond school hours.
However, it is evident that school-age childcare needs reform.
I welcome that £289 million, but can my hon.
Friend explain how the frameworks will ensure that that investment effectively supports families, specifically those with requirements for special educational needs and disabilities?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
We have set out clear expectations that all wraparound provision should be inclusive and accessible.
We have given local authorities flexibility in how to spend their funding, but we expect them to distribute it in a way that ensures equal access to provision for parents of children with special educational needs.
What steps her Department is taking to support pupils with special educational needs and disabilities.
We want all children to receive the right support to reach their full potential.