We are, as the hon.
Lady will know, committed to ensure that reasonable costs for temporary accommodation and so on are covered in the immediate term and beyond, to make sure that capital costs are covered for either refurbishment or, in some cases, rebuild.
There will be further detail to come before long.
England has shot up the international rankings in education, but schools in Wales have not.
Does that not show that Conservative education reforms are helping kids to thrive in schools in England?
Yes.
We have to compare and contrast that with Wales, which has the lowest educational standards in the UK.
The simple answer to why that is, is that it is run by Labour.
Under Labour, our education standards plummeted from eighth to 27th in maths, from seventh to 25th in reading and from fourth to 16th in science.
Thanks to the hard work of our teachers and pupils, and the reforms under this Conservative Government, we have rocketed back up the tables to 11th for maths and 13th for reading and science.
Every time Labour gets power, education standards fall.
The Conservatives are the only ones taking the long-term decisions to deliver a better education for our children.
Please work with me to enable everybody to get in.
Despite my private Member’s Bill on statutory guidance to reduce the cost of school uniforms—the Education (Guidance about Costs of School Uniforms) Act 2021—far too many schools require a plethora of logos and branded items.
When can we expect more robust intervention from Ministers to deal with this issue?
Schools should be reasonable in what they do and that is what our guidance sets out.
Staff at Bramhall High School have worked extremely hard to maintain the education of students following the discovery of RAAC.
I am grateful for the support given by the  Department and Stockport Council to ensure that temporary classrooms will be in place in the new year.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in thanking the headteacher and the staff for all their hard work?
Given the existing condition of the school, will he join me in calling for it to be included in a new build programme?
Can you just help me to get through?
Members have not got in yet and I really do want to help everybody.
I join my hon.
Friend in thanking and paying tribute to all the staff, children and families at Bramhall High Street.
She is a great advocate for them.
Schools and colleges will be offered either capital grants to fund refurbishment or permanently remove RAAC, or rebuilding projects where they are needed.
Last week, the Government published an update of the list of schools with RAAC.
Will the Minister confirm that the Department is seeking to cross-check its list of schools affected by RAAC with the BBC, because it remains the case that the BBC journalists have more of a grip on this crisis than the Government?
We have a lot of people working on this and rightly so, including making sure that all the surveys get done.
We have also committed to being transparent, which is why we publish regular updates to the list.
We continue to work at pace to try to resolve the problems as quickly as possible for the good of the children.
Malvern College in my constituency employs hundreds of local people, supports the local economy, earns export earnings for our country, ensures that people around the world love the UK, and is a huge supporter of our local schools.
What kind of destructive ideology would put all that at risk and make the UK the only country in the world to tax education?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
It is a dreadful policy and it will have exactly the opposite impact.
It will probably actually cost money and mean children moving schools, and all because the Labour party just plays the politics of envy.