Reducing unnecessary workload is a priority for the Department and for me.
We have convened a workload reduction taskforce of experts, teaching unions and practitioners to make recommendations on how to minimise workload for teachers and school leaders.
It is good to see you back, Mr Speaker, and looking so well.
The last-minute nature of Ofsted inspections is causing huge anxiety to my small rural schools in Meon Valley.
That means that teachers and in particular headteachers are putting off activities, such as residential school trips, educational trips and professional development courses, in case they get that call from Ofsted.
Will my right hon.
Friend consider changing the notice period for inspections so that teachers can plan their workload better?
I value all those activities that my hon.
Friend sets out that schools undertake for their children.
Like her, I represent a rural constituency—indeed, we have next-door constituencies.
I recognise what she says about small rural schools.
Inspections have an important role to play, but Ofsted also has the flexibility in the framework to take account of the particular position of smaller schools.
Teacher workloads are being exacerbated by teacher vacancies that schools are struggling to fill, and funding pressures are resulting in cuts to support staff, who often support the most vulnerable and needy children.
That is leading to an exodus of teachers from our schools.
Just last week, we saw the staggering figures from the Government that teacher training recruitment targets have been missed by a whopping 50% in our secondary schools, with the sharpest fall in maths, which is allegedly a priority for the Prime Minister.
How bad does it have to get before the Government will produce and implement a proper workforce strategy?
I can confirm that there are 27,000 more teachers and 60,000 more teaching assistants in our schools compared with 2010.
We have the most talented generation of teachers ever, and we continue to focus on a strong recruitment and retention strategy, so that we continue to get the best talent to teach our children.
I call the Scottish National party spokesperson.
The workload and stress levels of teachers rise exponentially during an inspection.
I am sure that the Minister will join me in offering condolences to the friends and family of Ruth Perry.
In the light of the coroner’s verdict that the “rude and intimidating” nature of the Ofsted inspection contributed to Ruth Perry’s tragic suicide, how is the Minister ensuring the welfare of school leaders is prioritised during inspections?
I of course extend my condolences to the friends and family of Ruth Perry.
It was the most awful tragedy.
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State will say a word on that tragedy and Ofsted in a moment.
For now, let me just say that of course the  inspection framework and process must both be fully informative to parents, and supportive to teachers and schools.
What recent assessment her Department has made of the impact of free school meals on children and their parents.
Free school meals support disadvantaged families to the value of £480 a year, ensuring that eligible pupils receive a healthy, nutritious meal.
The Government have expanded free school meals more than any other in recent decades; now, more than a third of pupils in England receive them, compared with a sixth in 2010.
Recently, we have had high food inflation.
While I welcome the fact that the Government have now halved inflation, one of my small schools has told me that it is unable to provide free meals within the money allocated, as it cannot benefit from the same economies of scale as larger schools.
Will my right hon.
Friend review the funds available for small schools?
I acknowledge my hon.
Friend’s point.
The national funding formula recognises that some schools are necessarily small and do not have the same opportunities to realise economies of scale.