While pushing for that as a means to further pauses in hostilities, can the Minister confirm what discussions are taking place with international partners to create the conditions where Israel is secure and Palestinians can see a path to reconstruction, renewal and statehood in Gaza?
I reassure the hon.
Lady that those discussions are indeed taking place.
The Foreign Secretary was in Washington DC last week, and he had discussions with his counterpart.
The Prime Minister had a lengthy conversation with Prime Minister Netanyahu on  5 December , and at COP the Prime Minister met Israel, Qatar, Egypt and Jordan.
He emphasised throughout the importance of providing a political horizon.
The hon.
Lady is right to identify the set of actions that are required, but she may rest assured that the Government are doing everything we can to pursue them.
I was profoundly disappointed by the Minister’s comments when he dismissed calls for a humanitarian ceasefire as being implausible.
If it is so implausible, can he explain why that is the position of every other country in the world with the exception of the United States of America, and does he not understand that it is damaging this country’s credibility to be an honest broker in the necessary international discussions that have to follow?
Can he name one action by his Department that has been designed to try to gain the trust of the Palestinian people in this conflict?
On the hon.
Gentleman’s last point, I am in no doubt that Lord Cameron’s visit to the west bank will have done just that.
On his first point, perhaps he should ask those who are advocating for a ceasefire the question that I have sought to answer: how can there be a ceasefire when neither party to the military action would be willing to accept one?
Since the terrible attack by Hamas on  7 October , more than 250 Palestinians have been killed by illegal settlers in the west bank and there are unconfirmed reports of the involvement of the Israel Defence Forces in the violence.
The criteria outlining who can receive arms export licences from the Government include strong wording on violence against women and children.
What diplomatic engagement has the Minister had to ensure that any arms exported from this country are not used to facilitate unlawful military activity?
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right to make it clear that the targeted killing of civilians is completely unacceptable.
That is why I said in response to the shadow Foreign Secretary that we seek not just the arrest but the prosecution and punishment of those responsible.
In respect of arms licences, she may well know that Britain has the most demanding export licence regime of any country in the world.
I think that can give us all confidence that those export licences are granted on the right terms.
Is it not very obvious that Israel is herding the entire population of Gaza, in a state of utter desperation and poverty, with a lack of food, medicine and water, and with serious injuries that cannot be treated, and that its ultimate aim is to expel the population of Gaza and to reoccupy it?
Does the Minister not think it is time that we supported the call for a ceasefire, as every other nation in the world has done, and stopped being isolated in this ridiculous approach of saying that somehow a ceasefire cannot work?
We have to start somewhere to save life.
We have to start somewhere to prevent this catastrophe from getting even worse, on top of the 18,000 already killed in Gaza.
I have set out what we are trying to do to relieve the suffering the right hon.
Gentleman so eloquently describes in Gaza, but I have to caution him that a simple call for a ceasefire is not the answer.