We have 18 T-levels; we have, as I mentioned, a 90.5% pass rate; we have 10,000 students doing our T-level programme; and we expect the data that we will release early next year to show that many thousands more students are doing the T-level programme.
I am very proud of our T-level programme.
I know that the hon.
Lady will be eating mince pies at Christmas, but I suggest that early next year she may be eating humble pie, because our T-level programme is something to be proud of.
In October, the Government announced the allocation of £289 million of start-up funding to local authorities for wraparound care, which we know supports parents to work, as well as having the potential to improve attainment, engagement and attendance.
We are investing £2.6 billion to transform the special educational needs and alternative provision system.
That has included a 36% increase in funding to Birmingham, where the timeliness of EHCPs has been getting better each year between 2020 and 2022.
As I said to the hon.
Lady, we have something like 689,000 international students and our target is 600,000 a year.
We are working very closely with Sir Steve Smith.
We want to diversify to a whole range of different countries to advertise ourselves to  international students but, as I say, the trends are good.
The hundreds of thousands of international students who are here benefit our economy and provide an important source of income for universities.
I welcome the hon.
Gentleman’s question.
I am absolutely committed to the target of 600,000.
As I said in response to the previous question, we have surpassed that, with well over 680,000 students.
As I say, they are of benefit to our universities and our economy, and they are a very important source of income for all our higher education institutions.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps she is taking to help reduce the impact of industrial action by teachers on children and parents.
Last year’s strikes were one of the biggest outbreaks of industrial action in a generation.
Over 25 million school days were lost, with far-reaching consequences across our society.
We cannot afford a repeat of that disruption, and it is my duty to protect children’s education.
That is why we are consulting on minimum service levels to end further disruption to education, while providing certainty to parents.
MSLs will balance the right to strike with children’s fundamental right to a good education.
The issue extends to university students as well.
My constituent’s final degree papers were not marked this year because of industrial action.
That put in jeopardy her postgraduate course and her employment offer.
Her degree was issued only after her mother personally visited the dean of the university involved and demanded action.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking to ensure that degree exam papers are marked on time in the current academic year?
Our young people should never be pawns in the disputes of adults.
The behaviour of University and College Union members was disgraceful, and their actions caused untold disruption and stress for thousands of students.
Although the higher education sector is independent of Government, the damaging impact of strike action cannot go unchecked.
That is why we are consulting on minimum service levels in this sector, unlike the Labour party, which always bows to its union paymasters.
It is a pleasure to be called to ask a supplementary to the first question.
I am ever mindful of the importance that the industrial action finishes.
Has the Secretary of State had any opportunities to discuss this with the Department of Education in Northern Ireland?
I understand that she has no responsibility for Northern Ireland, but it is important that we work together to try to solve the problems of industrial action.
It is affecting loads of schools, particularly those whose pupils have special educational needs.
I am really concerned.
The hon.