This is not a natural disaster; it is deliberate military action, during which Israeli forces have so far killed 130 UN aid staff, mostly alongside their families.
How many more innocent people must die before Members on both Front Benches realise the scale of the atrocities and demand a permanent ceasefire as the only way out?
I understand the right hon.
Lady’s strength of feeling, but she does no service to Members on either Front Bench, who have made it clear that the reasons why a ceasefire would not work are known to the House and that trying to secure humanitarian pauses—the longer the better—is the way to release humanitarian support to those who are suffering in the way she describes.
The despicable actions of Hamas and Iran are responsible for this conflict, but proportionality is important in the rules of war, as my right hon.
Friend knows.
Can he explain what we are doing, working with our friends in the middle east, to encourage a sense of proportionality in Israel’s response, so that we minimise the many civilian casualties while respecting their need to take military action?
My hon.
Friend expresses the balance very clearly and very well, particularly in the first part of his question.
The important point, which Britain makes continually to Israel, is that its response must be proportionate, and it must operate within international humanitarian law.
We urgently need to see steps towards a permanent ceasefire and an end to hostility on all sides, but the Minister is right that neither Israel nor Hamas have agreed to that.
In seeking the release of hostages, and knowing that we need to see an end to Hamas’s influence and place in Gaza, there ultimately needs to be an  alternative to Israel’s current strategy, with hospitals now at breaking point, food and medicine not getting through, and effectively the de-development of Gaza.
What are the Government doing to push for a consensus at the UN, and for a strategy to ensure that the International Criminal Court will be able to hold all parties to account for their conduct?
The hon.
Lady makes an important point about the critical need to get support into Gaza.
Yesterday, 100 trucks got through, and 300,000 litres of fuel got through during 9 and  10 December .
It is nothing like enough, but we are doing everything that we can in respect of the humanitarian effort, alongside our likeminded partners, to galvanise the international humanitarian community to get aid into Gaza.
It is not an issue of getting aid into the region; the aid is there, and there is plenty more back-up to come.
It is about actually getting it into Gaza.
We are stretching every sinew to try to achieve an increase in humanitarian support as fast as we can.
Few would deny Israel’s right to defend itself against an internationally proscribed terrorist organisation, but as a military man, I do not always find it easy to reconcile that with what we are seeing on the ground in Gaza, or the broader operational nature of that campaign.
Could the Minister please assure me of the efforts being conducted behind closed doors to ensure Israeli restraint?
My hon.
Friend is right to underline the concern about the humanitarian casualties, but as I have said repeatedly in response to this urgent question, we are doing everything we can to make the point that he has emphasised.
Hamas are an obstacle to peace and a two-state solution, and they must release all hostages now.
While pushing for that as a means to further pauses in hostilities, can the Minister confirm what discussions are taking place with international partners to create the conditions where Israel is secure and Palestinians can see a path to reconstruction, renewal and statehood in Gaza?
I reassure the hon.
Lady that those discussions are indeed taking place.