I start by declaring an interest: my wife is the joint chief executive of the Law Commission, whose work I intend to cite in my remarks.
It is a pleasure to close this Second Reading debate for the Opposition, and I thank all right hon.
and hon.
Members who have participated in it.
I echo what so many others have said and add my own tribute to all the individuals and organisations who have campaigned for so long for reform in this area.
As a number of contributors to the debate have pointed out, we have waited a long time for this Bill.
It was just under six years ago that the then Secretary of State,  the right hon.
Member for Bromsgrove (Sajid Javid) , announced that the Government intended to introduce a series of measures to end unfair and abusive practices within the leasehold system, including—I quote here from a Government press release in December 2017—
“legislating to prevent the sale of new build leasehold houses”.
That 2017 announcement was developed three years later, during the tenure of  the right hon.
Member for Newark (Robert Jenrick)  as Secretary of State.
In a written ministerial statement dated  11 January 2021 , he announced
“seminal two-part legislation to implement leasehold and commonhold reforms in this Parliament”.
The first part of that two-part legislative agenda duly followed, in the form of the Leasehold Reform (Ground Rent) Act 2022.
Although we—and in particular the shadow Minister for homelessness and building safety, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Weaver Vale (Mike Amesbury) —pressed Ministers to use that Act to  implement further reform, we nonetheless supported the Government in passing it.
In the 17 months since the Act came into force, successive Ministers have made all manner of extravagant promises about what the second part of the “seminal two-part legislation” would entail.
Indeed, the current Secretary of State, in an interview with The Sunday Times in January this year, even went so far as to declare, without qualification, that he intended to abolish the leasehold system in its entirety.
Leaseholders across the country, whose daily lives are often made miserable by the unjust and discriminatory practices that our archaic leasehold system facilitates, took Tory Ministers at their word.
They expected the second part of the promised two-part legislative agenda to live up to the weighty promises made by the Government.
They have been badly let down.
Having waited so long and had their expectations raised so high, they are understandably disappointed at the limited Bill that we are considering today.
And it is a limited Bill, and no amount of bravado from the Secretary of State can alter that fact.
They are also perplexed, as we are, that legislation that the Government claimed would end leaseholds on newly built houses in England and Wales does not actually contain any provision to end such leaseholds.
When the Minister responds to the debate, he will no doubt attempt to brush that criticism aside, as he did in oral questions last week, on the grounds that it is entirely normal for key provisions of a Bill to be added in Committee.
Sadly, as my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Ashton-under-Lyne (Angela Rayner)  mentioned in opening the debate, it is common practice for this Government, and this Secretary of State in particular, to significantly expand the size and scope of Bills by incorporating swathes of Government amendments in Committee and on Report in a way that limits the ability of hon.
Members to ensure that full scrutiny takes place.
However, the Minister is fooling no one in attempting to suggest that the omission from the legislation of key provisions was always the Government’s intent.
I remind the House, as my hon.
Friend  the Member for City of Chester (Samantha Dixon)  did, that the right hon.
Member for Bromsgrove committed the Government to legislating to prevent the sale of new build leasehold houses nearly six years ago.