It is affecting loads of schools, particularly those whose pupils have special educational needs.
I am really concerned.
The hon.
Member puts his finger on it.
Industrial action has a massive impact, particularly on vulnerable children, those with special educational needs, and those in exam cohorts.
I am always happy to share with my counterparts in the devolved Administrations, and I am very happy to share what we are doing on minimum service levels.
What steps her Department is taking to ensure the adequacy of school funding in County Durham.
Nationally, school funding will rise to over £59.6 billion next year, the highest ever in real terms per pupil.
This year, the north-east had the largest percentage increase in per pupil funding in the whole of England.
I welcome the Minister to his place.
Every day is a school day, but I wonder whether the new Schools Minister is familiar with the School Cuts website, which indicates that 214 out of 240 schools in County Durham face spending cuts in 2024-25.
The cumulative impact of cuts in County Durham amounts to £113 million, equating to a £175 cut per pupil.
Does he believe that restricting school budgets will help or hinder the educational opportunities and life chances for children in my east Durham constituency?
I have seen the website that the hon.
Member mentions.
Its calculations are based on some very speculative assumptions, and the conclusions that it reaches should therefore be treated with great caution.
Next year, County Durham will receive over £391 million based on current pupil numbers, which is an extra £7.8 million for schools.
I call the shadow Minister.
I, too, welcome the Minister to his place.
On Friday, I joined Labour’s candidate Alan Strickland on a visit to Ferryhill School in County Durham.
The staff team and students are amazing, but staff are left teaching in portacabins, the dining room and the sports hall, the staff room is behind a curtain on a stage, and years 10 and 11 are in a different town.
Last week, yet more schools were added to the list of those with reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete, and the Secretary of State could not confirm how many will need complete rebuilds.
Given the urgency, can the Minister tell parents, children and staff when this chaos will end?
Mr Speaker, allow me to take this moment to pay tribute to all school staff, leaders, children and their families, who have shown great fortitude in dealing with the disruption caused by RAAC.
We have moved quickly to make sure all schools with suspected RAAC are surveyed and to work with schools to put in place alternative arrangements.
Of course none of that is perfect, but schools have shown great flexibility in working towards that, such that we now have 99% of affected schools back with full-time face-to-face education.
What steps she is taking to increase childcare support for working parents.
What steps she is taking to increase childcare support for working parents.
The Government announced earlier this year transformative reforms to childcare to benefit children, parents and the economy.
By 2027-28, we expect to spend in excess of £8 billion every year on free childcare hours and early education, representing the single largest investment in childcare in England ever.
In recent months, I have visited several early years providers across Bracknell Forest, where it is clear that the improved provision and ratios will make a big difference both for working families and for the providers.
Could the Minister please outline what more could be done to better incentivise working parents to return to work?
Last week the Department for Business and Trade published its response to its consultation on flexible working, making clear that this Government are committed to changes to legislation that will enable more flexible working.
Together with our expansion of childcare, that will ensure parents have more choice over how, when and where they work.
Welcome back, Mr Speaker.