I remind the House, as my hon.
Friend  the Member for City of Chester (Samantha Dixon)  did, that the right hon.
Member for Bromsgrove committed the Government to legislating to prevent the sale of new build leasehold houses nearly six years ago.
The Government have no excuse whatsoever for failing to include in the Bill the provisions necessary to enact that commitment in order for the House to consider them properly today.
That they failed to do so no doubt owes more to hurried drafting, and to the wrangling between the Department and No.
10 that has taken place over recent months in respect of this Bill, than to any considered design.
However, for all the confusion that surrounded it, the legislation before us has answered one important question: how ambitious do the Government wish to be when it comes to leasehold reform?
Because this unambitious piece of legislation makes it clear that proponents of caution and restraint have won out over those who want to lay claim to a legacy of bold reform in this area.
That criticism cannot simply be brushed aside as carping on the part of the Opposition.
The Government’s poverty of ambition has real implications for leaseholders being routinely gouged by freeholders under the present system.
Take flats, which are the overwhelming majority  of new leasehold properties being created and the source of most of the leasehold-related complaints that I receive from constituents.
The Government’s stated solution for them, as made clear by Baroness Penn in the other place just last week, is reinvigorating commonhold, yet the Minister of State made it clear on Monday that the Government do not intend to incorporate into this Bill any provisions whatsoever relating to commonhold, despite the clear commitment they made in 2021.
Instead, it remains part of their “long-term approach”.
In other words, the Government’s offer to swathes of leaseholders across the country is jam tomorrow.
The hon.
Member for Redditch (Rachel Maclean) , known affectionately as No.
15 on these Benches, gave the game away.
She said that all the work has already been done on commonhold, so it is not a matter of complexity; it is a political choice on the Government’s part not to introduce commonhold provisions in this legislation.
What is so galling about the position that Ministers have adopted is that there is clearly widespread support across the House for the more ambitious leasehold reform that could have been incorporated into the Bill, and this debate has demonstrated it.
However, in the dying days of this Government, we are where we are.
While we deeply regret the Bill’s lack of ambition, we have no intention of voting against Second Reading this evening.
We support the intent of the provisions in the legislation before us and the principle of the Bill as a whole.
The measures it contains will give homeowners in England and Wales some greater rights, powers and protections over their homes.
That is not to say that we do not have concerns about the efficacy of some of them; we do, and we will seek to strengthen the Bill in a number of ways in Committee.
For example, we believe that clauses 12 and 13, which are intended to protect leaseholders from covering the legal and valuation costs associated with lease extensions, require tightening if we are to prevent, in practice, freeholders recovering litigation and non-litigation costs.
To take another example, we believe that clause 23, which seeks to replace the existing costs regime for right to manage claims, is flawed and needs overhauling if it is to protect, in practice, RTM companies from cost claims by landlords.
We also believe that this limited Bill can be improved in ways that will give future leaseholders more control over their future.