There are 701 free schools open, and a further 140-plus are in the pipeline.
There is a current round of applications for consideration of special and alternative provision free schools, but further capital would be a matter for future spending reviews.
The independent review of relationships, sex and health education in schools submitted its recommendations to the Secretary of State back in September.
When will those recommendations be made public?
If they are not to be made public, why not?
As the hon.
Gentleman knows, we are conducting a review of RSHE guidance.
These are important and sensitive topics and it is important to get them right.
He will not have long to wait to see the results.
The Secretary of State will be familiar with reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete in Essex, and I thank her and her ministerial team for their support.
Can she give an assurance that contractors such as Mitie, employed to build a temporary accommodation unit for local schools, are working with schools to deliver programmes on time and to meet their needs?
Right now, we are seeing delays that are affecting the educational outcomes of local children.
The temporary classrooms at St Andrew’s Junior School were delivered by Essex County Council, which I thank once again for its exemplary leadership managing RAAC in Essex.
The Department is working closely with all parties to ensure that any concerns are addressed quickly.
Work is ongoing today to fix a disabled access door.
I can confirm that we will remove RAAC from all schools and colleges.
Settings will be offered either grant funding or rebuilding projects.
We are assessing the right solution for each case and we will update the House shortly.
Swallowfield Primary School has a space-constrained site in my constituency, and relies on temporary accommodation to provide important special educational needs and disabilities interventions for pupils.
However, because of an inadvertent breach of section 77 of the School Standards and Framework Act 1998, it has had a loss of space and may lose that unit because of the compromising effect on outdoor space.
Given that the space lost could never have been used for recreational purposes—
Order.
These are topical questions.
It sounds like there are important details to get to grips with, so I am happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman.
The Government are rightly focusing on technical as well as academic education with the new British standard.
University technical college sleeves would support the Government to enhance pre-16 technical education in secondary schools.
Will the extra £50 million made available for technical education in schools in the autumn statement be available for UTC sleeves?
My hon.
Friend is a champion for UTCs and technical education.
I am delighted that the Secretary of State recently approved two more UTCs.
A couple of weeks ago I visited the brilliant Harlow BMAT STEM Academy, which is a UTC, and UTC Portsmouth.
We will respond shortly to Lord Baker’s request for a UTC sleeve pilot, as she mentioned.
Corpus Christi junior school on Brixton Hill has been closed since July due to RAAC.
We now have tenders approved for the significant works that the Department for Education said were necessary and that it would pay for, but they must begin in January to ensure that they are completed in time.
Could the Secretary of State explain why, despite repeated requests, her Department has still not approved the necessary funding?
Any further delay could mean that my young constituents are left with further disruption and no building to learn in for the next academic year.
We are, as the hon.
Lady will know, committed to ensure that reasonable costs for temporary accommodation and so on are covered in the immediate term and beyond, to make sure that capital costs are covered for either refurbishment or, in some cases, rebuild.
There will be further detail to come before long.