Does the Minister agree that skills training and apprenticeships are just as important as new cranes and new docks in making these projects a success and supporting our armed forces, and will he meet me, a delegation of Plymouth businesses, our city council and City College Plymouth to look at how we can turbocharge creating more apprenticeships in our city to deliver these exciting and innovative projects?
The hon.
Gentleman will be pleased that his constituency has received over 14,910 apprenticeship starts since 2010, which is really good news, but he is absolutely right that our skills offering is the key for future employment and jobs and to ensure people climb the ladder of opportunity.
We have the apprenticeships, the bootcamps, the higher technical qualification and the free level 3 courses, but I will look at what he says and would be happy to meet him and other Plymouth MPs to work through the important issues he mentions.
Tertiary education providers are themselves businesses that seek to meet local skills needs, and the University of Exeter is no different.
It hosts international students who contribute £486 million to Devon’s economy.
People in Devon do not think of these students as immigrants, given how this funding helps boost skills among local people, so will the Minister talk to his counterparts in the Home Office about taking students out of the net migration figures?
As a former Exeter University student myself, I know how brilliant it is, and it also has a huge and incredibly successful programme of degree apprenticeships.
I am very supportive of international students; they bring a lot of income to our country.
Visa matters are always matters for the Home Office but I am sure there will be discussions about the issues raised by the hon.
Gentleman.
What recent assessment she has made of trends in the number of support staff vacancies in schools.
Support staff play a vital role in our schools.
We have given schools the freedom to recruit the staff they require to meet their own needs; although we do not collect central data on vacancies as a result, I can tell the hon.
Lady that the number of support staff working in schools has increased for the past three years.
We have already heard in this Question Time about delays in getting the education, health and care plans in Lancashire.
As a consequence, rural schools like Quernmore, which I had the privilege of visiting on Friday, are left with more children with special educational needs in mainstream but without the financial support package that should come with that.
These small rural schools are therefore having to support children with additional needs and do not always have the right number of staff to be able to do so in the way they would like.
Is support available to rural and small schools, especially in Lancashire, to meet the needs of all children?
We must meet the needs of all children; and at some level, every teacher is a teacher of special educational needs and disabilities.
I recognise that there can be particular difficulties for smaller schools in rural areas, as the hon.
Member mentions.
We have the wider EHCP system, which is better than the previous system.
On places available in special schools, where children are in mainstream schools, I recognise the central role played by teaching assistants.
That is why we have set out in the SEND and alternative provision improvement plan how we will look to consolidate that position and give further advice on the best deployment of TAs.
What steps she is taking to help reduce the workload of teachers.
Reducing unnecessary workload is a priority for the Department and for me.
We have convened a workload reduction taskforce of experts, teaching unions and practitioners to make recommendations on how to minimise workload for teachers and school leaders.
It is good to see you back, Mr Speaker, and looking so well.