Last week the Department for Business and Trade published its response to its consultation on flexible working, making clear that this Government are committed to changes to legislation that will enable more flexible working.
Together with our expansion of childcare, that will ensure parents have more choice over how, when and where they work.
Welcome back, Mr Speaker.
The Early Education and Childcare Coalition has found that 57% of nursery staff and 38% of childminders are considering leaving the early years sector in the next 12 months, and Stroud businesses say the same thing.
That absolutely cannot happen.
They are a skilled and amazing workforce, whom parents trust with the most precious things, and the Government have backed the industry as integral to the growth strategy.
What evidence does my hon.
Friend have that the UK is retaining nursery staff and childminders, and what can we be doing to ensure the new system is successful?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her work championing the early years workforce and join her in the tributes she pays to them.
The total number of paid early years staff has remained stable in recent years, and between 2021 and 2022 the number of staff increased by 2%, or 5,900 people.
We will publish updated statistics in the coming weeks.
Is it not a fact that after 13 years of the Conservatives in government, our country is in a situation where preschool and out-of-school care is the most expensive in Europe and beyond?
We have so many talented people—especially women, but men as well—who are not coming back to use their high skills to recharge the economy, because they cannot afford childcare.
What is the Minister going to do about it?
What we are doing is making the single largest investment ever made in childcare.
That is going to save the average family up to £6,500 per year on the cost of childcare, in contrast to the hon.
Gentleman’s party, which has no policy for this area whatsoever.
What recent assessment she has made of trends in the number of students completing T-Level courses.
What recent assessment she has made of trends in the number of students completing T-level courses.
I am very proud that more than 4,000 students now have T-levels on their CV.
In the summer, 3,119 students completed their T-levels with a pass or above, meaning that we had a pass rate of 90.5% before factoring in remarking and retakes.
We will publish a T-level action plan with more information early next year.
In my constituency, Christ the King Emmanuel sixth form college does fantastically well in educating young people, but an Education Committee report stated that in the first year of the T-Level transition programme, just 14% of students went on to start the T-level.
The Government have yet to publish the data for subsequent years.
Can the Minister outline when the new data will be published and whether that progression rate has improved?
I am very glad that Christ the King Emmanuel sixth form college is offering T-levels, and that the hon.
Lady has had 8,300 apprenticeship starts in her constituency since 2010.
Our T-level transition year is a new thing that we have introduced—it is now called the foundation year—and very close to 50% of students go on to do a level 3.
However, I said in my opening answer to her, we will have more information about these matters in the next year.
Welcome back, Mr Speaker.
According to Make UK, 36% of manufacturing vacancies are hard to fill because of a lack of skills.
There are 170,000 fewer apprenticeship starts than in 2017.
The Prime Minister cast doubt on the future of T-levels in his conference speech, when he said that he thought they should be scrapped.
Just what is the Government’s plan, or will they leave it to my hon.