Nowhere else in the OECD do rates of violence reach anywhere near the levels in the UK.
Pupils are almost twice as likely as the OECD average to witness a fight in their school—39% in England and 36% in Scotland—and, as a teacher, I can say from experience that violence in schools disrupts every part of pupils’ learning.
Exclusion clearly is not working, and the Scottish Government’s recently announced proposal in Scotland is to put all the responsibility on teachers.
What more can the Government do to illustrate a way forward for schools to deal with this problem, so that young people’s learning is not hampered by violence in the classroom?
For completeness, we ought to note that the PISA study noted that the great majority of pupils in England reported feeling safe in school—very similar to the OECD average—and were less likely than the OECD average to see the most serious manifestations of such behaviour, such as seeing gangs at school or seeing somebody with a weapon.
It is absolutely true that schools must have the full range of measures at their disposal.
There is no right level of exclusion, and it should not be used lightly, but it has to be there; it has to be available.
Early in our time in government, we made it clear that teachers can use reasonable force.
We also extended searching powers, removed the requirement to give parents 24 hours’ written notice for after-school detentions and simplified advice on how to prevent and tackle bullying, because a safe and ordered environment is essential for both children’s education and their general wellbeing.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Ruth Perry’s death was a tragedy that left a hole in the hearts of her family, her community and her school.
Throughout this year, I have been honoured to work closely with Ruth’s sister Julia and her friends Lisa and Edmund to introduce important changes to inspection practice alongside Ofsted, which ensure that headteachers can share their inspection outcome, including with colleagues, friends and family.
Our new changes mean that if a school is graded “inadequate” due to ineffective safeguarding but all other judgments are “good”, it will be reinspected within three months.
That has now happened at Caversham Primary School, which was regraded as “good” this summer.
We also doubled the wellbeing support for our school leaders.
In life, Ruth dedicated herself to her school, and we will build on her legacy to help ensure that such a tragedy never happens again.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for her statement; I agree with those sentiments.
This Conservative Government will fund a new school to replace the flood-prone Tipton St John Primary School, which has had to close three times this year and had another near miss last week due to intense heavy rainfall.
It is vital that spades are in the ground next year for the new school.
Will she meet me to discuss this urgent matter further?
Our school rebuilding programme is transforming 500 schools across England, and I am delighted that Tipton St John Primary School is one of them.
The school is currently in a flood zone and was impacted by the recent storms.
We are working actively with the diocese of Exeter and Devon local authority to identify suitable sites for the school.
I am happy to agree to meet my hon.
Friend very soon.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
May I start by again sending my condolences and those of the entire Labour party to the family of Ruth Perry?
We must all now listen and learn to deliver an inspection system that works in the best interests of children, school staff and communities.
The Education Secretary has said that her Government are doing everything to get children into school, yet this term the attendance rate has declined consistently, hitting a terrible new low in the latest figures.