We have to start somewhere to prevent this catastrophe from getting even worse, on top of the 18,000 already killed in Gaza.
I have set out what we are trying to do to relieve the suffering the right hon.
Gentleman so eloquently describes in Gaza, but I have to caution him that a simple call for a ceasefire is not the answer.
Much better, in the view of the Government, is to make it clear that humanitarian pauses—preferably extended humanitarian pauses—offer hope of the sort of relief that he and I both wish to see.
When this terrible conflict comes to an end, as all wars must, both Gaza and the west bank will require substantial investment to restore and enhance the economic wellbeing of the Palestinian people.
What discussions is my right hon.
Friend having with other countries about how they may take a role in an economic revival of the area, which could play a role in a lasting peace?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to emphasise that the economic reconstruction and rebuilding of Gaza will be an essential element in any political settlement.
More widely, as I have set out, the Government are trying to make sure that, when there is an opportunity to drive forward that political horizon, that is precisely what we will do.
I have just met with Othman, a constituent from Halifax, who is originally from Gaza and is utterly distressed about what his family back home are enduring.
The UN Secretary-General has declared that
“nowhere in Gaza is safe”
for civilians.
We know that the aid getting in is utterly insufficient and the humanitarian situation cannot be addressed until the violence ends.
I have heard what the Minister has to say, but the humanitarian pauses that have been secured might have felt impossible at the start of this conflict.
We urge him to redouble his efforts to work towards an enduring humanitarian ceasefire, which surely is the next logical step.
I agree very much with the hon.
Lady about the importance of securing a humanitarian pause.
That is exactly what we are doing; she will be pleased, like me, to hear that the United Kingdom permanent representative at the United Nations is on a visit to the region at this time to see, among other things, how we can achieve precisely that.
The Minister talks up the UK’s arms export licences, but Amnesty International has identified a particular loophole in those licences: the 2002 incorporation guidelines allow UK components to be sent to third destinations for onward export to Israel.
Can he give me any assurances that, unlike in 2009 and 2014, that is not happening right now?
I have set out the fact that Britain has the toughest export licences and regulations anywhere in the world.
Of course, if the hon.
Lady has any evidence of those licences being infracted in some way, she should bring it to the attention of the authorities.
The Minister will be aware that, as far back as  10 October , the independent UN commission of inquiry said:
“There is already clear evidence that war crimes may have been committed in the latest explosion of violence in Israel and Gaza, and all those who have violated international law and targeted civilians must be held accountable for their crimes.”
As of Saturday, the death toll is more than 17,000 people, of whom nearly 13,000 are women and children, and thousands more are believed to be buried under the rubble.
Every passing day is another day of children dying.
Like so many of my Vauxhall constituents who email me, it is hard not to feel powerless when we watch the scale of death and destruction day after day.
Does the Minister agree that the International Criminal Court should be the jurisdiction that addresses the conduct of all parties in adhering to international law?