The right hon.
Gentleman also asked about Kerem Shalom.
I think that the position of Kerem Shalom is being enhanced at the moment and I hope very much that that will lead to some facilitation, but those discussions are ongoing at this time.
I am sure that the Minister will want to condemn the gratuitous signs of antisemitism that we saw on the streets again this weekend, which led to Karen Pollock from the Holocaust Educational Trust describing London as
“a no-go zone for Jewish people”.
I know that he will want to condemn that.
On the broader issue of a negotiated ceasefire, will he confirm that the Government’s position is as it has been throughout —namely, that Hamas can play no role in the future of the governance of Gaza and that it is Hamas who are responsible for what is happening in Gaza today?
I very much agree with what my hon.
Friend has said.
On his point about a ceasefire, at the moment a ceasefire is wholly implausible.
First of all, Hamas would not agree to one.
They have made it absolutely clear that they want to replicate the terrible acts that took place on  7 October , so I fear that that is not going to happen.
That is why we call for extended humanitarian pauses, and as I understand it, that remains the position of His Majesty’s Official Opposition.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
Humanitarian aid agencies are now repeatedly warning in strong and unmistakable terms that they simply cannot fulfil their mandate in Gaza.
The United Nations Relief and Works Agency has said that Gaza is “hell on earth”.
Over 2 million Palestinians now need food assistance.
What the hell are the UK Government doing allowing people to starve to death when they could do something about it?
What in God’s name makes them think it is acceptable to stand by as more than 49,000 people are injured and the hospitals that would have treated them are being bombed and starved of supplies, when they could have an influence over that?
How on earth have we reached a time when 18,000 people have been slaughtered in Gaza by Government say-so and still they are not calling for a ceasefire?
Do they know that thousands of people in the UK are now screaming in horror at their TV screens because they just cannot believe what they are witnessing in Gaza, and that they are stunned by the UK’s response, which is to say that Israel has the right to defend itself?
All countries have the right to defend themselves, but how can killing the former Glasgow University student Dima Alhaj and her six-month-old baby ever be described as self-defence?
Why did the UK abstain on the UN resolution calling for a ceasefire?
The former Home Secretary called that disappointing.
I call it shameful.
I recognise the passion with which the hon.
Lady speaks, but I have explained in some detail why the Government felt it was not possible to support the resolution.
We did not oppose it; we abstained.
I urge the hon.
Lady to think again, as a ceasefire is wholly implausible.
It is much more sensible to try to get these humanitarian pauses, where we have seen some success.
We urgently need to see more, for the reasons she set out so eloquently.
The Prime Minister has repeatedly expressed his unequivocal support for Israel’s right to defend itself.
May I urge the Government to maintain that position, to stay the course and to ensure that we continue to give Israel our strong support?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
We have made it clear that Israel has every right to defend itself, but that it must abide by international humanitarian law and the laws of war.
It is
“wrong and illegal to target civilians…international law is very clear that there mustn’t be the targeting of civilians”.