May I start by again sending my condolences and those of the entire Labour party to the family of Ruth Perry?
We must all now listen and learn to deliver an inspection system that works in the best interests of children, school staff and communities.
The Education Secretary has said that her Government are doing everything to get children into school, yet this term the attendance rate has declined consistently, hitting a terrible new low in the latest figures.
Is not the real truth simply that the Government see attendance as a problem affecting other people’s children?
Absolutely not—attendance is my No.
1 priority.
I regularly meet and chair the attendance action alliance group, and we are determined to help ensure that children are in school, because that is where they can get the best education.
We are working with GPs and other medical professionals to ensure that everybody is aware that, first, school is a good place to be—actually, a better place to be—for those with mild anxiety and, secondly, we are there to give support in school, and we want everybody to be in school.
Those efforts are starting to pay off—we now have 380,000 fewer children missing school—but it is very much at the top of my agenda.
If it is the Secretary of State’s No.
1 priority, why is she not legislating for a register of children not in school?
That measure has wide support right across this House, but it was missing from the King’s Speech despite the Secretary of State’s repeated promises to legislate, despite it having been in the Government’s abandoned Schools Bill and despite it being in her Department’s submission, according to the permanent secretary at the Department.
Will the Secretary of State confirm, as the permanent secretary suggested, that it was blocked by No.
10?
No, absolutely not.
Of course, more things go into King’s Speeches than there is legislative time; that is a process that the permanent secretary laid out.
But it is my priority, and I hope to legislate on it in the very short term.
I heard from a school in my constituency last week that, even though it has six school counsellors, there is a long waiting list for children with mental health concerns to see a counsellor.
What steps is my hon.
Friend taking to ensure that schools are adequately resourced to best support pupils in that regard?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this important issue.
We know that school-based provision works best when all staff are clear about how to support mental health, which is why we are providing senior mental health lead training grants to all state schools, 14,400 of which have claimed a grant so far.
We are also working with the Department of Health and Social Care to extend mental health support teams to cover at least 50% of pupils by spring 2025.
I call the Scottish National party spokesperson.
If there is to be hope for a peaceful solution in the Israel-Gaza conflict, the input of Palestinian academics will be crucial, but many have already lost of their lives.
Could the Minister make a statement about representations that he has made to Cabinet colleagues about introducing an emergency humanitarian visa for academics in Gaza?
I will write to the hon.
Lady about that.
Parental choice is crucial, is it not?
To that end, when will wave 16 of the free school programme open?
My right hon.
Friend and constituency neighbour has been a long-time champion on this matter, and I know his local work well.
There are 701 free schools open, and a further 140-plus are in the pipeline.
There is a current round of applications for consideration of special and alternative provision free schools, but further capital would be a matter for future spending reviews.
The independent review of relationships, sex and health education in schools submitted its recommendations to the Secretary of State back in September.