Friend is absolutely right.
We have made it clear that Israel has every right to defend itself, but that it must abide by international humanitarian law and the laws of war.
It is
“wrong and illegal to target civilians…international law is very clear that there mustn’t be the targeting of civilians”.
Those are not my words, but the words of the new Foreign Secretary, and then Prime Minister, during the 2014 war in Gaza.
Given that over 10,000 Palestinian children alone have been killed, can the Minister confirm whether the Foreign Secretary, and therefore this Conservative Government, still believes that Israel’s targeting of civilians is wrong and illegal?
What steps is he taking to hold the Israeli Government to account?
Again, I recognise the integrity with which the hon.
Gentleman speaks.
I can tell him that, no, the Israeli Government never target civilians, but they are pursuing a strategy of degrading and eliminating the appalling perpetrators and the military machine that wrought the terrible disaster that took place on  7 October , which I remind him was a pogrom.
More Jewish people were killed on that day than on any single day since the holocaust in 1945.
Even if the Foreign Secretary were at the Dispatch Box today, I doubt if he would do a better job than my right hon.
Friend.
Can he say whether the Government have made any estimate of the number of Hamas fighters who have been killed?
We seem to get very precise estimates of the number of civilians who have been killed but, clearly, a large number of Hamas fighters are engaged in opposing Israeli forces on the ground.
Are any other people, other than Hamas fighters, resisting Israeli forces on the ground?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his kind personal remarks.
Truth is often the first casualty in war, and none of the figures that we are hearing can be relied upon.
Words now fail to describe the despondency felt by those of us who stand for peace.
When I say “us” I do not just mean those of Palestinian descent; I also mean people in Israel who have fought for peace over many years.
The only way to have a lasting peace—a peace without fear—is to have two states, so I will repeat the question that I put last time: what are this Government doing?
Later today, I will table a Bill to recognise Palestine.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss it?
How do we prevent this from happening ever again?
I will, of course, be very pleased to meet the hon.
Lady.
We have previously discussed the contents of the Bill in another situation, but I will be very pleased to meet her.
We are developing proposals.
The hon.
Lady specifically asks what we are doing and, obviously, we are trying to lift people’s eyes to the political track that will, at some point, be possible.
We are looking in detail at developing proposals for support for the Palestinian Authority to build up the sinews of statehood, in pursuit of the established policy of both the major political parties in this House that there should be a two-state solution, with Israel living behind secure borders and Palestine as a free and independent state.
The Minister did say that too many Palestinians have died in pursuit of a solution to the Hamas problem, but I wondered: does he genuinely believe, and is it the Government’s position, that a military solution—a military defeat of Hamas—is possible?
I have no doubt that it is possible to degrade and stop the military machine that wrought the terrible disaster on  7 October .
When addressing an ideology, however, it is extremely important to recognise that a political process is absolutely essential.
That is why the Government are spending, along with our allies, enormous amounts of time in trying to work through how that could be achieved.