One plus zero has never equalled two.
It is, I think, the policy of both sides of the House that we should not pursue the possibility of a ceasefire, because there is no possibility, for very trenchant reasons that have been set out.
The hon.
Lady is, however, right to point to the political horizon, to ensure that we take advantage, as soon as the moment is plausible, of building a political track.
As part of that, we are looking to build Palestinian state capacity.
We know that Gaza should be under Palestinian control when this is over.
Hamas has no place in a future of Gaza and we must never allow them ever to be able to entrench themselves in the civilian population again.
I refer the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
What recent engagement has my right hon.
Friend had with Qatari counterparts in relation to their pivotal role as mediator between Israel and Hamas?
Discussions with Qatari go on all the time.
Indeed, my noble Friend Lord Ahmad, the Foreign Office Minister with responsibility for the middle east, has been in Qatar recently.
The Minister will have seen pictures of the horrific loss of life in Gaza, which started up again over the weekend, and of half-naked men being paraded through the streets.
The Geneva convention prohibits turning prisoners of war into objects of “public curiosity”.
He will also know of the grave concerns about reports of the use of rape by Hamas fighters on  7 October .
All of this shows that we will need a very clear mechanism for the investigation of allegations of war crimes and for accountability, if war crimes are found to have happened.
Will the Minister set out what the UK Government, who have said that international law must be upheld, believe that mechanism should be?
I have a great deal of sympathy with the points that the hon.
Lady makes.
The British Government have made it clear that all parties in this terrible conflict must abide by international humanitarian law.
We continue to identify and look for mechanisms for ensuring that  there can be no impunity in that respect, and that there will be transparency over the actions that the forces take.
It is good to see you back in the Chair, Mr Speaker.
The humanitarian pauses gave an opportunity for the welcome release of Israeli hostages.
However, as a result of Palestinian prisoners being released, there is a concern that Hamas are gaining ground in the west bank and could end up being the major force in the whole of the area that we call Palestine.
What efforts is my right hon.
Friend making to ensure the release of the hostages without any conditions?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to focus on the terrible plight of the hostages.
I cannot give the House a running commentary on what is happening in respect of the hostages, but there have been no new developments.
He will know that the Ministry of Defence is supplying surveillance flights over Gaza to assist in that general endeavour, but he may rest assured that the plight of the hostages is at the top of our list of concerns.
The Israeli Defence Ministry has told the UN that it “must do better” at delivering aid to Gaza.
This is not a natural disaster; it is deliberate military action, during which Israeli forces have so far killed 130 UN aid staff, mostly alongside their families.
How many more innocent people must die before Members on both Front Benches realise the scale of the atrocities and demand a permanent ceasefire as the only way out?
I understand the right hon.