Despite international pressure on Israel to change the way it is fighting—to not replicate the kind of devastating tactics that it used in the north, to protect schools and hospitals, and to ensure that humanitarian aid is ramped up—Labour shares grave concerns that those conditions are not being met.
Diplomacy, not bombs and bullets, is the only route to a lasting peace.
The grave warnings from the United Nations cannot be ignored, and they show the urgent need for action to relieve the suffering.
It is right that the UN Security Council has been debating this war, but it constitutes a failure that it has been unable to reach a consensus and to speak with a collective voice.
Labour wants a resolution to pass the UN Security Council —a resolution that properly condemns Hamas terrorists and the appalling  7 October  attacks on Israel, and calls for the release of all hostages; a resolution that demands a renewed cessation of hostilities and the protection of Palestinian civilians; a resolution that acts as a stepping-stone towards an enduring end to this war.
We cannot give up.
Too much is at stake.
Can the Minister explain what steps he will now take to help reach that consensus?
Can he update the House on any progress to open up the second crossing at Kerem Shalom?
International diplomacy must focus on Gaza, but it must also focus on further escalation in the west bank and the wider region, including Lebanon.
Will the Government therefore increase pressure on the Israeli Government in the west bank by imposing travel bans on illegal settlers involved in attacks, serious criminal activity and the fostering of hatred?
Will he say unequivocally, like Labour, that we will not tolerate the expulsion of the people of Gaza or the west bank, and that they must be able to return to their homes?
Finally, will the Minister and the Government back Labour’s call for a joint western and Arab-led international contact group to replace the defunct Quartet?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his questions.
I recognise the enormous authority that Lord Cameron holds in these matters and the right hon.
Gentleman’s request that he should be available in the House.
I will do my best to satisfy him on the questions that he has asked.
As he knows, Lord Cameron is keen to engage with the House of Commons in every possible way.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked why Britain did not support the UN Security Council resolution.
I can tell him clearly that there was a lot good stuff in the resolution that Britain does support, but there was no condemnation of Hamas, and for that reason we felt unable to support it.
However, we did not oppose it, because it had a lot of useful and important stuff in it, and we therefore abstained.
He will recall that there have been a number of resolutions.
We voted yes to the UN resolution drafted by the Americans, but that was vetoed by China and Russia, apparently because they could not bring themselves to condemn what Hamas had done on  7 October .
The right hon.
Gentleman asked me about settler violence.
The targeted killings of civilians are completely abhorrent and we are seeking that those responsible should be not just arrested but prosecuted and punished.
On his comment about travel bans, I can tell him that planning is going on.
The Foreign Secretary discussed this with his US counterpart last week and I hope it may be possible to say something about that shortly.
The right hon.
Gentleman also asked about Kerem Shalom.
I think that the position of Kerem Shalom is being enhanced at the moment and I hope very much that that will lead to some facilitation, but those discussions are ongoing at this time.