I hope that I have answered some of the questions.
This has been a very positive and lively debate on both sides of the House.
I thank the right hon.
Member for Warley for bringing the Bill back to the House, and reconfirm that the Government are fully committed to supporting it.
With the leave of the House, I call John Spellar to wind up.
Object!
In that case, I will put the Question.
Question put, That the Bill be now read a Second time.
The House proceeded to a Division.
Will the Serjeant at Arms investigate the delay in the Lobby?
The House having divided: Ayes 49, Noes 0.
Question accordingly agreed to.
Bill read a Second time; to stand committed to a Public Bill Committee ( Standing Order No.
63 ).
Second Reading
I beg to move, That the Bill be now read a Second time.
The Bill would overturn the expansion of the ULEZ scheme, simply because it is a cruel, cruel form of taxation.
It is particularly cruel to the poorest in society, hitting heavily those people who have old motor vehicles that they cannot afford to upgrade, with or without a scrappage scheme.
It is also very unfair on business owners—especially those in outer London, who lose out on business that they would otherwise have secured from people travelling in from neighbouring counties to purchase their goods—and on people who live outside London, who have no say in who the London Mayor is.
The border between London and the home counties is not neat.
People in my constituency live in Kent, but some of them have to go into London just to exit their road.
The border straddles some roads.
It is a border that cannot be avoided, and the Mayor of London knows that.
My hon.
Friend and parliamentary neighbour is making an impressive start.
He and I share roads in Crayford and Dartford where people living on different sides of the road pay different taxes.
Some people, such as gardeners and plumbers, travel regularly from Dartford to Bexleyheath and Crayford for work, and they cannot afford this.
It is so unfair, especially as it was not in the Mayor’s manifesto when he was last elected.
That is an absolutely valid point, but I would go further.
About 50% of police officers in the Metropolitan police area live outside London and commute in, and the percentage for all emergency workers is probably about the same.
These are the people who Londoners rely on the most—they are vital to Londoners—but if their vehicles are not ULEZ-compliant, they are hit with £12.50 every single time they go to work.
Even worse, those doing night shifts have to pay on the way in and on the way out again, because at 3 am there might be no public transport.
For emergency workers to be hit with £25 just for doing a night shift is totally and utterly wrong.
My hon.
Friend is making a great speech.
As he knows, he has my full support.
Does he agree that today we will see whose side Labour Members are on?
Are they going to talk the Bill out, or are they going to back those emergency service workers and others in Bexley who want to be rid of ULEZ?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for the work that he has done in this respect.
He is entirely right: we will see today whether Labour Members are in favour of the workers or in favour of Sadiq Khan.
I am following the hon.
Gentleman’s arguments with interest.
In Bristol we have experienced the first year of a clean air zone, which was actually imposed on us as a requirement by the then Secretary of State for Environment, Food and  Rural Affairs,  the right hon.