The Chairman of Ways and Means took the Chair as Deputy Speaker ( Standing Order No.
3 ).
I beg to move, That the House sit in private.
Question put forthwith ( Standing Order No.
163 ) and negatived.
Second Reading
[Relevant document: e-petition 650300, Ban imports of hunting trophies of endangered animals.]
I beg to move, That the Bill be now read a Second time.
Often in debates that have had a long genesis and been considered many times in the House, there is that hackneyed phrase: everything that needs to be said has been said, but not everyone has said it.
One cannot even use that phrase now, because everyone has said what they need to say many times over.
Of course, that is not true in this case, not least because of the Bill tabled and pioneered very ably by  the hon.
Member for Crawley (Henry Smith)  in the last Session of Parliament.
The clear and overwhelming view of this House was that the legislation should go forward.
We all know that that Bill was subject to extended delays in the other House—without wishing to cast aspersions, one could almost suggest delaying tactics—and eventually time ran out.
I have to say that in this regard, even if in no other, I welcome the postponement of the general election until the autumn, as I hope that will give us more than adequate time, not only for the Bill to go through its stages in this House, but to ensure that the majority in the other place are not frustrated by the few who take a different view of it.
In some ways, what is happening down there is slightly reminiscent of the debate on the House of Lords in the early part of the last century, when the Lords were very much divided between the hedgers and the ditchers—between those who accepted that some reform was necessary and were therefore going to hedge their bets and allow reform to take place, and those who were going to die in the ditch.
I hope very much that the hedgers in this case triumph in the other House, so that this matter, which is very important not just to us but to the public, makes progress.
About this time last year, on Report, we reached somewhat of a compromise consensus on the Bill that left this place and went to the Lords.
Am I right in thinking that the right hon.
Gentleman has reintroduced the exact same Bill on which this House reached consensus last year?
The Bill technically does not stop hunting; it simply stops the import into this country of any animal protected by the convention on international trade in endangered species of wild fauna and flora.
I thank the right hon.
Lady for those comments, and for the work that she undertook as the Secretary of State to support this legislation.
Given that we wish to speed the progress of this legislation, I hope that colleagues will not be prone to making long speeches on this issue—indeed, possibly not even medium or short speeches.
Subject to Madam Deputy Speaker, I intend to be very generous with my taking of interventions, because right hon.
and hon.
Members want to ensure that the strong feelings of their constituents—which are made very clear every time this issue comes up—are expressed in this House, so that those constituents know that Parliament is listening and undertaking a course of action.
Will my right hon.
Friend give way?
I will just finish my comments to  the right hon.
Member for Suffolk Coastal (Dr Coffey)  before I take an intervention from my hon.
Friend from Bebington.
The right hon.
Member for Suffolk Coastal is absolutely right; in the last Parliament, there were concessions and discussions in Committee and a consensus was brought about, which was expressed very solidly.