They talk as if we are the grass the elephants eat.
It startles me when people sit in the comfort of where they are and lecture us about the management of species they don’t have.”
I have not met the current President of Botswana, but I have met the previous one, President Khama, on a number of occasions.
He is passionate about ending trophy hunting, because it is not typical African communities who benefit from it, but the big industry that supports it.
Botswana is a good example, because in such countries there is a huge difference of opinion over whether trophy hunting should go ahead.
I pay tribute to the hon.
Gentleman for the work he has done on this issue.
Is not the answer to the point made by  the hon.
Member for Christchurch (Sir Christopher Chope)  that the Bill deals with the import of trophies to the UK, and says nothing about Botswana?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely correct.
As I said, this is import legislation; its territorial extent is Great Britain.
It is about what we choose to import to this country, and a clear majority of the British people do not want the body parts of endangered species imported here, because they care about these majestic species and want them to continue to exist, for the sake of their children, grandchildren and many generations to come.
The idea that killing an endangered species saves an endangered species is absurd and should be called out for what it is.
I, too, pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for the work that he has done on this issue.
I reiterate that it is absurd that we are back here, because this House agreed unanimously to take this Bill through.
My constituents, who are very far away from many of the countries in which this practice happens, are absolutely passionate about ending it.
However, as has been stated, this Bill is not about the practices in those countries; it is about what we import to our country.
If we do anything, we should make sure that we end this abhorrent act of importing the carcases of endangered animals for people to stick on their wall.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend, who has been stalwart in supporting me in this campaign.
He is absolutely right to remind us again about what the legislation does; it is about what we choose to import or not to this country.
The Bill applies to the importation of endangered species’ body parts, no matter where in the world the animals were hunted, so it would also prohibit the importation of trophies hunted from polar bears in Canada, as the right hon.
Member for Warley said.
We do not hear people claiming that we are being racist against the Canadians because we choose not to import endangered polar bears.
We need to remind ourselves what the legislation does.
I could speak with passion on this principle for hours, but I am conscious of parliamentary procedure, and I do not want to detain the Bill’s passage any further.
I once again call on hon.
and right hon.
Members from across this elected House to send a clear message: we in this country choose not to import the body parts of trophy-hunted endangered species to Great Britain.
All of us here are familiar with the term “trophy hunting”.
We have come to recognise the evil acts that those two harmless-sounding words represent, but for those watching who may be less familiar with the term, animal welfare organisations such as SPCA International define it as
“the hunting of…animals for sport, not for food.
Usually, the animal is stuffed or a body part is kept for display.”
They go on:
“Many hunters claim that trophy hunting isn’t bad for animals.
They say they are supporting animal conservation.
The opposite is true, live animals support the population of their species.”