On this and so many animal welfare issues, the Government are letting animals and the public down by failing to act.
As the shadow Secretary of State, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Croydon North (Steve Reed) , pointed out last Friday when another private Member’s Bill containing a broken Conservative party promise was before the House, the Government have completely abandoned an extraordinary number of the animal welfare pledges they had made.
The Government like to tell the public that they have progressed world-leading animal welfare commitments, but Compassion in World Farming ranked the UK only ninth among European countries by percentage of cage-free farm animals, trailing Luxembourg, Austria, Sweden, the Netherlands, Germany, Slovenia, Denmark and Belgium.
Although the Government have announced their support for private Members’ Bills on animal welfare issues put forward by their Back-Bench MPs since they abandoned the Animal Welfare (Kept Animals) Bill, that is not leadership.
I gently say to the Minister that if the Government really cared about animals and wished to honour the enormous public interest in passing strong laws for animals, they would put forward their own  promised measures.
Until they do so, Labour will keep reminding the Government of their broken promises and putting forward private Members’ Bills like this one, which we hope will become law as soon as possible.
We have seen in the House today a near unanimous show of support.
This is not racist, colonial legislation; it is UK law governing what comes into the UK.
That is our right, and the Bill seeks to exercise that, so let’s get on with it and get it done.
Many Members on both sides of the House have been eagerly awaiting the passing of this piece of legislation, as have many outside campaigners who have worked tirelessly on the issue and many of our constituents.
I have had many emails on the issue in Taunton Deane.
I thank  the right hon.
Member for Warley (John Spellar)  for introducing the Bill and all those who have taken part in the debate, not least my hon.
Friend  the Member for Crawley (Henry Smith) , who did such a sterling job just one year ago.
I think he will agree that we had a lively debate then, and we have had a similarly lively debate today.
I want to list some of the colleagues from both sides of the House who have spoken eloquently.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for East Worthing and Shoreham (Tim Loughton)  made the point well about taking photographs of these wonderful creatures.
There were interventions by my right hon.
Friends the Members for Chipping Barnet (Theresa Villiers) and for Suffolk Coastal (Dr Coffey) and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Watford (Dean Russell) , but there have also been moving speeches, in particular from my hon.
Friend the Member for Crawley.
Of course, many Opposition speakers have joined in as well.
It is clear that the issue of hunting trophies continues to divide opinion.
We have witnessed some of that today from my hon.
Friends the Members for Christchurch (Sir Christopher Chope) and for North Herefordshire (Sir Bill Wiggin).
There is disagreement over the scientific, social, economic, moral and ethical rationales for trophy hunting, and that will no doubt continue for some time.
There are those who point to evidence of the potential benefits of well-managed hunting—we heard a great deal about that from my hon.
Friend the Member for North Herefordshire.
We also heard the other side of the argument, with evidence of the harm caused by poor practice.
I want to stress something critical: we face the triple planetary crisis of biodiversity loss, climate change and pollution.
Those are the greatest threats we face globally and, as the nature Minister, they are in my inbox every day.
I am only too aware of all those threats and of how we need to tackle them.
About 1 million animal and plant species face extinction.