Of course, people can pay; I would pay an enormous fee for the privilege of going to see these animals in their own habitats—and leave behind that fee in order to pay for conservation.
There are ways that we can contribute to conservation that way outstrip the money that Members on the Conservative Benches have been talking about.
Let us be honest: the majority of the people who talked the Bill out in the other place were hereditary peers.
That is the truth of it.
The enormously privileged wealthy, calling this idea, which has enormous support from all the people, socialist—well, because it has the support of the people, it has to be socialist, doesn’t it?
It has to be socialist, because commoners want it!
How could the Conservative party possibly support a measure that is so socialist in its fundamental objectives?
It is complete nonsense, but there is a species that perhaps we should be metaphorically hunting to extinction: the position of the hereditary peers and their ability to vote on laws in our country.
That is an outdated anachronism that has to come to an end, and the person who starts that hunt will have my full backing.
It is a pity that in a debate that should be about facts,  the hon.
Member for Eltham (Clive Efford)  has allowed his prejudices to come to the fore.
I do not think that helps his cause—indeed, my hon.
Friend  the Member for North Herefordshire (Sir Bill Wiggin)  and I agreed that it shows that we are winning the argument, because the hon.
Gentleman and some of his colleagues are having to resort to smearing Members of the other place.
Those Members tabled perfectly reasonable amendments; the problem was that they ran out of time for discussion.
The previous Bill was amended in this place.
That was only because my hon.
Friend the Member for North Herefordshire and I tabled a large number of amendments, which put pressure on the promoter of the Bill, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Crawley (Henry Smith) , and the Government to accept some of those amendments.
One of the amendments was to add what is now clause 4 of the Bill, and another was to remove from the Bill a Henry VIII clause allowing the subject matter to which the Bill would apply to be extended by statutory instrument without any proper consultation.
This Bill is a better Bill than the one that was first introduced into this place by my hon.
Friend the Member for Crawley, but it  is still very defective.
Certainly, I think it would be a much better Bill if the amendments suggested by my hon.
Friend the Member for North Herefordshire in his excellent speech were to be incorporated into its text.
rose—
I will happily give way, if need be.
I am most grateful—sorry, I was a little slow to intervene.
As always, my hon.
Friend is making an excellent speech.
The purpose of the amendments is to ensure that we take any risk of racism away from this legislation, because at the end of the day, we are united in wanting better conservation.
That is what unites us.
The disagreements across the House are on the means to the end.
Everybody wants to have better conservation of endangered species and wildlife in Africa.
Like the hon.
Member for Eltham, I have had the privilege of going on safari in Africa—indeed, in South Africa—on two separate occasions.
One was in about 1984, when it was pretty hard to find the wild animals we were looking for in the game reserves.
When I went again, about 18 months ago, there was an abundance of rhinos, giraffes, elephants, lions, leopards and so on.
We had the most amazing experience.
People used their cameras, and they relied on the protection provided by the excellent team that looks after and conserves that safari park or game reserve.