Life moves on and society moves on.
As I was describing, it was interesting in the interviews I did that none of the commentators could respond when I asked, “How can you defend someone who wants to travel a distance to shoot a giraffe, stand on its corpse and bring parts of it back to this country?”
Nobody seems to be able to answer that question.
I am not saying it was ever right to do that, but what is absolutely clear now is that the British public are certain that they do not want any part of it.
My right hon.
Friend makes a very valid point.
Some in favour of trophy hunting argue that it lends itself to supporting conservation in the country, which seems to me an entirely spurious argument.
We have just seen really promising figures on tigers; there are 5,574 in the wild now.
That is actually a tiny number; there should be many thousands more, but it shows that conservation efforts can pay off if we focus on certain species.
Trophy hunting is not about conservation.
As my right hon.
Friend said, it is about people shooting animals, taking pictures of themselves parading around the corpses and cutting the animals’ heads off to take home.
It is an abhorrent act.
I absolutely agree.
My hon.
Friend has been campaigning on this in Bristol and here in Parliament for many years, from the days when we worked in the Whips Office.
She makes a very strong point.
The argument that says, “We are killing these animals in order to save them” is a bit like saying, “We created a desert and called it peace.”
I really do not buy into that and, importantly, neither do the British public.
There has in the past been the argument that trophy hunting performs the role of culling for protected species.
We have always been able to negate that argument.
There are times when there is a strategy for culling certain species, but that is done on the basis of scientific fact rather than inhumane delight at the killing of animals.
My right hon.
Friend makes an important point.
Vastly excessive numbers, such as in certain parts of this country where there are problems with deer, have an impact on woodland and the very proper campaigns by the Government to reforest the country.
In many cases professional hunters do the cull, rather than having people firing crossbows at animals, which can then linger for several days.
Cecil the lion was mentioned.
That case caught the attention and imagination of the British public, and it focused them on this issue and they made it clear that they do not want this practice to continue.
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right, but there is another factor to consider.
The elephants taken out are the big leaders of the tribe.
That has a significant effect on the gene pool.
There is already some evidence that elephants with smaller tusks are surviving and therefore, contrary to natural selection, changes are taking place to their appearance.
Also, some hunters do not seem to accept that, although some are solitary, many animals live in social structures.
We saw that with the death of Cecil the lion and we see with elephants that the social structure and cohesion of elephant herds are completely disrupted.
That applies to other creatures as well.
Hunting is to the detriment of gene selection and the development and maintenance of groups of species.
I wholeheartedly support my right hon.
Friend’s Bill.
As in the title of the Bill, these people are after trophies.
They will not select the weakest in the herd or the pride.
They will go for the one that looks the most magnificent on their wall or wherever they want to display it.
Therefore, they are taking out the strongest, weakening the gene pool and having exactly the opposite effect on conservation.