Why did no Labour peer do so?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for pointing that out.
Obviously, there were issues going on in the other place that I was not party to at the time, so I am sorry, but I cannot comment on his point.
The hon.
Lady keeps referring disparagingly to hereditary peers, but is it not correct to say that a significant proportion of hereditary peers were elected to that House, unlike most of the other peers, who are appointees?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for that.
He says that I keep referring to hereditary peers, but I have referred to them once, in response to one of my colleagues.
It is fascinating that some Conservative Members want to defend not only this completely outdated and barbaric practice of trophy hunting, but the procedure by which a few hereditary peers are elected among themselves, no member of the public having any say in the matter.
May I help my hon.
Friend by saying that in the previous Session, the Bill was introduced by a Conservative Member?
Indeed, a Conservative Member of the House of Lords was going to take up that Bill, but someone else shot in and grabbed it beforehand, with a bit of sleight of hand.
If  the hon.
Member for Christchurch (Sir Christopher Chope)  wants to defend that sort of jiggery pokery, he is welcome to.
Order.
I am anxious for us to come back to the Bill before us, as opposed to discussing a Bill that we might deal with later today about hereditary peers.
Thank you for clarifying that, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I thank my right hon.
Friend the Member for Warley for setting out what happened in the Lords, but I will move on.
The Bill will prevent people from bringing into Great Britain hunting trophies from the species listed in annex A, which are the most endangered species, or annex B, which are species threatened by commercial trade, of the principal wildlife trade regulation.
Those lists largely correspond to equivalents in CITES, which is an important international agreement protecting endangered plants and animals, and the UK is a party to it.
The Bill also creates an advisory board on hunting trophies, as some Conservative Members highlighted, which will advise the Secretary of State on any issues relating to the legislation, or any matter relating to the import to Great Britain of hunting trophies derived from species that are, or are likely to become, endangered.
I cannot emphasise enough how crucial this legislation is.
Trophy hunting is not only barbaric, but wholly unnecessary.
In this country, as in most others, we have long recognised that animals should not be subjected to unnecessary suffering.
That principle is reflected domestically in our Animal Welfare Act 2006, and aligns with our understanding, supported by animal welfare science and enshrined in legislation, that animals are sentient beings.
As such, they deserve to be treated with dignity and humanity.
There is nothing dignified or humane about the sport of trophy hunting.
It involves killing innocent animals for the sole purpose of turning their bodies into trophies.
The animals often experience immense pain, fear and distress in the moments before they die.
Some may be shot by inexperienced hunters using less efficient weapons, such as crossbows or spears, which do not deliver a rapid death.
We saw this with Cecil the lion in 2015, who suffered for several hours following his wounding by crossbow in a beautiful part of southern Africa before he was finally put out of his misery.
His death quite rightly caused outrage around the world, including here in Britain.
Other practices that trophy hunting can involve raise further welfare concerns.
I was horrified to learn of the practice of canned hunting—the captive wildlife farming of animals for hunting.