He goes on to say,
“Your bill implies that your judgments supersede our insights”—
those of the people who actually look after these animals.
He says:
“Such unilateral actions, made without consultation…challenges the sovereignty”.
President Masisi said that this is “a racist onslaught” from people who
“sit in the comfort of where they are and lecture us about the management of species they don’t have.”
He was not just speaking for himself.
Last November, The Times, The Telegraph and the Daily Mail reported that ordinary Africans share the President’s view.
The paper quoted from a survey of 4,000 people in Botswana, Malawi, Mozambique, Namibia, South Africa, Tanzania, Zambia and Zimbabwe who said that the UK legislation was “racist” and “neocolonial”.
That is what they are saying about us.
Although I respect the sovereignty of this House, I would not like it if they said things like that about us, and I am astonished that the hon.
Gentleman does.
I do not read The Times very often, but the hon.
Member said that the African community leaders and conservationists he referred to rightly argue that it is not for us in the west to decide how they should manage their wildlife, and that that is why he cannot endorse the Bill.
I am not telling them how to manage their wildlife, or demanding that they do it in a certain way.
What I and many Members in this House are saying is that we do not want those disgusting trophies in this country.
It is simple.
The African countries find it appalling that British politicians show no concern for the African lives threatened by these animals.
They are furious with the virtue-signalling proposals, which lack scientific credibility.
Time and again, they return with the facts and they are completely ignored by hon.
Members in this debate.
I will come on to what Oxford University said about the facts and figures given by  the right hon.
Member for Warley (John Spellar) .
This week, Botswana’s Minister for Environment and Tourism, along with the high commissioners of Namibia, South Africa, Zambia and Botswana, came to this House to express their dissatisfaction with the Bill.
This is significantly different from when my hon.
Friend  the Member for Crawley (Henry Smith)  brought forward his Bill.
There was no pushback from African countries then.
Now we are seeing significant unhappiness from those countries about the Bill.
DEFRA Ministers and their Labour shadows know that the high commissioners of the six African nations have jointly condemned the Bill as inexcusable meddling in Africa’s democratic affairs.
There are in the UK tens of thousands of trophy hunting animals that the Bill does not cover.
If the UK hates trophy hunting, it should ban it here first.
I do not particularly want to see that, but that is what people in Africa feel.
On Second Reading of last year’s Bill that proposed such a ban, the Minister told the Commons that its purpose was to reduce the “impossible pressures” on Africa’s wildlife.
Other MPs argued that the measure would save thousands of animals from the barbaric and savage African practice of legal hunting.
Indeed,  the hon.
Member for Canterbury (Rosie Duffield)  used other such adjectives, but this is misleading.
In fact, MPs’ statements on Second Reading were analysed in an Oxford University study, and 70% were deemed to be factually incorrect.
The Bill covers 6,000 species and most of those are not threatened by trophy hunting.
Since 2000, the UK has imported about 1% of the species in the Bill—that is in 24 years.
At least 20 species that the UK imports may be or are benefiting from trophy hunting.
Rural Africa welcomes controlled legal hunting, as it helps to manage excessive herds and rogue animals.
Furthermore, the fees that hunters pay bring significant amounts of cash into remote areas, where tourists and photo safaris cannot get to.