Those are the greatest threats we face globally and, as the nature Minister, they are in my inbox every day.
I am only too aware of all those threats and of how we need to tackle them.
About 1 million animal and plant species face extinction.
Much of that has occurred very recently—in our lifetime.
The abundance, diversity and connectivity of species is declining faster than at any time in human history, and that includes the species targeted for trophy hunting.
We all know and love them: elephants, rhinos, lions, leopards and polar bears, to name just a handful.
There are those who argue that banning the import of trophies from those animals will do nothing to improve their conservation status, and I am certainly listening to  my hon.
Friends on that, but we have to ask ourselves whether importing into Great Britain trophies from endangered animals helps to tackle biodiversity loss.
Does this trade really help to secure a sustainable future for species on the brink of extinction?
Many animals are under terrible threat anyway because their habitats are shrinking.
That is happening for a range of social and economic reasons, but climate change is certainly part of it.
Ultimately, the aim of the Bill is to ensure that imports of hunting trophies to Great Britain do not put additional pressure on already threatened species.
That is what should concentrate our minds, and that is why I am pleased to confirm that the Government will support the Bill.
In doing so, we signal our continued determination to fulfil our manifesto commitment in this regard.
I have heard the argument that a ban will have implications for local communities and conservation efforts globally, which is definitely something we must consider carefully.
We must be alive to the unintended consequences.
However, the Bill is about imports into Great Britain, as many have said in the debate—my right hon.
Friend the Member for Suffolk Coastal reminded us of that.
This is about listening to the British public.
There is a clear, strong and consistent message that we need to bring to an end the imports of endangered animals taken as hunting trophies.
The winds of change are blowing us in that direction, and a number of countries have already put restrictions in place.
Will my hon.
Friend give way?
I am not going to take any interventions, because Members have made so many already and we do not want to restrict the debate on the ultra low emission zone, but I will refer to some of the points that my hon.
Friend rightly raised in a moment.
It is important to recognise that the import ban will not prevent a UK resident or citizen from participating in hunting while they are overseas.
Trophy hunting can and will continue around the world.
It is right that each country should be able to decide how best to manage its own wildlife, and the Bill does not change that.
That point was highlighted vociferously by my hon.
Friends the Members for Christchurch and for North Herefordshire, but it has to be remembered that we are not preventing that.
Countries around the world on both sides of the debate have had regular opportunities to discuss this issue and raise their points.
Indeed, we have had letters from the Presidents of Botswana and Namibia—the high commissioner was written to just yesterday.
It is important to keep in mind the contribution that the UK trade in hunting trophies makes.
Annual imports of hunting trophies to the UK are very few in number—on average, there have been 73 a year over the last 10 years.
Even so, it is essential that we play our part to ensure that communities around the world benefit from conserving the wildlife that they live alongside.
That was reflected in the agreement of the hugely important global biodiversity framework.