I recognise that that is awkward for Opposition Members who care about animals, but the people who are responsible for those animals are telling us that we are wrong.
Botswana is the top country in the world for large animals, with Namibia second and Tanzania third.
All three countries have paid hunting, which finances protected space and armed guards for those animals.
The country that is 123rd in the world—that is us—is, in the words of David Attenborough, one of
“the most nature depleted countries in the world”.
We got rid of the last brown bear 1,000 years ago and our last wolves 264 years ago.
Africa’s human population has risen eightfold during our lifetimes, causing immense pressure on the land available for wildlife.
That means that Africans increasingly come into conflict with big animals, which may eat their goats, threaten their children or trample their villages.
Last year, Botswana’s Minister for Environment and Tourism started an article published in the Daily Mail by saying:
“Last month, I attended the funeral of two villagers in my homeland, Botswana.
Both were in their teens, tragically killed by charging wild buffalo as they travelled to school and work.
Sadly, this was not an isolated incident.”
She went on to say:
“believe me, I do understand the horror people feel when they see a photograph of a trophy hunting person posing beside a recent kill.
Lion killings in particular seem to cause outrage among Britons, especially after the notorious shooting of Cecil the lion by a US trophy hunter in Zimbabwe in 2015.
The widely circulated picture of Walter Palmer standing over Cecil’s body became emblematic of man’s destructive relationship with nature.
Reasonable though this reaction is, it is a knee-jerk one.
It fails to acknowledge that for many Africans, trophy hunting is vital for the local population.
It is a wildlife conservation measure that generates income used to combat illegal poaching, support community development and enhance habitat protection.
Sadly,”
she says, we
“all too often…focus solely on animal welfare at the expense of human life in Africa.”
I have thought carefully about the amendment that I intend to table.
The Bill does not need to keep coming back in the way in which the right hon.
Member for Warley has brought it back.
My amendment will ensure that the Bill protects certain species, while recognising that other countries may be even better at managing conservation than we are.
It will allow the Secretary of State to add or withdraw countries from a list of those that issue hunting licences and show sufficient levels of concern for conservation.
Any hunting trophy obtained  under licence in a country that was on the list would be exempt from the ban.
Kenya would not be on the list, as it does not allow hunting and its wildlife numbers, sadly, have declined; but countries that do allow it and are doing a good job should be allowed to continue.
This Bill is being questioned by science and by African countries, and there is no excuse for blundering into inadvertent racism.
If we want Africa’s big animals to survive into the future, I ask the House not to ignore the science and the misinformation that endangers the animals that we care the most about.
It is an honour to follow  the hon.
Member for North Herefordshire (Sir Bill Wiggin) , but I cannot say that I agreed with a single word of his speech.
He quoted David Attenborough, but David Attenborough has described trophy hunting as “incomprehensible” and certainly does not support it.
I pay tribute to my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Warley (John Spellar)  for presenting the Bill, to  the hon.
Member for Crawley (Henry Smith)  for his earlier work, and to our departed friend Bob Blizzard, who did an enormous amount of work on this issue when he was a Member.