Friend from Bebington.
The right hon.
Member for Suffolk Coastal is absolutely right; in the last Parliament, there were concessions and discussions in Committee and a consensus was brought about, which was expressed very solidly.
That is why I stressed that this was the overwhelming view and message from this House to the other House, and it is regrettable that the Lords chose to ignore that.
I understand that the other House has a role in revising legislation, particularly when there are deep divisions in this House, but that is not the case with this provision.
It is absolutely clear that the overwhelming majority, including the overwhelming majority of our constituents—the figure is 86% or so, but I will come back to that—are in support of the Bill.
The hon.
Member for Crawley skilfully put it together, which shows the bipartisan nature of the legislation.
That is why it should go through today, and why it should be speeded through its passage in both Houses of Parliament.
The Bebington element of the Ellesmere Port constituency left about 40 years ago, but I know my right hon.
Friend has been here a long time, so it probably was correct when he first entered this place.
I wanted to make the point that he has just made—namely, that there is overwhelming public support for this measure.
A number of constituents have contacted me to express their support; as he said, time and again surveys show huge public demand for this.
Does he agree that it is important that we get the Bill through as swiftly as possible, so that those in the other place are able to do as much as they can as quickly as they can?
I make no apologies for being regularly re-elected to this place over a number of decades.
I am sure that my hon.
Friend speaks effectively for his constituents in Ellesmere Port, and I suspect residents in Bebington probably hold similar views.
That is important.
Sometimes issues come before the House that reflect views from certain parts of the country—there are often arguments that reflect the views of those in the metropolis, or the inner metropolis and the metropolitan elite—but this issue runs across parties, across classes and across regions.
This is a universal view across the country.
People want this country to have no part in this vile trade.
My right hon.
Friend makes an important point.
Like many hon.
Members, I have received hundreds of emails from my constituents in Batley and Spen, who are appalled at the vile trade of trophy hunting.
Does he agree that the Bill will not only prevent the importation of hunting trophies to the UK, but it will also send a powerful message to countries around the world that hunting and killing endangered animals for trophies is always unacceptable, and that much more must be done to prevent that atrocious act wherever it occurs?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that contribution, and for the work she has been undertaking on this issue, quite apart from the Bill.
She is absolutely right.
Other countries, including Australia, France and Belgium—I think there are a couple of others—have already shown the way by banning the trade in hunting trophies, and I hope that what we decide here will start to send a message to other countries that this is an international movement.
As we always realise, society and opinions evolve.
This country has the Bullring in Birmingham, but we no longer torment bulls with dogs in a public arena, or engage in bear baiting or cock fighting.
We have moved on from that and we need to move on from trophy hunting, not least because of the decline in species.
Some of the arguments relate very much to Africa, but I remind colleagues—I pay tribute to the campaign by the Daily Express on this—that other regions of the world are also involved, such as polar bears in Canada.