Those antlers are kept as trophies.
That is not my line of business at all, but I respect that other people might like to do that.
It is all part of culling to ensure that we do not have too many deer to manage.
This complex Bill is worthy of further detailed consideration, but I am worried that the Government may have a secret agenda: they may try to use the Parliament Acts on this legislation.
I would be grateful if my hon.
Friend the Minister could assure me that under no circumstances will the Government seek to override the Parliament of this United Kingdom by seeking to use the Parliament Acts on a Bill that was rejected in the other House—not because it was voted down, but because not enough time was given for it.
I am not sure that there is any precedent for the Parliament Acts being used when debate in the other place has been curtailed through lack of time, the Bill has been brought back in the next Session, and the Government’s failure to provide time is used as a justification for using the Parliament Acts.
I would be grateful if the Minister could respond to that point when she winds up the debate.
Finally, let me put on record that I am against this Bill having a Second Reading in its present form.
Hopefully, I will have the opportunity to vote that way later.
I call the shadow Minister.
I am pleased to speak on this important Bill.
The importation to the UK of trophies produced during the barbaric sport of trophy hunting should have ended a long time ago.
I thank my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Warley (John Spellar)  for introducing the Bill, following the earlier Bill from  the hon.
Member for Crawley (Henry Smith) .
We need to get this sorted today, because we have had Warley and Crawley, and I am not sure there is another constituency that rhymes.
I thank animal welfare charities nationwide, including FOUR PAWS, Humane Society International, World Animal Protection and Ban Trophy Hunting.
They have worked tirelessly for years to ensure that this legislation is passed, and have produced the most helpful briefing  note for this debate.
I also pay tribute to the former President of Botswana, Ian Khama, who has been a tireless and passionate campaigner on these issues.
However, for all the praise that our campaigners are due, we should not have needed to be here debating this Bill today.
The legislation should have been passed by this Government long ago.
We all know that members of the public, including in my constituency, overwhelmingly support the Bill.
The wider public support for it is reflected in the fact that banning hunting trophies was both a 2019 Conservative manifesto promise, as the hon.
Member for Crawley said, and a Labour manifesto promise.
Why is this measure, promised by the Government, not already in law?
Why did they fail to bring forward their own Bill banning trophy hunting, as they pledged to voters that they would?
Given that an earlier private Member’s Bill seeking to implement a ban progressed through the House last year, why are we here again debating an equivalent Bill?
It is because the Bill we debated last year was deliberately and wholly undemocratically derailed by a small number of mostly hereditary Conservative peers.
As my hon.
Friend  the Member for Eltham (Clive Efford)  pointed out, those peers ignored the will of the public, the welfare of animals and their own party’s manifesto commitment, and used the amendment process as a blocking device.
Labour Members think that that is unacceptable, and our party wants this long promised and long overdue legislation progressed as soon as possible.
When that Bill reached the House of Lords, no peer stepped forward to sponsor it.
Why did no Labour peer do so?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for pointing that out.