That is why I am here today to support it.
I thank the right hon.
Lady for coming in today, particularly because there are even more important elections taking place in her part of the country.
She and I might take a slightly different view on them, but we are united on this issue today.
It is important that we stress once again the cross-party support for this important measure.
I earlier highlighted the role of the hon.
Member for Crawley, but I also pay tribute to many of those who played a part in keeping this campaign going over many years.
I think of my old friend, Bob Blizzard, the previous Member for Waveney.
He was a comrade in the Labour Government Whips Office, back in the days before the 2010 election.
He was a great friend and also a great enthusiast—both for jazz, but also very much for this cause.
After he had left Parliament, he encouraged me to take up this issue, and his involvement in the campaign to ban trophy hunting was enormously important, along with the campaign’s current director, Eduardo Gonçalves, who is sadly not well; I hope he will be cheered by the progress of the Bill later today.
That is along with a number of celebrities.
Sir Ranulph Fiennes has most notably been a stalwart in the campaign, as has Dr Jane Washington-Evans and Peter Egan, who initiated the e-petition.
Lord Mancroft in the other place said,
“What the Government are doing today is passing socialist legislation, which is an odd thing for a Conservative Government to be doing.
”—[Official Report, House of Lords,  12 September 2023 ; Vol.
832, c. 957.]
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that this is not socialist legislation or Conservative, Liberal Democrat, Scottish National party or Plaid Cymru legislation?
This is humane and compassionate legislation.
Well, we are a broad church—if Members on the Government Benches wish to join the cause of socialism, I welcome them.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right; some issues divide us on non-political grounds and Members from different parties end up in the same camps, and many of those issues are subject to free votes.
This issue unites us, and it unites us with the British people.
It should have been sorted out ages ago.
It is really a shame that we have to be here today.
I do not in any way resent it, because this is the right thing to do, but this legislation should already be on the statute book.
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for giving way, and I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Crawley (Henry Smith) .
Today feels a bit like déjà vu.
We are back here again, but that sends a message to our friends in the Lords that we will not give up.
This legislation is the right thing to do.
It is an abhorrent act to go to another country and kill an endangered animal in order to stick its head on a wall.
It seems like something from a totally different century.
The fact that we are back again, fighting for the right cause and standing on the shoulders of the giants who have gone before us sends an important message to both the House of Lords and the country.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for that; he expresses particularly well his point that trophy hunting is like something from a previous century.
Its time has passed.
Life moves on and society moves on.
As I was describing, it was interesting in the interviews I did that none of the commentators could respond when I asked, “How can you defend someone who wants to travel a distance to shoot a giraffe, stand on its corpse and bring parts of it back to this country?”
Nobody seems to be able to answer that question.