They will not select the weakest in the herd or the pride.
They will go for the one that looks the most magnificent on their wall or wherever they want to display it.
Therefore, they are taking out the strongest, weakening the gene pool and having exactly the opposite effect on conservation.
That is another reason why we need to send a strong message and support my right hon.
Friend’s Bill.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The negative impact on the species as a whole has to be considered, especially, as my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bristol East (Kerry McCarthy)  said, because we are seeing real reduction in some species.
We are getting below the critical mass necessary to sustain the genetic variation of a healthy species.
Will the right hon.
Member give way?
I will just make a little progress, because I mentioned one of the campaigning organisations and if I take interventions before I mention the others, they might think I am leaving them out.
I pay tribute to the many campaigns that have maintained interest in this issue over the years, bringing us—I hope —to the culmination today.
Humane Society International, LionAid, FOUR PAWS and Born Free have all played a prominent role in contacting Members and campaigning.
There is also the coalition against trophy and canned hunting, which includes Action for Primates, A-LAW, Animal Defenders International, Animal Aid, Animal Interfaith Alliance, Catholic Concern for Animals, the Conservative Animal Welfare Foundation—again, showing the bipartisan nature of the support—International Wildlife Bond, Labour Animal Welfare Society, OneKind, People for Nature and Peace, Protecting African Lions, Quaker Concern for Animals, the Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, Voice4Lions, World Animal Protection, Wildlife Conservation Foundation and Zimbabwe Elephant Foundation.
If I have missed anyone out, they can text me and I might include them in the wind-up.
Those organisations have worked together successfully to highlight the issue, and we pay tribute to them.
I totally agree with the right hon.
Member on that point.
I support the Bill because I stand with many of my Falkirk constituents who have written to me on the issue.
He mentioned many of the non-governmental organisations.
I have been heavily involved with FOUR PAWS in the UK, which has provided so much useful information to me on the subject over a long while.
As we all know, this is a non-partisan issue.
MPs from all corners of the House have spoken at great length and passionately on the totally incomprehensible nature of this brutal sport.
Enough talking—the time is to make this actually happen.
Does he agree that killing animals for sport is just not an acceptable practice?
The hon.
Gentleman makes that point strongly and stresses once again the all-party support for the measure.
I congratulate my right hon.
Friend on bringing the Bill forward.
I fully support it and will be voting for it today.
He outlined an impressive list of organisations.
I do not think anybody has mentioned that apparently nine out of 10 of the British public support the ban, and that is something the House of Lords needs to take note of.
I have just been looking through the list of emails I have had on the subject from right across my constituency from Chorlton, Didsbury, Burnage and Withington.
From all kinds of different demographic groups and areas around the country, the British public are absolutely united in wanting this trade banned.
I thank my hon.
Friend for that point and for highlighting the level of support.