Where wildlife provides few benefits to local people and/or imposes substantial costs, animals are often killed for food, trade, or to remove problem animals.”
That is a welcome recognition by the Government of some of the realities surrounding this subject, rather than the prejudices of people who have been ill informed by certain organisations.
In paragraph 100 of the impact assessment, the Government also concede that:
“Evidence suggests that trophy hunting can provide a value for animals which incentivises their protection for the purposes of hunting rather than indiscriminate removal, e.g. land use change to agriculture.
Without trophy hunting, an income stream linked to positive conservation outcomes could be lost and other options need to be in place to address this conflict.”
That is what the Government said in their impact assessment, so I hope we are going to hear from the Minister how they will address the concerns that they recognised, if indeed they are still hell-bent on pushing this legislation through to try to get it on to the statute book.
The Government also conceded in their impact assessment—perhaps this is a point that my hon.
Friend the Minister could refer to—that:
“A ban in the legal movement of animal trophies could have the unintended consequences, including increasing the illegal trade in wildlife parts which is unregulated.
It could also reduce the amount of protein available to local communities as meat is often a by-product of trophy hunts.
After a hunting ban in 2014 in Botswana one village lost the provision of 154 tonnes of meat, so less protein was available to the community.
This resulted in an increase in illegal poaching and documented declines in wildlife.”
Those are facts.
What is the Government’s response to the facts to which they referred in their own impact assessment in 2021?
The issue of costs is discussed in paragraph 102:
“One of the major arguments for hunting for trophies is that it provides financial benefits to local communities, and without trophy hunting these benefits could be lost.
However, the extent to which local communities truly benefit is widely debated.”
Of course, that is the debate we are having today.
Let us not take a view that all the people who support this Bill are lovers of animals and all the people who are against  it despise animals.
Nobody could be a stronger supporter of animals than I am.
Indeed, my wife and I are proud that we have produced a daughter who is now a veterinary surgeon.
Can one adduce any more evidence of the importance of inculcating into one’s children a love of animals that their parents share?
Let us have none of this nonsense suggesting that this is not a vile activity and that those who are against this Bill should be subject to some sort of vilification.
That is completely ridiculous.
Let me also refer to the letter to which my hon.
Friend the Member for North Herefordshire referred from the Namibian Association of Community Based Natural Resource Management Support Organisations.
The letter was sent to all British MPs, and I am disappointed that more of my parliamentary colleagues who will have seen that letter are not present.
One asks rhetorically, what have they done as a result of the points made in it?
Mr Louis says:
“Please do not regard Africans as being incapable of deciding our domestic policies.
The reason we have legal hunting is that it pays for protected land for our big animals.
As our human population grows, it is crucial for our lions and elephants to have such space.
Our rhinos also require armed guards to safeguard them from ruthless poaching gangs financed by Chinese criminals.
When there are no guards, massive numbers of the animals get killed by these brutal gangs.
Legal hunting pays for the guards and kills far fewer.”
When we as a family were in South Africa, we saw the consequences of what happens with rhinos.