The murder of animals for fun is also condemned by Chris Packham, Bill Bailey, Joanna Lumley and Sir Ranulph Fiennes, as well as MPs and activists across the political divide and those with no political affiliation whatsoever.
The legendary Jane Goodall said:
“Trophy hunting is utterly cruel, utterly unnecessary and utterly disastrous from a conservation perspective.
It inflicts pain and suffering on animals for no other reason than to boast of some ephemeral ‘prowess’.
There is no material human need met by it; it is a hobby, pure and simple, and a deeply wrong one at that.”
I urge colleagues to support the Bill.
I sincerely thank my right hon.
Friend the Member for Warley for bringing it forward.
I echo the words of the Humane Society and say that there is “no excuse” for trophy hunting, so let us get the ban done.
The one thing that unites the House is that we all want to see successful conservation, but this Bill has always been about racism and neocolonialism.
This Bill is questioned by science and by African countries.
If anybody, no matter how much they think they love animals, is thinking about writing to me or contacting me about trophy hunting, I insist that they seriously consider what African representatives have said about both the Bill and the people who support it.
Over the last 22 years, 73 CITES-listed species of animal have been imported as hunting trophies.
In the same period, the pet industry has traded in over 560 listed species.
If hon.
Members care about CITES, then perhaps the Bill should include pets as well.
I do not believe anybody in the House intends to be racist, but this Bill crosses the line.
The Namibian Environment Minister, Pohamba Shifeta, has written to our Environment Secretary denouncing the Bill as
“regressive step towards neo-colonialism… Your bill implies that your judgments supersede our insights and expertise… Such unilateral actions, made without consultation and collaboration with us…challenges the sovereignty of nations like Namibia.”
We have talked about Botswana and I will quote what President Masisi says.
It is worth remembering that Botswana had 50,000 elephants; it now has 130,000 elephants.
The population increases year on year by about 5,000 elephants.
Some 400 trophy hunting licences are issued, but those licences have never all been taken up.
When President Masisi describes intervention in Africa’s wildlife as “a racist onslaught”—
On that point, will the hon.
Gentleman give way?
I am in the middle of a quote, but I think the President will forgive me for allowing the hon.
Gentleman to intervene.
Does the hon.
Gentleman agree that the House is perfectly entitled to make decisions having considered all the facts, not just selective facts?
It can then decide that it does not want hunting trophies to be brought into this country, and it is perfectly entitled to make that decision.
If I did not respect the House, I would not have bothered to turn up today, so I do not think that is a valid point.
We must consider how we would feel if Botswana, Namibia, Tanzania, Zambia, South Africa or Zimbabwe were legislating on what we do here.
Awkwardly for the hon.
Gentleman, we  are not banning trophy hunting in the UK.
We are targeting CITES-listed species, but we do not seem to care that there are 5,000 such species, of which only a handful are actually relevant.
To continue, the Namibian Environment Minister, Pohamba Shifeta, says this is
“regressive step towards neo-colonialism”—
whether it is meant that way or not.
He goes on to say,
“Your bill implies that your judgments supersede our insights”—
those of the people who actually look after these animals.
He says:
“Such unilateral actions, made without consultation…challenges the sovereignty”.
President Masisi said that this is “a racist onslaught” from people who
“sit in the comfort of where they are and lecture us about the management of species they don’t have.”