At least 20 species that the UK imports may be or are benefiting from trophy hunting.
Rural Africa welcomes controlled legal hunting, as it helps to manage excessive herds and rogue animals.
Furthermore, the fees that hunters pay bring significant amounts of cash into remote areas, where tourists and photo safaris cannot get to.
This creates incentives for villagers to refrain from poisoning, snaring or shooting the animals.
Between 20% and 100% of concession fees usually go towards community land.
Africans know that legal hunting reduces illegal hunting.
It is the poaching, often funded by Chinese criminal gangs, that puts at critical risk the survival of the species that we all treasure.
Those brutal gangs are indiscriminate in how many animals they kill.
By contrast, legal hunting estates need and want to grow their herds to ensure the future of their businesses, and that is why they invest heavily in anti-poaching patrols.
They provide the armed guards that are vital to protect these animals from gruesome deaths.
This legal hunting operates under strict quotas, agreed by national Governments and the international regulator.
As a result, the herds have flourished.
One paper found that in Kenya, where hunting has long been banned, there has been a dramatic fall in wildlife numbers.
Another study found that Botswana, which did ban hunting, saw a horrific surge in human-wildlife conflict, with a 593% increase in the discovery of elephant carcases.
That disaster led to a quick reversal of the ban.
In 2016, briefings from the International Union for Conservation of Nature stated that
“legal, well regulated trophy hunting programs can, and do, play an important role in delivering benefits for both wildlife conservation and for the livelihoods and wellbeing of indigenous and local communities”.
In a letter to the Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, Namibia’s Minister for Environment and Tourism said:
“We are most concerned about how this proposed law would undermine the finances of our Protected Areas and Conservancies… The lack of dedicated land and the protection which protected hunting pays for would critically undermine the survival of species which we all love.”
He went on to say:
“The implications of this legislation, therefore, extend far beyond what has become known as ‘trophy’ hunting, potentially impacting the livelihoods of rural communities that rely on the revenue it generates.”
A joint statement from southern African Government representatives in the UK opposed the Bill.
I think the hon.
Gentleman indicated that only 1% of trophies have come to this country.
If it is only 1%, enacting this piece of legislation will not make that much difference to those countries, will it?
It would make enough difference for the hon.
Gentleman to turn up for the debate, and for me to do so.
It would also make enough difference for all the representatives of those southern African countries who care about the creatures that we all purport to care about to say that the Bill is wrong.
In fact, they said:
“If income streams from trophy hunting were substantially reduced—as would be the outcome of this Bill—land would be abandoned and subject to poaching, or converted to less biodiversity-friendly uses, such as agriculture and livestock production.
Local communities who live near and with wildlife would suffer.”
I think it is pretty clear that they do not think that the hon.
Gentleman is right.
The statement ends:
“Southern Africa’s track record on conservation is world-leading, and we use trophy hunting to do it.
Let us continue to do so.”
I recognise that that is awkward for Opposition Members who care about animals, but the people who are responsible for those animals are telling us that we are wrong.
Botswana is the top country in the world for large animals, with Namibia second and Tanzania third.
All three countries have paid hunting, which finances protected space and armed guards for those animals.