However, it cannot be right that access to them is determined by factors such as race and religion.
I applaud the Justice team for making such a strong and robust response to the Sentencing Council’s guidance so far.
Can the Minister assure me that unlike the last Government, who were clearly asleep at the wheel during the consultation, we remain willing to take whatever action is needed to uphold this important principle?
I agree with my hon.
Friend that the last Government appear to have been asleep at the wheel, rediscovering their mojo only once they were in opposition.
Last week, the Prime Minister announced that he is abolishing NHS England to make sure the NHS is brought back under democratic control.
Will the Minister be lobbying the Prime Minister to abolish the Sentencing Council to make sure sentencing is brought back under democratic control?
I thank the former common sense Minister for her question—
You wouldn’t understand common sense.
If the right hon.
Lady stops gabbling and listens, I will attempt to answer her question.
I think the right hon.
Lady is getting a little ahead of herself.
There is a process in place, and there has been a constructive meeting with the Sentencing Council.
A letter is being sent to the Sentencing Council, and the Sentencing Council will respond.
I do not believe the shadow Secretary of State believes that the law is currently applied equally and free of structural biases.
But given the unfortunate politicisation of all this, does the Minister now back the chair of the Sentencing Council, who says that the state should not determine the sentence imposed on an individual offender and that sentencing guidelines of any kind—if they were to be dictated in any way by Ministers—would breach an important principle?
Certain things are a matter of policy, and they are for the Government and for Parliament.
We have had a constructive meeting with the Sentencing Council, a letter is going to the Sentencing Council, and the Sentencing Council will respond.
We totally respect the independence of our judiciary.
Just the other week, the Lord Chancellor made it clear that she does not agree with the direction in which the Sentencing Council is going, and I think we all hope that her meetings with the Sentencing Council will produce results.
However, if they do not, will the Minister commit to working across parties?
I think there is a real commitment on the Opposition Benches to work with him to bring forward emergency legislation, if that is required.
I thank the right hon.
Member for the constructive tone of his question.
I refer him to the point about our not wanting to get ahead of ourselves.
We need to allow the process to go forward, and to respect the Sentencing Council’s role in it; we will address things when we need to address them.
We are in the bizarre position where the body that advises judges on how to judge may decide to go to court for a ruling on whether Ministers have the power to tell judges what to do.
What preparation has the Minister’s Department made for that possibility?
I am afraid that I am becoming a bit repetitive.
There is a desire from Opposition Members to rush ahead, and I have great respect for that—[Interruption.]
Well, you had 14 years, and what did you do in them? [
Interruption.]
Sorry, Mr Speaker, not you.
Opposition Members are trying to rush ahead; we will take things steadily, at the right pace, with proper respect.
On a point of great importance to the Lord Chancellor, she is reduced to asking the Sentencing Council to change its mind.
The former Minister for common sense is right.
There is a lesson here for all parliamentarians about the way we delegate powers to quangos that then come up with solutions that we clearly find repulsive.
There was a constructive meeting.
If the right hon.