Can the Minister tell me how many pensioners in North Durham currently claim pension credit, and how many are entitled to it but do not claim it and could benefit from this increase?
My hon.
Friend is right to draw attention to the importance of the 4.1% increase in pension credit that will take place in just a few weeks’ time, and I can tell him that about 3,000 people are claiming pension credit in North Durham.
He is also right to mention the more than £25 billion that the Government are investing in the NHS.
The unacceptable state of the health service is the biggest betrayal of older generations by the Conservative party, and we are going to change that.
What steps her Department is taking to help reduce levels of unemployment in Stoke-on-Trent.
In the year to September 2024, 4.7% of working-age people were unemployed in Stoke-on-Trent, but as I said earlier, that often masks bigger problems relating to economic inactivity, frequently caused by ill health.
We propose to join up work, health and skills support, and to ensure  that local areas throughout England have “Get Britain Working” plans so that every part of the country has a plan to grow.
It is clear that the Government are making a serious attempt to remove the barriers preventing people with mental health conditions from entering work.
May I issue an invitation to the Minister, and commend to her the work of the combined healthcare trust in Stoke-on-Trent and its peer support mentors?
These are people who have overcome mental health challenges and now work with other people struggling with their own mental health to build confidence and opportunity.
Whatever plan the Government introduce, work of this kind should be central to it, and I think that if they came to see it, they would be very impressed.
I would love to come to Stoke—[Interruption.]
There are so many football-related jokes that I could make at this point, but I will not trouble the House.
I would love to come to Stoke, and not just on a wet Tuesday night.
My hon.
Friend makes the case for exactly the strategy that underpins our reform, which is to join up health and work support.
I have seen in my own constituency the power of peer mentors for mental health conditions, and I would love to come and see the brilliant work that my hon.
Friend has described.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of the welfare system in supporting disabled people into work.
Many disabled people want to work but were written off and failed by the last Government.
Our work aspirations survey of health and disability claimants found that a third wanted to work at some point in the future if their health improved or the right job was available, and 200,000 said that they would work now if they got the right support.
This Government will ensure that disabled people who can work have the same rights and chances to work as everybody else, because that principle of equality is what this Labour Government are for.
Christopher, a resident of Talke in my constituency, was badly let down by a flawed PIP assessment—one that lacked basic humanity and empathy.
With reports of welfare reforms in the media, he is now deeply worried about what the future holds.
What steps will be taken to ensure that people like Christopher are treated with fairness and dignity, and given the support that they need?
I say to my hon.
Friend and his constituent that treating people with dignity and respect is absolutely at the heart of this Government’s plans.
Having been a constituency MP for 14 long years under the Conservatives, I know that there will always be people who cannot work because of the severity of their disability or illness, but I also meet—day in, day out—disabled people who are denied the chance to work, for many different reasons.