Meanwhile, my constituent Tyrone is blind, autistic and has cerebral palsy, and, although he is an aspiring DJ, may struggle to find permanent work.
What steps is the Minister taking to ensure that we take a balanced approach, supporting those who cannot work with protection, dignity and security while ensuring that those who can go back  into work?
My hon.
Friend sets out exactly the balance that we need to strike with our plan: proper employment support on the one hand, which has not been available   in the past, and dealing with work disincentives in the current system on the other.
When he sees the proposals shortly, I think he will welcome the measures we are planning.
Can the Minister reassure people who have had an amputation or have schizophrenia, terminal cancer or uncontrolled epilepsy that tomorrow’s announcements will not mean a cut in their social security?
As we have already made clear today, we are absolutely determined to protect those who need to be protected in the proposals we are bringing forward.
I think the hon.
Lady will welcome and be reassured by the proposals when she sees them.
There are currently thousands of disabled children and adults across the country, including in Hyndburn and Haslingden, who cannot access their childhood tax funds.
How is the Minister working to address this issue with the Ministry of Justice to help families to gain quick and easy access to these funds?
Will he give further consideration to increasing the scope of the DWP appointee scheme to cover child tax funds and junior individual savings accounts up to £5,000?
I welcome my hon.
Friend’s interest in this subject, which she and I have met to discuss.
She is absolutely right: there should be no barriers to young people and their families accessing these funds.
The Ministry of Justice has made some progress already.
I do not think the answer will be altering the DWP appointee scheme, but there will be further progress to make things easier.
What is the Minister’s estimate for the number of pensioners who would qualify for pension credit but have not applied in North Durham?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his question.
The Department for Work and Pensions does not produce data at a constituency level, but I will tell him the answer to his question at a national level: much lower than it was before this Government came into office.
Supporting people back into work is not only the right thing to do for the UK economy, but the fair and compassionate thing to do for people stuck in the welfare system.
However, over the past few days, a significant number of people have contacted my constituency office with profound concerns about what they have heard and read in the press.
Does the Minister agree that by removing the culture of fear and creating a nurturing environment, we can help people back into work and give them the support they need not just to survive but to thrive?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
We are determined to provide proper support, which existed in the past, but disappeared after 2010.
We want to provide that support again because so many people would thrive if they had it.
At the moment there  are 200,000 people out of work on health and disability grounds who would love to be in a job if they just had the support.
We will provide it.
For weeks, the Government’s active trailing of welfare cuts has generated genuine fear.
Disabled people in Brighton Pavilion are writing to me in terror.
Will the Secretary of State apologise for this and reassure the public that benefit changes will not take place this calendar year or without parliamentary votes in this House?
First, I recognise that there has been a good deal of anxiety, and I regret that.
But there will not be long to wait.
The proposals will soon become clear.
The hon.