Lady had 14 years to solve the problem and the Conservatives’ record is clear: nearly 1 million young people not in education, employment or training, which is one in eight of all our young people; and the number of young people with mental health concerns who are out of work has now reached 270,000.
That is the legacy of 14 years of Conservative government, and it is a legacy that this Government are determined to change.
I asked about what has happened “since” the right hon.
Lady’s party has been in government: it is her Chancellor’s tax on jobs and economic mismanagement that are costing young people opportunities.
Instead of taxing jobs, Labour should have been ready with a plan for welfare reform at the time of the Budget.
They have spent nine months trying to cobble one together and still we wait.
Why did the right hon.
Lady not make any plans in opposition, and does she regret that?
Conservative Members had no plan.
Even their own former Chancellor admitted that the numbers were made up.
The only thing they put forward were proposals on the work capability assessment, which have recently been ruled illegal by the courts.
They had no plan, but they had a clear record: leaving people behind, writing them off and putting them on the scrapheap.
This Labour Government will turn that around and get people, and our country, on the pathway to success.
What assessment her Department has made of the potential merits of removing the two-child benefit cap.
The two-child benefit cap was introduced by the Conservative party 10 years ago.
Its period in office saw child poverty rise to over 4 million and one in three of our children arriving at primary school not ready to learn.
As soon as the Secretary of State and I were appointed, we got to work to establish our child poverty taskforce, as promised in Labour’s manifesto, and those efforts are ongoing.
A BMJ study found that people in food poverty have diets with worse health outcomes including more fat, sugar and salt, so what conversations has the Minister had with the Health Secretary about how lifting the two-child benefit cap could improve diet and reduce costs for the NHS?
The Health Secretary and I talked about child poverty many times as we sat on the Opposition Benches watching the situation for our kids get worse and worse every year.
The Member makes a very serious and important point about the wide-ranging consequences of poverty and, if I may, I would encourage him to submit the evidence he mentioned to the child poverty taskforce so that we can take full account of it.
One in two children in my constituency live in poverty.
There is a lot of speculation swirling around the excellent child poverty taskforce, which I applaud the Government for establishing, including that the cap could be lifted for under-fives, which would affect fewer than 20,000 households compared with the 440,000 households which currently are affected by the two-child benefit cap.
Can the Minister reassure the House and the country that the child poverty taskforce is looking to support all children in poverty, whatever decisions it comes up with, and not just a small segment of them?
Yes, I can.
All children matter.
We are taking account of a considerable range of different policy options, carefully working through the impact that they would have, but all the children in this country matter.
Whether she has had discussions with the Secretary of State for Business and Trade on the potential impact of the Employment Rights Bill on employment rates.
I meet regularly with Business and Trade Ministers.
We are committed to working with businesses to ensure that policy is pro-employer and pro-worker.
Boosting wages will increase workforce participation, helping employers fill vacancies and supporting us to reach our ambition of 80% employment.