She would have used her powers of appointment to sack the individuals who drafted the rules.
Time is running out, and so is confidence in the Sentencing Council.
Frankly, the public are losing confidence in the Justice Secretary and her Ministers, too.
I cannot escape the conclusion that the Justice Secretary actually supports these two-tier sentencing rules.
Why?
Because she supported a group that called the criminal system institutionally racist.
Her representatives walked through the two-tier guidance and approved it, and she  refuses to legislate to block the guidance coming into force or to take any sanction against the members of the Sentencing Council that drafted it.
If there is one thing we know about Labour Governments, it is that they always end in tears.
This time, it is a second-tier Justice Secretary pursuing two-tier justice, all to suck up to her boss, two-tier Keir.
There is one thing that we know about Labour Governments: they always have to clear up the mess left by Conservative Governments.
That is what the Lord Chancellor is doing at the moment.
She is clearing up the mess left by the previous Government: the clogged-up the courts, the overflowing prisons and the overworked Probation Service.
Getting back to the facts of the case, the Lord Chancellor met the Sentencing Council last Thursday and had a constructive discussion.
It was agreed that she will set out her position more fully in writing, which the Sentencing Council will then consider before the guidance is due to come into effect.
This is serious government, not auditioning for government.
The Conservatives were not only consulted; they welcomed these guidelines when they were in office.
The former Minister for sentencing wrote a letter of welcome to the Sentencing Council setting this out on  19 February 2024 .
There is a process in place now that needs to be allowed to play out.
We will not pre-empt that process.
I call the Chair of the Justice Committee.
The Sentencing Council is—it should not need saying—a non-political body whose guidelines are carefully drafted and widely consulted on.
These guidelines received positive responses from the Justice Committee under its previous Chair and from the previous Government.
They do not require that a pre-sentence report is ordered, they do not limit who should be the subject of such a report and they do not tie the hands of the sentencer.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that by dragging the Sentencing Council into the political arena without good cause, the shadow Justice Secretary degrades both the Sentencing Council and himself?
My hon.
Friend the Chair of the Select Committee makes a good point about the way in which the shadow Justice Secretary conducts himself.
The important thing is that the Lord Chancellor had a constructive meeting with the chair of the Sentencing Council and there is now a process in place to address this issue.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I would like to think that all in this House believe in equality under the law, in sentencing matters and otherwise, but it is clear that two-tier justice has existed in our country, having been governed by two-tier Tories who thought they could get away with illegal No.
10 parties while the rest of us were told to stay at home; two-tier Tories such as the shadow Justice Secretary, who unlawfully approved a development for his donor; and two-tier Tories who have pummelled our prisons and crashed our courts, leaving victims to pay the price.
Can the Minister tell us  how he will reform sentencing in England and Wales to protect the victims and survivors so let down by the Conservatives?
The hon.
Member is perfectly right to underline the importance of equality before the law.
He gives me the opportunity to give a plug to the independent review of sentencing being conducted by David Gauke with an independent panel, which will address the issues that he has raised.
Does my hon.