I say to my hon.
Friend and his constituent that treating people with dignity and respect is absolutely at the heart of this Government’s plans.
Having been a constituency MP for 14 long years under the Conservatives, I know that there will always be people who cannot work because of the severity of their disability or illness, but I also meet—day in, day out—disabled people who are denied the chance to work, for many different reasons.
That is what we want to put right, to ensure that the social security system is there for those who need it, and not just now but for years to come.
As the Secretary of State looks at reform, is she considering the PIP reassessment process?
For people whose conditions will not get any better, would it not be sensible to relieve them of the burden of that reassessment process unless they wish to be reassessed?
That would be less distressing for them, it would save money in the system, and it would allow people who do need reassessment to be reassessed faster.
I agree with a lot of what the right hon.
Gentleman says.
Patience is never my greatest virtue, but I ask him and the House to be patient and to look at the full proposals, which we will put forward imminently.
What steps her Department is taking to support care leavers into employment.
The Department supports care leavers aged 16 to 24 through an extensive range of interventions to help them into employment.
For example, care leavers who start an apprenticeship are signposted to a £3,000 bursary from their training provider, and they can still receive universal credit if they are on a low income.
More broadly, under the new youth guarantee, all young people aged 18 to 21 in England, including care leavers, will have access to support to enter employment, education or training opportunities.
Some 39% of care-experienced young people are not in education, employment or training—three times the average rate—and that is costing the UK over £145 million a year in lost tax revenue alone.
We cannot achieve the ambition of getting Britain working unless we unlock the potential of this amazing group of young people.
Do Ministers agree that we need to take bold, imaginative action to radically improve the number going into work?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely correct to highlight those statistics.
The number of care leavers not in education, employment or training is absolutely unacceptable, and he will be stunned to hear that I am in full agreement with him.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
This week is Sign Language Week, and my right hon.
Friend the Minister for Social Security and Disability will be speaking in the Backbench Business debate to mark Sign Language Week on Thursday.
This week is also Neurodiversity Celebration Week.
Neurodivergent people face particular barriers to employment, with less than one in three in work.
Everyone deserves the chance to fulfil their potential, so we recently launched a new independent panel to advise us on these issues.
The experts on the panel, including neurodivergent people themselves, will present their recommendations to us later this year, and I very much look forward to their findings.
Last week I visited the Crumbs project in my constituency.
Crumbs provides training for people with disabilities and mental health conditions to get the professional skills they need to go into the hospitality industry, and the personal skills they need to live independently, and 90% of its trainees move into employment.
Given the Secretary of State’s commitment to bringing people with long-term health conditions and disabilities back into work, what more support can she give to successful programmes such as Crumbs?
I welcome the work that Crumbs is doing in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.