Supporting everyone to find good, meaningful work and helping them to progress is vital for economic growth.
That includes disabled people who want to work and contribute, but who are let down by the current system.
Jobcentres have a key role to play in that, and through creating a new jobs and careers service, we will help more people get into work and get on at work, supporting our ambition for an 80% employment rate.
I am fortunate in my community that we have an above average number of 18 to 24-year-olds, but when I was talking to the manager of the Hatfield jobcentre just last week, they said that the single biggest barrier to young people getting into work is their mental health, which a number of colleagues have spoken about in the Chamber today.
Can the Minister say a little more about our objective of helping young people into work?
Does he agree that the only way we will succeed in growing the economy is by helping those people overcome the barriers with their mental health?
My hon.
Friend is correct to highlight the importance of tackling economic inactivity in order to drive up economic growth.
This Government understand the negative effects that unemployment can have on mental health, particularly among young people, which can impact future prospects.
The youth guarantee will help address barriers faced by young people to ensure that they can access quality training opportunities and apprenticeships or help to find work, boosting their confidence and giving them the very best chance of success in the workplace.
A few weeks ago, I visited Salisbury jobcentre and I met Kirstie Reakes and George Thornley, who are helping me organise a jobs fair on  Thursday 8 May .
They could not have been more helpful.
Their encyclopaedic knowledge of the local jobs market and businesses was impressive.
Will the Minister congratulate them and thank them for the help they are giving me with the jobs fair in Salisbury Guildhall on  8 May ?
Will he also reflect on what incentives jobcentres could have to reach out to businesses and deepen their knowledge of local labour markets?
The right hon.
Gentleman is correct to raise the issue of jobcentres reaching out to local employers.
We know that we have a significant issue with whether the jobcentre is the vehicle of choice to advertise local job opportunities.
That is a long-standing issue that we are keen to address.
I am delighted to congratulate his local jobcentre on the work it is doing to promote the jobs fair.
What assessment she has made of recent trends in levels of unemployment.
Official unemployment currently sits at 4.4%, which is clearly much lower than the historic high of 11.9% in June 1984.
However, today’s official unemployment level masks the legacy of the Conservatives’ recent period in office, which saw the number of people off sick rise to nearly 3 million, concentrated in places with employment rates well below the national average, creating a vicious circle where people are forced to leave the place they love for the chance of a career, and where those who are left do worse and worse.
That is why, as part of our “Get Britain Working” reforms, we are building a new jobs and careers service that will be locally tailored and will help everyone find access to support to get a good, meaningful job and to progress in work.
Compared with this time last year, almost 500 more people are on the claimant count in Basildon and Billericay.
Almost 100 of those are under 25.
How many more will have to be made unemployed before Labour Ministers listen to charities, GPs, supermarkets, manufacturers and care providers?
They visited me in my constituency and said that Labour needs to think again about its catastrophic national insurance rise which, before it even hits in April, is already costing the jobs of my constituents.