Member is perfectly right to underline the importance of equality before the law.
He gives me the opportunity to give a plug to the independent review of sentencing being conducted by David Gauke with an independent panel, which will address the issues that he has raised.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that if there is a two-tier justice system, it is not the one claimed by the Conservatives, but it is certainly one that was created by them—one where victims of crime are let down by delays, where working-class communities see justice delayed and denied, and where the reality remains that black and ethnic minority defendants are disproportionately sentenced?
Does he agree that instead of playing political games with sentencing, we should focus on delivering real justice, ensuring that every decision made in our courts is based on evidence, not culture wars or headlines in right-wing rags?
My hon.
Friend is right to contrast the approach of the soundbites from the shadow Justice Secretary with the Justice Secretary’s approach of rolling up her sleeves and getting on with the job of sorting out the mess left in our prisons, Probation Service and courts.
Just to be constructive for a moment and to try to get a bit of consensus, surely no one is suggesting that anybody in Parliament wants to restrict the power of judges and their traditional right to sentence people according to their own lights.
All we are questioning is whether a quango like the Sentencing Council should try to stack the deck against certain groups.
All we are saying is that judges should impose sentences irrespective of people’s race, colour or whatever.
The Father of the House and my constituency neighbour brings a constructive note, and I agree with exactly what he says.
We have an independent judiciary that we should let get on with the job.
As a former magistrate, I have been personally involved in sentencing decisions and have relied on and can attest to the importance of pre-sentencing reports giving as much information about an offender as possible before deciding an appropriate sentence.
Used properly, they can cut reoffending rates.
Does the Minister agree that pre-sentencing reports should therefore be available for all offenders and that access should not be determined by an offender’s ethnicity, culture or faith?
My hon.
Friend is exactly right that pre-sentence reports play an important role, and we ought to applaud the work that the Probation Service and others do in preparing those reports.
She is exactly right to point to how effective they are in helping with sentencing.
The Minister is right to stress the independence of the Sentencing Council, but would he accept that he cannot criticise the shadow Secretary of State for having a view on these draft guidelines when the Secretary of State herself did exactly that?
I also ask him to consider in this debate the real purpose of a pre-sentence report.
It is there to give more information about an offender, but it also enables a judge to impose a non-custodial sentence if they believe that is the appropriate course.
It is hard for a sentencer to do that, unless someone has been assessed as suitable for a community penalty.
Whatever the rights and wrongs of this debate, is it not important that the Sentencing Council makes clear that what is important in deciding whether to ask for a pre-sentence report is whether that extra information is needed and not anything else, including protected characteristics?
That is exactly what the Lord Chancellor is saying.
Does the Minister agree that there is a fatal flaw in the case of the shadow Justice Secretary: his party worked for months to develop the very guidelines about which they now complain?
Does the Minister further agree that rather than desperately scoring an own goal for his party, the right hon.
Member should get behind this Government’s reforms to clear up the mess left by the Conservatives?