What steps is the Minister taking, alongside Cabinet colleagues, to remove barriers to employment, education and training in rural areas?
The hon.
Lady makes a really important point, and it is one that mayors and local leaders raise with us regularly, as well as families who are struggling and children and young people in poverty.
That is why we believe it is so important to put mayors and local leaders in the driving seat of change, so that they can link up transport, skills and job opportunities, as part of our plans.
My hon.
Friend the Minister for Employment and I have been working closely with local leaders to ensure that happens, because if people have to get work, the transport must be in place.
The Minister for Social Security and Disability was kind enough to come to the launch of the “What comes after education?”
report by National Star and the Together Trust.
One key finding of that report is that young people with disabilities face particular problems when trying to access work.
The system is set up against them and workplaces are set up not to work for them, yet many of them want to do whatever they can to find meaningful employment.
When Ministers are making decisions about upcoming welfare changes, I hope that report will be on their desks and that it will be properly considered.
Absolutely, and the hon.
Gentleman will indeed be hearing more about our plans, which will include proper employment support to help people on a pathway to success.
We also have our “Keep Britain Working” review, led by the former boss of John Lewis, Charlie Mayfield, which is looking precisely at what more employers can do, with support from Government, to create healthier, more inclusive workplaces and to guarantee that disabled people who can work have the same rights and choices to work as everybody else?
Much like the constituencies that have been mentioned, my young people in Chichester are struggling to find work and that is no more apparent than for those with learning difficulties, so will the Secretary of State join me in congratulating Together Our Community, or TOC, which provides work experience for young people with learning disabilities aged 18 to 35 to show that they do have something to offer the workforce?
TOC is about to open its own café and centre for these young people.
Will the Secretary of State outline what support is available for such charities and join me at its opening next month?
I join the hon.
Lady in congratulating TOC; it sounds like it is doing fantastic work.
On Friday, I was talking to the headteacher of a special needs school near my constituency, who was saying we absolutely have to ensure that work experience, careers advice and working with voluntary groups are all part of the package of support we put in place.
If possible, I or one of my colleagues will certainly come and see the work that TOC is doing, because charities and voluntary groups are absolutely critical to this Government’s plans.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Back in the autumn, the right hon.
Lady said
“we will not allow young people not to be in education, employment or training.”
How is it possible then that since Labour has been in office there are 100,000 more young people in exactly that situation?
The hon.
Lady had 14 years to solve the problem and the Conservatives’ record is clear: nearly 1 million young people not in education, employment or training, which is one in eight of all our young people; and the number of young people with mental health concerns who are out of work has now reached 270,000.
That is the legacy of 14 years of Conservative government, and it is a legacy that this Government are determined to change.
I asked about what has happened “since” the right hon.