Gentleman will not be surprised to learn that I agree with him.
The victims Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Pontypridd (Alex Davies-Jones) , is sitting next to me; we take victims very seriously.
That is why there is a victims’ representative on the sentencing review panel.
We need to make sure that victims are at the centre of whatever we do.
I have met too many victims already in this role, and every time I meet them, it is very difficult—a little difficult for me, but hugely difficult for them, because they live this.
It seems like every week we are back here, dealing with culture wars—
Order.
Is that a reflection on me granting the urgent question?
I am beginning to feel that it is aimed at me.
We have this urgent question today because I thought it was appropriate, not because we have it every week.
Right, let’s have somebody else.
Judging by the lack of action, it appears that the Justice Secretary is comfortable with changes that she has described as two-tier coming into effect in just two weeks.
We have heard that she is unhappy; if she really is, can the Minister tell the House and the country what the Secretary of State is doing, other than holding cordial and cosy meetings, to prevent two-tier justice?
The Lord Chancellor has made her position clear.
She immediately met the Sentencing Council, and she is writing to it again to set out her concerns, and the Sentencing Council has committed to responding to them quickly.
The Minister complains about having to explain the Government’s position, but why can he not just explain to us why the Secretary of State has not fixed this issue yet?
It seems that there has been a meeting, but she has not even written a letter in the last three weeks explaining what she wants to happen.
That is why I thank you very much indeed, Mr Speaker, for granting this urgent question again.
The Minister has not actually fixed the problem that we are all talking about.
The consultation was held under the previous Government, who not only expressed no concern, but welcomed what the Sentencing Council was doing.
Immediately on seeing the guidelines as drafted, the Lord Chancellor acted to sort out the mess left by the Conservative party.
The Minister says that the situation is completely clear, so I feel like a bit of an idiot for asking for more clarification, but I will anyway.
Pre-sentencing reports are allowed to take in further background on the lives of offenders from an
“ethnic minority, cultural minority, and/or faith minority community”.
What is the definition of a cultural minority, and are our veterans considered a cultural minority?
The hon.
Member reads out a phrase that was welcomed by the previous Government, but that the Lord Chancellor is objecting to and talking to the Sentencing Council about.
On Wednesday, I challenged the Prime Minister directly on two-tier justice, and gave him the opportunity to confirm that he would back the shadow Justice Secretary’s Bill to stop this in its tracks.
In his attempts to scramble out of giving that commitment, he said something which has been repeated today: that the previous Government were consulted on and welcomed the guidance.
However, the Sentencing Council has already put in writing that the wording is different and so would lead to a materially different outcome.
The Government failed to take the opportunity that the shadow Justice Secretary presented them with to block this change.
Was the Prime Minister right in what he said, or is the Sentencing Council right?
They cannot both be.
The letter the previous Government wrote to the Sentencing Council during the consultation is clear.
The previous Government were not just consulted; they welcomed the guidance.
The initial version of the guidance included reference to specific cohorts of offenders, including ethnic minorities.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.