Does the Minister agree that there is a fatal flaw in the case of the shadow Justice Secretary: his party worked for months to develop the very guidelines about which they now complain?
Does the Minister further agree that rather than desperately scoring an own goal for his party, the right hon.
Member should get behind this Government’s reforms to clear up the mess left by the Conservatives?
To be fair to the Conservatives, they did not work on the guidelines, but they were consulted on them, and they did respond to them in a positive way.
I note the comments by the chair of the Sentencing Council Lord Justice William Davis, who said that both Labour and Conservative Ministers, or their representatives, had known about the plans since 2022 and did not object.
While I am disappointed that the Government are only acting reactively now, does the Minister not agree that the shadow Secretary of State has no shame and that it is hard to take his faux outrage seriously when this is just another audition for Tory leader?
The hon.
Lady has said what everybody else in this House and outside it is thinking.
Does the Minister agree that the Conservatives have some explaining to do, given that the Sentencing Council’s consultation on the guidelines that recommended differing approaches for those from an ethnic minority background was undertaken during the previous Government, that the previous Government was a statutory consultee and that it was welcomed by the Government at the time?
My hon.
Friend is exactly right.
The previous Government were fully involved in the consultation, and not only were they fully involved, but they welcomed it.
Coming to this fresh, as one without a legal background, it seems to me that there are matters here of very great importance that ought to be properly debated by this House.
Does the Minister agree that this is yet another classic example of where the much-vaunted separation of powers is likely to interfere with the process?
This is the third consecutive week in which we have discussed this in the House.
We discussed it in the Lord Chancellor’s statement, we discussed it at Justice questions last week, and we are discussing it again today.
I thank the Minister for his response.
It has already been mentioned that pre-sentencing reports are important for judges.
However, does he agree that pre-sentencing reports should be available for all offenders, and that their availability should not be determined by an offender’s ethnicity, culture or faith?
Further to what  the hon.
Member for Eastbourne (Josh Babarinde)  said, we also had a two-tier probation system under the last Government.
I absolutely agree with my hon.
Friend’s point.
Does the Sentencing Council understand that, with these guidelines, it is totally out of touch with the mood of the British people, totally out of touch with the mood of the Government, and totally out of touch with the mood of the House?
And therefore, why will it not agree to delay these guidelines until they have been properly debated in this House?
To be fair, the chair of the Sentencing Council met the Lord Chancellor last week, and it was a constructive meeting.
He is awaiting a letter from the Lord Chancellor, which he promises the Sentencing Council will consider and respond to before  1 April .
As a former local authority lead for youth justice, I saw at first hand how important pre-sentencing reports can be in shaping effective and progressive outcomes in justice.
However, it cannot be right that access to them is determined by factors such as race and religion.
I applaud the Justice team for making such a strong and robust response to the Sentencing Council’s guidance so far.
Can the Minister assure me that unlike the last Government, who were clearly asleep at the wheel during the consultation, we remain willing to take whatever action is needed to uphold this important principle?