But there will not be long to wait.
The proposals will soon become clear.
The hon.
Lady will welcome a great deal of the changes that we want to make.
As a human rights city, York believes that disabled people should be at the heart of all decision making.
How have disabled people formed the Minister’s views in making these changes?
Have they been at the heart of the decision making?
My hon.
Friend is right.
Our manifesto has a firm commitment that the views and voices of disabled people should be at the heart of everything that we do.
Over the past week I have had discussions with a number of disabled people’s fora.
When we come forward with our proposals shortly, we will consult extensively with disabled people and their organisations about the right way forward.
The Government announced billions of cuts to the Department; then, over recent days, Ministers have made U-turn after U-turn, and in the media round over the weekend were spinning out of control.
Is there anything meaningful left to announce from the Secretary of State’s original welfare plans?
The Conservative party, which left a broken welfare system that is failing the people who depend on it and taxpayers, had 14 years to put it right.
We know what their legacy is.
Hon.
Members will see the proposals soon, but we will not shy away from the decisions that we believe are right to give opportunities to people who can work, security for those who cannot, and to get the welfare bill on a sustainable footing.
Today’s Telegraph has done a right hatchet job on the most socially deprived ward in my constituency.
The people of the East Marsh are sick and tired of journalists taking a day trip to write their poverty porn stories about people who are proud and keen to play their part in society in every way that they can.
They have sought to pit older people against younger people, highlighting the NEET record.
The young people in that ward are as keen to work as anyone else, but they need the jobs to do it.
What discussions is the Secretary of State having about that?
There will be no greater representative for her constituents than my hon.
Friend, who rightly said that they want the right chances, choices and support to work, as anyone else does.
That is why we are creating  good jobs in every part of the country through our modern industrial strategy.
We are improving the quality of work and making work pay through our Employment Rights Bill.
Our get Britain working plan will give the work, skills and—
Order.
It is topical questions.
I have a few Members still get in.
It is right that the welfare system supports those with disabilities.
However, does the Secretary of State agree that social media influencers who are teaching people to game the Motability system in order to get free vehicles is a disgrace?
If so, what does she intend to do about it?
The hon.
Gentleman will be aware that this issue falls under the umbrella of wider fraud.
We inherited an appalling level of fraud in the welfare system under the previous Government.
Our fraud Bill goes some way to tackling that, as part of a broader package of £8.6 billion—the largest ever package for tackling fraud.
Given that nearly half of families in poverty have a disabled member and that without PIP an additional 700,000 disabled households could be pushed into poverty,  I am concerned that the rumoured cuts will not help people into work but instead drive them further into destitution.
What assurances can the Minister give me that the voices of disabled people have been heard and reflected on in the upcoming Green Paper?
I give my hon.
Friend a firm assurance that not only have we been listening, but we shall continue to listen once the proposals have been published.