We will deal with the incentives to inactivity that the current system presents.
Of course, there will always be people who are unable to work through disability or ill health, and we are committed to fully supporting them too.
My constituents in Eastleigh who support and help to care for disabled family members are desperately concerned about any potential cuts to benefits, including personal independent payment.
They include Laura, whose son is registered blind, and Debbie, who helps to care for her disabled daughter and is herself disabled.
Can the Minister reassure my constituents that disability benefits for people who are unable to work will not be cut?
I am concerned about the level of anxiety and speculation that has been around over recent weeks.
I am sad that that has happened and that people have been concerned, but the current welfare system is failing the very people it is supposed to help—the people it is there for.
Our aim is to make the system sustainable so that it will be there for people now and in the future.
When the hon.
Lady sees the proposals, I think she will see how we will deliver on that commitment.
I call the Chair of the Work and Pensions Committee.
Can my right hon.
Friend confirm that there will be an analysis alongside the Green Paper on the impacts it will have on poverty, employment and health?
I can confirm to my hon.
Friend that we will produce a full impact assessment in due course.
When I was a Minister in the Department for Work and Pensions, working with my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Chingford and Woodford Green (Sir Iain Duncan Smith)  on reducing welfare dependency, getting 1,000 more people into work each and every day, and delivering record numbers of people into work, the Labour party opposed us every step of the way.
Can I take it that the Government’s recent conversion to reducing the benefit bill is only about conning the Office for Budget Responsibility into thinking that they will balance the books after their disastrous Budget, rather than because they really believe in it?
I remember extremely well when the right hon.
Lady was a Minister in the Department—it was very striking how the disability employment gap, which had been falling up until 2010, suddenly stopped falling and plateaued from that moment on.
We will deliver a decisive shift to early intervention, helping people to stay in work, and renew fairness and trust in the system.
We will provide personalised support so that those who can work can get the jobs that they want.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of incentives to seek employment.
The introduction of universal credit and the policy choices of the last Conservative Government seem to have had some effect on people’s propensity to be in work.
In January, the Department for Work and Pensions published data showing that of the increase in the incapacity benefits caseload since the 2018 universal credit roll-out, 30% of the rise in claims could be explained by foreseeable demographic change and the effect of the structural alterations to the benefit.
That leaves 70% of the increase that we do not have data to explain, but the Office for Budget Responsibility and others have drawn attention to the structure of social security and the changes over the past decade.
On publishing the analysis I just mentioned, I told the House that the previous Conservative Government took decisions on social security that
“segregated people away from work and forgot about them.
”—[Official Report,  29 January 2025 ; Vol.
761, c. 366.]
I stand by those comments.
The people of Spelthorne are very hard-working and do not mind their taxes being paid for a safety net for the most vulnerable in our society, but they really do get annoyed when they see their taxes going to people who are scamming the benefits system.