I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Will the Secretary of State confirm that those people in receipt of disability benefits who profoundly cannot work will not face a cut in their benefits?
I say to the hon.
Gentleman, just as my right hon.
Friend the Minister for Social Security and Disability has said, that we know there will always be people who cannot work because of the nature of their disability or health condition, and those people will be protected.
For many people in Dartford, being given the opportunity to learn new skills would open the door to work, particularly with the prospect of new infrastructure projects such as the lower Thames crossing on the horizon.
Can the Secretary of State reassure me that she is working with the Education Secretary to give all young people a route into good work?
Yes, we are not only working together closely to expand the number of apprenticeships for young people, but looking at changing the rules so that they do not always have to have the basic GCSE maths and English to get a new foundation apprenticeships.
I think we need to go further by working closely with schools.
On Friday, in my own constituency, I visited a school that is looking closely at the risk factors for becoming NEET—not in education, employment or training—which is where we really need to take action.
The Secretary of State co-chairs the child poverty taskforce.
Will she confirm that its brief will be very wide-ranging, including looking at children in poverty in dispersed rural communities such as mine, but also taking practical steps to tackle poverty among migrant children whose parents have no recourse to public funds?
Absolutely.
The child poverty strategy is looking widely at how we can: increase people’s incomes, including through work; reduce costs; ensure families   are more financially resilient, looking at issues like debt and savings; and give all children the best start in life, no matter their background or where they live.
Will the Minister provide an update on the JobsPlus pilot and what assessment has been given to its future roll-out, including widening it to include Suffolk Coastal?
JobsPlus pilots were launched in July 2024 and are helping to address employment barriers for the residents of 10 social housing communities.
We plan to publish our initial evaluation in the summer, which will help us to understand more about how this type of innovative community-led employment might support our vision to get Britain working.
I look forward to working with all Members, especially my hon.
Friend, on the next steps for this project.
There are many fantastic organisations across Bromsgrove and the villages, including Legacy Martial Arts, the Basement Project and the Scouts, which do fantastic work to support young people.
The work done by the committed individuals behind those organisations bolsters the confidence, skills and mental health of young people.
Will the Minister join me in thanking those organisations for the work they do across my constituency?
Will she outline what support is available to those organisations to support them in the valuable work they do?
I absolutely join the hon.
Member in thanking all the organisations he mentions.
If he could link them up with his local jobcentre, we can help make the connection between young people who have suffered disadvantage and that really positive community support that is available for them in his constituency.
That would be very helpful.
Nearly one in seven young people in the UK are not in education, employment or training.
That is an 11-year high.
Given that Slough is the youth capital of Britain, what are the Government doing to ensure that young people there have the opportunities to build the successful careers and futures that they so fully deserve?
As my hon.
Friend mentions, there are important opportunities in Slough that the young people growing up there need to be able to take advantage of.