People say  that their biggest concern is the paperwork they have to complete.
The applications contain up to 225 questions purely for pension credit, and many pensioners would easily be able to claim for things like the carer addition through a slight tweak in the paperwork.
What is the Department doing to simplify and combine those applications to make life easier for pensioners?
We are already doing a lot to simplify the process; it now takes 16 minutes on average to complete an online form, and 90% of people apply online or over the phone.
However, the hon.
Lady is completely right to highlight the fact that we must do more, including by simplifying the form.
We continue to keep that under review, and I am always interested in ideas about how we can go further.
I call the shadow Minister.
When the Government scrapped universal entitlement to the winter fuel payment, they said that all 880,000 people eligible for it would get it through pension credit.
We now know that that did not happen; they have got fewer than 120,000 new pensioners enrolled.
More than three quarters of a million of the poorest pensioners have missed out on vital support this winter, so will the Minister tell us whether that was the plan all along—to save money at the expense of the poorest pensioners—or will he admit that he has completely failed in his duty towards the poorest elderly people in our society?
The lesson I have learned is from the last Government, who put up pensioner poverty year after year—it increased by 300,000 over the course of the last Government.
This Government have run a pension credit take-up campaign that has seen an 81% increase in applications since July compared with the same period last year, and 46,000 more awards compared with that period.
That is what a Government doing their job looks like.
That is 45,000 more awards than in the same period last year, but 880,000 people are eligible—that is a pathetic achievement, and the Government have spent millions of pounds on advertising this.
We still have thousands of people waiting for their winter fuel payment, and the winter is over, so it is a little late for the Government’s next advertising plan.
The fact is that we still do not know who has missed out, what the waiting time for those payments was, and what the effects have been on pensioner poverty or on hospital admissions, which have increased significantly for pensioners.
Given the scandalous failure of their pension credit campaign, will the Government release all available data on the impact of the winter fuel payment cut?
We have already released significant data on that and, as I say, data was released just weeks ago showing the unparalleled success of the campaign to drive up pension credit take-up.
Now we are concentrating on increasing support for pensioners right across the board, because the biggest disgrace of the last Government was where they left the health service that our older generations rely on.
We are turning that around, day after day.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of jobcentres on economic growth.
Supporting everyone to find good, meaningful work and helping them to progress is vital for economic growth.
That includes disabled people who want to work and contribute, but who are let down by the current system.
Jobcentres have a key role to play in that, and through creating a new jobs and careers service, we will help more people get into work and get on at work, supporting our ambition for an 80% employment rate.