There is a lesson here for all parliamentarians about the way we delegate powers to quangos that then come up with solutions that we clearly find repulsive.
There was a constructive meeting.
If the right hon.
Member had been in it, I do not think he would have seen it as somebody “asking”.
There was a constructive exchange of views, and there is a proper process in place, which I am confident will come up with the right answer.
It is obviously ridiculous that the Justice Secretary is on her knees before a quango, asking it to respect the principle of equality before the law, but this is not the only example.
The Judicial College’s equal treatment handbook says:
“to treat some persons equally, we must treat them differently.”
Will the Minister condemn that logic and say, “No, we must not treat defendants differently because of their race or religion”?
The Government do not believe that there should be differential treatment before the law.
The Lord Chancellor has been very clear about that.
The “Equal Treatment Bench Book”, to which the hon.
Member alludes, is written by and for the judges.
Ministers have no involvement whatsoever in its content.
Does the Minister agree with me and many of my hon.
Friends that policy decisions by unelected non-departmental bodies such as the Sentencing Council are eroding public confidence in our democratic institutions?
Will he commit to scrapping such bodies, so that policy is always made by Ministers, who are directly accountable to this House?
Policy decisions should always be made by this House; the hon.
Member is absolutely correct about that.
The background to where we are today is that the Sentencing Council consulted the Government of the day, members of whom are now on the Opposition Benches.
The members of that Government were asleep at the wheel.
Now it is down to this Government, yet again, to pick up the pieces they left for us and sort out their mess.
My constituents are confused about the Justice Secretary’s position.
She says she believes that these sentencing guidelines are wrong in principle, and that they amount to differential treatment before the law, but she is in government; she has the power and the tools at her disposal to stop this and change it.
Why has she not done so?
I have tried to explain this, and I will explain it once more.
The Justice Secretary, the Lord Chancellor, has been extremely clear that she believes in equality before the law, and she is not happy with the guidelines.
That is why she wrote as soon as they were published, unlike Conservative Members, who had sight of them earlier in the consultation.
They went further than ignoring them; they responded to them in a very positive way.
Order.
I know you like to think that in order to keep talking a bit—[Interruption.]
One of us is going to sit down; it is not going to be me, Minister.
There are other things to do and points of order to follow.
The Minister is an honourable man, and I have to ask a question on behalf of the victims, if he does not mind.
He will understand that any reform of sentencing must have victims at its heart.
For most victims, their concern is not the ethnicity of the perpetrator, but the severity of the crime and the lasting impact on their life.
Many victims today will feel that the sentencing guidelines play politics with justice.
How can victims be assured that justice will mean time served for crimes committed, and will not be based on ethnicity?
Justice is blind, and so must sentencing be.
The hon.
Gentleman will not be surprised to learn that I agree with him.
The victims Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Pontypridd (Alex Davies-Jones) , is sitting next to me; we take victims very seriously.