Our youth work coaches talk a lot to disabled young people and are very keen to help more.
Our reforms are making that possible, by giving better help and support, and by opening up new opportunities for disabled young people up and down the country.
My staff member, alongside me, does benefit applications, appeals and tribunals at least five days a week.
She overturns 75% of applications in favour of the applicant, which tells me that there is something wrong with the system.
I am worried sick for my constituents who suffer from mental and physical issues because of our 30-year conflict.
There must be a system that protects my constituents and the people we all represent.
Again, the hon.
Gentleman is right to call for improvements.
We want to see improvements in assessments, and he is probably well aware that we will shortly be publishing a Green Paper with proposals for reform to the health and disability benefit system.
We will have something to say about this in that document.
What steps she is taking to support young people into employment, education or training in the Portsmouth North constituency.
What steps she is taking to support young people into employment, education or training in the Cramlington and Killingworth constituency.
What steps she is taking to support young people into employment, education or training in Milton Keynes.
What steps she is taking to support young people into employment, education or training in Derby.
With your permission, Mr Speaker, I want to begin by saying that there has understandably been a lot of speculation about the Government’s social security reforms.
I assure the House and, most importantly, the public that we will be coming forward with our proposals imminently to ensure that there is trust and fairness in the social security system and that it is there for people who need it now and in the years to come.
Almost 1 million young people are not in education, employment or training.
That is terrible for their living standards, their future job prospects and their health.
That is why our new youth guarantee will ensure that every young person is earning or learning.
Our trailblazers, backed by £45 million of additional funding, will lead the way and will start in eight areas next month.
Each of those 1 million people is a real person, and I was contacted by a young man in my constituency who studied an early years education T-level and wanted to enter a desperately understaffed profession but has been struggling ever since to access a starter job.
Being out of work while young can have a scarring effect that impacts people’s job prospects for a lifetime.
Will the Secretary of State work to identify people at risk of becoming NEET and ensure that my constituents are supported to find meaningful work?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question.
Her constituent deserves to fulfil his potential and live his hopes and dreams, like everybody else.
We will be working hard with the Department for Education to identify those young people who are at risk of becoming NEET, to ensure that we put in place the skills training they need to get the jobs of the future and fulfil their potential, as they deserve.
I suspect there might be quite a spike in the number of Geordies not in work today, given the cup final at the weekend.
I recently visited Azure, a charity in my constituency that provides learning and work opportunities, especially for young people with learning disabilities, and heard about the incredible work it does to provide young people with hands-on experience in a hospitality-based learning environment.
Will the Secretary of State detail what more the Government can do to support charities such as Azure to provide these vital opportunities?
I congratulate Azure on its brilliant work.