What assurances can the Minister give me that the voices of disabled people have been heard and reflected on in the upcoming Green Paper?
I give my hon.
Friend a firm assurance that not only have we been listening, but we shall continue to listen once the proposals have been published.
I have previously urged the Secretary of State to liaise with the Department for Communities in Northern Ireland over its pitiful pursuit of benefit fraud.
In the same vein, is the Minister aware that of the 39,000 new vehicles registered in Northern Ireland last year, 18,000 were under the Motability scheme?
Is that not indicative of appalling abuse of that scheme?
Will he raise with the Department for Communities what it is doing about that?
The Motability scheme is highly valued by disabled people around the UK.
If the hon.
and learned Gentleman has examples of misuse of that scheme, I would very much like to see them, but it is  a scheme that is greatly prized right across the House.
I think he would discover that if he talked to other Members about it.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Justice if she will make a statement on the Sentencing Council’s publication of community and custodial sentences guidelines.
The Sentencing Council is independent of Parliament and Government.
The council decides on its own priorities and workplan for producing guidelines.
The Sentencing Council consulted the previous Government on a revised version of the imposition guideline, which included new guidance on pre-sentence reports.
That consultation ran from November 2023 to February 2024.
The previous Government responded to the consultation on the guideline on  19 February 2024 .
The former sentencing Minister,  the hon.
Member for Orpington (Gareth Bacon) , who is now the shadow Transport Secretary, wrote to the chair of the Sentencing Council thanking him for the revisions to the guideline.
In particular, he thanked the council for fuller guidance on the circumstances in which courts should request a pre-sentence report.
The Lord Chancellor was clear about her discontent with the guideline when it was published.
It is our view that there should not be differential treatment before the law.
The House will be pleased to hear that the Lord Chancellor met the chair of the Sentencing Council last week, and the discussion was constructive.
It was agreed that the Lord Chancellor will set out her position more fully in writing, which the Sentencing Council will consider before the guideline is due to come into effect.
In just 14 days, new two-tier sentencing rules will come into force.
These sentencing rules will infect our ancient justice system with the virus of identity politics, dividing fellow citizens on the basis of their skin colour and religion.
The rules will ride roughshod over the rule of law and destroy confidence in our criminal justice system.
The stakes are high, but the Justice Secretary seems clueless—in fact, she is not even here.
Has the Department conducted an assessment of the additional pre-sentence reports that will be required and the impact of that on the Probation Service, given that it is already working above capacity?
Is it considering providing the Probation Service with additional resources to cope with the extra demand?
Does it expect the additional pre-sentence reports to lead to further delays in our courts?
I ask these questions because not only do these new rules violate the most foundational principle of equality before the law, but they also create immense pressure on the criminal justice system.
If the Justice Secretary wanted to stop two-tier justice, she would have supported my Bill on Friday.
She would have used her powers of appointment to sack the individuals who drafted the rules.
Time is running out, and so is confidence in the Sentencing Council.
Frankly, the public are losing confidence in the Justice Secretary and her Ministers, too.