The first group of amendments in this area will extend the application of the ill-treatment and wilful neglect offence in the Criminal Justice and Courts Act 2015 to children aged 16 and 17 in regulated establishments in Wales, as well as in England.
The current gap in the legal framework means it is not possible to prosecute individuals for low-level abuse of 16 and 17-year-olds in regulated children’s social care establishments or youth detention accommodation.
The current offences in sections 20 and 21 apply to both England and Wales, and an amendment seeks to maintain that application in relation to the amended offence.
Secondly, an amendment will extend the application of deprivation of liberty orders to Wales, enabling Welsh local authorities to seek authorisation to deprive children of liberty in relevant accommodation in England.
We recognise the importance of keeping children close to home, within their safe and loving communities, where this is possible and in the best interests of the child.
However, in some circumstances, where it keeps a child safe from harm, a cross-border placement is the right option.
This amendment will ensure that, where a cross-border placement that deprives liberty is in the best interests of the child, the child can either be placed by Welsh local authorities in a secure children’s home, as at present, or be deprived of their liberty in relevant accommodation in England that may better suit their needs.
In both cases, the legislative consent motion process is engaged, as the measure applies to Wales and falls within the legislative competence of the Senedd Cymru.
We are working closely with the Welsh Government on this.
We continue to have conservations with the Scottish Government on extending the measure to local authorities in Scotland.
To conclude, the Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill is a landmark piece of legislation, through which we are delivering the biggest overhaul to children’s social care in a generation.
Our actions will transform children’s lives, keeping children safe and ensuring opportunity and better life chances for all children.
I am grateful to all right hon.
and hon.
Members who have made efforts to improve the Bill for their scrutiny and for the debate so far.
I would also like to extend my thanks to all the individuals and organisations who contributed to the development of the Bill and submitted evidence, including the witnesses at the Bill Committee’s oral evidence sessions.
We will continue to work closely with those organisations throughout the passage of the Bill.
I look forward to hearing further contributions and debate from Members this afternoon on the Bill, as we continue to work across the House and beyond to break down the barriers to opportunity and give every child the best start in life.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What assessment she has made of the potential implications for her policies of recent trends in levels of disability living allowance cases that have been incorrectly reduced to a lower rate without an explanation.
There should be no benefit decisions without explanation.
Claim decisions should always be set out with the reasons.
If a decision is unclear, or if the reasons for it are unclear, a further detailed verbal or written explanation can be requested and will be provided.
Will the Minister please outline how this Government will support young disabled people to have a positive engagement with the benefit system alongside work?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to press for improvements.
We want to change how we think about jobcentres and the benefit system.
Our youth work coaches talk a lot to disabled young people and are very keen to help more.
Our reforms are making that possible, by giving better help and support, and by opening up new opportunities for disabled young people up and down the country.
My staff member, alongside me, does benefit applications, appeals and tribunals at least five days a week.