761, c. 366.]
I stand by those comments.
The people of Spelthorne are very hard-working and do not mind their taxes being paid for a safety net for the most vulnerable in our society, but they really do get annoyed when they see their taxes going to people who are scamming the benefits system.
What assessment have any of the Ministers on the Front Bench made of so-called sickfluencer sites—social media platforms where people are shown how to game the benefits system?
Have any of them looked at those sites?
Are they a good or bad thing?
The hon.
Gentleman will know that the Public Authorities (Fraud, Error and Recovery) Bill is going through the House at the moment.
The issue  that he has raised is at the forefront of the attention of the Minister for Transformation, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Stretford and Urmston (Andrew Western) , who will take every step he can to deal with issues in that area.
On Friday I visited Stansted airport, a huge employer for my constituency, and found out about the important work it is doing with the DWP and the jobcentre to get long-term unemployed people back into work.
What work is the Department doing with organisations such as Stansted airport to promote good practice, such as that at Stansted and Working Minds in my constituency?
Through my hon.
Friend, I give my thanks to everybody at Harlow jobcentre, because it sounds like they have their shoulders to the wheel in getting job opportunities for people who need them.
When we arrived in the Department, we uncovered that there was not nearly a good enough relationship between the Department and employers.
That is why we put a new strategy in place to do the basics well: there is a single point of contact and we are making sure that there is on-the-job training that is tailored to specific employers.
We will be doing more to promote change in that area, but I thank everyone in Harlow for the efforts they are making.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
There continue to be unacceptable delays in processing Access to Work applications, both for my constituents in Torbay and across the country.
This leads to fears among disabled people that job offers will be withdrawn by their would-be employers.
What reassurance can the Minister give the Chamber that the Government have plans afoot to tackle that backlog?
The hon.
Member makes an important point.
We had a manifesto commitment to try to tackle the backlog.
We have put more staff in place to deal with that backlog, but we have more to do, because it is important that disabled people are able to take up jobs that are offered to them.
We need to make sure that that is a scheme that works.
What steps her Department is taking to help increase uptake of pension credit.
This Government have been running the biggest ever pension credit take-up campaign.
In the latest stage, we are now writing to all pensioners who make a new housing benefit claim and who appear to be entitled to pension credit, directly targeting them and encouraging them to apply.
The rate of take-up for pension credit has traditionally been between 60% and 65%.
If that rate were uplifted, it could take 400,000 people out of income poverty.
In Dorset, the number of over-65s has increased by about 20% over the past decade.
People say  that their biggest concern is the paperwork they have to complete.
The applications contain up to 225 questions purely for pension credit, and many pensioners would easily be able to claim for things like the carer addition through a slight tweak in the paperwork.
What is the Department doing to simplify and combine those applications to make life easier for pensioners?