Given that Slough is the youth capital of Britain, what are the Government doing to ensure that young people there have the opportunities to build the successful careers and futures that they so fully deserve?
As my hon.
Friend mentions, there are important opportunities in Slough that the young people growing up there need to be able to take advantage of.
That is why we launched our youth guarantee as part of our plan to get Britain working.
It will be there for 18 to 21-year-olds.
Again, I encourage my hon.
Friend to work with his local jobcentre in Slough as we improve the support available for young people.
My constituent Sarah left an abusive relationship but, after she applied for maintenance, her ex-partner denied parentage, putting the children through DNA tests; delayed matters; claimed special expenses; and then declared nil earnings, despite having just bought a house with a mortgage—all accepted with no investigation.
He is now being asked to pay back his arrears of thousands of pounds at £1 per month.
What is being done to review  the burden of proof on income, to support parents and children who are being financially abused even after they have left relationships?
As the hon.
Lady may know, the Department recently consulted on a range of proposals for future improvements to the child maintenance service, such as how we can protect people from financial abuse and better support victims of domestic abuse.
I am obviously not familiar with the specifics of the case she references, but I would be more than happy to follow up if she writes to me about it.
Pension credit claims, as we have heard, have increased by 64%, and I commend the Minister and the Department for making that happen, as well as Citizens Advice in Stroud and bureaux throughout the country.
However, there are 800,000 people who earn just above that limit and live in poverty.
I wonder whether, when a fiscal situation arises, the Government will review the cap, and indeed the gradient of this benefit.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to highlight both the progress that has been made and the hard work of the voluntary sector, including citizens advice bureaux across the country.
We must continue recent progress, and we shall certainly do so.
I would like to highlight that our support for pensioners goes far wider, including the 4.1% increase to the state pension and to the level of pension credit, as my hon.
Friend mentioned, in just a few weeks’ time.
At a constituency meeting last week, I was told that small businesses are starting to ask employees to go self-employed as they cannot otherwise keep roles open because of forthcoming national insurance contribution rises and extra employment laws.
Will the Department watch out for this trend in its data, in case it was not the Government’s intention to make workers less secure with these new taxes and more regulations?
Since we took office, we have published research, reports, data and other bits of information that the Department for Work and Pensions had previously been sitting on.
The hon.
Lady can rest assured that we monitor employment trends and are keen to ensure that the DWP is far more transparent about data than it  has been.
My constituent Heidi recently moved off benefits and back into work, only to find she is earning less than when she was on benefits.
Meanwhile, my constituent Tyrone is blind, autistic and has cerebral palsy, and, although he is an aspiring DJ, may struggle to find permanent work.
What steps is the Minister taking to ensure that we take a balanced approach, supporting those who cannot work with protection, dignity and security while ensuring that those who can go back  into work?
My hon.