The previous Government were not just consulted; they welcomed the guidance.
The initial version of the guidance included reference to specific cohorts of offenders, including ethnic minorities.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
In his response to the urgent question, the Minister has repeatedly told the House that the previous Government approved the guidelines.
In particular, he besmirched the name of the former sentencing Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Orpington (Gareth Bacon) .
What the Minister said to the House today was wrong.
On page 4, paragraph 4, of the Sentencing Council’s letter of  10 March  to the Justice Secretary, it made it perfectly clear that the guidelines published under this Government were materially different from those considered by the prior Government.
In fact, the Minister’s official was present at the meeting of the Sentencing Council at which this version of the guidelines was signed off.
Will he take the opportunity to correct the record?
I am afraid that he has misled the House not once, not twice, but on numerous occasions today, and that is quite wrong.
Order.
Nobody misleads the House; the right hon.
Gentleman means “inadvertently” misled the House.
I do hope it was inadvertent, Mr Speaker.
Further to that point of order, Mr Speaker.
I do not believe that I inadvertently misled the House.
With permission, I shall make a statement about last week’s meeting of G7 Foreign Ministers.
We met at a pivotal moment.
Some Members of this House may have doubted that we could find common ground, and some of our global competitors may have hoped that we would fail, but after 36 hours of talks, we were united.
Britain united with our allies to make our citizens more secure.
National security is a foundation of this Government’s plan for change, and we are leading from the front.
The overriding priority was, of course, Ukraine.
Last week in Jeddah, the United States and Ukraine reached a common position.
A ceasefire offer is now on the table, and American weapons and intelligence are flowing once again.
This demonstrated what this House has always known to be true: under President Zelensky’s leadership, Ukraine is serious about peace, sincere in its efforts to pursue a just and lasting end to this appalling war, and unrelenting in its determination to ensure that Ukraine remains democratic, free, strong and prosperous.
At the G7, the UK and our allies were united in our unwavering support for Ukraine’s defence of its freedoms; united in support for Ukraine’s pursuit for peace; and united on what is required to make that happen.
Now it is Putin who stands in the spotlight, Putin who must answer, and Putin who must choose.
Are you serious, Mr Putin, about peace?
Will you stop the fighting, or will you drag your feet and play games, and pay lip service to a ceasefire while still pummelling Ukraine?
My warning to Mr Putin is this: if you are serious, prove it, with a full and unconditional ceasefire now.
On whether Putin will deliver, I must tell the House that I see no sign yet that he will.
The G7 meeting helped us ready the tools to get Russia to negotiate seriously.
We are not waiting for the Kremlin.
If it rejects a ceasefire, we have more cards that we can play.
We can all see the impact that the G7’s unprecedented sanctions have had on Russia’s faltering economy—social spending is down, and inflation and interest rates are sky high.
There can be no let-up in our efforts.
In Canada, we discussed where we can go further to target Russia’s energy and defence sectors, further squeeze its oil revenues and use frozen Russian assets.