It would not be right for me to comment on speculation.
We are very clear about the current remit.
RFA Cardigan Bay is there to provide living support for the US troops involved in the construction and operational delivery of the JLOTS—joint logistics over the shore—platform.
The Defence Secretary will, as is his wont, continue to report frequently to this House, and to make oral and written statements.
I am very pleased to hear that  the right hon.
Gentleman would like to see the Defence Secretary at the Dispatch Box more often.
I will relay that desire to him when I see him.
He is a busy man, but he knows that his first duty is to be in this House.
His visit to the Occupied Palestinian Territories was important; his is a global role.
To categorise his one visit as disproportionate, or a lack of interest, is uncharitable to say the least.
In all earnestness, we share the right hon.
Gentleman’s view that a far greater flow of aid and humanitarian support is contingent on a sustainable ceasefire.
This House will know that we call on Hamas to lay down their arms and release the hostages; that is the surest route to finding that sustainable ceasefire.
I call the Chair of the Defence Committee.
I commend the Government’s determination to get aid into Gaza, and I commend the work of the RAF, RFA Cardigan Bay, UK planners and the Hydrographic Office.
As the Minister is aware, I would not expect him to comment on speculation, but some of the best laid and best intentioned plans can run into problems.
Can he assure the House that we would only ever contemplate putting UK boots on the pier if appropriate force protection was in place?
I am grateful to the Chair of the Select Committee, who speaks with characteristic expertise.
He is absolutely right that it would be improper for me, as a Government Minister, to comment on that speculation.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
Can the Minister confirm that the US maritime humanitarian aid corridor is required only because the Israeli Government will not allow the port of Ashdod to be used to receive the appropriate amount of aid for northern Gaza?
Are the UK Government content with that stranglehold over the people of Gaza?
The working assumption is that a nation will be driving trucks of aid across this American facility, but will that nation be the UK?
If it is, what is the risk assessment if UK troops potentially step up for an operation that goes where American troops fear to tread?
Getting aid into Gaza to alleviate the unspeakable torment of the Palestinians must be a good thing, and the professionalism and capability of UK troops is beyond question, but are Ministers seriously suggesting that the best that Euro-Atlantic allies can muster is British troops?
Have Ministers forgotten how British forces operated in Palestine in the Arab rebellion of 1936?
The Palestinians have not.
Any risk calculation must command more robust analysis, rigour and humanitarian ambition, not simply UK Ministers’ ambitions for positive headlines.
Well, Mr Speaker, that was a mixed bag of questions.
I will answer in the spirit of sincere debate.
We should say that we are leaning into the Cypriot and Jordanian humanitarian efforts.
That is very important, because those efforts need to be grounded in the region.
Solutions to the problems of the region lie in the region, but clearly we have a key enabling role, along with the US.
The hon.
Gentleman invites me to comment on speculation in the media, which I will not do.
Nor will I dwell on his reference to the history lesson from 1936.
We should be upbeat and proud of the way we have  significantly leaned into the delivery of humanitarian aid.
That is a key component of stabilisation, and of any prospect of peace in Gaza.