Not only is that independent school one of the largest employers in Worcestershire, but it contributes £28 million to the local economy, and if its 300-plus fee-paying pupils had to be educated in local schools, that would come at a huge cost to the public purse.
My hon.
Friend is exactly correct.
If the Labour party got into government, there would be a hike in the cost of going to private schools, which would push a number of families out of that provision.
We do not know how many, Labour does not know how many and nor does anybody else, but we do know that some—  possibly very many—would come into the state-funded system, causing great strain and possibly cuts that would affect other children.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
With your permission, Mr Speaker, I start by sending our thoughts and prayers to the whole school and the community in Ammanford in Wales.
With exams season nearly upon us, I wish all our students and teachers the very best of luck over the coming months.
We should be very proud of all the progress that our students and teachers have made, with 90% of schools now rated “good” or “outstanding”—up from 68% under Labour.
In the internationally renowned programme for international student assessment, our secondary school children have rocketed up the rankings from 27th and 25th in the world for maths and reading under Labour to 11th and 13th now.
The establishment of the Education Endowment Foundation, which has conducted nearly 20% of all randomised control trials in education in the world, is adding to that success.
That fantastic progress is testament to the hard work of our schools and the evidence-based reforms that we have undertaken since 2010.
On a personal level, may I thank the Secretary of State for sponsoring my charity event yesterday for disabled children with SYNGAP1?
Of course, I welcome the Government’s funding of 60,000 new school places for children with special educational needs, but we need a fairer funding formula for those resources, and we need a further £4.6 billion just to prevent the crisis in special needs from getting worse, so what steps are the Government taking to ensure that funding is allocated according to need, not postcode?
I thank my right hon.
Friend, who is doing exceptional work to raise awareness of the impacts of SYNGAP1, and has so far raised over £29,000 to support vital research.
As he has pointed out, we are investing record amounts in special educational needs and disability funding.
We review that funding and look at the formula every year; it has gone up by 60% over the past five years—to £10.5 billion—but I am very happy to meet my right hon.
Friend, and look forward to doing so.
We said we would have a cup of tea to talk about this important topic, and I will get that date in the diary soon.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
I associate myself with the Secretary of State’s comments, and send my thoughts and best wishes to all those in the school community of Ammanford at this very difficult time.
“The extension does not achieve its primary aim or demonstrate value for money”.
That is a damning line from the National Audit Office’s report into the Government’s childcare expansion.
For months, the Secretary of State has told parents and  providers that they were wrong to be concerned, yet now we learn that even her own Department considers delivery to be “problematic”—her own failure exposed.
Why has she not listened and got a serious plan in place, or is she simply waiting for Labour to publish ours so that she can steal it? [
Laughter.]
I do not think anyone in the country is waiting for Labour to publish its plan.