We are not axing Now Teach; we are not re-procuring it, so we are not extending it again.
To put it in perspective, it is roughly about 200 to 250 people in a typical year, out of about 7,000 career changes coming into teaching.
We are reassessing the best way to attract more of them, because we want to grow the number of career changes coming into teaching and make sure that we go about it in the best and most productive way.
The Secretary of State is well aware of the issues we have with Academies Enterprise Trust and Maltings Academy in Witham town.
She will know of the stories of children missing out on school time because of exclusion and bullying.
Some are even self-harming.
What assurance can she give to pupils and  their families, who have very little choice as to which schools they go to locally, that their concerns will be heard and that they will have greater educational choice over which school their children go to?
I know we have corresponded on this recently, and I know my right hon.
Friend is taking a close personal interest and has been involved directly and personally in multiple cases.
In my most recent letter—I am not sure if it will have arrived yet—I have said that we will as a Department work with her.
I thank the Secretary of State and the shadow Secretary of State for their comments about the incident at Ysgol Dyffryn Aman in my constituency last week.
There is obviously now a criminal investigation ongoing and a charge of attempted murder, so it would not be wise to speculate, but as education is devolved in Wales, will the Secretary of State pledge to work with the Welsh Government to ensure safety measures, following the various investigations having completed their work?
Yes, and I can assure the hon.
Gentleman that I am always willing and ready to work with anyone from the devolved Administrations.
Businesses—those in manufacturing in particular—speak about the challenge in filling vacancies.
The solution can often be in the existing workforce, but older workers can be reluctant to take up apprenticeships.
What work are we doing to encourage more older workers into the apprenticeship system?
Working with employers is central to success on that point.
That is why we are delivering the local skills improvement plans to ensure that we are matching the needs of businesses and employers with the workforce they need.
We are working with over 5,000 employers, with over 700 different occupations, including on skills bootcamps, which bring different demographics to the workforce, to ensure that we have intensive training where industries have those skills needs.
Engagement with businesses is at the forefront of our mind on that point.
This weekend, The Times reported that some Conservative MPs want to see graduate visas banned.
Will the Minister ask the Home Secretary to quash that damaging rumour, given that international students provide the UK with a £42 billion boost?
We are home to some of the world’s top universities, which benefit from strong international ties.
We think it is right to try to prevent any potential abuse and to protect the integrity of our higher education system, but it is true that international students make significant economic and cultural contributions to our education.
We believe it is possible to balance a fair and robust migration policy with maintaining our place as a top destination for students from around the world.
I thank the Education Secretary for all the support that her Department is giving to Bracknell Forest, particularly the £16 million safety valve programme and other SEN initiatives.
Given the high number of good and outstanding schools in Bracknell  and the focus on apprenticeships and T-levels at Bracknell and Wokingham College, might I tempt her please to visit?
A quick yes.
It is tempting.