Why has she not listened and got a serious plan in place, or is she simply waiting for Labour to publish ours so that she can steal it? [
Laughter.]
I do not think anyone in the country is waiting for Labour to publish its plan.
This is serious, because of course we are ambitious; delivering the largest expansion of childcare in our country’s history is not an easy task, but that is the job of Government, and that is what we are doing.
Thanks to the expansion, over 200,000 more children are getting childcare support.
We are already delivering, and have put that deliverability into three phases to make sure we continue to deliver.
We know what we need—we need places, we need workforce, and we need the children—but Labour has absolutely no plan.
First Labour Members criticised our childcare model, then they said they would scrap it, and now they are saying that it is not their job to have a plan.
It is time for Labour to stop talking down our childcare sector and commit to supporting our plan, which is clearly working.
Nonsense, Mr Speaker.
What people right across this country want is a general election, and it cannot come soon enough.
It is not only on childcare that the Secretary of State is in a total mess; school leaders, teachers and staff have been dismayed by her failure to reform Ofsted.
She simply refuses to listen to staff, to the Education Committee, or indeed to parents.
I am clear that under Labour, the days of one-word judgments will come to an end, so when can we expect the Secretary of State to follow Labour’s lead and commit to ending Ofsted’s headline grades?
We will not follow Labour’s lead, because in 2010 only 68% of schools were rated “good” or “outstanding”; now, thanks to our reforms and hard work, that figure is up to 90%.
We have already delivered a number of changes to improve the way Ofsted carries out its inspections, but the answer to these challenges is not to water down standards by abolishing Ofsted, as Labour has twice proposed to do.
That accountability is one reason why 90% of our schools are “good” or “outstanding”—up from just 68% under Labour.
In the past year alone, over 200,000 more children are attending “good” or “outstanding” schools because of the work that we do to improve standards, and Ofsted is an important part of that.
Are powers available to the Secretary of State where schools refuse to implement her guidance on social transitioning?
We expect that schools will follow the guidance, because it is guidance to help them carry out their existing statutory duties, including safeguarding.
If they did not take those guidelines into account when delivering those duties, they would be at risk of breach.
We now come to the SNP spokesperson.
I thank the Secretary of State for mentioning exam season.
I am sure she will include the Scottish young people sitting their exams, whose exams started last week—they are already in the throes of it.
Deepfake images and nudification apps pose massive threats to the mental health of girls in particular, and therefore their educational outcomes.
I am pleased that the Government have taken steps to criminalise the creation of such images, but how is the Secretary of State working with Cabinet colleagues to put pressure on internet companies to take the radical action necessary to remove such images, which can have such an impact on girls’ education?
The hon.
Member is of course right that the lead is taken by a different Department, but we are very conscious of the pressures, including from social media, in relation to pornography, deepfake and nudification, as she rightly identifies, and we are working right across Government to make sure those pressures can be eased.