Nor will I dwell on his reference to the history lesson from 1936.
We should be upbeat and proud of the way we have  significantly leaned into the delivery of humanitarian aid.
That is a key component of stabilisation, and of any prospect of peace in Gaza.
I call the Chair of the Intelligence and Security Committee.
One of the main strategic aims of Iran, Russia’s ally, in supporting what Hamas did in October last year was to suck western powers into the middle eastern theatre, thereby diverting them from Russia’s existential conflict with Ukraine.
May I urge the Minister not to comment on the suggestion that we might have British boots on the ground in the Gaza strip, but to take the message back to the Secretary of State that this would be a completely insane idea?
It would be far better to have moderate neighbouring Arab states deal with any distribution of aid that we have facilitated as a result of the viable RAF and sea power that we have rightly exercised.
My right hon.
Friend is right: the answers to the humanitarian and political challenges in the region lie within the region.
I entirely agree with his analysis.
He made a relevant and good point about the requirement for us to maintain focus on our efforts to support our Ukrainian friends in defending their sovereignty.
That is why last week we announced an additional uplift in our annual support for Ukraine to the tune of £500 million, bringing this year’s support to £3 billion—a record amount.
From our work on the Defence Committee, I know that the armed forces are running hot.
Obviously, the events in the middle east over the last six months or so have put much greater strain and pressure on our armed forces.
What is the Minister doing to ensure that our armed forces get proper rest and recuperation, and that we improve the resilience of our assets?
We are increasing funding for defence to record levels, which increases the armed forces’ capacity to train, rest, and attend to all the areas of their lives other than operations.
That is a huge vote of confidence in the esprit de corps of our armed forces.
We are taking defence investment to 2.5% of GDP by 2030.
It is a tremendous boost, which will filter down and improve retention and effectiveness right across the board.
I was in Israel earlier this year and met senior Israel Defence Forces personnel, who assured me that they are doing everything in their power, and are working with allies, to increase aid to Gaza.
It is the right thing to do, and we must continue those efforts, but it is patent that Hamas are obstructing the distribution of aid within Gaza—another reason why we need to support Israel in defeating Hamas.
Will the Minister assure the House that if and when Israel goes into Rafah, where several Hamas battalions remain, and where senior Hamas operatives and the hostages are based, UK support will remain resolute and steadfast, as we support Israel in finishing the job and eliminating Hamas?
We are clear-eyed in our assessment of Hamas: we regard them as a terrorist organisation that has prosecuted an atrocity.
We call on them to lay down  their arms and to release the hostages.
That is the precondition for any kind of meaningful and sustainable ceasefire.
The Government have so far resisted having a proper debate and a vote on British military engagement in the middle east this year.
The engagement of the British Army in Bosnia in the 1990s started out as being for the purposes of humanitarian aid, but was subject to mission creep as British soldiers were attacked by the warring parties.
In 2006, John Reid said:
“We would be perfectly happy to leave in three years’ time without firing one shot”.