The Government have so far resisted having a proper debate and a vote on British military engagement in the middle east this year.
The engagement of the British Army in Bosnia in the 1990s started out as being for the purposes of humanitarian aid, but was subject to mission creep as British soldiers were attacked by the warring parties.
In 2006, John Reid said:
“We would be perfectly happy to leave in three years’ time without firing one shot”.
Will the Minister assure us that if the Government proposed using British troops on the ground in Gaza, they would first grant this House a debate and a vote on the matter?
The lessons of Bosnia are interesting, and are not lost on Government Members.
The hon.
Gentleman should have no doubt that Ministers and the Government will remain fully accountable to this House.
May I declare an interest?
Members of my close family have been, and are, involved in military operations in the middle east.
Bearing in mind my experience in Northern Ireland—seven tours—I am slightly worried that if our armed forces open fire in the middle east, which they have done, a foreign country will, at some future date, put them before an international court and charge them.
I hope the Minister will declare that such a thing will never happen.
I am grateful to the right hon.
and gallant Gentleman for his questions; he speaks from a position of knowledge.
He should be assured, as should the House, that our forces in the region operate with the full force of the law behind them on the basis of collective self-defence.
Israeli media are reporting that the International Criminal Court could be about to issue an arrest warrant for Benjamin Netanyahu and other top Israeli officials for the litany of war crimes committed by Israel in Gaza.
It is further reported that the United States Government are working to prevent justice from being done and to stop the ICC issuing arrest warrants.
Does the Minister agree, after more than 34,000 Palestinians—women, men and children —have been slaughtered in Gaza and Israeli bombings have obliterated and decimated entire Palestinian neighbourhoods, that Benjamin Netanyahu should be held to account for his horrific crimes?
rose—
Order.
We have to be careful: the question is quite framed.
I am sure the Minister might want to pick part of that to answer.
Yes; I regard that as out of scope.
No, I think I do that—anyway, I call Robert Jenrick.
Hamas are a terrorist organisation that hate the United Kingdom and everything that we stand for.
It would therefore be deeply unwise for the UK to commit British servicemen and women, whether on the ground or on the pier in Gaza.
It is for precisely that reason that the White House has categorically ruled this out.
Will the Minister take the opportunity to do the same, so that we can reassure our constituents that we do not make an inadvertent mistake, and that British troops will continue doing what they should be doing, which is facilitating the complete eradication of Hamas?
I agree entirely with my right hon.
Friend’s analysis and his comments about Hamas.
Other than that, of course I will not comment on speculation in the media.
What discussions has the Minister had regarding UN security forces accompanying trucks to enable them to move into Gaza in the light of the impediments they are facing, and also rebuilding infrastructure so that trucks can travel across the country to deliver crucial medical and other humanitarian aid?
A great deal of energy from Ministers and officials is going into the ongoing discussion about how to operationalise the greater flow rate of humanitarian aid going into Gaza, so the hon.
Lady asks a relevant question.