Five years on from the approval of a new secondary school in my Middlesbrough constituency, not a brick has been laid and the children of Outwood Academy Riverside remain in an old Home Office block, and the next two years’ intake are going to be bused to Redcar to portacabins plonked on a field.
Children are spending their entire secondary school years in temporary accommodation and it is just not good enough.
Will the Secretary of State tell ministerial colleagues to get a grip and crack on with building the new school these students need and deserve?
We have increased the amount of money going into condition funding.
We are also, of course, rebuilding 500 schools under the school rebuilding programme.
I will look into the specific case the hon.
Gentleman mentions and come back to him.
My hon.
Friend will be aware of my campaign to improve literacy across the country by improving children’s access to libraries in their schools and communities.
Much can also be done by parents, grandparents and carers in the years before children start school.
What is the Department doing to improve access to books and audiobooks in particular, as well as other literary materials, for pre-school children?
My hon.
Friend raises an excellent point.
Reading is one of the most important things children can be doing at a young age.
Our Little Moments Together campaign provides free resources for parents to encourage a positive culture of reading at home, and we also fund the National Literacy Trust, which does great work to promote reading.
Can the Minister give us an update on the schools-based work of the Youth Endowment Fund on trying to stop young people getting involved in crime, and can he tell us how the success of that work will be judged?
As it happens, I am meeting the director of the Youth Endowment Fund in the morning.
We have a quarterly meeting to review progress and make sure it is on track.
In regard to the worrying topic raised earlier of antisemitism and Islamophobia in schools, will Ministers please bear in mind sections 406 and 407 of the Education Act 1996?
The former bans political indoctrination in schools, and the latter says that when political subjects are brought to the attention of pupils, they must be presented in a fair and balanced way.
My right hon.
Friend issues a timely and important reminder and we are very clear on that with schools.
We also, of course, part-fund Educate Against Hate, which has materials available, and I know that schools also seek to go to lengths in most cases to make sure that when tackling controversial current affairs, they are doing so in an entirely impartial way.
While it is welcome that Ministers are finally investing in childcare, the scheme just is not working, with local providers telling me it falls far short of what they need to meet demand, exacerbated by the especially low rate paid in central Bedfordshire.
Will Ministers change course to make sure that central Bedfordshire families can finally access the childcare they need?
Again, the first stage of this roll-out has gone incredibly well, with more than 200,000 children now benefiting.
Labour MPs should spend less time criticising our roll-out and more in asking their Front Bench what their plan is, because it is supposed to be like the creation of the NHS.
St Francis School and Heathfield School are two excellent special educational needs schools in Fareham, supporting a variety of children with conditions ranging from Down’s syndrome to epilepsy, but around the country there are 95,000 children at independent special educational needs schools.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that Labour’s misguided attack on independent schools will be harmful and punitive to vulnerable children all around the country?
My right hon.
and learned Friend is absolutely right.
This is a policy to tickle the bellies of the left of the Labour party.