What discussions has the Minister had regarding UN security forces accompanying trucks to enable them to move into Gaza in the light of the impediments they are facing, and also rebuilding infrastructure so that trucks can travel across the country to deliver crucial medical and other humanitarian aid?
A great deal of energy from Ministers and officials is going into the ongoing discussion about how to operationalise the greater flow rate of humanitarian aid going into Gaza, so the hon.
Lady asks a relevant question.
The Minister is rightly reluctant to discuss the roles, dispositions and locations of British forces in the middle east, but could he again confirm to the House that the requisite force protection will be factored into all operational level planning, and also that it is not beyond the realms of possibility that the UN could be coerced into taking a more active role in Gaza?
My hon.
Friend also asks a relevant question, and I can give him that assurance in relation to the deployment of RFA Cardigan Bay.
Some 34,000 people are already dead in Gaza, many are dying now in Rafah from wholly preventable conditions such as measles because of a lack of sanitation and medical care, and the Israeli bombardment is still going on.
That is the biggest problem for getting aid in.
What pressure is the Minister putting on the Israeli Government to cease the bombardment of Gaza, to ensure the withdrawal of Israeli forces from Gaza, and to ensure that we will not be deploying British troops anywhere on the on the ground in Gaza, the west bank or any other part of the region and that instead we will search for peace and for justice for the people of Palestine?
The right hon.
Gentleman asks about the protection of civilians.
We continue to make the point to our Israeli friends that they must seek to protect civilian lives, but of course the root cause of this is the atrocity committed by Hamas.
For peace to be secured, all that would have to happen is for Hamas to lay down their arms and release the hostages.
Iran continues to present one of the most pressing and dangerous threats to the middle east and to global stability.
With the increasing emphasis on the need for an integrated defence strategy comprising different nations of the region, does my hon.
Friend agree that there is an ongoing, vital role for British forces to play, as they did so ably on the night of 13 and  14 April ?
I wholeheartedly agree, and we should pay tribute to those who courageously played an active role in that defence of our collective security.
Undoubtedly, British armed forces have a sustained and hugely important role to play in bringing peace and stability right across the region.
The UN reports that 80% of all those in the world facing imminent famine are located in Gaza.
With over 200 humanitarian workers killed by Israeli forces since October, a ceasefire is essential for the effective delivery of aid and for preventing famine in both the short term and the long term.
How can the Government justify their continued refusal to back calls for an immediate and permanent ceasefire?
The hon.
Lady is correct that a ceasefire is needed, as it is the way to assure the flow of aid that Gazans need.
The precondition of that ceasefire is for Hamas to lay down their arms and to release the hostages.
I was in Israel on the night of the Iran attacks, and I saw the jets in the sky, David’s Sling and Iron Dome dealing with the ballistic missiles as they came in.
I felt very proud to know that our forces were involved, and the Israelis were very grateful for our activity.
One group of people in Gaza who are not being provided with aid or proper medical checks are, of course, the hostages.