The Cass review has established that social transitioning is not a neutral act, and that it introduces significant risk of harm.
Does the Secretary of State agree with me that when a new First Minister emerges in Scotland, they should commit to factual, science-based education in schools and implement the Cass review findings in full, so they do not suffer the same fate as their predecessor?
I would encourage our friends and colleagues in the Scottish Government, whoever they may be at the time, to pay close attention to Hilary Cass’s report.
I think her work has injected some much-needed common sense into the debate, and we are very grateful to her.
This Government will always put the safety of our children first, and that is why the gender questioning guidance we have produced in draft is underpinned by the important principle of parents always being involved in decisions about their children.
The Liberal Democrat-run council in Rutland has announced that it will close our specialist—and “outstanding” rated—SEND nursery, the Parks School.
This comes with the further news that it is also going to close our only leisure centre.
The community is rightly devastated, especially parents who want their children to get the best and most expert support.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that specialist provision must be protected and is absolutely vital, and that the need for this kind of provision is only going to increase?
I thank my hon.
Friend, who is absolutely right.
We have been hearing negative things about Lib Dem councils from both sides of the House this afternoon, which, sadly, is not surprising.
She is absolutely right to be championing the needs of those parents and children, and I hope the council will listen to her campaign and do the right thing.
There is no doubt but that this Department has contributed to the chaos surrounding the opening of King’s Leadership Academy in my constituency.
Parents and children find themselves in utter limbo, and this debacle has caused extra pressure on school places across Liverpool.
In reply to me, Baroness Barran provided absolutely no explanation of why it took the Department until 1 February to apply for planning permission, despite having owned  the site since last summer.
When will this Department get a grip, end the blame game, and commit to exhausting every avenue in getting the school open in September?
I will look into the details of the case and write to the hon.
Lady.
Research by London Economics and the Association of Colleges highlights that in recent years there has been a significant drop in level 2 apprenticeship starts.
Will my hon.
Friend the Minister outline the specific work being carried out to reverse this decline in an area that is so vital in promoting social mobility and levelling up?
At levels 2 and 3, apprenticeships make up 65% of all starts so far this year and there are almost 140 apprenticeships at level 2.
We published data last week to show that level 2 apprenticeships rose by 2.5% in terms of attainment.
We will do everything we can to make sure people have access to high-quality apprenticeships, and we have also invested £50 million over two years to boost starts in growth sectors including engineering and manufacturing.
I am always happy to meet my hon.
Friend.
Five years on from the approval of a new secondary school in my Middlesbrough constituency, not a brick has been laid and the children of Outwood Academy Riverside remain in an old Home Office block, and the next two years’ intake are going to be bused to Redcar to portacabins plonked on a field.
Children are spending their entire secondary school years in temporary accommodation and it is just not good enough.
Will the Secretary of State tell ministerial colleagues to get a grip and crack on with building the new school these students need and deserve?