Of course, we miss the former Minister,  the right hon.
Member for Harlow (Robert Halfon) .
As my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bolton South East (Yasmin Qureshi)  put it so eloquently, we are in real danger of dissuading and disenfranchising so many young people from getting into the sorts of careers in which they are interested, and particularly into roles such as nursing.
I reiterate that point, because we have seen a 7.3% decline in the numbers of applications for nursing.
At a time when we desperately need more in our health service, what is the Minister doing?
Does he really think this system, which was introduced ahead of his joining the education team, is a fair one?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his words welcoming me to my post.
The point I would make is that the 2023 cycle shows numbers rebalancing and returning to a trend of normal growth in applications following the pandemic.
He should also look at the big impact nursing apprenticeships and nursing degree apprenticeships are having on the system.
I am always happy to meet him to discuss these issues, but we do think it is a fairer and more affordable system for both students and taxpayers, and will result in more people being able to access a world-class higher education in our country.
What recent assessment she has made of the adequacy of SEND provision in schools in Bournemouth.
Ofsted outcomes are strong for the five special schools in Bournemouth.
Departmental officials continue to work with the council and other services to support rapid improvements, including £16.4 million of higher needs capital funding between 2022 and 2025.
The funding allocation this year is £60.9 million, a 27% increase per head compared with 2021-22.
I am grateful to the Minister for that reply.
He speaks about increased funding, but there is growing anger from headteachers and parents alike in Bournemouth about the mismanagement of the dedicated schools grant over the past couple of years by Bournemouth, Christchurch and Poole Council.
School heads have now taken the unprecedented step of writing open letters of concern to the council.
The council is not following the required guidance and is demanding unaffordable sums from schools which, if implemented, would see the loss of teaching assistants.
I ask the Department for Education to investigate the council’s  decision making, to ensure that correct guidelines are followed in the future and that the right levels of funding stay with the schools.
My right hon.
Friend has done an excellent job of raising with me repeatedly the frustration of parents and headteachers in his constituency with BCP Council.
I and officials continue to monitor that closely to ensure that schools and children in his area get the provision they deserve.
How many children in schools in Bournemouth have relied on special educational needs and disability provision because they have had an acquired brain injury in the last five years?
If the Minister does not know the answer—he might not know it today—will he be able to write to me?
If his officials are not able to provide him with an answer, will he ensure that the Department establishes precisely how many children, in all our schools across the whole country, have had an acquired brain injury in the last five years?
I did not know the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency was so close to Bournemouth.
As he suggests, I do not have the precise answer to that question; I will write to him.
What steps her Department is taking to accelerate the roll-out of the Language for Life programme for nursery and pre-school age children.
Early language skills are vital for children to thrive.
That is why we carried out landmark early education reforms, investing up to £180 million in training, qualifications and support and providing a range of evidence-based interventions, from home learning to working with local health services.