My right hon.
and learned Friend makes a very good point.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs if he will make a statement on the introduction of checks on goods entering the UK under the border target operating model due to be live on  30 April 2024 .
Under the border target operating model, tomorrow the Government are introducing documentary and risk-based identity and physical checks on medium-risk animal products, plants, plant products and high-risk food and feed of non-animal origin imported from the EU.
Checks on high-risk products, currently conducted at destination, are moving from destination to border control posts and control points.
Recent media reports suggesting that the introduction of these controls will be delayed are incorrect.
Documentary checks will happen at all risk levels.
Physical checks will initially focus on the highest-risk goods, with some also taking place on medium-risk commodities.
We will build up to full check rates to both protect biosecurity and minimise disruption.
We will continually review our enforcement approach as we track compliance and trade flow, and will adjust our approach accordingly.
This pragmatic approach will support traders as they adjust to the new regime.
The Government have worked closely with industry, inspection agencies and the Animal and Plant Health Agency, known as APHA, to ensure we are ready for the introduction of these controls.
We are confident that border control post infrastructure has sufficient capacity and capability to handle the volume of checks expected under the border target operating model.
We are confident that our systems are robust, dynamic and effective, and that the inspection authorities are appropriately staffed and trained.
I close by emphasising that the introduction of these biosecurity controls is not optional.
Now that we have moved away from the EU’s rigid biosecurity surveillance and reporting systems, we are responsible for protecting our own biosecurity against threats such as African swine fever.
Let us start by saying this is not about Brexit because, whether Members supported or opposed Brexit, nothing proposed here is inevitable or unavoidable.
Having left the EU, we need border controls, but what is proposed will not be controlled—it will be chaos.