We are building 77 new ones; 51 are already open and the rest will be opening in the coming years.
In Essex, it has been taking far too long for children to get their education health and care plans, so I was pleased to hear that the county council had just recruited 46 additional members of staff.
It is also building new special schools, including two more in Chelmsford, but what can make a difference is specialist hubs within mainstream schools, helping children from that school and from neighbouring schools.
Given that we have large numbers of schools being rebuilt in Essex due to reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete—RAAC—does the Secretary of State agree that this could provide an opportunity, and that we should look at all the schools that are due to be rebuilt and consider putting specialist hubs into those rebuilding programmes?
My right hon.
Friend mentions the considerable investment that is going into special educational needs and high needs budgets.
There is also provision for capital to build new free schools and school places.
As we look to rebuild some of the schools affected by RAAC, which has now all been identified—every school has its budget details—we urge local authorities to consider what will best meet the needs of young people in their area.
There is flexibility on free school places as well: those schools look at what to come forward with as regards provision that is needed to address local need.
I call the shadow Minister.
Coram’s 2024 childcare survey found that just 6% of local authorities are confident that they will have enough childcare places for disabled children.
High-quality early years education is essential in ensuring that children’s needs are identified at the most important time for their development.
The children’s Minister,  the hon.
Member for Wantage (David Johnston) , did not give a clear answer on this last month and his statement last week made no reference to disabled children.
Is the Secretary  of State really confident that every eligible family with a disabled child has been able to access a childcare place as part of the April expansion—yes or no?
I will expand on the yes or no, as the hon.
Lady wants a clear answer and obviously has not heard the clear answer that she been given before.
Local authorities have a statutory duty to provide places for all children, including those with special educational needs, but we are working with organisations such as Dingley’s Promise to review special educational needs inclusion, and to see what more we can do to encourage providers to further consider what they can do to provide places.
However, we will work with local authorities to make sure that we improve this.
What assessment she has made of trends in the number of apprenticeship achievements.
The proportion of apprentices who achieve their apprenticeship standard rose to 54.3% in 2022-23, which is up 2.9 percentage points on the year before.
We are taking action to ensure that every apprentice has a high-quality experience.
We are reviewing and improving standards where there are poor achievement rates; we are investing £7.5 million in the provider workforce development programme; and Ofsted will be inspecting all providers by 2025.
Giving all young people a good education is key to levelling up our country, yet the number of apprenticeship starts has fallen by a third over the last decade and there are 3% fewer completions than three years ago.
We have improved on last year, but we are not there yet.
Why have the Government let the number of offered and available apprenticeships slide, and why does the Minister think that young people are not qualifying at the rate they were three years ago?
We want all young people to have access to good, high-quality apprenticeships because they offer a valuable experience and an opportunity to upskill at the start of their career.