We have improved on last year, but we are not there yet.
Why have the Government let the number of offered and available apprenticeships slide, and why does the Minister think that young people are not qualifying at the rate they were three years ago?
We want all young people to have access to good, high-quality apprenticeships because they offer a valuable experience and an opportunity to upskill at the start of their career.
We have seen a 4% increase in apprenticeship starts by young people under the age of 19 so far this year, and 57% of all starts have been by those aged under 25.
Last year, we saw a 21% increase in apprenticeship achievements in the hon.
Lady’s constituency.
That is welcome news but, of course, there is always more to do.
I am very happy to work with her on the issue.
Is it not the case that apprenticeship achievements have gone up by 22% over the past year, that over 90% of apprentices who complete their apprenticeship get good jobs or good skills, and that starts are going up, too?
Is it not also the case that we now have more than 690 quality apprenticeship standards in everything from aeronautics to zoology, and that any attempt to dilute the apprenticeship levy would not only destroy the number of starts but harm achievement?
It is this side of the House that is building an apprenticeship and skills nation.
During his time as a Minister, my right hon.
Friend helped to completely rebuild the apprenticeship system, introducing higher-quality standards.
Apprenticeships are now longer, better and have more off-the-job training, with proper independent assessment at the end.
They are more valued by employers and we have seen 5.8 million starts since 2010.
He is an incredible advocate for further education.
Following him in this role, I learnt very quickly that I had big shoes to fill.
I look forward to working with him to ensure that we continue delivering in this area.
I call the shadow Minister.
The truth is that not only have apprenticeship starts plummeted since 2017, but new data shows that the overall achievement rate has dropped since 2020, with level 2 apprenticeships hit hardest.
Almost half of apprentices do not complete their courses, which is simply not good enough.
Employers are calling out for reform, but this Government have their head in the sand.
Is this not yet more evidence that, far from tackling barriers to opportunity and boosting Britain’s skills, the Government are failing our young people and our businesses, and that only Labour has a plan to turn this around?
We have made apprenticeships more rigorous.
They are now more credible.
They are designed by employers and have proper robust assessments.
The only plan Labour has, without more funding, is to cut the number of apprenticeship starts in our country by 60%.
Obviously, the hon.
Member missed the figures published last week, which showed a 2.5% increase in level 2 attainment rates.
We are delivering high-quality standards with more off-the-job training and that should be welcomed across the House.
What recent assessment her Department has made of the adequacy of SEND provision.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of SEND provision.
Having undertaken a review of the special educational needs system, we published our improvement plan last year.
Provision is regularly reviewed through school and local area inspections by Ofsted and the Care Quality Commission.
We also collect and review data on education, health and care plans, including on timeliness and volumes, and on capacity in special schools, SEND units and resourced provision.
Last week, I met the chief executive of a chain of independent schools, which includes a lot of independent special schools—approximately 40% of the children there have special educational needs.