What steps her Department is taking to accelerate the roll-out of the Language for Life programme for nursery and pre-school age children.
Early language skills are vital for children to thrive.
That is why we carried out landmark early education reforms, investing up to £180 million in training, qualifications and support and providing a range of evidence-based interventions, from home learning to working with local health services.
There is growing evidence of how important it is to provide support for speech and language development in nurseries and for preschool-aged children.
Programmes such as Language for Life, which is supported by St John’s Foundation in Bath, underpin the work that schools are doing.
To demonstrate how well they are doing it, the percentage of children needing additional language support in schools that participated reduced from 84% to 29%.
I am sure the Minister will want to congratulate the schools and St John’s Foundation on the work they are doing, but will the Government prioritise speech and language programmes such as Language for Life?
What the hon.
Lady sets out sounds very encouraging and I look forward to hearing more about the Language for Life programme.
We have been very pleased with the findings of the Government-funded Nuffield Early Language Intervention, which is different, but has also focused on language development.
The NELI has been found to help children to make four months’ additional development in their oral language skills, and disadvantaged children to make seven months’ additional progress.
Will the Minister give us an update on this month’s delivery of the first phase of the free childcare entitlement, and may I urge him to ensure that we deliver phase 2 on time in September?
I am delighted to tell my right hon.
Friend and the House that the first phase of the roll-out went very well indeed.
Some 200,000 children are now benefiting from the first stage of the roll-out, which Labour Members doubted could happen—we have shown again that we have a plan while they have absolutely none.
What assessment she has made of the impact of real-terms reductions to school budgets since 2010 on school children.
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for her question, but I am afraid there is a flawed premise within it.
School funding is, at £60.7 billion, the highest it has ever been in real terms per pupil.
There has been a real-terms increase of 5.5% per pupil nationally compared with 2010-11.
I thank the Minister for his response, but what he says about the state of school funding is not the full picture, and he knows it.
Schools’ costs have increased much faster than funding.
In fact, analysis by the National Education Union shows that every single school in Nottingham East had less real-terms funding last year than 14 years ago—that is £1,266 less per pupil on average.
If the Government really cared about the future of children and young people, should they not be funding high-quality education instead of whipping up culture wars?
We are funding high-quality education, and the quality of that education is seen in the results, be they the performance of 15-year-olds in mathematics, English and science, or the results of primary school children, which have improved dramatically since 2010.
On the NEU “analysis”, I am afraid that it is flawed in multiple respects: it does not include a number for the high-needs budget, which has grown so much, and ultimately it does not use real numbers for 2010.
On the subject of school budgets, will the Minister join me in welcoming the letter that I received from Malvern College in Worcestershire this week?
Not only is that independent school one of the largest employers in Worcestershire, but it contributes £28 million to the local economy, and if its 300-plus fee-paying pupils had to be educated in local schools, that would come at a huge cost to the public purse.
My hon.
Friend is exactly correct.