Indeed, the Balfour declaration set up the creation of the modern state of Israel.
As that is not communicated, there is widespread ignorance and people do not believe that Jewish people have occupied that land for so long.
Will my right hon.
Friend conduct a review of the curriculum to ensure that young people are properly educated about the history of Israel?
I appreciate what my hon.
Friend says.
History is a very important subject for many reasons.
Learning about Israel and the wider region can be covered in history, for example in the “challenges for Britain, Europe and the wider world since 1901” theme.
In general, we do not specify individual historical events in our national curriculum, with the sole exception of the holocaust, as he will know.
I thank the Minister for his positive and helpful response.
What discussions has he had with counterparts in the devolved nations, in particular in Northern Ireland, where the two different groups—the nationalists and the Unionists; the Protestants and the Catholics—have been able to develop an understanding on education?
They are able to look at each other without the suspicion that may have been there 20 or 30 years ago.
Has the Minister had a chance to talk to the devolved nations to ascertain whether introducing compulsory education on the importance of combatting antisemitism is possible, taking the Northern Ireland example as one that works?
I always value opportunities to speak to colleagues and counterparts in the devolved Administrations.
I believe that we will have another opportunity relatively soon to speak to the hon.
Gentleman’s colleagues in Northern Ireland, and I have no doubt that that will be one thing that we will wish to talk about.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
It is right that young people can recognise and denounce antisemitism and it is also right that they know something of the history of the region, including the continued expansion of illegal settlements.
But I hope the Minister agrees that right-wing rhetoric and Islamophobia also pose a threat to our young people.
What steps are being taken to ensure that both antisemitism and anti-Muslim hate are treated with equal severity, especially given some of the Islamophobic remarks that have been made by Members and former Members of his own party?
The hon.
Lady is right to call out the wickedness of Islamophobia.
There have been Islamophobic incidents in schools as well, and Tell MAMA is an important resource in that regard.
We will not tolerate anti-Muslim hatred in any form and we will seek to stamp it out whenever and wheresoever it occurs.
Ms Anum Qaisar is not here to ask the next question, but will the Minister give an answer so that I can bring in the Opposition Front Bencher?
What recent discussions she has had with her counterparts in the devolved Administrations on the potential merits of providing additional financial support to school pupils in the context of increases in the cost of living.
Ministers normally meet colleagues from the devolved Governments, as we were just discussing a moment ago.
The Education Ministers Council was due to be hosted by the Scottish Government in late 2023, but, although we have been watching our doormats, no invitation has arrived.
The UK Government are providing £108 billion over 2022-23 to 2024-25 to help with the cost of living.
I call the shadow Minister.
On the cost of living, among concerns raised by parents in response to the most recent National Parents Survey by Parentkind, the cost of school uniforms, trips and food came up the most.
Labour has a plan to cut the cost of school uniforms by limiting the number of branded items, and our free breakfast clubs in every primary school will put money back in parents’ pockets while improving attendance and attainment.
We have done the Government’s homework, and they are still failing families.