My right hon.
and learned Friend is absolutely right.
This is a policy to tickle the bellies of the left of the Labour party.
The Opposition did not think it through, and they are now going to whack families trying to get the right support for their children with special educational needs with 20% more in fees.
In 2024-25, Scottish students living away from home will be entitled to a minimum of £8,400 in student maintenance, whereas English students living outside London will only be getting a minimum of £4,767.
Given the current cost of living crisis, which is undoubtedly a factor in the withdrawal of almost 16,000 undergraduate students in England last year, will the Government commit to providing the same encouragement and reinforcement to students in England as students in Scotland enjoy?
We are trying to deliver a system that is fair not just to students, but to taxpayers, too.
That is why we are taking action to support students with the cost of living in England, including freezing tuition fees.
We have increased loans by 2.8%, and we have made sure that if someone’s family income falls by 15%, they can have their loans reassessed.
It is also important that we support people from lower income households, which is why we have made a further £10 million available, including for hardship funding, in 2023-24.
This system is fair not just to students, but to taxpayers more widely.
The Sir Robert Pattinson Academy in my constituency is a great school providing an excellent education to children.
However, it is struggling with the challenges of aged infrastructure, and an urgent bid for it to rectify the heating and wiring challenges has been refused.
An urgent meeting on Friday with officials was unproductive, not least because the data they were looking at was out of date.
Can I ask the Secretary of State to please ensure that the senior leadership team gets an urgent meeting with senior officials and that she personally ensures that this bid is looked at properly and quickly?
I will indeed do that.
My hon.
Friend has brought up this subject with me and with my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State.
There was that meeting with Mr Hardy on Friday.
I know there are two separate cases around the condition improvement fund bid and the urgent capital support bid.
We will continue to work with the school, and I will ensure that my hon.
Friend gets that high-level meeting that she asks for.
Among other cuts, the Department for Education has quietly slipped out the announcement that it is slashing funding for Now Teach, which has supported more than 1,000 people to switch careers and retrain as secondary teachers in shortage subjects such as science, maths and modern languages.
Why on earth are the Government withdrawing funding when they are missing their teacher training targets by 50% in some of these subjects, and when Now Teach has had such a brilliant track record in getting people to retrain as teachers?
First, I must say that the statistics the hon.
Lady just gave on missing recruitment targets are incorrect.
They are frequently repeated, but not right.
We do think that career changes are an important part of people coming into this noble profession, and we are continuing with our career changes programme.
We are not axing Now Teach; we are not re-procuring it, so we are not extending it again.
To put it in perspective, it is roughly about 200 to 250 people in a typical year, out of about 7,000 career changes coming into teaching.
We are reassessing the best way to attract more of them, because we want to grow the number of career changes coming into teaching and make sure that we go about it in the best and most productive way.