Many of those have already been delivered, some are work in progress and some will be in the hon.
Member’s area.
Far too many families know what a battle it can be to secure an EHCP assessment for their child, but for forces families this battle can become a recurring nightmare, as they are forced to restart the process all over again if required to move base before it completes.
It cannot be right that those who sacrifice so much for our country are so let down by the current assessment system.
How can we put this right?
Of course, we are always looking to improve the system and we do have an improvement plan in place.
I will take away the hon.
Gentleman’s specific point about people who move around from place to place, but the most important and fundamental thing is that we have increased the budget, which has now gone up to £10.5 billion—a 60% increase in the last few years.
We are also investing in building the right provision, the number of educational psychologists and the workforce.
We have a thorough plan in place and we are working to deliver it.
Parents in Portsmouth are rightly concerned that fewer than half of the primary schoolchildren in the city are achieving the expected standards in reading, writing and maths, while, under the watch of the Lib Dem-run council, waiting lists for SEND support continue to rise.
Does the Secretary of State agree that families in Portsmouth deserve better than a council that is failing children and failing families?
Yes, and that is the Conservative Government.
The Royal College of Psychiatrists has found that autistic children are 28 times more likely to think about or attempt suicide than other children.
Not getting the support they need can affect autistic children into their adult lives.
This is a matter of extreme concern, as is the fact that more than 9,500 Wirral children were persistently absent from school in 2022-23, which is double the pre-pandemic figures.
I note the Minister’s earlier comments, but what assessment have the Government made of the percentage of children in  Wirral and across England who are missing from school and who have special educational needs and disabilities?
What specific measures will the Government take to address their needs?
The hon.
Lady is right to identify the crossover between special educational needs and absence from schools.
This can sometimes result in poor outcomes, which can lead to mental health issues later.
That is why it is important that we get early help to children as quickly as possible.
We have a special educational needs and alternative provision improvement plan, and in terms of workforce, which is the most important thing on top of the places, we are training more special educational needs co-ordinators; we have changed the training for new teachers; we are making sure that we invest in a new national professional qualification to upskill teachers; and we have more educational psychologists—400 more in training—and more speech and language therapists.
There is a huge workforce element in the plan to improve our special educational needs offer.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
I welcome what Secretary State has just said about the workforce, and it is vital that we get that into place, but a week on from the publication of the Buckland review and two years on from the Education Committee’s call to bolster careers support for children with SEN, can she update us on what Ministers and the Department are doing to work with the Department for Work and Pensions to provide wider opportunities for young people with autism?
We all know that most people with learning disabilities want to work, and with the right support they can work.
The SEND code of practice is clear that all children and young people with special educational needs should be prepared for adulthood, including employment.