We are desperately short of SEN places in Shropshire.
Can the Minister reassure me that the Government are looking at Shropshire and working to provide proper provision for those children, who are being so badly let down?
Obviously, I cannot comment on that specific case, but I can tell the hon.
Lady that we are in the process of creating 60,000 more special school places; there 108 schools already open and 92 approved to open.
If her Department will make an assessment of the potential impact of sports and PE on mental resilience in young people.
It is well and widely recognised that PE and sport support children and young people’s health and general wellbeing.
The school sport and activity action plan update, published in July 2023, sets out how we will support all young people to participate in PE and sport in school.
I recently hosted an event here in Parliament with Nick Dougherty, the golfer, and the Golf Foundation to kick off their Unleash Your Drive programme, an amazing initiative providing young people with the life skills they need to survive in the modern world, including mental resilience.
The scheme has been rolled out to over 500 schools since September last year, with fantastic results.
Will the Minister meet me and the Golf Foundation to discuss this success and how we can encourage more schools to teach mental toughness skills through sport, as part of the school sport and activity action plan?
I know about the good work of the Golf Foundation, under the leadership of Brendon Pyle.
I would be very happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss its work, specifically the Unleash Your Drive programme.
Sport, PE and outdoor education have a huge impact on building resilience among young people, helping them to gain a love of learning as well as the outdoors, which can be great for them for their whole lives.
Does the Minister agree that it is a great shame that just the other week the Welsh Senedd voted down by a single vote the Bill proposed by his colleague and my friend Sam Rowlands which would have made outdoor education an experience that every young person in Wales could access?
Will the Minister go one further and back my equivalent Outdoor Education Bill, which will receive its Second Reading on  21 June , so that this place ensures that every young person in primary and secondary schools has the ability to access an outdoor education experience for free?
The hon.
Gentleman has been entirely consistent for some time in talking about the importance of outdoor education, about which I am happy to agree.
I am not sure it is always necessarily a case for law, but it is certainly important for young people to get outdoors, to be in touch with nature and to see the countryside, as well as running around enjoying PE and sporting activities.
What steps she is taking to support education on Israel and antisemitism in secondary schools.
I have been horrified and appalled to see the rise in antisemitism in education since  7 October .
It is unacceptable and it cannot be tolerated.
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State has written to all schools and colleges reminding them of their duties under Prevent, and we are investing £7 million to help tackle antisemitism across education.
My right hon.
Friend is clearly right that the rise of antisemitism in schools—or anywhere—is absolutely unacceptable.
One of the causes is the failure of schools to teach children about the history of Israel and the fact that Jewish people have occupied Israel for over 3,000 years.
Indeed, the Balfour declaration set up the creation of the modern state of Israel.
As that is not communicated, there is widespread ignorance and people do not believe that Jewish people have occupied that land for so long.
Will my right hon.