We acknowledge that Israel has an absolute right to self-defence, and we hope that Hamas will recognise that the path to peace lies in laying down their arms and releasing the hostages.
My understanding is that the British Government do not support the ground offensive by the Israeli military in Rafah.
Will they therefore use all the leverage at their disposal, including withdrawing arms export licences, if the Israeli Government act against British policy?
We have one of the world’s toughest arms export regimes, of which we should be very proud.
On the middle east, it is a decade since this House voted to support the UK’s joining the global coalition against Daesh.
Although territory has been liberated, does not the recent strike by the RAF against a rocket launcher being used to target coalition forces underline the need for a sustained, long-term commitment to defeat and destroy terrorism?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right about that, and we should be grateful for the role played by the RAF.
It is a reminder that the price of peace is eternal vigilance.
I thank the Minister for his responses.
I very much welcome the Prime Minister’s announcement last week about the extra defence spending.
It is important that we support innocent victims who cannot protect themselves.
The UK’s role in the middle east is much appreciated, acclaimed and respected.
Does the Minister agree that in response to recent increased Iranian threats, for instance with the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps being responsible for Hamas terrorist attacks across Gaza and the broader middle east, we must do whatever we can within our budget to encourage de-escalation and to try to prevent further attacks by Iran and its supporters?
I agree with the hon.
Gentleman; he rightly says that putting in 2.5% of GDP by 2030 will provide that boost and ensure that we have the operational capability to achieve that global response that we need to keep our country safe.
We talk about 500 trucks a day because that was the pre-war number, but that was when Gaza had a relatively functioning economy and an agricultural sector to back it up.
Therefore, more than 400 trucks will be needed, by land and sea, and so I thank the armed forces for their help in delivering aid and in helping to build the pier.
What pressure are we putting on Israel to get more aid quickly delivered by land, which is the best and quickest way of doing it, and on the use of UNRWA in northern Gaza, as it has the most effective system to get aid to the right places quickly?
My hon.
Friend is correct: we do need to increase that flow.
What would be a game changer is opening the port of Ashdod, and we continue to make that point forcefully to our colleagues.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that His Majesty’s armed forces could be providing any humanitarian support, now or in the future, only with Israel’s total co-operation and that it should be recognised for that?
Has he noted also that Israel’s Iron Dome and Arrow 3 defensive systems, among other things, would, in effect, be part of the protection of His Majesty’s and other allied forces?
Does he agree that that makes even more nonsense of the anti-Israel interests’ call for an arms embargo against Israel, because if allied forces, including His Majesty’s forces, were to be acting in the region, they would be looking for support from Israel itself?
My right hon.
and learned Friend makes a very good point.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs if he will make a statement on the introduction of checks on goods entering the UK under the border target operating model due to be live on  30 April 2024 .