The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps she is taking to improve support for children with special educational needs and disabilities.
What steps she is taking to improve support for children with special educational needs and disabilities.
What steps she is taking to improve support for children with special educational needs and disabilities.
What steps she is taking to improve support for children with special educational needs and disabilities.
What steps she is taking to improve support for children with special educational needs and disabilities.
We will all know somebody with special educational needs or disabilities and understand how vital it is to get a child with special educational needs or disabilities the right support early on.
In recent years, we have seen a massive increase in special educational needs in our country, which is why we have expanded funding to a record level—at £10.5 billion, up by 60% in the last five years—and why we are reforming the system to deal with the increase in demand, including the biggest investment in building special educational needs school places in our country’s history.
Children in Lewisham are waiting on average two and a half years to get an autism diagnosis.
This is wrong and unacceptable.
It is also a national issue, but it is made worse by a shortage of clinical staff.
The Government are failing to recognise the seriousness of the shortage of educational psychologists.
Can the Secretary of State tell me why they have failed and what is being done to recruit more educational psychologists as well as to tackle education, health and care plan waiting times?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her question.
Around half of new EHCPs were issued within the statutory time limit of 20 weeks, and some local authorities are delivering over 90%, but of course we recognise that the system is under pressure, post both the pandemic and the massive rise in demand for special educational needs support.
That is why we have increased the budget and put an improvement plan in place.
With regard to her question about educational psychologists, we are training 400 more, which is a big increase.
I have a constituent—it could be many of the constituents who come to me—who has a child with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, autism and other severe learning difficulties.
She had to  wait an awful long time for an EHCP for her child and, in the end, the plan listed the very school that says it cannot cope with the needs of the child.
This happens routinely—a school that says it cannot cope is still listed on the EHCP.
What is the Secretary of State doing to ensure that councils and other people who do the EHCP are not just ignoring what the school says and are actually putting down the schools that can cope with the needs?
My constituent’s child now has only one hour a week of education.
That is surely not good enough.
We need to do all we can to support children with special educational needs; they are vulnerable and need the support as early as possible.
We have programmes in place to support local authorities, but the biggest thing that we are doing is increasing the number of special educational needs school places.
This will be the largest increase in a generation—60,000 more school places—and it is in stark contrast to when Labour was last in power, when the number of places reduced by 4,000.
That is something we are very focused on doing.
Many of those have already been delivered, some are work in progress and some will be in the hon.
Member’s area.
Far too many families know what a battle it can be to secure an EHCP assessment for their child, but for forces families this battle can become a recurring nightmare, as they are forced to restart the process all over again if required to move base before it completes.