Provision is regularly reviewed through school and local area inspections by Ofsted and the Care Quality Commission.
We also collect and review data on education, health and care plans, including on timeliness and volumes, and on capacity in special schools, SEND units and resourced provision.
Last week, I met the chief executive of a chain of independent schools, which includes a lot of independent special schools—approximately 40% of the children there have special educational needs.
She was concerned about any proposal to put VAT on school fees—she feels all this will do is put up school fees and a lot of parents who are just about managing to send their kids to independent special schools will take them out, putting more pressure on the state education SEND system.
Does the Minister share my concern that, although people may think that this policy is smart politics, it  may be people with special educational needs, including those on low incomes households, who pay the price for this short-sighted policy proposal?
My hon.
Friend is a great champion of children with SEN and he is absolutely right.
Labour’s ideological obsession with private schools means that it will even charge children in an independent special school 20% VAT for their needs.
That will make it harder for those families to afford the provision they need and drive up demand for places in state special schools.
It is just another example of the mess Labour would make of our education system.
The inequality in the funding formula is driving inequality for children with SEN.
In York, we are seeing not only the lack of placements that are needed, but staff being laid off because of an inadequacy of funding.
We know that the number of children with SEND is growing exponentially in York, so will the Minister not only review the funding formula to ensure that it is fair, but give local authorities the power and provision to provide for the future needs of our city?
York is in our safety valve programme to provide support with the financial challenges it has.
It has seen a 27% increase in per-head funding in the last three financial years.
We review the funding formula every year.
The biggest complaint people have is the historic factor, which is difficult to reduce quickly because there are children receiving that provision at the moment.
Wyre Forest School, a special school in Kidderminster, has been doing a fantastic job for a number of years, but it has been running way past its maximum capacity for some time.
There was potential for relief when its next-door neighbour, Baxter College, secured funding from a generous grant from the school rebuilding programme for a mutually beneficial rebuilding to expand capacity on both sides.
However, with that project being in phase 3, Wyre Forest School and Baxter College may have to wait until 2032 before they can see any beneficial reliefs.
Will the Minister or the Secretary of State meet me and the heads of the two schools to discuss how we can expedite getting this rebuilding programme under way?
I would be very happy to meet my hon.
Friend.
On Saturday, I met a lady who has moved within Shropshire but into North Shropshire, and it took 10 weeks for her year 9 son with SEN to be placed in a school.
It is one without any one-to-one support, which is a big downgrade on his previous situation.
His parents reported to me that all he has received from the school is detention for not completing his work fast enough.
We are desperately short of SEN places in Shropshire.
Can the Minister reassure me that the Government are looking at Shropshire and working to provide proper provision for those children, who are being so badly let down?
Obviously, I cannot comment on that specific case, but I can tell the hon.