I am pleased that the Government have taken steps to criminalise the creation of such images, but how is the Secretary of State working with Cabinet colleagues to put pressure on internet companies to take the radical action necessary to remove such images, which can have such an impact on girls’ education?
The hon.
Member is of course right that the lead is taken by a different Department, but we are very conscious of the pressures, including from social media, in relation to pornography, deepfake and nudification, as she rightly identifies, and we are working right across Government to make sure those pressures can be eased.
Bearing out feedback from my two excellent local Conservative councils, a recent report from the organisation London Councils highlights a 4.3% drop in the number of pupils in schools in Hillingdon.
At a time of falling numbers on rolls in outer London, will my hon.
Friend commit to work with our schools and local authorities to promote the opportunities for more inclusion for SEND pupils in mainstream schools?
My hon.
Friend makes two important points.
There was a 6% decline in the number of nought to four-year-olds between 2015 and 2021, and we are providing £242 million in this financial year to support schools with managing that.
He is also right that although some children will always need a special school place to have their needs met, many can have their needs met in a mainstream school.
Through our SEND and alternative provision improvement plan, we are making sure that schools are inclusive and make that happen.
The Secretary of State described special educational needs as “lose, lose, lose” when she was describing the process of parents appealing the judgments of education, health and care plans, which, as I said earlier, often lists a school that is inadequate.
How does she expect parents to get the right school if they are not to appeal, and who has broken the system in the last 14 years?
It was not like that before.
I was actually referring to the fact that parents did not feel they were receiving the best service from the system, the schools did not feel they were giving the best service and the Government felt they were spending a lot more, which is why it was very important that we got a grip and fixed the system.
Of course, we know that there has been a massive increase in demand over the last few years—not even 14 years—so we have had to put in place the special educational needs and alternative provision improvement plan, which is very thorough.
I believe that the result of that plan will be: win, win, win.
What steps is the Department taking to make apprenticeships in building trades more attractive to young people, and especially to women and girls?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question, and for all of his work on this area.
I know that he has been integral to the “I am a Housebuilder” campaign to encourage more women into the building sector.
Our apprenticeship diversity champions network is supporting gender representation among employers, and it is good news that STEM starts continue to increase year on year—up 7.5% in the last year—but there is more to do, and I look forward to working closely with him on the issue.
The Cass review has established that social transitioning is not a neutral act, and that it introduces significant risk of harm.
Does the Secretary of State agree with me that when a new First Minister emerges in Scotland, they should commit to factual, science-based education in schools and implement the Cass review findings in full, so they do not suffer the same fate as their predecessor?
I would encourage our friends and colleagues in the Scottish Government, whoever they may be at the time, to pay close attention to Hilary Cass’s report.