HONORING TROY A. MILLER'S SERVICE TO THE U.S. CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION AND THE NATION Mr. GREEN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor an individual whose dedication and sacrifice have helped to secure our Nation. I would like to recognize Troy A. Miller, a remarkable individual whose 31 years of service to this country have culminated in his final role leading U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) as the Senior Official Performing the Duties of the Commissioner. In this position, he directed CBP's 65,000 employees in executing its three core missions of counterterrorism, border security, and trade enforcement, while facilitating $4 trillion in trade and facilitating travel of over 410 million people through ports of entry. As he prepares to retire, I rise to recognize a career defined by integrity, selflessness, and an unwavering commitment to public service. Every time he was asked to fill a critical leadership role, he quickly answered the call and served with distinction. I also want to extend my appreciation to his family who have supported him throughout his incredible career. I offer my sincere thanks to his wife, Jennifer, and his daughter, Alexandria. Troy led CBP, the Nation's largest law enforcement agency, through a myriad of challenges, to include the COVID-19 pandemic, surges of migration along the Nation's borders, and hurricane relief efforts. Among his many notable achievements, Troy confronted the scourge of fentanyl by evolving CBP to not only match but surpass the sophistication and persistence of the criminal organizations responsible for trafficking this lethal drug across our borders and into our communities. His efforts brought together coordinated intelligence and special enforcement operations to find and intercept fentanyl wherever it attempted to infiltrate our borders--whether in cargo, among travelers, or through small packages. Furthermore, he extended these efforts beyond our borders, taking the fight to local cartel leaders and dismantling the foreign supply chains responsible for aiding the proliferation of this criminal activity. Troy also made his mark as a true champion of the dedicated CBP workforce. He was not only a fierce advocate for the agency's technology, infrastructure, and resource needs, but also a driving force in fostering a culture that prioritized the health and well-being