The first was touched on by the SNP spokesperson,  the hon.
Member for North Ayrshire and Arran (Patricia Gibson) : the use of baby loss certificates for babies who are born before 24 weeks, who currently cannot be registered.
We announced in July that we would be rolling out baby loss certificates.
They will be retrospective.
There is no time limit on applying for them.
They will be voluntary, so parents do not have to apply for one if they do not feel that they wish to.
We are going through service user testing with families to ensure that the system we set up works for them.
Following testing, there has been some service specification that we need to improve to ensure that the process runs smoothly.
It will be run on the gov.uk website.
Once we have those safeguards in place for both parents to be able to register on a certificate, we will announce the roll-out date formally to this place.
It is important that parents who want to acknowledge the loss of their baby before 24 weeks are able to do so.
We also looked at the sensitive disposal of a baby after pregnancy loss, many instances of which happen at home rather than in hospital or clinical settings.
It is important that women have access to proper collection facilities, so we have taken on board the recommendation on creating a bespoke receptacle to ensure that foetal remains can be collected and stored with due dignity.
To do that we have been engaging with charities, women and healthcare professionals and we aim to finalise a specification by February.
We are also working with the Human Tissue Authority to review and update its guidelines by March next year.
NHS England is also consulting on a clear pathway to ensure that women can always have access to cold storage in NHS facilities, too.
We have also heard from women about the difficulty they often experience in getting help during a miscarriage.
In partnership with NHS England, we are exploring how 111 and ambulance services can block-book appointments with early pregnancy assessment units, so that women in need can be directed straight to them if necessary; rather than going to A&E or other healthcare professionals, they can go straight to those units, where care can be provided with dignity and privacy.
The review also proposes introducing graded care for women who suffer one, two or more miscarriages; the shadow Minister touched on that issue.
We have taken on board those recommendations because currently, women have to suffer three miscarriages often before they get help.
Tommy’s miscarriage centre at the women’s hospital in Birmingham has launched a three-month pilot of that graded model, so that after one miscarriage assessments can be delivered.
I have been to the unit to see the amazing work it does and I am looking forward to its results.
It will look at that graded model and be able to present to us the difference that that will make to women experiencing baby loss.
That will help to prevent further pregnancy losses in future.
Another recommendation made by the pregnancy loss review concerns the fact that families are often forced to grieve in public spaces.
I want to be clear about this.
Very often, the pregnancy facilities are inadequate.
My hon.
Friend the Member for Truro and Falmouth talked about the Daisy centre that is available in her area; it was not available when she tragically had to go through her experience.
In many places, clinics, units and buildings are not able to meet women’s needs.
Therefore, NHS England is surveying pregnancy facilities and will report back by the spring to ensure we can invest in those facilities to improve the outcome and experience for women and their families.
We also need to improve bereavement support for both women and their families.
That is another key area we are looking at.