No one should underestimate the critical role of recycling, but, as I am told by the Green Alliance, it is critical that it is economically viable for the industry, which is worried about the increased costs of waste separation in the Government’s proposals.
I accept what the Minister said, but will she confirm whether her Department’s upcoming simpler recycling proposals  will retain commitments for recycling to be separated  at home?
Details of the simpler recycling system will be announced shortly, but I can tell the House that it will mean that all local authorities will collect the same materials.
Of course, as we have always said, food waste will have to be collected separately.
It will also be flexible.
This has all been discussed with local authorities.
What steps she is taking to support a healthy and sustainable food system.
The Government’s food strategy set out longer-term measures to support a resilient, healthier and more sustainable food and farming system.
In May, the Prime Minister’s farm to fork summit built on that with a focus on how we can work together to support a thriving UK food and farming industry.
The summit focused on innovation, skills and labour, and on rolling out the new farming schemes to ensure fairness across the supply chain to boost exports and support energy and water security, as well as to reduce red tape.
Every year, post-farm gate, 9.5 million tonnes of food that could have provided more than 15 billion perfectly edible meals is wasted.
That also has a massive carbon footprint.
Given that DEFRA’s impact assessment concluded that mandatory food waste reporting would result in
“financial benefits to business and significant environmental benefits”
and is backed by many retailers, including Tesco, why have the Government dropped their plans?
We are working closely with retailers to try to reduce food waste and will continue to do that.
The hon.
Member will recognise that a vast amount of food waste occurs within the domestic home, and we can do more to help and support consumers to make the most of the food they purchase.
We will continue to work with primary producers, retailers and consumers to reduce food waste wherever we can.
Sustainability is top of our agenda in the New Forest, and the national park authority is keen to discuss opportunities for it with the Minister.
I have sent him an invitation—will he come?
I am excited to have an opportunity to visit the New Forest.
As soon as my diary allows, I will hot-foot it down there to meet my right hon.
Friend.
I call the shadow Minister.
To maintain that healthy, sustainable food system, farmers need a level playing field, so when  the right hon.
Member for North East Somerset (Sir Jacob Rees-Mogg)  made his recent comments about the benefits of importing hormone-injected beef, it sent a shudder through the industry.
This time last year, he was at the very top of Government, alongside the Secretary of State.
Given the Minister’s long experience in Government, can he tell us how many others at the top of his Government privately harbour that view?
The gentleman at the top of Government —the Prime Minister—has been absolutely clear and explicit that we will not accept hormone-produced beef at any point in the future, nor will we accept chlorinated chicken.
He has the backing and support of British farmers, and he will do everything he can to help and support them.
What steps her Department is taking to require water companies to help reduce water pollution and unsatisfactory overflows.
I am pleased that my hon.
Friend has asked that question, because no Government in history have taken a more comprehensive approach to tackling water pollution.
This Conservative Government are delivering more investment, stronger regulation and tougher enforcement to tackle every source of water pollution.
Under our storm overflows discharge reduction plan, £60 billion is targeted at cleaning up storm sewage overflows.