That is perhaps why it has chosen to ban some news programming available on Freeview to anyone operating in the Senedd.
Further business may be announced in the usual way, or by His Majesty the King on  7 November .
I associate myself with the words about our late colleague Sir David Amess.
I was privileged to serve with him on the all-party parliamentary group on the Holy See, of which he was a dedicated chairman.
In considering future business, may I draw the Leader of the House’s attention to the collapse of a company in my constituency, Initiative Property Management, which manages a large number of residential blocks in my constituency and more widely?
Since the collapse, many residents have seen building works on their blocks cease, and have been unable to access tens of thousands of pounds of their own money in management fees.
While the matter is now being investigated by Dorset police—and I do not invite my right hon.
Friend to comment on that—may I suggest that there may be a regulatory gap here?
It appears that management companies of this style do not fall under the regulatory framework of the Financial Conduct Authority.
I invite the Leader of the House to make Government colleagues aware of the fact, and perhaps ask them to take a look at it.
First, I thank my right hon.
Friend for all the work he is doing at what must be a very worrying time for his constituents who are affected.
He will know that the Government are currently considering the recommendations in the final report from my noble Friend Lord Best’s working group on the regulation of property agents.
Of course, the Financial Conduct Authority currently has a limited role, and although we are not seeking to expand its role, we want to ensure that it can be a more innovative, assertive and adaptive regulator.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
I associate myself with all the remarks about Sir David.
The Leader of the House has previously commented on how much she enjoys our exchanges at business questions, as do I. It is the weekly forum where I challenge her on our deep and profound differences in policies and priorities, and there will be plenty of opportunities in the next few weeks and months to tackle her on her Government’s shortcomings.
However, today, like so many people, my thoughts are with the civilian populations in Gaza and Israel.
People across all nations of the UK share this House’s revulsion and fear of what we see unfolding—revulsion at the barbarism of Hamas and fear of what the future holds for innocent children, women and men in both Gaza and Israel.
A huge  number of MPs have constituents who are worried sick about friends or relatives who are caught up in these events, and of course communities across the UK will be anxious about what we are witnessing and its potential impact.
As the House will know, Scotland’s First Minister, Humza Yousaf, and his wife and family are directly affected in the most terrible way, and my thoughts are also with them today.
The UK Government have several roles to fulfil in this crisis, and there is an urgent need for action, as we all know.
In the first instance, they must direct their efforts to the enormous humanitarian aid needs in southern Gaza—medical supplies, water, food, basic power.
Twenty trucks is a start, but there are apparently 100 standing by and they must get through.
However, they need to travel safely through, so calling for an immediate ceasefire to facilitate the provision of aid in Gaza and to give evacuees a safe passage out is vital, as is the release of all the hostages—one’s heart breaks to think of them—and the use of every possible diplomatic effort to stop an escalation into a wider regional conflict.