That amazing project has already increased wildlife so extraordinarily at the end by the Lee tunnel that there are kingfishers, otters and all kinds of other creatures there.
When the tunnel is finished, it will be the biggest single means of cleaning up the Thames that has ever been put in place.
It is this Government, through a special tool of private-public funding, who are enabling that.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Last year, this Government oversaw record levels of illegal sewage discharges into our rivers and waterways after they cut enforcement, and then they let the water bosses reward themselves for that failure with nearly £10 million in bonuses while hiking bills for consumers.
Labour believes that the polluter, and not the consumer, should pay.
Will the Government adopt Labour’s plan and give the regulator the power it needs to block water bosses’ bonuses if they keep illegally pumping toxic filth into our rivers?
I have already said that Labour has not costed its plan, which has no credibility whatsoever.
We have already changed regulation and the tools that Ofwat and the EA can use.
No dividends or bonuses can be paid out at all if there is any environmental damage, and there are more fines than ever before.
There were no fines under the Labour Government; indeed, they were taken to court by the European Commission for polluting water, and they did nothing about it.
This Government introduced the monitoring, and that is why we know what is happening and why we have the biggest criminal investigation in the history of water under way.
What steps she is taking to support fishing communities.
The Government are supporting communities by opening new fisheries for spurdog and bluefin tuna, accelerating action to protect valuable non-quota stocks through the first fisheries management plans, and protecting stocks by better controlling fly-seiners, and we have brought about increased benefit through reform of the economic link.
Off the coast of beautiful Hastings and Rye, fishermen are suffering the impact on their fishing of a growing seal colony.
Due to the nature of the fishing—small boats leave their nets in the water—sound systems to deter seals are not appropriate.
What steps is the Minister taking to ensure that the presence of seals does not result in the decimation of our fishing communities, let alone the fish?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend, who is a tenacious campaigner for her fishing community.
We are working alongside the Marine Management Organisation to assess non-lethal seal deterrent options to keep seals away from fishing catches, and we will publish an evidenced report on targeted acoustic startle technology later this year.
We are also considering the next steps, including for net fisheries, under our Clean Catch programme.
The special committee on seals provides formal scientific advice to the Government on behalf of the Natural Environment Research Council on the management of seal populations under the Conservation of Seals Act 1970 and the Marine (Scotland) Act 2010.
Its reports include seal population data based on extensive regional surveys and form the foundation for monitoring our UK marine strategy.
I wonder whether the Minister has seen the video footage that is doing the rounds of the recent incident involving the Spanish longliner Antonio Maria trying to ram the Shetland whitefish boat Defiant; in fact, it put out a rope to foul its propeller.
The footage is truly shocking, but the real scandal is that this is not the first time it has happened; it is at least the third documented incident in recent times.
This will keep happening unless something is done to stop it, so will the Minister speak to his colleagues in the Department for Transport and the Foreign Office to make sure that France, as the flag state with enforcement powers in this case, takes its responsibility seriously?
I have seen that footage.
It is truly shocking.