What assessment has my right hon.
Friend made of the abduction of young children from Ukraine to Russia?
Forced deportation of children is particularly abhorrent.
In July, the Foreign Secretary announced 40 new sanctions against Russian officials who have been involved in the forced deportation of Ukrainian children and the spreading of hate-filled propaganda.
We continue to work closely with the Ukrainians.
I am seeing Andriy Kostin in person again next week, and we remain involved at all levels, from the International Criminal Court to local prosecutions.
In the context of Russia’s aggression against Ukraine, what steps is the Attorney General taking at international judicial level to ensure the rule of law is upheld?
At the end of last month, I was honoured to appear personally before the International Court of Justice in The Hague.
I made the UK’s submissions in the case against Russia concerning the genocide convention.
It was an important moment for the international rule of law.
I fear this will be a long process, but we will pay our full part.
I thank the Attorney General for her response and understanding of our requests.
Unfortunately, one thing that is not mentioned much about Ukraine is that when east Donbas was invaded and Crimea was taken over, many Baptist pastors went missing.
They were abducted, kidnapped and killed, and nobody has been held accountable.
Will the Attorney General intervene in that situation and help to give accountability to those families who have lost loved ones?
The hon.
Gentleman always speaks so passionately, particularly on behalf of those involved in helping others with their religious beliefs, making sure that they are not persecuted around the world.
I have heard what he has said.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
The Attorney General has rightly said that international accountability for Russia’s actions in Ukraine is very important.
She will also be aware that some deep concerns have been expressed that Russia may be exploiting the very volatile and fragile situation in Israel and Palestine, with its reportedly close links with Hamas and accusations of facilitating international terrorism.
Does she share those concerns, and what efforts does she think the international community can take to counter that?
The UK has a strong track record of supporting international law, and we ask that our friends and partners do the same.
It is clear to us that all parties should abide by international law.
It was very much brought home to me in that room in The Hague that Russia and Ukraine have not been in many rooms together during the past 18 months, but a courtroom brought them to the same place, and that shows the power of international law.
What recent assessment she has made of the effectiveness of the Crown Prosecution Service in ensuring access to justice for victims of crime.
What recent assessment she has made of the effectiveness of the Crown Prosecution Service in ensuring access to justice for victims of crime.
The Government are committed to ensuring that victims are treated fairly and compassionately.
We know that joined-up working across the criminal justice system works, and we know that supporting victims makes a real difference.
That is why we are spending four times as much on victim support as was the case in 2010.
There are victims of crime in our country who have had to wait years for their cases to come to court, who have bravely given testimony to ensure that the criminals who robbed or attacked them are convicted, and who, this week, will have to watch those criminals be bailed rather than jailed, because the prisons are too full to pass sentence against them.
What message would the Attorney General like to send to those victims?
The message that I want to send to victims today is that they are very important to this Government.