Both the Secretary of State and I have visited his constituency.
There are funds available: the £25 million for natural flood  management schemes may be of interest to farmers, and the environmental land management schemes include provisions for temporary storage capacity on farms.
In the autumn, storm overflows are inevitable, and my constituents are holding their breath as they wonder whether their homes will be flooded once again.
I understand from speaking to residents that it is very unclear whom they should call when that occurs, so will the Minister look again at setting up a national flood line that can be called at any time, and ensure that it is connected to a local flood centre that will be accountable for a response from local services?
I have visited my hon.
Friend’s constituency, and I know that she has done a great deal of work on the issue of flooding.
The Environment Agency works in partnership with the Met Office to provide an online “checking for flooding” service, which is operating today to deal with Storm Babet.
Members of the public can check the flood risk, find advice and guidance on how to prepare for flooding, and sign up for warnings on the gov.uk site.
I call the shadow Minister.
I listened carefully to the Minister’s response, and I noted that she did not mention the National Infrastructure Council’s report, commissioned by the Government a year ago, which stated that an extra 190,000 homes were at risk of flooding—not because of climate change, but because of the Government’s failure to maintain existing flood defence assets.
When the Government cannot even get the basics right, how can anyone possibly trust them to have the answers to the ever-increasing flood risk that our country faces?
That is exactly the Environment Agency’s duty, and it works very hard on the asset management side of our flood assets, which are a very large proportion of our £5.2 billion fund.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of the steps taken by her Department to prevent sewage discharges.
We have gone further and faster than any Government in history to drive down sewage discharges.
Last month we published our £60 billion plan, which sets stringent targets to reduce sewage discharges.
Those targets will prioritise action at target sites.
What did Labour do?
It did nothing when it was in power.
Water companies need stable finances to make improvements.
In December 2022, Ofwat outlined concerns about the financial resilience of several water companies.
What has the Minister done to mitigate the risks, and what will she be doing in future?
The Ofwat report on sewage discharges, published in September, was extremely disappointing.
I have written to all the water companies that were highlighted as lagging, and I have written to all the  CEOs to say that I want to meet them in person.
I have also written to the CEO and chair of Ofwat to ask how they will hold these water companies to account.
This Government introduced monitoring, so we now know the state of the problem.
The water companies are now engaging and Ofwat has powers to put financial pressure on them.
Given that only 4% of sewage overflows in Scotland are monitored, does this not show that we are progressing it in the right way and that the nationalisation of water companies is not the way to go?
I agree with my hon.
Friend.
What recent assessment she has made of the impact of inflation on the affordability of food.
In September 2023, the consumer price index was at 12.2%, down from 14.8% in July.
Industry analysis expects that food price inflation will continue to decrease over the remainder of 2023.
The Government are providing an average of £3,300 per household to support them with the cost of living this year and next.