This will keep happening unless something is done to stop it, so will the Minister speak to his colleagues in the Department for Transport and the Foreign Office to make sure that France, as the flag state with enforcement powers in this case, takes its responsibility seriously?
I have seen that footage.
It is truly shocking.
This was a deliberate act to try to sabotage a UK fishing boat.
It was outrageous behaviour.
As the right hon.
Gentleman identifies, enforcement is difficult, because the incident involved a Spanish boat under a French flag, but given the seriousness of the event I will most certainly raise it with my ministerial colleagues.
What steps her Department is taking to support community farming projects.
We welcome community farms in England, because they give local communities a chance to become involved in the countryside.
Like any other farm, they may be eligible for a variety of grants enabling smaller farms to be supported more fairly.
We have introduced a sustainable farming incentive management payment, and we have also extended the farming in protected landscapes fund until March 2025.
The fund is open to farmers in national parks and areas of outstanding natural beauty, allowing them to deliver projects to support nature, climate, people and places.
Figures from a social return on investment study show that every £1 invested in a community farm is worth £9 of community benefits through food production, new skills and community resources.
In my constituency, for instance, Lauriston Farm is investing in a community orchard and gardens, outdoor learning and a community kitchen to help people pick up new skills and produce affordable food.
Does the Minister agree that in a cost of living crisis it is critically important for people to have access to such facilities, and that more needs to be done to help small community projects to maximise their potential?
I pay tribute to those who are involved in that community project.
As the hon.
Lady will know, agriculture is devolved to the Scottish Government, and I hope they will use some of the £620 million a year that they are given to support Scottish farmers.
I am sure she will be a tenacious campaigner in holding the SNP Government to account.
What steps her Department is taking to protect rural communities in flood-risk areas.
What steps her Department is taking to protect rural communities in flood-risk areas.
The Government’s six-year £5.2 billion flood investment programme benefits both urban and rural communities.
Approximately 40% of schemes and 45% of investments are being directed at rural communities, which have benefited from our frequently flooded fund, our natural flood management fund and our flood and coastal innovation programmes.
The Minister has visited Shrewsbury a number of times at my invitation, and has heard at first hand from the River Severn Partnership, which is trying to find a holistic solution to the problems of managing Britain’s longest river rather than just creating flood barriers which push the problem downstream.
When can give us more information and an update on the resources being afforded to the partnership to support landowners and others who can be part of that solution?
I thank my hon.
Friend for the great work that he does with the partnership.
Both the Secretary of State and I have visited his constituency.
There are funds available: the £25 million for natural flood  management schemes may be of interest to farmers, and the environmental land management schemes include provisions for temporary storage capacity on farms.
In the autumn, storm overflows are inevitable, and my constituents are holding their breath as they wonder whether their homes will be flooded once again.