I thank the hon.
Gentleman for a helpful advert for future potential business for his Committee.
We have had conversations about this matter before, and I am keen to ensure that the Committee is re-established quickly so that it can get on with its important work.
He raises an important point, with which I agree, that it is important that things have a proper masterplan, so I will write to make sure that the Secretaries of State for Transport and for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities have heard what he has said today.
The hon.
Gentleman will know that in cases where people are unable to return because they cannot afford to get out of a situation, there are schemes in place, run by the Foreign Office, under which people may be loaned finance.
Many insurance products will not cover terrorist events, so I will make sure that the relevant Department has heard his concerns on that front.
My right hon.
Friend the Leader of the House will be aware that in Lancashire we have secured £2 billion at least for a brand-new hospital to replace the much-loved but ageing Royal Preston, which has cold, dark corridors and a flat roof that can occasionally leak.
With a number of sites in South Ribble under consideration, it is down to the wonderful Lancashire Teaching Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust, Lancashire County Council and local borough authorities to get on with that site selection.
I hope, like me, that she would love to see them get on with that.
With Chorley hospital’s future secured as one of only eight elective surgical hubs in the country, does my right hon.
Friend agree that this Government are committed to delivering a once-in-a-generation investment in healthcare in South Ribble?
Can we have a debate in Government time about the importance of these investments for local communities?
First, I congratulate my hon.
Friend and thank her for all the work she has done to secure the £2 billion-worth of funding for her hospital, and also for managing to secure one of those critical elective hubs.
That is an achievement of which she should be proud.
She is right that we are committed to the biggest programme in a generation of hospital building.
We are also prioritising the delivery of 160 community diagnostic centres, which are so important to ensuring that people are getting healthcare in a timely way.
I am sure if she wanted to apply for a debate on those topics, it would be well attended.
The Warburton toll bridge is a vital route, linking Greater Manchester and Cheshire across the Manchester ship  canal.
A recent consultation of local communities on a proposed eightfold increase to the toll charge was met with unanimous opposition, including from Partington and Carrington in my constituency.
Despite that, the Secretary of State for Transport has approved the associated transport and works order.
Can we have a debate in Government time on the steps that should be available to Members to challenge such decisions and, importantly, how we can strengthen the voice of local communities, such as Partington and Carrington, to ensure they are heard fully in decisions of this nature in the future?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for raising this important matter.
He will know that I will not be able to comment on particular schemes, but I will make sure that the Secretary of State for Transport has heard about that scheme.
It is important that local voices are listened to when such matters are put in place.
I question the relationship between the works order that the Secretary of State has signed and the fee, but I will certainly look into this matter for the hon.
Gentleman.
If he would like to give me some further information, I will be happy to write on his behalf.
I wonder whether we could have a debate in Government time about Liberal Democrat councils—something we could spend hours on.