The BBC does focus on these things to a very large degree, but we know that sometimes it does not get things right, as we saw recently with its code of conduct surrounding the Gary Lineker situation.
I am sure that it will want to kick the tyres on this and ensure that anyone listening to a BBC outlet is being given the best possible information.
On behalf of the Liberal Democrats, I echo what has been said this morning about the terrible conflict in Israel and Palestine and repeat what my hon.
Friend  the Member for Oxford West and Abingdon (Layla Moran)  said: peace is now more difficult than war, so the global community has to come together and press for peace.
Many of my constituents have written to me in dismay about seasonal variations in train fares.
For example, during recess, Great Western was charging £46 for a peak return from Bath to London on  17 November .
For the same journey on  30 November , the cost has shot up to £94—more than double.
May we have a statement from the rail Minister on why such large variations in prices are allowed and what the Government can do to make train prices more transparent?
The hon.
Lady raises a concerning matter that will make life difficult for her constituents, who are trying to budget and anticipate their outgoings.
I will certainly ensure that the Transport Secretary has heard her concerns, and I will ask that his Department advise her on what action she can take.
The Grimsby Telegraph is carrying a report of a local man who, for the last 25 years, has been collecting fly-tipped rubbish from various sites around the town.
After 25 years, he has now been told that he needs a licence to take the rubbish to the tip.
That is just one example of so many petty regulations that discourage community-minded people from assisting in the local area.
Could we have a debate so that Members from across the House can identify those petty regulations and sweep them away?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that point and for affording us the opportunity to thank his constituent, who appears to be providing a much-needed community service that his local authority is not.
We want people who want to step up, take responsibility and help their communities to be able to do so.
He is right to call out ridiculous behaviour that prevents that from happening.
I am sure there are other examples and, if he were to have a debate, we could expose some of them.
Could we please have a statement from the Paymaster General in the light of Sir Brian Langstaff moving his final report on the infected blood inquiry to next March, due to the number of individuals and organisations that will be criticised in it, and in the light of the fact that the Government have rightly given £600,000 in compensation to the victims of the Horizon scandal without waiting for the final report?
It would be very timely to have a report because we know that the Government were working to the November deadline.
We keep being told that work is “at pace”, so it should be ready for next month in any event.
I thank the right hon.
Lady for raising this matter and for all her work through the all-party parliamentary group on haemophilia and contaminated blood, which she has chaired for many years.
It is not lost on anyone that those individuals have waited far too long for redress in this appalling situation.
I know that the Paymaster General feels that way, too, and I will ensure that he has heard her request for him to update the House.
At its conference this weekend, an SNP MP said he was “sick and tired” of Scottish Conservatives speaking in Parliament about the A9.