I know that this matter is devolved, but as the Minister is a farmer will he put the maximum encouragement in the direction of the Scottish Government to please help the farmers?
The hon.
Gentleman has done that with his question.
I do not diminish the effect that the rain is having on the seed potato crop; once seed potato is under water for more than a week it will probably be destroyed.
Scottish seed potatoes are some of the finest  seed produced anywhere in the world and I encourage him to seek contact with the Scottish Government to get them to help.
Kirklees Council is looking to invest in its food waste recycling strategy, in line with the Environment Act 2021, but it is still waiting for full clarification and details that support that legislation.
Will the Minister advise as to when that will be sent to councils?
That clarification will be coming very soon and within it the new simpler recycling approach will include mandatory collection of food waste.
Publicly owned Scottish Water has invested £668 million since 2010 in improvements and committed another half a billion pounds between 2021 and 2027.
That is why Scottish Water has had its product—the waters around Scotland—classified as being in “good ecological condition”.
Why do English bill payers pay the most and get the mankiest water?
The hon.
Gentleman is wrong about that.
There is a lot of chatter about water; we should never undermine the cleanliness of the drinking water that people enjoy.
The interministerial group is working on different ways of measuring ecological status across the United Kingdom and we are looking to see what we might do about that.
We made the change in 2016, which other parts of the United Kingdom did not, and we continue to work together as responsible Governments.
I remind the hon.
Gentleman, only 4% of storm overflows in Scotland are monitored—they would be better off getting on with that.
What recent assessment she has made of the adequacy of the Crown Prosecution Service’s written responses to complaints.
Although progress has been made, the CPS acknowledges that there is more to do to ensure that every complaint gets a high-quality response in a timely manner.
I will be discussing this very issue with the Director of Public Prosecutions at our next meeting.
I am sure the Solicitor General will be aware that the CPS Inspectorate recently conducted an investigation into the response to complaints from victims of crime.
It found that almost half were below standard and only a third were “adequate”.
Do victims of crime not deserve better?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for her serious and important question.
It is of the utmost importance that victims are well supported by all parts of the justice system.
Improvements need to be made.
It might be worth pointing out that in the Inspectorate’s report, the complainants were looked at, from victims, defendants, witnesses, the police and others.
There is clearly some way to go, but the CPS has accepted each and every one of the recommendations.
What recent steps she has taken to establish international accountability for Russia’s actions against Ukraine; and if she will make a statement.
What recent steps she has taken to establish international accountability for Russia’s actions against Ukraine.
We are supporting my counterpart in Ukraine, Andriy Kostin, and Ukraine’s judiciary with an ongoing package of practical assistance.
They have opened over 100,000 files into alleged Russian war crimes.
There is a growing body of evidence that serious crimes have been committed.
Together, we will ensure that allegations of war crimes are investigated robustly and independently.
While the House is naturally focused on what has happened in the middle east and the Hamas attack against Israel, the war in Ukraine continues.
What assessment has my right hon.
Friend made of the abduction of young children from Ukraine to Russia?
Forced deportation of children is particularly abhorrent.