We can all make judgments based on facts, promote those facts and debunk deliberate disinformation campaigns, keep informed and wide-eyed about the realities of the situation, and reassure communities here in the UK.
On behalf of all colleagues, I thank the armed forces, the Royal Fleet Auxiliary, our diplomats and humanitarian experts, and the police for all that they are doing to protect and secure people’s safety in the middle east and at home.
I join the hon.
Lady in saying that all of us in this place are united against hate.
She will know that the Prime Minister and Foreign Secretary are currently in the region, and I am sure that they will want to update the House.
I am sure that many colleagues will want up-to-date information, particularly about some of the situations that have happened in Gaza and the facts behind those situations.
As such, I can also tell the hon.
Lady that my office has been in touch with the House of Commons Library to ensure that what information is available is given in a timely way to Members of the House.
The hon.
Lady criticises me very robustly about my role as this House’s representative in Government.
I hope to be able to reassure the House of my record on that front.
First, I hope that Mr Speaker would support me in saying that I have always followed up any criticism that this House has made of any Government Department —more, I think, than anyone else who has held the role.
My noble friend Lord True and I have also introduced training programmes for Government Departments to ensure that they know what their obligations to this House are.
Her complaint against me might have had more effect had the letter she wrote to me complaining about this issue not been received by myself only after it had been briefed to the Daily Mirror, which is where I found out about it.
I did cheer our announcement on net zero, unlike the Labour party, whose path to net zero would include immense burdens on working people.
We have chosen a different path to alleviate that burden.
The hon.
Lady invites me to contrast our parties’ records on infrastructure, and particularly rail.
I remind her that in the 13 years we have been in power, we have electrified 1,220 miles of track.
In the same time period, Labour managed just 70 miles.
I am not going to apologise for standing up and fighting for this country; even prior to taking this role, I think my record has been one of standing up and fighting for this House.
Hon.
Members will know that, in the first year of the pandemic, I spent every single day on the phone, to all Members of this House, in my role as Paymaster General, updating them on what was happening.
I take my responsibilities to this House very seriously indeed.
I will always stand up and fight for this House and for my country.
I will not be lying down with Just Stop Oil and damaging our energy security.
I will not be potentially lying down with the Liberal Democrats—I note the hon.
Lady’s encouraging words about proportional representation.
I will not be lying down with the SNP, which  the hon.
Member for Edinburgh North and Leith (Deidre Brock)  will be pleased to hear, and contemplating assisting that party on a second referendum.
Those are the facts, and I can understand why Labour does not like them.
That is perhaps why it has chosen to ban some news programming available on Freeview to anyone operating in the Senedd.
Further business may be announced in the usual way, or by His Majesty the King on  7 November .
I associate myself with the words about our late colleague Sir David Amess.