And of course, we have had the great northern train robbery, denied for weeks and finally announced at Conservative party conference.
Despite MPs having spent 1,300 hours of legislative time on High Speed 2 Bills, we have had no say on it.
Only this Prime Minister could cancel major rail infrastructure to Manchester while in Manchester.
This shoddy back-of-the-fag-packet new transport plan, affecting many constituencies, has not withstood exposure to reality.
Most of the “new” schemes were already announced, previously cancelled or completed years ago.
Others are simply illustrative.
Euston station remains a pipe dream, and Network North now reaches Cornwall.
It turns out that spreadsheet guy cannot even read a spreadsheet.
It is not so much a relaunch as a crash landing—in a private jet, of course.
The contempt that this Government have for Parliament is a disgrace, and we have a Leader of the House who claps along.
Parliament needs answers.
What will now happen to the HS2 hybrid Bill, which is necessary to deliver the central section of Northern Powerhouse Rail and safeguard the land for it?
When and how was the decision to scrap it made?
The Secretary of State for Transport is under the illusion that he made it the day before—pull the other one!—yet the video shared from their party conference was clearly made days earlier in Downing Street.
When was this taken, and should a party conference video be made in Downing Street at all?
There is another pattern here.
Conservative HQ has released videos of Conservative Members and a Cabinet Minister announcing Government projects.
Can the Leader of the House assure us that Conservative Members are not being given advance notice of Government announcements, and if they are, will she confirm that this breaches the ministerial code?
Finally, I want to congratulate the Leader of the House on achieving meme status for her conference speech.
It was—how can I put this?—a call to arms to stand up and fight.
Well, it certainly involved lots of arms, anyway.
So why does she not stand up and fight for Parliament; stand up and fight for Members to hear Government policies first, or for colleagues not to be hoodwinked when big decisions are taken?
Why does she not stand up and fight for trust to be restored in politics?
The truth is that she is more interested in standing up and fighting for her own leadership ambitions.
As a fan of boats, she should know that a new captain is not saving this sinking ship.
It is time for them all to get off.
First, I thank the hon.
Lady and join her in remembering our late colleague, Sir David Amess.
His legacy lives on, not just in city status for Southend; the many charities and projects that he fostered are going from strength to strength, and they are a daily reminder of the work he did and the effect and impact he had.
I add my voice to those of many in this Chamber who have expressed their horror, sadness and sympathy with all those caught up in the situation in Israel and Gaza.
My thoughts are particularly with those who have lost loved ones in the most barbaric terrorist attack, and with those taken hostage and their families who await news of them.
At times like these, we in this place may feel that we cannot directly help, but we all can.
We can all make judgments based on facts, promote those facts and debunk deliberate disinformation campaigns, keep informed and wide-eyed about the realities of the situation, and reassure communities here in the UK.
On behalf of all colleagues, I thank the armed forces, the Royal Fleet Auxiliary, our diplomats and humanitarian experts, and the police for all that they are doing to protect and secure people’s safety in the middle east and at home.
I join the hon.