In the first instance, they must direct their efforts to the enormous humanitarian aid needs in southern Gaza—medical supplies, water, food, basic power.
Twenty trucks is a start, but there are apparently 100 standing by and they must get through.
However, they need to travel safely through, so calling for an immediate ceasefire to facilitate the provision of aid in Gaza and to give evacuees a safe passage out is vital, as is the release of all the hostages—one’s heart breaks to think of them—and the use of every possible diplomatic effort to stop an escalation into a wider regional conflict.
The Government should join First Minister Humza Yousaf in calling for a worldwide refugee scheme similar to that established for Syrian, Afghan and Ukrainian refugees.
In the longer term, they should use all their powers to keep the two-state solution alive and keep a dialogue for peace open.
They must rise to many challenges, and we wish the Prime Minister well in his endeavours today.
Will the Leader of the House confirm that he will deliver a statement about the outcome on his return?
Of course, we will return to the business of scrutinising the Government’s actions in the usual way when politics returns to some sort of normality, hopefully very soon.
I thank the hon.
Lady for dwelling on that particular matter, because I think that is the prime concern for all Members of the House this weekend.
I join her, as I am sure all colleagues will want to, in her sentiments about the plight of the First Minister’s family and in wishing that that has a good outcome.
The hon.
Lady will know that additional humanitarian support is being provided by the Government to the region, which is built on many years of providing support.
We are one of the major contributors to the United Nations Relief and Works Agency, and we have done a huge amount of work in Lebanon to support the refugee programmes there.
So we bring not just the financial offer, but decades of expertise in working in the region and with our networks.
Of course we want hostilities to end, but I would just say to the hon.
Lady that we are dealing with a terrorist organisation, and negotiating ceasefires with terrorist organisations is a very difficult thing to do.
The hon.
Lady is right to highlight the plight of hostages, and one way we can all help is by keeping a focus on those individuals and their families in the coming days—I hope not weeks—and on their return.
This is another area where the UK has a lot of expertise to offer.
Israel will not have had a lot of expertise in hostage negotiation.
Not just the Government but our non-governmental organisations have huge experience of working with organisations such as the International Committee of the Red Cross and interlocutors in trying to get hostages extracted.
I know that all we can do to help will be on offer.
She is also right to point to the fact that the barbaric terrorist attack that kicked off this  chain of events is in part designed to wreck any chance of peace, in particular the progress that was being made between Israel, Saudi Arabia and others in normalising relations.
I thank her for the opportunity to send a message from all of us in this House that this is our focus and concern.
An incredibly impressive Stroud constituent called Sally-Anne came to see me last week about the contaminated blood scandal.
Her father is a haemophiliac and is sadly affected by what we now know is a national and international scandal; families have spent decades seeking answers and compensation.
Sally-Anne has turned her pain and her worry for her father into action, and she is doing a PhD to look at the wider impact on families, and at the McFarlane Trust work.