I start by thanking the hon.
Members for North Shropshire (Helen Morgan) and for Sheffield, Hallam (Olivia Blake).
I know the hon.
Member for Sheffield, Hallam could not be here this afternoon, but she has done a huge amount of work over the last 12 months, since the last debate.
I also thank my hon.
Friend  the Member for Truro and Falmouth (Cherilyn Mackrory) , who is the co-chair.
This is a fantastic example of cross-party working on such an important issue to women, but also to men, up and down the country.
I pay tribute to the work that those on the all-party parliamentary group do.
They are tireless campaigners for improving support for all families who go through the heartbreak of losing a baby.
This is the 21st Baby Loss Awareness Week and the eighth consecutive year that this House has held a debate to mark it.
I am proud, once again, to be able to applaud all campaigners, charities and clinicians who  mark Baby Loss Awareness Week.
I will use my time this afternoon to provide an update on the progress we have made since the debate last year and on pregnancy loss in particular.
Before I do, I want to touch on the comments by my hon.
Friend  the Member for East Worthing and Shoreham (Tim Loughton) , who is my constituency neighbour as well.
I want to apologise because, while we have delivered most of the changes in his Act, we still have not published the consultation on coronial investigations into stillbirths.
I know from speaking to Bill Kirkup and Donna Ockenden that they are very supportive of coronial investigations into stillbirths.
I have met many parents who have suffered the horrendous experience of losing a baby and who are very supportive of this change.
I was hoping to come to the Dispatch Box and be able to make a positive announcement.
Unfortunately, I cannot do so this afternoon, but I can assure him that I will personally follow this up after the debate.
I hope that, in a very short period of time, we will be able to make a positive announcement for him.
The loss of a baby is, tragically, a common outcome.
We are improving rates.
Stillbirth rates have reduced by 23% and neonatal mortality rates for babies born over 24 weeks’ gestation have reduced by 30%, but that is no consolation to those parents who experience baby loss when it does happen.
We know that, too often, when baby loss occurs, the experience of parents and families is not what it should be.
That is why the independent pregnancy loss review published its report in July, and the Government are supporting the recommendations in that report to make sure that every trust offers a consistent, compassionate service.
The review made it clear that baby loss is too often treated as a clinical event, with emotional support failing or falling short in a number of areas.
That is why it is so important that we reintroduce compassion as an element throughout the experience.
Let me take one example that was shown in the pregnancy loss review.
I was horrified to read stories of women miscarrying at home and storing their baby’s remains in their fridge in a Tupperware container because they were waiting days for their early pregnancy loss unit to reopen.
The review put it down in black and white that major improvements are needed and that is why we are supporting the recommendations.
The review made 73 recommendations for change within the NHS and wider society, and we have already started action on many of those.
The first was touched on by the SNP spokesperson,  the hon.
Member for North Ayrshire and Arran (Patricia Gibson) : the use of baby loss certificates for babies who are born before 24 weeks, who currently cannot be registered.
We announced in July that we would be rolling out baby loss certificates.