It is important that all dog owners work to make sure that their dogs behave and have appropriate training.
That is why we established a taskforce that includes dog welfare charities.
We expect it to respond to us by the end of the year, and we will potentially take forward some of its recommendations.
As someone who has had a pet dog all my life and still does, I am conscious that some of those who own American XL Bully dogs think that their dogs are integral and safe, but many in the general public see them as a danger and have fear.
Is the Secretary of State’s intention, as this process goes forward in Westminster, to engage with the Northern Ireland Assembly and the police, in particular, to ensure that the law and the recommendations that come out of this place can be shared with them?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to recognise owners’ concerns where they believe that they have very good dogs.
That is to some extent accommodated already in the legislation that has evolved since 1991.
On working  with other nations, the law—the primary legislation—will apply in both England and Wales by default, but we are working with the Scottish Government and the Northern Ireland Administration on potential moves to make this a UK-wide approach.
I call the shadow Minister.
I listened carefully to the answers the Secretary of State gave to both hon.
Members, but I am still not reassured that she has the planned legislation in place to ban XL Bully dogs effectively.
Is she satisfied that we have the kennel space across the UK, enough vets to make assessments, and clear rules and legislation in place to make the ban effective?
The hon.
Lady asks a fair question.
The legislation has evolved since 1991, with amendments made to the primary legislation in 1997 and in the Dangerous Dogs Exemption Schemes (England and Wales) Order 2015.
In that, there is a combination of work with the police in particular and with local councils and, of course, the judicial system.
We have been working closely with my right hon.
Friend the Minister for Crime, Policing and Fire to take the matter forward.
I want to ensure that the legislation is right.
I am expecting to present two statutory instruments to make it effective, with one bringing the ban into effect and the other providing the transition element and some of the finer details that still need to be completed.
Whether she plans to publish a new timeline for key milestones on (a) extended producer responsibility for packaging and (b) other measures in the 2018 resources and waste strategy for England.
In July, we announced the deferral of the producer payments under the extended producer responsibility scheme, moving them to October 2025.
I must say that that was at the request of industry, which asked for more time so that it could prepare.
We remain fully committed to delivering the programme to the timeline.
The Government continue to deliver obligations set out in the 2018 resources and waste strategy, and we recently published “Maximising Resources, Minimising Waste”, which is England’s waste prevention programme.
On  1 October , we also expanded our ban on certain single-use plastic items.
I am grateful for that comprehensive answer.
No one should underestimate the critical role of recycling, but, as I am told by the Green Alliance, it is critical that it is economically viable for the industry, which is worried about the increased costs of waste separation in the Government’s proposals.
I accept what the Minister said, but will she confirm whether her Department’s upcoming simpler recycling proposals  will retain commitments for recycling to be separated  at home?
Details of the simpler recycling system will be announced shortly, but I can tell the House that it will mean that all local authorities will collect the same materials.