Will the Leader of the House give us the business for next week?
The business for the week commencing  23 October  is as follows:
Monday 23 October —Second Reading of the Renters (Reform) Bill.
Tuesday 24 October —Motion to approve the draft Criminal Justice Act 2003 (Removal of Prisoners for Deportation) Order 2023, followed by consideration of a Lords message to the Levelling-up and Regeneration Bill, followed by a debate on the fourth report of the Procedure Committee, on correcting the record.
Wednesday 25 October —Consideration of a Lords message to the Economic Crime and Corporate Transparency Bill, followed by consideration of Lords amendments to the Non-Domestic Rating Bill, followed by, if necessary, consideration of a Lords message to the Procurement Bill [Lords], followed by, if necessary, consideration of a Lords message to the Energy Bill [Lords], followed by Report stage of the Economic Activity of Public Bodies (Overseas Matters) Bill, followed by, if necessary, consideration of any further Lords messages.
Thursday 26 October —If necessary, consideration of Lords messages, followed by a general debate on menopause.
The subject for this debate has been determined by the Backbench Business Committee, followed by, if necessary, consideration of Lords messages.
Friday 27 October —The House will not be sitting.
The House will be prorogued when Royal Assent to all Acts has been signified.
May I first take a moment to remember our former colleague Sir David Amess, who was brutally murdered two years ago while carrying out his duties?
His memory and legacy still shine brightly.
As we continue to witness the horror of the events unfolding in Israel and Gaza, and the emotions that they raise here at home, Hate Crime Awareness Week is a timely reminder that we stand united against hate.
The whole House speaks with one voice against antisemitism and Islamophobia.
As Members, we know that events in the middle east are directly and indirectly impacting on our constituents.
We stand in solidarity.
We condemn unequivocally the heartless terrorist actions of Hamas.
Israel has the right to defend itself, rescue hostages and protect its borders.
International law must be upheld at all times.
The lives of innocent civilians must be safeguarded, and every possible assistance must be made available to those who need help.
There must be immediate humanitarian access to Gaza for aid, food, water, medicines, fuel and electricity.
We welcome developments today, but it is urgent and it needs to be sustained.
Hamas are not the Palestinian people, and the Palestinian people are not Hamas.
We will continue to be strong advocates for justice, human rights and international law, and to keep alive the  prospect of peace based on a two-state solution.
Will the Prime Minister update the House following his visit this week?
I am afraid that I return again to a running theme: the disrespect and disregard that the Government have for Parliament.
Mr Speaker, I know that we were both appalled that the Prime Minister chose the very first day of recess to announce a major shift in Government net zero policy from Downing Street, while the Leader of the House sat in the front row and cheered.
It is no wonder he was ducking parliamentary scrutiny, with his fiction of seven bins and meat taxes, and his substance was met with alarm by industry and investors.
It is not a one-off but a pattern, no matter how many times you pull them up on it, Mr Speaker.
Again this week the Justice Secretary announced first to the press that he is abolishing short prison sentences—something the ministerial code forbids.
And of course, we have had the great northern train robbery, denied for weeks and finally announced at Conservative party conference.
Despite MPs having spent 1,300 hours of legislative time on High Speed 2 Bills, we have had no say on it.
Only this Prime Minister could cancel major rail infrastructure to Manchester while in Manchester.