It is not lost on anyone that those individuals have waited far too long for redress in this appalling situation.
I know that the Paymaster General feels that way, too, and I will ensure that he has heard her request for him to update the House.
At its conference this weekend, an SNP MP said he was “sick and tired” of Scottish Conservatives speaking in Parliament about the A9.
The Leader of the House will know that that is a crucial road between Perth and Inverness and up to Wick which the SNP promised would be fully dualled.
That is not happening.
Can we have a debate in this House to discuss that crucial infrastructure project?
Perhaps  the hon.
Member for Perth and North Perthshire (Pete Wishart)  will attend and stand up for his constituents, rather than sit down and support the SNP Government’s failure to dual that road and the A96 through my constituency.
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that important point.
I happened to see what I would describe as a spittle-flecked monologue, criticising members of the general public in Scotland for daring to voice their disappointment at the quality of the A9 and other road infrastructure.
My advice to  the hon.
Member for Perth and North Perthshire (Pete Wishart)  is that if he does not want the public to continually complain about things, he might dual those roads, as that project has been long overdue.
The public should have decent roads for the taxes they pay.
Order.
I presume that the hon.
Gentleman informed  the hon.
Member for Perth and North Perthshire (Pete Wishart)  of his question?
Yes I did, Madam Deputy Speaker, and he responded to thank me.
It is useful for me to know that you have done that.
When a Government announce that they have identified a problem facing the public and simultaneously announce that they have identified the only possible solution, I am always a little sceptical.
Twenty years ago, the Labour Government announced that diesel vehicles were best for the environment; today, as we know, they are vilified and effectively being taxed off the road.
We are now told that electric vehicles are our only salvation, despite growing concerns about their safety and real questions about the true environmental cost of manufacturing and disposing of their lithium batteries.
May we have a debate on the costs and benefits of electric vehicles?
The hon.
Gentleman will know how to apply for a debate in the usual way.
He has recently applied for debates and I think he has a debate on another topic later this week.
The House is always happy to facilitate that.
He is absolutely right: we want to ensure that information is taken from a wide range of sources.
Historically, there have been scandals; we had the EU emissions scandal related to diesel vehicles.
It is very important that information is out there and people can scrutinise it.
I encourage all Members to make use of the House of Commons Library, which is a tremendous repository of information, but also to take their information from a wide variety of sources.
It is understandable that, after suffering the worst terrorist atrocity in its history and the largest loss of Jewish life since the holocaust, the state of Israel will now seek to eliminate the threat of Hamas and all the other terrorist organisations.
Mr Speaker enabled a statement on Monday and then an urgent question.
Rather than a statement, would it not be better for the House to have a debate, in Government time and on a Government motion, so that it can express its support for the state of Israel and we can come to a ready conclusion to send a strong signal?