We have had many discussions with the Canal & River Trust over the past three years on the review of its funding, and we are providing it with more than £400 million of additional funding between 2027 and 2037.
When the trust was created in 2012, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs and the trust signed a memorandum of understanding agreeing that the trust would have to move increasingly towards alternative sources of funding.
In Ellesmere Port, we are proud that the Canal & River Trust has made its headquarters there, but we are concerned about the implications of the funding decisions, which amount to a £300 million cut in real terms over the next decade.
Clearly that will cause the trust real problems, so I urge the Minister to think again about these decisions and to engage with the trust about how that gap can be bridged.
We all recognise the important work and benefits that the Canal & River Trust brings, but the £300 million cut in funding asserted by the trust is not correct, because that includes adjustments for inflation.
Government funding does not provide for that.
We should also remember that an investment portfolio of over £1 billion was transferred to the trust, and it gets the benefits of the investments and the funding that accrues from them.
I call the Member of “Rosie and Jim” fame.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
As chairman of the all-party parliamentary group for the waterways, I share concerns about the future of our canal network, but I am conscious of the fact that 15 years ago when the trust was set up, the aim  was for it to be self-financing.
Richard Parry, the chief executive, has discussed with me and Ministers in the past the possibility of receiving a lump sum, rather than a sum over 10 years.
What progress has been made on that?
I thank my hon.
Friend for all the valuable work he does in that capacity.
That subject is still under discussion.
What discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on introducing the proposed ban on American Bully XL dogs.
The Prime Minister made a decision about introducing the proposed ban on American XL Bully dogs, recognising the horrific consequences of recent dog attacks and the disproportionate amount of those being undertaken by such dogs.
We are working at pace on the legislation, and importantly on how it will be put into practice, and I hope to say more on that soon.
I thank the Secretary of State for her answer.
As a veterinary surgeon, I strongly agree with the Prime Minister, the Home Secretary and the Secretary of State that we need to ban the dangerous American XL Bully dog as soon as possible to keep people and other animals safe.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that in parallel to this necessary urgent action, we need to undertake important work with the public on responsible dog breeding, responsible dog ownership and better training and socialising of dogs as part of a holistic, long-term solution to dog attacks?
My hon.
Friend has great credibility in this field, given his professional experience as a vet.
I understand that many owners of XL Bully dogs are passionate about their animals—their pets.
That is why we are working at pace, but taking our time to get right the definitions and the transition period that we anticipate.
It is important that all dog owners work to make sure that their dogs behave and have appropriate training.
That is why we established a taskforce that includes dog welfare charities.
We expect it to respond to us by the end of the year, and we will potentially take forward some of its recommendations.