Our attendance hub now supports 800 schools, benefiting more than 400,000 pupils; 86% of schools subscribe to our attendance data tool to spot at-risk pupils; and we have specialist programmes helping some of the most vulnerable, including children with social workers, children with special educational needs, and young people facing particular issues such as mental ill health.
Our approach is starting to turn the tide—recent data show that 380,000 fewer children were persistently not at school last year—but absence levels are still too high, and that remains my No.
1 priority.
As the Secretary of State has said, progress in reducing persistent absence is not as fast as anyone would like, and in places such as Blackpool the attendance monitoring pilots will be crucial.
However, according to the charity School-Home Support, which has been working in Blackpool for 18 months, there is a need to focus on more than just individual pupils, and the “whole family support” model is also crucial.
Will the Secretary of State meet me, along with representatives of School-Home Support, to hear about the pertinent lessons that they have learnt in Blackpool, which contains the most deprived neighbourhoods in the country?
If we cannot get it right in Blackpool, where else are we going to get it right?
I entirely agree with my hon.
Friend: School-Home Support does incredible work in Blackpool.
The Government’s supporting families programme, backed by £200 million, focuses on attendance by supporting the whole family.
Blackpool is also one of our 24 priority education investment areas, with six family support workers helping 11 schools to improve attendance.
I am  sure that my right hon.
Friend the Minister for Schools would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss these issues further.
It is not uncommon for kids who have had a brain injury, particularly a significant brain injury, to receive plenty of care and support at school immediately after the event, but, some six to nine months later, to suffer real cognitive problems.
They may suffer from depression or anxiety, they may sometimes be unable to inhibit themselves, and they may stop turning up for school and start getting into trouble.
Can the Secretary of State commission a specific piece of work on providing protection and support for those children and their families, who desperately need it?
As the hon.
Gentleman knows, he and I both worked on this topic when I had a different role.
Of course we want all children to be helped to get into school, because they can only benefit from this fantastic education if they are there, and of course schools should make adjustments if children need them.
I am sure that my right hon.
Friend the Minister for Schools will be happy to meet him as well in order to understand further what more we can do in this regard.
What steps her Department is taking to improve provision for children with special educational needs and disabilities.
What steps her Department is taking to improve provision for children with special educational needs and disabilities.
What steps she is taking to improve support for children with special educational needs in Walsall South constituency.
What steps her Department is taking to improve provision for children with special educational needs and disabilities.
In March, we published our improvement plan to transform support for children with special educational needs, and last month we launched nine regional change programme partnerships to drive reform.
By 2024-25, we will have increased high needs funding by 60% since 2019-20, and we have approved the opening of 78 special free schools.
Local authorities have spent nearly a quarter of a billion pounds fighting parents at SEND tribunals since 2014, yet they have a failure rate of over 90%.
What steps is the Department taking to overhaul that process, which has caused SEND parents in Northampton South unnecessary distress?
My hon.