We are absolutely committed to making sure that women take up higher technical qualifications, and we are doing everything we can to support them with careers advice to ensure that more take up STEM subjects in particular.
I call the shadow Minister.
Increasing the take-up of higher technical qualifications is desperately needed, with low take-up leading to persistent skills gaps and holding back economic growth.
Colleges, which we were proud to celebrate during Love Our Colleges Week, tell us of issues affecting take-up, including a lack of quality careers advice, challenges with stable staffing and late course approvals.
With the UK seeing only 10% of adults whose highest qualification is between level 3 and level 6—the sixth lowest rate in the G7—should not the Government address their cuts to careers advice, as Labour will, so that young people do not miss out because they hear about opportunities far too late?
I congratulate the hon.
Lady on her new position, but I genuinely do not know what planet she has been living on these past few years.
We introduced higher technical qualifications and are transforming qualifications across the country.
We introduced T-levels and spent £90 million to transform careers advice.
Ninety per cent of schools are in a careers hub, and we have the National Careers Service.
We are doing a lot of work to support careers, and we are spending something like £3 million to ensure that apprenticeships and skills are taught in schools up and down the country—more than 2,000 schools and 680,000 pupils.
We are doing huge amounts on careers, and we are the people who transformed skills in our country.
I think we’ve got the story.
The extra chapter was fine.
What assessment her Department has made of the adequacy of the provision of music education in schools.
I congratulate the hon.
Lady on her appointment as shadow Minister for music and tourism.
The Government expect every school to teach music for at least an hour a week, supported by our music hub network, including the Greater Manchester hub led by the Bolton Music Service, and backed by £25 million of capital for instruments and a new £10,000 bursary for trainee music teachers.
Last month, Ofsted reported:
“There remains a divide between the opportunities for children and young people whose families can afford to pay for music tuition and for those who come from lower socio-economic backgrounds.”
It also said that
“half the primary schools visited did not…offer any instrumental or vocal lessons”,
and that what lessons existed were being taught by non-specialist teachers in two thirds of primary schools.
This is a damning reflection of the substantial decline in the provision of music education in England over which Conservative-led Governments have presided.
What urgent action will the Government take in response to these findings?
From September next year, every music hub will be required to support music tuition for disadvantaged pupils.
We are investing £2 million in a music progression programme in education investment areas to support up to 1,000 pupils to learn an instrument.
From 2018-19 to 2022-23, between 96.4% and 94.7% of all hours taught in music were taught by a teacher with a relevant post-A-level qualification.
There are now 7,184 full-time music teachers in our secondary schools, which is up from 7,000 last year.
XYZ Music Academy teaches over 2,000 children across Buckinghamshire on a weekly basis, employing 18 tutors.
Its online primary school music curriculum “XYZ Primary” helps primary schools with smaller budgets to deliver music provision to a high standard, adhering to the model music curriculum and Ofsted requirements.
Will my right hon.
Friend visit XYZ to learn more from this innovative small business that could be adopted more widely across the country?
I would be delighted to visit XYZ.
Music in schools is a personal passion for me; I want to see more of it and a better quality of it.