If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Mr Speaker, I stand with this House in condemning the barbaric terrorist attacks on Israel.
The brutal actions of Hamas have sent shockwaves that have reverberated all the way to our shores.
My ministerial team and I recently met leaders from the Jewish education community.
I was deeply moved by the experiences that they shared but horrified by the rise in antisemitism that they faced.
That is totally unacceptable.
All students deserve to learn without fear or harassment.
Disturbingly, I have also seen evidence of students and academics appearing to support Hamas.
Let me be crystal clear: Hamas is a terrorist organisation and supporting it is a criminal act.
The Government will take action against those who do.
With my Ministers, I have written to schools, colleges and universities, reminding them of their duties under Prevent and that incidents of antisemitism will not be tolerated.
We teach our children the British values of liberty, mutual respect and tolerance.
This Government will always stand by those values.
I join my right hon.
Friend in the comments that she has just made.
Strike action in schools has caused significant disruption to children and parents in my constituency and resulted in the loss of some 25 million school days across the country.
I welcome the part that my right hon.
Friend played in bringing the dispute to an end, with the largest pay award for teachers in 30 years.
However, what further steps is she taking to protect children from the impact of future strike action?
My right hon.
Friend is correct: it is unacceptable that the disruption caused over 10 days of strike action saw millions of school days lost.
That is why the Government are introducing minimum service levels in schools and colleges, to protect children and parents from the damaging impact of future strike action.
We must find a balance between teachers’ right to strike and protecting children’s education.
In the first instance, we have asked unions to work with us on a voluntary agreement.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
I join the Secretary of State in recognising the impact of the conflict in the middle east on our education system here and the importance of every child being able to attend school safely.
Rates of persistent absence are now double what they were five years ago.
Labour’s plan starts with resetting the relationship between families and schools, delivering new mental health hubs, and having counsellors in every secondary school and breakfast clubs for every primary school child.
The Prime Minister’s first step was to say that he had maxed out on supporting our children, and now the Secretary of State is blaming parents for keeping children at home with a cold.
When are Ministers going to get a grip on this serious problem?
We do take this issue extremely seriously; as I said, it is my No.
1 priority.
The Attendance Action Alliance includes the Children’s Commissioner, Department of Health and Social Care representatives, social workers and many others working together.
The letter was sent to help parents because we have noticed that in some cases there has been a change in attendance as a result of parents not being clear about whether they should send their children to school with minor ailments.
Chris Whitty took it upon himself to write, and we very much support his action.
Persistent absence is a symptom of a wider breakdown of trust right across our school system.
It is no surprise, given that the Conservatives reopened pubs before they reopened schools, that they have left schools to crumble, and that they have allowed disruptive strike action to drag on for months.
Labour’s first priority will be to rebuild that relationship between schools, families and Government.
Does the Secretary of State not believe that parents and children deserve a lot better than the sorry mess she is presiding over today?