Will the Secretary of State confirm whether those bodies are asked to look proactively for lead piping?
What action are they asked to take if any is found?
Schools must have suitable drinking water facilities.
Where responsible bodies, such as local authorities or academy trusts, discover lead piping in a school, they must take action, working as appropriate with water companies.
Capital funding allocated to schools each year can be used to fund the removal of pipe work if required, but when a school has a particular concern, it can contact the Department for assistance.
I welcome the idea of the advanced British standard assessment, although the name is unwieldy—acronyms are used elsewhere—and difficult to export.
That aside, has there been any more exploration of what the curriculum would look like and of how many years young people would need to study for the qualification?
Does it mean the end of GCSEs?
No, it does not.
The advanced British standard will offer a broad, balanced and knowledge-rich curriculum that builds on reforms of the last decade.
Its curriculum will form a core part of the formal consultation in the coming months.
GCSEs remain important, rigorous and highly regarded qualifications, providing preparation for the new advanced British standard.
When does the Minister anticipate that it might be possible to deliver at least half of all education, health and care plans for SEND children within the Government’s own legal timeframe?
We are undertaking a significant programme of reform to ensure not only that EHCPs are delivered in the right timeframe but that children get the support they need at an earlier stage without needing one.
Will my right hon.
Friend outline the support provided to the Metropolitan Borough of Bury by the Government to enhance educational provision for children with special educational needs?
The Metropolitan Borough of Bury is getting significant support.
In addition to the funding increases, we have appointed a SEND adviser to work with the borough to improve services.
The Council for Disabled Children is supporting it to strengthen EHCPs.
Two special free schools have been approved, and Bury is also one of 34 areas in our safety valve programme.
In recent weeks, we have seen reported instances of antisemitism rise by 1,300% and Islamophobia by 150%, with Jewish kids afraid to go to school and Muslim kids asked, “Whose side are you on?”
What are the Government doing to ensure that children are taught sensitively but robustly about the wrongs of such intolerance, and does Ofsted have a role in ensuring consistency of approach in all schools?
The hon.
Member is absolutely right: antisemitism has no place in education.
It was an honour to join the Secretary of State’s visit to Menorah High School last week, together with the whole ministerial team, standing in solidarity with that school and with the Jewish community.
We have written to all schools and colleges urging a swift response to hate-related incidents and active reassurance for their students  and staff, and we continue to work with faith leaders, schools and Ofsted to monitor the response to those concerns.
Further to the question asked by my hon.
Friend the Member for Harrow East (Bob Blackman), since Hamas’s attack, Jewish students on campus report that they have had a year’s worth of antisemitic incidents in only two weeks.
Some have been targeted, the attack itself was celebrated, and some have received death threats.
As such, does the Minister agree that universities should work with the Union of Jewish Students to publicise the welfare hotline that it has established; avail themselves of the training that the UJS offers; and work to implement the recommendations of the recent report of the taskforce on antisemitism in higher education?
I have made it clear that we will not tolerate antisemitism on campus.
We are working closely with the Union of Jewish Students and the higher education Jewish chaplaincy service, as well as the Community Security Trust.