It is no surprise, given that the Conservatives reopened pubs before they reopened schools, that they have left schools to crumble, and that they have allowed disruptive strike action to drag on for months.
Labour’s first priority will be to rebuild that relationship between schools, families and Government.
Does the Secretary of State not believe that parents and children deserve a lot better than the sorry mess she is presiding over today?
The hon.
Lady talks about responsibility and accountability.
When Labour were warned about RAAC—reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete—in 1997, 1999, 2002 and 2007, they did nothing.
When Labour spent money on school rebuilding, they ignored school conditions altogether. [
Interruption.]
The hon.
Lady needs to listen to this.
They even rebuilt three schools and left RAAC within the buildings.
A school even collapsed in 2018.
What did they do in Wales?
Absolutely nothing.
We make the tough decisions.
Labour cannot even make a single decision.
In the wake of the massacre that occurred in Israel—the greatest loss of life since the holocaust—cases of antisemitism in this country have risen by 582%, and Jewish students on our campuses feel very unsafe.
Glorification of this massacre has been carried out at Warwick University, Bristol University, University College London and the School of Oriental and African Studies.
It is unacceptable for universities to tolerate such activity, so will my right hon.
Friend join me in condemning antisemitism and state what she will do to ensure that Jewish students  feel safe on campus and can study like every other British citizen?
Sadly, there are a number of Hamas’s useful idiots—a fifth column—across some of our universities.
The Secretary of State has said that she will not stand for it; the Home Secretary will not stand for it.
We have written to universities.
This is absolutely unacceptable; we expect our universities to be safe places for all Jewish students.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
If the pay offer for teachers in England had matched the award for teachers in Scotland, the Secretary of State would have averted the current strike action.
Paul Whiteman, the general secretary of the National Association of Head Teachers, has said that minimum service levels for teachers are
“nothing short of an overtly hostile act from the Government and an attack on the basic democratic freedoms of school leaders and teachers.”
Will the Secretary of State explain how she expects to tackle the staffing crisis in teaching when she goes out of her way to alienate the profession?
We have a record number of teachers in schools in England: 468,000.
That is 27,000 more teachers today than in 2010.
We accepted the recommendations of the School Teachers’ Review Body for a 6.5% pay rise—the highest in 30 years —for teachers and headteachers in our school system.
Like all county councils, Staffordshire County Council is struggling with the rising demand for special educational needs and disabilities support in schools, and with lengthy delays in issuing education, health and care plans.
That is leaving children and families with a lack of vital support and appropriate education for their needs.
What steps are the Government taking to tackle the shortage of educational psychologists and to ensure that children receive the education that they need to achieve good outcomes?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right about the importance of educational psychologists.
We are investing £21 million to train 400 more educational psychologists, building on the £10 million already announced to train more than 200 from this term.
The Department for Education has stated that
“Where responsible bodies discover lead piping, they must take action”.
Will the Secretary of State confirm whether those bodies are asked to look proactively for lead piping?
What action are they asked to take if any is found?
Schools must have suitable drinking water facilities.