When we hear in this House about Israel’s actions, it is important to have those images in our mind.
What happened to its citizens was unforgivable and it has every right to defend itself against that.
I can also provide my right hon.
and learned Friend with the reassurance that, as he well knows, under the Terrorism Acts of 2000 and 2006, the glorification of terrorism, support for proscribed organisations and the encouraging of terrorism are all offences and will be met with the full force of law.
The Prime Minister said in his statement that this was a moment for moral clarity, and I agree with him.
The humanitarian situation in Gaza is dire at the moment: 34 trucks have gone in, set against a normal backdrop of hundreds going in every day.
We are on a precipice, with people including women and children in hospitals dying because of shortages of power, water and food.
I welcome the money for aid but, if it cannot get in, it is not helping.
What can the Prime Minister do to get that aid in, in the quantities that will prevent avoidable deaths in Gaza?
Last week, President Sisi himself commended the United Kingdom for our diplomatic efforts to ensure the access of humanitarian aid into Gaza, and I thank my right hon.
Friends the Foreign Secretary and the Development Minister for their efforts in that regard.
We in this House should be proud of the UK’s efforts to ensure that that access is now open.
Of course we need more, and that is why the logistical support that we can provide to ensure that high volumes of aid can flow freely to the people who need it is imperative.
The Development Minister is extensively engaged with the UN on that topic.
I thank the Prime Minister for his statement.
My constituency has been the location for two major solidarity with Palestine protests over the past two Saturdays, and I suspect that there will be more to come.
The Jewish community in Westminster has highlighted to me that these protests start just a few minutes’ walk from synagogues and that they coincide with the end of Shabbat services.
Does the Prime Minister agree that, if further such protests go ahead, the timing and location of their starts should be considered, to take into account that members of the Jewish community are still worried about their safety and that the protests coincide with their Shabbat?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this important issue.
There is no place on British streets for demonstrations, convoys or flag-waving that not only glorify terrorism but harass the Jewish community.
There is no place for antisemitism on our streets, which is why we have also increased funding for the Community Security Trust to protect British Jews from these types of incidents.
The decisions that she refers to are typically operational decisions for the police and local communities, but I will very much bear in mind what she has said in our further engagements with those entities and individuals.
I thank the Prime Minister for advance sight of his statement and for his calmness in the face of the barbarity that the world has witnessed.
I also welcome the comments from the Leader of the Opposition and agree with the solidarity that has been expressed—hopefully profoundly—across the House.
I want to draw the Prime Minister’s attention to the murder by the terrorists of Kim Damti, a 22-year-old Irish-Israeli woman.
I have searched this city long and hard for a book of condolence for her, but unfortunately none is to be found in the Irish embassy or anywhere else, so I want to put her name on record so that she too is immortalised and remembered forever.