Again, Israel has the right the defend itself in line with international and humanitarian law, and it has our support in doing that.
rose—
Order.
The statement will run until 5 o’clock, so let us help one another to get everyone in.
How can members of the British Jewish community feel safe when people are allowed to chant on the streets of Britain in favour of jihad, call for the raising of religious armies to go and fight Israel, call for the mobilisation of the intifada, and walk down our street holding signs that display despicable ancient antisemitic tropes?
Those are marches not for peace but for hate.
They glorify the worst murder of Jews since the holocaust, and they have to stop.
Hateful extremism has no place in our society.
Calls for jihad and for Muslim armies to rise up are a threat not only to the Jewish community but to our democratic values.
The police are operationally independent, but the Home Secretary has a role in holding police forces to account.
As Members will know, she raised this matter with the Met police commissioner at their meeting earlier today.
Anyone who commits a crime—whether inciting racial hatred, glorifying terrorism or violating public order—should expect to face the full force of the law.
I thank the Prime Minister for his statement.
I agree with him and the Leader of the Opposition that the humanitarian crisis in Gaza is truly horrifying.
To prevent a catastrophe it is essential that far more aid reaches the people who need it and it is vital that the hostages are unconditionally released.
Hamas’s evil attacks have claimed far too many innocent lives already.
Israel unquestionably has the right to protect its citizens and target these brutal terrorists in line with international law, just as we all have a duty to prevent more needless civilian deaths.
Does the Prime Minister agree with many of us, including the Archbishop of Canterbury, that the UK should be leading diplomatic efforts to secure a pause in hostilities with a temporary humanitarian ceasefire to allow for the hostages to be released and to get aid into Gaza?
Let me just say exactly what I have been trying to do over the past week: ensure that we can diplomatically engage with partners in the region—as, indeed, the Foreign Secretary has been doing.
That has resulted in humanitarian aid coming into Gaza.
More needs to come, but that is a sign of progress.
In all our conversations, particularly with the Emir of Qatar, we are focused on releasing hostages of all nationalities, but we are particularly concerned about the British hostages.
We will continue to have that engagement with our partners to do everything in our power to secure the release of the hostages.
My right hon.
Friend knows that I am one of the Members of this House who takes the most satisfaction in the fact that it is he who is Prime Minister of this great democratic country, with all the powers of analysis that he brings to his role.
We are all in this nation accountable before the law—perhaps the only one who is not has to act on my right hon.
Friend’s advice anyway, and he is accountable before the law like everyone else.
I welcome the Prime Minister’s statement, but we do not quite get to the conclusion.
This is a watershed moment: we are either going to build a future that is based on a killing field in Gaza, or we are going to have a ceasefire and the opportunity to bring the necessary aid there for all the people who are  suffering now so appallingly.
My right hon.
Friend knows that we must operate within the law.
The law is clear and it requires a ceasefire to be implemented now.