As I have made very clear, we support the Palestinian people because they are victims of Hamas too.
We mourn the loss of every innocent life; we mourn the loss of civilians of every faith and every nationality who have been killed in this conflict.
However, I simply disagree with the hon.
Lady’s characterisation of what is going on.
There is a significant difference between a terrorist organisation that deliberately and specifically targeted the killing, mutilation and murder of innocent civilians—including children and women and babies—a couple of weeks ago, and Israel’s lawful right to defend itself and go after those perpetrators.
I thank the Prime Minister for all the efforts that he and his team are making at this time.
During the important discussions that he was having with leaders in the region at the end of last week about getting more humanitarian assistance into Gaza—and that is exactly right—was he able to obtain any new information about the welfare of hostages who have been taken by Hamas into Gaza?
They include many elderly people, toddlers with medical needs and disabled people.
Is it not important for us to make sure that they are not forgotten, and that the supplies going into Gaza reach the hostages as well?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for raising an excellent point.
It is difficult to ascertain that information precisely, but I give him the reassurance that we are talking extensively to our partners.
I had a very constructive conversation with the Emir of Qatar about this issue to put pressure on those holding the hostages to release them unconditionally and to ensure their wellbeing in the meantime.
I welcome the Prime Minister’s statement.
Given that Hizb ut-Tahrir is a fundamentalist organisation that is banned in 40 countries and across most of the Arab world, why are its members allowed to parade on the streets of London and call for the destruction of the state of Israel?
As I have said, we do of course keep the list of proscribed organisations under review, but we do not routinely comment on whether an organisation is or is not under consideration for proscription.
I refer the hon.
Gentleman to my earlier comments: hateful extremism of the type that we saw this weekend has no place in our society, and it should be met with the full force of the law.
A group of 100 journalists from around the world have just been shown some indescribable raw footage of the  Hamas attacks in a private screening.
According to a BBC journalist, it features a father and two sons aged roughly seven and nine seen running into a shelter in their underwear.
A terrorist throws a grenade into the shelter, killing the father and badly injuring the two boys, who run back into the house covered in blood.
The two children are screaming for their father, and saying that they are going to die.
The terrorist is seen calmly drinking water from the family’s fridge.
That is just one of the videos that have been shown to 100 journalists from around the world in the last couple of hours.
Will the Prime Minister confirm that any person in the United Kingdom supporting this vicious terrorism will be subject to the full force of the law?
I saw much of the same footage myself on my visit to Israel last week and I can tell the House that it is absolutely horrifying to watch.
When we hear in this House about Israel’s actions, it is important to have those images in our mind.
What happened to its citizens was unforgivable and it has every right to defend itself against that.
I can also provide my right hon.