The Department is also supporting individual local authorities to tackle financial sustainability through two programmes: the Safety Valve programme for those with the highest deficits, and Delivering Better Value in SEND, which will help local authorities, including Worcestershire, to develop plans to reform their systems to reach a sustainable footing.
The recent accounting error by the Secretary of State’s Department will mean a cut of more than £2.5 million for schools in Bristol.
That money could have been spent on breakfast clubs, SEND provision, mental health support, or even such basics as paying the energy bills.
The Prime Minister said in this conference speech that his main funding priority in every spending review from now on will be education, but he is cutting school budgets now.
Does the Secretary of State not realise the impact that will have on schools, whose budgets have already been cut to the bone?
I take the error in the July notional national funding formula figures very seriously, but it is important to note that schools do not receive notification of their actual budget until February-March.
The Department acted quickly to correct the error—well before schools set their final budgets.
There is no cut: £59.6 billion, which I have talked about many times from this Dispatch Box, is the number that schools will be funded at next year.
At my direction, Peter Wyman, the chair of the Institute of Chartered Accountants, will lead a rigorous independent external review of the Department’s quality assurance processes.
I call the Chair of the Education Committee.
I am grateful to the permanent secretary for writing to the Committee as soon as that recent funding error was identified, and for her apology for the concern that it caused.
Although no actual money was lost to schools as a result, it reflects the complexity of the current system.
We have promised a fair formula for funding, which will flow directly to schools.
When do Ministers expect to be able to legislate to put that in place?
It is our intention to legislate, but I cannot give a date for that at the Dispatch Box.
I will keep my hon.
Friend informed.
Despite North West Leicestershire delivering consistently the highest economic growth in the country, with the resulting tax revenue benefits to the Treasury, my constituents have been blighted by very low per-pupil funding for a long time, as Leicestershire has bumped along the bottom of the funding table for decades.
Does the Secretary of State have any words of comfort for my constituents?
The introduction of the NFF will direct resources according to need.
That has meant that funding has been redistributed to catch up with these changes.
Those with the highest number of pupils with additional needs will also be targeted via the NFF.
What steps she is taking to help support students with the cost of living.
What steps she is taking to help support students with the cost of living.
This year and last year, the Government have provided £94 billion of cost of living support in England.
In education, more than a third of children get free school meals.
University tuition fees have been frozen and we have provided £276 million of student premium to help the most disadvantaged students.[Official Report,  25 October 2023 , Vol.
738, c. 5MC.]
During my latest meeting with student leaders in Canterbury, they told me that, often, new students will visit the food bank, the Campus Pantry, before they have even unpacked their bags or settled in.
In the 2021-22 academic year, 45 students visited; by 2022-23, that number had risen to 301—a 650% rise in regular food bank users.
They expect a similar rise this  academic year.
What will the Government do to help all those, including students and staff on campus, who are forced to turn to food banks?
I know the hon.
Lady cares deeply about the welfare of her students.