As such, does the Minister agree that universities should work with the Union of Jewish Students to publicise the welfare hotline that it has established; avail themselves of the training that the UJS offers; and work to implement the recommendations of the recent report of the taskforce on antisemitism in higher education?
I have made it clear that we will not tolerate antisemitism on campus.
We are working closely with the Union of Jewish Students and the higher education Jewish chaplaincy service, as well as the Community Security Trust.
I welcome the taskforce’s report and its recommendations, and we absolutely urge universities to prioritise the implementation of that report.
Having recently visited a local nursery in Birdwell, I know that its staff are very concerned about their ability to plan for provision for children in the year 2024-25.
When will the Government give them certainty on hourly rates?
We will be setting out the funding rates very shortly.
One day after Hamas’s brutal massacre in Israel, a student at the University of Manchester spoke of being full of “pride and joy” at a once-in-a-lifetime experience—not only a disgusting comment but one that points to possible extremism in our university campuses.
Far too many think that there are no consequences for spreading such hate in our educational settings, so will my right hon.
Friend set out what the real consequences are?
I mentioned previously that unfortunately, we have some of Hamas’s useful idiots across our campuses, and we will not stand for it—they represent a fifth column supporting terrorism.
We are doing everything possible.
The Prevent duty requires higher education providers to have due regard to the need to prevent people from being drawn into terrorism, and we will work with the universities to ensure that they take any extremist activity very seriously.
James, a 14-year-old lad from my constituency, has been passed from pillar to post by schools that simply cannot deal with his attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and autism.
Will the Minister meet me on that specific case?
I would be delighted to meet with the hon.
Gentleman.
Mr Speaker, last week I visited the middle east, bringing a message of solidarity with the region against terror and against the further spread of conflict.
I met with the leaders of Israel, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Egypt and the Palestinian Authority to co-ordinate our response to the crisis before us, but also to renew the better vision of the future that Hamas are trying to destroy.
I travelled first to Israel.
It is a nation in mourning, but it is also a nation under attack.
The violence against Israel did not end on  7 October .
Hundreds of rockets are launched at its towns and cities every day, and Hamas still hold around 200 hostages, including British citizens.
In Jerusalem, I met some of the relatives, who are suffering unbearable torment.
Their pain will stay with me for the rest of my days.
I am doing everything in my power, and working with all our partners, to get their loved ones home.
In my meetings with Prime Minister Netanyahu and President Herzog, I told them once again that we stand resolutely with Israel in defending itself against terror, and I stressed again the need to act in line with international humanitarian law and take every possible step to avoid harming civilians.
It was a message delivered by a close friend and ally.
I say it again: we stand with Israel.
I recognise that the Palestinian people are suffering terribly.
Over 4,000 Palestinians have been killed in this conflict.
They are also the victims of Hamas, who embed themselves in the civilian population.
Too many lives have already been lost, and the humanitarian crisis is growing.
I went to the region to address these issues directly.