Will he detail what support he is giving those students at every stage of their journey to make sure they really do have the same opportunities as those from more privileged backgrounds?
Many universities offer bursaries to students—I highlighted two examples to previous questioners—and we are doing everything possible to ensure that students who do courses get good skills and good jobs at the end.
That is the purpose of our higher education reforms, which, as I understand it, the SNP opposed.
What steps she is taking to increase the number of primary school children meeting expected standards in maths.
Since 2010, we have reformed the maths curriculum, reflecting international best practice, and introduced a network of maths hubs to boost the quality of teaching.
In 2019, primary pupils achieved their highest ever score in the latest TIMSS—trends in international mathematics and science study—international survey, and Ofsted recently found “a resounding, positive shift” in primary maths education.
When will the Government learn that early years matter?
One in four children leave primary school without core maths skills and never catch up.
Does the Minister agree that, instead of forcing everyone to study maths to 18, we should focus on early years and encourage a more positive attitude to learning maths, rather than leave it hanging over pupils?
In fact, we are focusing on both.
We have reformed the early years foundation stage to ensure that there is more interaction between adults and pupils in that stage, with a focus on numeracy and English as well.
In 2011, we took the Singapore primary curriculum as the basis of our primary maths, and we introduced the multiplication tables check for year 4 pupils.
An increasing number of pupils are now fluent in their times tables, in a way that generations of children in the past have not been.
The hon.
Member for Ealing, Southall (Mr Sharma)  and the Minister are both right to stress the importance of maths, but what is vital to all good teaching is proper school place planning.
On the Isle of Wight, councillors are proving unwilling to deliver, or incapable of delivering, a school place plan despite their legal duty.
Will the Minister work with me to ensure that the Isle of Wight Council acts to fulfil its legal duties soon—
Order.
The hon.
Member must try to keep to the main question.
He really is drifting.
He must return to the subject of primary education.
Will you allow me to raise this subject during topical questions instead, Mr Speaker?
No.
Okay.
I am sorry, Sir.
Thank you.
Will the Minister work with me to ensure that the Isle of Wight Council acts to fulfil its legal obligations?
At present it is letting down parents, pupils and teachers.
My hon.
Friend is right to raise this issue.
We are aware that the Isle of Wight is experiencing a decline in the number of primary school children, which is creating surplus places.
The Department is monitoring the situation closely, and the south east regional director will be meeting the local authority next month to discuss this and other concerns that we have about the Isle of Wight.
What steps she is taking to reduce the number of pupils persistently absent from schools.
Improving attendance is one of my top priorities.
Our attendance hub now supports 800 schools, benefiting more than 400,000 pupils; 86% of schools subscribe to our attendance data tool to spot at-risk pupils; and we have specialist programmes helping some of the most vulnerable, including children with social workers, children with special educational needs, and young people facing particular issues such as mental ill health.
Our approach is starting to turn the tide—recent data show that 380,000 fewer children were persistently not at school last year—but absence levels are still too high, and that remains my No.
1 priority.