The SEND crisis extends to Devon, and my postbag is full of correspondence from parents trying to get their children the educational provision they need.
It has got so bad that in some cases children are being taught in school cupboards, and Devon has appointed a SEND champion to its cabinet.
What steps is the Department taking to help boost SEND services in rural areas such as mine?
There has been a 30% increase in the per-head funding to schools in Devon for their special educational needs provision, and the whole thrust of our reform plan is to make the system work better for parents and families and get the support for their children at the stage when they need it.[Official Report,  25 October 2023 , Vol.
738, c. 6MC.]
We now come to the shadow Minister.
“Lose, lose, lose”, costing a “fortune” and not providing “the right service”.
Those are not my words but those of the Secretary of State describing the SEND system over which her Government have been presiding for the last 13 years.
Will the Minister tell the House when he expects the plans that the Government have announced for SEND to make a difference to the long waiting times and lack of support experienced by so many families across the country?
We have already begun the reform programme and have just launched the nine change partnerships, which are already starting to make a difference to the provision.
I would just say to the hon.
Lady that this is yet another area where the Labour party has absolutely no policies whatsoever.[Official Report,  25 October 2023 , Vol.
738, c. 7MC.]
What steps her Department is taking to promote the uptake of higher technical qualifications.
We are revolutionising our skills offering by introducing 172 higher technical qualifications at more than 140 providers at levels 4 and 5.
This includes £115 million for providers and £300 million for 21 institutes of technology.
I note that the Opposition want to rebadge institutes of technology as technical colleges of excellence.
In our view, all our colleges are places of technical excellence.
I welcome the Government’s plan to introduce a new advanced British standard to help to remove the artificial divide between technical and academic qualifications.
Given that the need for technical skills exists right across the United Kingdom, can my right hon.
Friend confirm that this new qualification will live up to its name and be truly British, like the T-level before it, and therefore be available to education settings in Scotland that choose it?
My hon.
Friend is a champion of science, technology, engineering, maths and skills, and he will know that education is devolved.
The devolved Administrations are responsible for their education systems,  but the Department for Education is working with the Governments of the UK.
We engaged at both official and ministerial level when the advanced British standard was announced.
We look forward to continued engagement as it is hopefully adopted across the United Kingdom.
I thank the Minister for his response and his positivity.
I echo the request of  the hon.
Member for Banff and Buchan (David Duguid)  to ensure that all the benefits of higher education are present not only here on the mainland but across the whole United Kingdom.
I know that is the Minister’s wish, but can he confirm that, when it comes to higher technical qualifications, girls and ladies will have the same opportunities as young fellas and young men?
I thank my hon.
Friend—he is my hon.
Friend—for his question.
We are absolutely committed to making sure that women take up higher technical qualifications, and we are doing everything we can to support them with careers advice to ensure that more take up STEM subjects in particular.
I call the shadow Minister.
Increasing the take-up of higher technical qualifications is desperately needed, with low take-up leading to persistent skills gaps and holding back economic growth.