Friend visit XYZ to learn more from this innovative small business that could be adopted more widely across the country?
I would be delighted to visit XYZ.
Music in schools is a personal passion for me; I want to see more of it and a better quality of it.
In 2021, we published the model music curriculum, which is designed to help primary and secondary schools to improve their music education.
It took two years to produce and was written by a panel of music education practitioners, including Ed Watkins, head of music at the West London Free School, and Julian Lloyd Webber; the panel was chaired by Baroness Fleet.
I would love to discuss that curriculum and learn more about XYZ.
What steps she is taking to improve school buildings.
Well-maintained school buildings are a priority for this Government, and we will spend whatever it takes to keep children and staff safe.
We have allocated £1.8 billion in 2023-24—£15 billion  since 2015—to improve the condition of school buildings, and we are working to address reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete.
We are transforming hundreds of schools across the country through our school rebuilding programme.
The excellent Lakes School at Troutbeck Bridge serves the communities of Windermere and Ambleside and those further afield with 11-to-18 education, but it is widely acknowledged that the school needs a full rebuild because the buildings are well beyond their sell-by date.
Because of the unique history of the site, on which I am happy to brief the Minister separately, it is very likely that we will have significant charitable and private funds to help towards a rebuild, as long as there is some Government support as well.
Will he agree to meet me and the school leaders to talk about how we can make sure that a brilliant school has a bright future?
Absolutely; I will be delighted to meet the hon.
Gentleman.
We want all our schools, including excellent schools such as the Lakes School in the Lake district, to have the best-quality school buildings.
That is our priority, and I will be delighted to meet him and teachers at the school to discuss how to make it happen in his constituency.
This Conservative Government will fund a new school to replace the flood-prone Tipton St John primary school.
However, that can happen only once a suitable alternative site is found.
Will my right hon.
Friend do everything possible to speed up the process so that pupils have a safe new school as soon as possible?
We are working actively with the diocese of Exeter and with Devon County Council to identify suitable sites for the school.
Site appraisals are due to be completed by the end of this year.
Once a site is identified, we will work with the diocese and the council to expedite the acquisition of the site.
I fully understand and share my hon.
Friend’s desire for urgency in this matter.
I call the shadow Minister.
Last week, the Government added another 41 schools and colleges to the RAAC list, bringing the total to 214.
The Education Secretary claims that children prefer to learn in portacabins, but it is far from a joke when some are still waiting for temporary classrooms, studying from home or in cramped sports halls and dining rooms.
Can the Minister confirm the total number of pupils who are already impacted and are expected to be impacted by this chaos?
When will all children receive undisrupted face-to-face learning?
Surely that is the minimum that a parent can expect for their child.
I congratulate the hon.
Lady on her first Education questions and her appointment as shadow Schools Minister, although this is not our first exchange since her appointment.
She is right: there are 214 schools and colleges with confirmed RAAC, which is an increase from the 173 we announced in September.