I know that my hon.
Friend has raised the matter in correspondence with the Department, which the Under-Secretary of State, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wantage (David Johnston) , recently addressed.
I hope that her constituent is now safely settling in at her new college, but the Schools Minister and I will absolutely look at this again.
I call Emma Hardy—not here.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of the number of apprenticeship starts in the 2022-23 academic year.
There were more than 335,000 starts in the 2022-23 academic year and more people undertaking high-level apprenticeships, with starts at level 4 and above increasing by 7%.
Those are provisional figures; further figures will be set out in November.
We are increasing investment in apprenticeships to £2.7 billion by 2024-25.
I thank the Minister for that answer, but given the decline in level 2 and 3 apprenticeship starts, might it be an idea to consider the views of leading industry experts who are calling for the ringfencing of apprenticeships for 16 to 18-year-olds?
I say to the hon.
Gentleman, whom I respect enormously, that 70% of apprentices are at level 2 or 3.
I hoped that he would be getting up to celebrate the 10,130 apprenticeship starts in Birmingham, Selly Oak since May 2010.
What steps she is taking to help ensure the availability of high-quality childcare.
We are investing over £4.1 billion to expand the current free childcare entitlement offer to eligible working parents of children aged nine to 36 months.
We are also increasing the hourly rates for childcare providers for the existing entitlements, and funding rates will be confirmed in the autumn.
The Government’s proposals will lead to thousands more families expecting to access childcare, so we might expect to see more childcare opening.
However, in the past year some 600 nurseries have already closed, and in my constituency of Walthamstow there are now three children chasing every childcare place.
Why does the Minister think that is the case, what will he do about it, and how will we ensure that in April parents who are not already accessing childcare can do so?
Part of the reason why we are staggering the entitlement is to ensure that we have the staff in place to deliver it.
In the next few weeks we will announce changes to the processes for recruiting people.
We will launch a big campaign of recruitment in the new year to increase the workforce, and I have every confidence that we will meet the commitment.
What recent assessment she has made of the adequacy of funding for special needs education.
Higher needs funding for children and young people with complex needs is increasing by a further £440 million next year, bringing the total higher needs budget to £10.5 billion in 2024-25—60% higher than it was in 2019-20.
I am grateful to the Minister for that response, and I heard the earlier responses, but there is a shortage of places in special needs schools—special schools for children who need those places.
Will he carry out a national assessment of the number of places that are available in special schools against the number of places that are needed, because it is resulting in some children having to attend mainstream schools when actually they should be in special schools?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
We have approved the opening of 78 special schools, and this year we collected new data from local authorities on their capacity and demand forecast for special schools.
That will help us to support them more effectively to fulfil their duty to provide sufficient places.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Mr Speaker, I stand with this House in condemning the barbaric terrorist attacks on Israel.
The brutal actions of Hamas have sent shockwaves that have reverberated all the way to our shores.