738, c. 7MC.]
Before we begin today’s proceedings, I would like to draw the House’s attention to the new shield commemorating our late colleague Sir David Amess, which was unveiled earlier today at a small gathering of his family.
Sir David was a dedicated constituency MP and a powerful advocate for Southend-on-Sea, which was granted city status last year in his honour.
He was a committed campaigner for the causes he believed in—most notably, animal welfare—and a highly respected and valued colleague, known to Members in all parts of the House for his kindness, his generosity and, of course, his friendship to all.
He is sorely missed.
Hear, hear.
The following Members made and subscribed the Affirmation required by law:
Sarah Siena Edwards, Tamworth.
Alistair Luke Strathern, Mid Bedfordshire.
Ordered,
That the promoters of the City of London (Markets) Bill, which was originally introduced in this House in this Session on  30 January 2023 , should have leave to suspend any further proceedings on the Bill from the day on which the current Session ends in order to proceed with it, if they think fit, in the next Session of Parliament, according to the provisions of Private Business Standing Order 188A (Suspension of bills).—(The Chairman of Ways and Means.)
Ordered,
That the promoters of the Bishop’s Stortford Cemetery Bill [Lords], which was originally introduced in the House of Lords in this Session on  23 January 2023 , should have leave to suspend any further proceedings on the Bill from the day on which the current session ends in order to proceed with it, if they think fit, in the next Session of Parliament according to the provisions of Private Business Standing Order 188A (Suspension of bills).—(The Chairman of Ways and Means.)
Thank you, Chairman of Ways and Means; that was very effective.
May I say, I would expect nothing less?
The Secretary of State was asked—
What progress her Department has made on ensuring equality of school funding through the national funding formula.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of core school funding for the 2023-24 academic year.
The Government introduced fairness into school funding.
Under Labour, we got disproportionately inflated school budgets in places such as London, while constituencies such as mine were underfunded for over a decade.
It was the Conservatives who introduced the national funding formula, which funds schools fairly, objectively and, most importantly, based on the needs of pupils, not political ideology.
Not only that: this year, school budgets are up by over £3.9 billion, and next year schools will be funded at their highest level in history, at £59.6 billion.
My right hon.
Friend will be aware that Worcestershire County Council languishes among the weakest 10 local authorities for funding per pupil.
As a result, a lot of pressure has been put on other budgets, including the high needs and special educational needs and disabilities budget.
Worcestershire now faces a deficit of more than £20 million in those budgets.
Can she do something to help counties such as Worcestershire to meet those important demands for our young people?
I am conscious of the pressures that many local authorities have faced on their high needs budgets.
Nationally, high needs funding is set to increase by 60% between 2019-20 and 2024-25.
Next year, Worcestershire will receive more than £89 million for its high needs budget.
The Department is also supporting individual local authorities to tackle financial sustainability through two programmes: the Safety Valve programme for those with the highest deficits, and Delivering Better Value in SEND, which will help local authorities, including Worcestershire, to develop plans to reform their systems to reach a sustainable footing.
The recent accounting error by the Secretary of State’s Department will mean a cut of more than £2.5 million for schools in Bristol.
That money could have been spent on breakfast clubs, SEND provision, mental health support, or even such basics as paying the energy bills.