It will also mean challenging actions that undercut legitimate aspirations for Palestinian statehood.
Mr Speaker, Hamas care more about their paymasters in Iran than the children they hide behind.
So let me be clear: there is no scenario where Hamas can be allowed to control Gaza or any part of the Palestinian territories.
Hamas is a threat not only to Israel, but to many others across the region.
All the leaders I met agree that this is a watershed moment.
It is time to set the region on a better path.
I also want to say a word about the tone of the debate.
When things are so delicate, we all have a responsibility to take additional care in the language we use, and to operate on the basis of facts alone.
The reaction to the horrific explosion at the Al-Ahli Arab Hospital was a case in point.
As I indicated last week, we have taken care to look at all the evidence currently available, and I can now share our assessment with the House.
On the basis of the deep knowledge and analysis of our intelligence and weapons experts, the British Government judge that the explosion was likely caused by a missile, or part of one, that was launched from within Gaza towards Israel.
The misreporting of that incident had a negative effect in the region, including on a vital US diplomatic effort, and on tensions here at home.
We need to learn the lessons and ensure that in future there is no rush to judgment.
We have seen hate on our streets again this weekend.
We all stand in solidarity with the Palestinian people—that is the message I brought to President Abbas—but we will never tolerate antisemitism in our country.
Calls for jihad on our streets are a threat not only to the Jewish  community but to our democratic values, and we expect the police to take all necessary action to tackle extremism head on.
This a moment for great care and caution, but also for moral clarity.
Hope and humanity must win out against the scourge of terrorism and aggression.
The  7 October  attack was driven by hatred, but it was also driven by Hamas’s fear that a new equilibrium might be emerging in the middle east, one that would leave old divisions behind and offer hope of a better, more secure, more prosperous way forward.
It is the same motivation that drives Putin’s war in Ukraine—the fear of Ukraine’s emergence as a modern, thriving democracy, and the desire to pull it back into some imperialist fantasy of the past.
Putin will fail, and so will Hamas.
We must keep alive that vision of a better future, against those who seek to destroy it.
Together with our partners, that is what we will do, and I commend this statement to the House.
I call the Leader of the Opposition.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, and I thank the Prime Minister for the advance copy of his statement.
The brutal attack in Israel just over two weeks ago was the darkest day in Jewish history since the holocaust—two weeks of grief for the innocent people who lost brothers, sisters, children; two weeks of torture for the families whose loved ones were taken hostage by Hamas.
There was a small glimmer of light this weekend with the release of two American hostages, Natalie and Judith Raanan.
I met members of their family last week, and I know that they will be overcome with relief.
But Hamas still hold hundreds more—sons, daughters, mums, dads are still missing.
They are innocent people who could, if Hamas willed it, be released immediately.
But they remain hostage because Hamas want the chaos of war.
Hamas want Jews to suffer.
Hamas want the Palestinian people to share in the pain, because the Palestinian people are not their cause, and peace is not their aim.
The dignity of human life—Jew or Muslim—means absolutely nothing to them.