The invitation to comment seems to have met with resistance from the risk-averse industry, which in my view is based on penalising the minnows while protecting the giants, so inertia reigns and progress is slow.
I hope that small changes such as those proposed today to make for fairer competition will be the forerunner of larger reforms, such as a new framework for small domestic deposit takers that will enable the financial services sector to embrace change for the benefit of the most marginalised and under-served communities and businesses.
I am pleased to follow my hon.
Friend  the Member for Stoke-on-Trent Central (Jo Gideon) , who made an excellent case for the importance of both the local aspect of building societies and the way in which they help people in her community, and other people in deprived communities who need to get on to the housing ladder.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Sunderland Central (Julie Elliott)  on her good fortune in securing the top slot in the ballot, which is like winning the lottery for us parliamentarians on the Back Benches.
Her choice of Bill is a tribute to the seriousness with which she has taken that good fortune and that responsibility.
The Bill is important to my constituents in Dover and Deal and the local villages, and it will have an impact on the whole country, which really matters.
I strongly welcome the Bill’s aims: to begin to level the playing field between banks and building societies by updating the funding rules for building societies—which will enable them, as we have heard, to raise additional capital, and will open up competition for the benefit of customers in the mortgage and savings markets while retaining that critical mutual model, and without reducing financial stability—and also to modernise arrangements for meetings and the execution of deeds.
I am a proud member of Principality building society.
I served for six years as a main board director and chaired the group risk committee.
I have a passion for the importance of mutuals in general and building societies in particular.
We have heard of other mutuals and other not-for-profit organisations such as housing associations, and I agree with what was said by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Mid Norfolk (George Freeman) , but building societies are vital in having purpose as well as, for instance, providing funds.
During my time at Principality I faced an annual re-election to the board at the annual general meeting, as did every other board director, including the chief executive.
Every year now, as a member of the building society, if I am unable to attend the AGM in person I can vote electronically.
That annual act of receiving and responding to the AGM papers connects me directly and personally to my building society.
I enjoy looking at the papers and considering the performance and the objectives of the society, and reading about the current board members.
Let me turn first to the Bill’s proposal to allow members to attend and speak at AGMs remotely, as well as to vote.
Hybrid and, indeed, virtual-only meetings have become more common since covid.
It will be important to consider how a decision to use hybrid arrangements will be made, and who will make it.
For example, will members be consulted?
Will it be the sole decision of the chief executive, or will it be a decision for the whole board?
It will be important to ensure that a decision to proceed with virtual arrangements does not diminish effective participation, and that the decision is not made for other reasons, such as to cut costs or to hold an AGM somewhere more difficult for members to get to, on the basis that they can participate virtually.
This particularly matters because, as the House has recognised, physical attendance has a special value.