My hon.
Friend makes an excellent point and encourages me to wrap up my philosophising.
He is right—I am not at all anti-profit; it is about what is done with the profit.
One of the geniuses of mutuality is that the profit is recycled back in to pursue the interests of those who put in the capital in the first place.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for giving way again—I must not keep trespassing on the House’s time, because I have a Bill coming up later.
Does he agree that if we look at pension funds and the possibilities of extending that sort of approach into social care, there would be a lot in the idea of mutuality?
Also, on the point about profit, if those funds were invested in national goods, such as important national infrastructure and things of that sort, we could all benefit, but of course it has a financial aspect to it as well.
Again, my right hon.
and learned Friend makes the point even more eloquently than I was trying to do, and he is right.
I make this point in all seriousness: in so many areas, such as infrastructure, as he says, I dream of a world in which people can put their own savings into mutual vehicles.
I would love people to be able to invest in the Cambridge-Norwich railway development corporation to fund the regeneration of neglected stations, or to create and fund investment vehicles.
There is a whole wealth of instruments, vehicles and bodies rooted in that fertile period of 18th and 19th-century English capitalism, and Scottish capitalism, too—the enlightenment in Edinburgh was a big part of it.
We could draw on those models better in pursuit of many of our public sector objectives.
As I wrap up, I will return to the more mundane and practical issues.
This is an important Bill for updating the law and giving building societies a chance to get back to where they were in the early ’90s.
They were responsible for something like 60% of the market; they have dropped down to 20%.
We want to help building societies compete and get back to providing their core service to help those who want to save in building  societies, not banks, and first-time buyers who, particularly in my part of the world in Norfolk, do not have high salaries and are looking for a safe and reliable local building society that could hopefully help them acquire a local house built for them, rather than for commuters moving into Norfolk.
We need to think about the people who are driving public services and the rural economy.
For first-time buyers, this is an important measure.
As the hon.
Member for Sunderland Central said in introducing the Bill, increasing lending capacity is in itself a huge step forward.
I think the figure is £10 billion of extra lending capacity, which will allow the provision of another 20,000 mortgages.
That is hugely important, particularly for first-time buyers.
I conclude by genuinely congratulating and thanking the hon.
Lady for bringing the Bill forward, the Government for working with her and us on it, and all those who have helped.
The Bill strikes a small but important blow and sends a key signal that building societies are back.
We want to support and help them as part of a broader commitment to civic, small, local-platoon connected capital that can help people in communities up and down this country to save and withdraw money in the way they need, which will support the local economies on which the national economy is built.
I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Sunderland Central (Julie Elliott)  on bringing forward this important Bill.
As has been said, she has support across the House.
It is with some trepidation that I follow my hon.