Member for Sunderland Central (Julie Elliott)  on bringing forward this important Bill.
As has been said, she has support across the House.
It is with some trepidation that I follow my hon.
Friend  the Member for Mid Norfolk (George Freeman) : he has taken the debate into a much wider context, as I also intended to do, although from an urban and community banking perspective.
He is absolutely right about the importance of civic activity and community-based financial services, and the Bill goes a little way towards triggering that by bringing about a level playing field between building societies and banks so that they can compete more fairly.
The Bill will support building societies to do more lending in a safe and secure way, and it is welcomed by many, as the hon.
Member for Sunderland Central said, including the Building Societies Association.
It is a great starting point, but the economic landscape continues to change and building societies need the opportunity to remain competitive, so secondary legislation will be required to ensure that changes to regulations for other financial service providers are matched by updating the framework for building societies.
The Government consulted on similar changes in 2022, and the Bill largely mirrors the proposals from the consultation, which were welcomed by the industry.
There are some modest but fundamental changes in the Bill that are really important.
Building societies were founded to help working people to own a home of their own, and their mutual status means that their sole purpose is to serve their customers.
They direct a greater proportion of their lending to first-time buyers than banks do, but they are constrained by archaic legislation unfit for today’s economy.
Without this small but important piece of legislation, the competitive playing field in lending is not as level as it could or should be.
Under the Building Societies Act 1986, building societies are subject to funding limits that their high street banking competitors are not.
Those limits require at least half their funding to come from savings deposits made by retail savers.
In areas such as Stoke-on-Trent, both the average savings and the number of savers are lower than in more affluent areas, and consequently smaller local building societies are restricted in the numbers of mortgages they can offer, even though they are needed.
The proposed changes to the 1986 Act will not alter the funding limit but, as the hon.
Lady outlined, they will remove certain key impediments, thereby enabling building societies to lend more and ensuring that more mortgage loans are available to UK homebuyers at competitive rates, and, crucially, to first-time buyers, who are the lifeblood of the housing market, as well as those further up the ladder.
Indeed, the Bill seeks to unlock billions of pounds of extra lending for first-time buyers and homeowners.
It is estimated that for every £10 billion of new lending capacity that is unlocked there is the potential to support an additional 20,000 average first-time buyers.
Risk needs to be managed, but smaller building societies in particular should not be tarred with the same brush as high street banks.
Regulation needs to be simplified and made easier for them, because within their customer base they cater for a group of people who are on the edge of mainstream banking.
If local building societies did not exist, some people would be entirely disenfranchised by banking, so their mission is a social one as much as a financial one.
The banking sector has essentially become a risk management business.
As building societies grow, they manage more risk and the regulators are not keen to take that on.
Although the inertia that creates is understandable, it makes it incredibly difficult to change the system.
One particular issue on which I have campaigned for some time is the one-size-fits-all regulation that burdens smaller lenders and stifles innovation in the banking and non-banking financial sector.