It is something very special and very different.
That difference means engagement, connection and participation with members.
That is at the heart—in the very DNA—of what it means to be a building society.
The experience of companies has not always been to the benefit of shareholder participation.
Indeed, in 2022 the Financial Reporting Council issued guidance for best practice in remote corporate meetings, with a particular focus on annual general meetings.
The guidance provides helpful insights into the sorts of issues that may be beneficial for securing effective hybrid participation, including ensuring that virtual moderation is transparent, that any character limit for text questions is reasonable, and that there is fair representation between questions asked virtually and in person.
If building societies choose to exercise that virtual opportunity, it will be important that they do so in line with similar best practice and their core values.
They must never miss the wisdom and accountability that come from building society members such as Mrs Jones.
Clause 3 is a long-overdue amendment to align the execution of documents for building societies with that of companies.
It will be heartily welcomed by company secretaries and lawyers alike.
I must say, as a former transactional lawyer in banking and finance, that ensuring that the right authorities are in place, that the right people under those authorities sign the documents, and that the documents are completed in the right way, could not be more important.
They are not legal unless that happens.
As we consign those heavy seals to legal history, I look forward to them re-emerging in their new life as doorstops and bookends.
Let me turn to clause 1 on the funding structures of building societies.
Building societies support a great number of our constituents, as we have heard.
There are around 26 million customers of the 42 building societies, ably represented by the Building Societies Association.
Some of those building societies are large and very familiar household names, such as Nationwide, while some are less well known nationally.
Many have geographical names, such as Leeds Building Society, Coventry Building Society, the Principality, the West Brom and many others.
That local aspect is key to understanding what makes building societies so special.
They are not just mutual; they are rooted firmly in and for communities.
The funding structure with which building societies began, which has evolved—and the further evolution of which we are debating today—was not that of a bank.
The description of their history has been set out fully and ably by the hon.
Member for Sunderland Central.
The clue, of course, is in the name: the building society.
They were clubs of ordinary people who came together for a purpose: to get a home of their own.
What an extraordinary and wonderful purpose.
How very relevant that is today, as it ever was.
The whole House knows that we are not building enough homes, and that the rental market is in dire need of urgent reform and, indeed, of reduction in favour of home ownership and affordable rented housing.
Surely we must be due a revival of co-operative, mutual housing delivery that promotes and enables the funding and building of homes just like those early building societies.
That may be something to consider further in Committee.
The Bill has secured cross-party support.
In that spirit, I echo the words of the first Labour Prime Minister, Ramsay MacDonald, who said that no movement of co-operative self-help is more worthy of support than that of the building societies.
He said:
“A house should be an expression of a personality, and wherever it is possible it ought to be owned, not merely rented.
Would that every workman could own his own house, just as he owns his clothes.”
Those words resonate through the decades.
As we have heard, it is on the Conservative Benches that there has been a long-standing commitment to mutuality.