I would argue that all parties in Government over the past 40 years have slightly forgotten that that needs to be championed.
We have seen the rise and the domination of big capital, big banks and big disconnected capitalism.
I am here today as a card-carrying supporter of the mutuality model and civic capitalism.
I think both main parties have that in common in their different traditions and history.
On rural banking and finance, in Mid Norfolk we have five towns and 114 villages.
We are not quite halfway between Cambridge and Norwich.
Traditionally, it has been something of a rural backwater.
It is an agricultural community, with many retirees and pensioners moving to quiet rural Norfolk.
It is a real challenge to ensure that our villages remain vibrant and our towns remain thriving.
The model of development over the past 40 years has been over-focused on commuter housing.
People drive their cars to Norwich and Cambridge during the day, and that sucks the life out of many of our villages.
The rise of online commerce and digital retail has also taken quite a lot of the life out of many of our towns, and our high streets are struggling to remain vibrant.
The Government’s moves to reduce business rates has helped, but the pandemic and the cost of energy crisis, coming off the back of the Ukraine war, has hit rural areas disproportionately hard.
That is a theme I will be picking up in the coming months in this House in the run-up to the Budget.
Everyone has been hit by the cost of energy increase of course, but in rural areas there is a double triple whammy.
Every member of staff in a company has to drive.
Most of my relatively low-paid working families have one, two or three cars.
They are not a luxury; they need them to be able to get to work.
All our public services are hit—our bus services and our county council services—all across rural areas.
We are paying a double whammy because of an over-dependency on transport and heating.
That huge rural impact is hitting remote backwater rural areas very hard, particularly in my part of Norfolk.
In that context, it is urgent that we encourage the revival of the rural economy.
I have long believed and campaigned locally that, with a slightly different approach to planning and development in our area, we could trigger something of a rural renaissance, with many small businesses popping up off the back of the Cambridge phenomenon and the Norwich Research Park.
Small businesses often start off by working from home or looking for converted farm units; they are not in the city centre, but distributed.
If we can get more businesses back into villages and small towns, we will have more people of working age in communities during the day.
That will reduce congestion and commuting.
The model of a vibrant rural economy is key to so many of the priorities of successive Governments.
We will never get to net zero if we keep shovelling people into cars and making them commute long distances in congested traffic jams.
The more we can get people to work from home or nearer to home, travelling when they need to during the day and not in peak hours, the better.
That vision of rural renaissance is key, but it will never happen if young people cannot afford to buy a house near to where they work, if thriving businesses on the high street are unable to cash-up, save and deposit cash safely, and if pensioners are unable to save, take out their deposits and interact with banking in the way they have for the past 50 or 60 years.
We need to ensure that we build an economy for the people who live there.
That is what my campaign, The Norfolk Way, is all about.
It is a project to promote that vision of rural growth.