I am asking for an assessment of current policies and the likely effect of some additional support on both parents and children, and I am asking the Government to consult parents, healthcare professionals, charities and others offering support.
Although It’s Never You is the focus of what Ceri and Frances are doing, I have also heard from other charities, such as Together for Short Lives, which talks about the huge financial strain on families of having a child in hospital, and Young Lives vs Cancer.
That charity wanted me to raise one particular issue: the NHS does offer a healthcare travel cost support scheme, but apparently the operation of that scheme is not very helpful.
It is ponderous and does not deliver the money quickly enough.
Perhaps that is something the report could look into.
I hope it will also be possible for a meeting to take place between the Minister and Mr and Mrs Menai-Davis, so that they can explain what they hope to get from the process.
The Bill would not cost a great deal, as there are so few cases, but it would mean that in tragic circumstances all parents could concentrate on helping  their children rather than worrying about money.
In a way, the Bill is also about Ceri Menai-Davis and his wife Frances being able to help other parents who find themselves in the situation they found themselves in.
The report is likely to touch on some of the other issues that families have taken up with Ministers and that I have raised in my remarks, and I hope it will inform a holistic approach to improving care for young cancer patients and their parents.
It would be a legacy for Hugh—we could call it “Hugh’s report”.
Mr Deputy Speaker (Sir Roger Gale): I call the Opposition Front Bencher.
Vicky Foxcroft (Lewisham, Deptford) (Lab): I congratulate  the right hon.
and learned Member for North East Hertfordshire (Sir Oliver Heald)  on putting forward such articulate arguments.
I hope he will not mistake my brevity for not being absolutely serious, but I am certain that he wants to hear from the Minister, as do the families in the Gallery.
As such, I will leave my remarks there—I am happy to share the notes that I had prepared if the right hon.
and learned Member would like them.
Labour will support the Bill.
The Minister for Employment (Jo Churchill): I thank  the hon.
Member for Lewisham, Deptford (Vicky Foxcroft) , and thank and congratulate my right hon.
and learned Friend  the Member for North East Hertfordshire (Sir Oliver Heald)  for bringing this important issue to the Floor of the House.
I know, as he has explained today and in previous conversations with me, that when Ceri and Frances contacted him after the tragic loss of their son Hugh to a rare cancer at the tender age of six, he was motivated to see how he could help to ensure that parents are supported at such a difficult time.
I know that I speak for everyone in this place when I say that our hearts go out to them.
I was moved when I read my right hon.
and learned Friend’s speech from last September, and again today.
I understood personally the disbelief behind the words of Frances and the name she has given to their charity to help parents of very ill children who are in hospital for extended periods: It’s Never You.
The challenge is that sometimes it is.
The purpose behind the Bill is to enable research and produce a report on both the emotional and tangible support that is available and that which is needed—like the support that the charity is giving, but looking at things in a more joined-up way to work better and more effectively for parents during such difficult times.
I stand here as somebody who has had cancer more than once.
You do not choose it: it chooses you.