I know that it is charities such as It’s Never You that most often help parents to access practical support and connect with other families who are going through comparable experiences, gain moral support and love from each other, and share ways to overcome issues and stop the pain of thinking that they are the only ones.
I know that nothing stops the lying awake at night, watching the clock tick through the hours and hoping for miracles, but we want to help families who are going through such difficult times.
I commit from the Dispatch Box to working closely with my right hon.
and learned Friend the Member for North East Hertfordshire on this important issue.
In particular, we are committing to establishing a stakeholder forum to consult parents whose children have received care in hospital for an extended period, and with healthcare professionals, charities, civil society and organisations that offer related support.
We want to hear about people’s experiences, understand their concerns and listen to ideas and suggestions, and then develop a set of potential proposals based on the feedback.
I suggest that a meeting with my office be arranged at the earliest opportunity so that Ceri and Frances’s knowledge can help to drive and determine who will be key to that consultation.
I will personally ensure that the forum is established in a timely manner and that it progresses quicker than a legislative route would allow.
To that end, I suggest to my right hon.
and learned Friend that he withdraws the Bill, that we begin discussions now, and, in Ceri’s words, that there is purpose to the pain.
Mr Deputy Speaker (Sir Roger Gale): With the leave of the House, I call Sir Oliver Heald to wind up.
Sir Oliver Heald: I am delighted by the response, which basically gives me what I asked for in the Bill.
Of course, if the Bill went through all stages in this House and the Lords, it would take many months before we could start the process.
I think my hon.
Friend the Minister said that she hopes to meet the six-month period for the report at the end.
On that basis, I am delighted go forward with her proposal, which short-circuits the process.
I beg to ask leave to withdraw the motion.
Motion and Bill, by leave, withdrawn.
Motion made, That the Bill be now read a Second time.
Hon.
Members: Object.
Bill to be read a Second time on  Friday 23 February .
Motion made, That the Bill be now read a Second time.
Hon.
Members: Object.
Bill to be read a Second time on  Friday 26 January .
Motion made, That the Bill be now read a Second time.
Hon.
Members: Object.
Bill to be read a Second time on  Friday 1 March .
Motion made, and Question proposed, That this House do now adjourn.—(Joy Morrissey.)
Stella Creasy (Walthamstow) (Lab/Co-op): The Government intend to introduce a charge of £40 a time to import things from the EU into the UK from April.
That might come as a surprise to many businesses, because they do not know about it, and most of our constituents likely do not.
I think that is because the Government are not even sure that they want to do it.
Today, I hope to get some answers about the border operating model on behalf of all those who will pay the price if it actually happens—namely, the British public.
Brexit is the gift that keeps giving.
Like contracting recurrent food poisoning, we think we have seen the worst of it only to feel that sick feeling in our stomach again.
Pints of wine and blue passports cannot make up for the inflationary impact of this latest dose of extra paperwork and delay.
For the avoidance of doubt, we have left the European Union.
The Government cannot make Brexit work, and it is causing problems to millions of people every day.