Although this may be caused by the closure of bank branches in the main, it shows a commitment to keep branches open by building societies, on which so many of my constituents rely.
That face-to-face engagement, personal support and visibility is so important to many people.
Branches are so much more accessible to those who have specific needs, especially in the digital age, where those with internet access often have the best opportunities and access to the best deals.
The original purpose of building societies embodies the famous phrase in clause 4 of the Labour party’s constitution, that
“by the strength of our common endeavour we achieve more than we achieve alone”,
with communities coming together to support each other and provide a strong and secure economic foundation for their collective futures.
Families in Sunderland and across the country are struggling to find a secure home.
Research by the Resolution Foundation shows that 80% of 25 to 34-year-olds would prefer to buy their own home than to rent.
Home ownership is something many strive for, to provide financial security and ultimately to turn a house into a home.
My Bill aims to support them in doing just that.
As I have said, it is quite clear that there is a housing crisis in this country, for homeowners and renters.
We must at this point consider the damage done by the previous Prime Minister and her Chancellor, and the economic damage caused by her Government to the country, especially people with mortgages.
I believe we also need reform in the rental sector to sort this out.
The system is broken and is not working for people.
The Bill will go some way towards making the housing ownership landscape easier for all.
I support the Bill, as I hope do Members across all parties.
It is good to see something that will, hopefully, strengthen the principle of mutuality.
Does the hon.
Lady agree that is an important principle to retain, and is she confident that her Bill will do that?
Will it lead to a situation in which there is less desire among building societies to become banks?
I agree.
Building societies were certainly part of my life when I was growing up.
I got my first mortgage with a building society—a very long time ago, because I am getting old.
The principle of mutuality is really important and does set building societies apart from banks.
They are a very different model and serve communities in a much closer way than banks do.
By introducing welcome flexibility to a sector that does so much for first-time buyers and others, the Bill, although it does not directly provide provision for the building of homes or assure the retail customer of any extended product lines, does provide more room for the sector to work in, given that its use of finance is different from that of banks as it lends significant amounts of money to first-time buyers.
The building society sector is made up of 42 separate building societies and currently has almost 26 million members.
It holds over £352 billion of mortgage assets and £313 billion of savings from individuals.
It is not a small sector, but it is a sector that can grow.
Building societies face significant challenges.
The Bill has the potential to unlock billions of pounds in additional lending capacity for them.
It is estimated that for every £10 billion of new lending capacity, the sector could support an additional 20,000 mortgages.
As we know, over half of building society lending goes to first-time buyers, so the potential impact of the Bill is huge.
Since 2020, building societies in the north-east and Cumbria have lent £3.4 billion to first-time buyers.
In the first nine months of last year, they supported nearly 4,000 first-time buyers—4,000 people who last year started their journey of home ownership, with all the financial security and benefits that brings.