I very much commend the excellent history of those building societies in The Dover Historian—produced by local historian Lorraine Sencicle—as an excellent insight into the development and role of people and places for the benefit of providing housing.
Let me turn to today’s changes and the matter of levelling the playing field.
The banking market dominates the mortgage markets but that was not always the case.
As recently as the early 1980s, building societies held the dominant position in the mortgage market.
Liberalisation of the banking market during the 1980s created a massive change in participation in the mortgage market by the banks and increased mortgage fund availability.
But now a small number of players dominate the market.
Lloyds Banking Group is the biggest mortgage lender by outstanding balances in 2022; it has a 19% market share of mortgages, which is nearly one in five mortgages across the country.
The net effect of the changes was a near-reversal of the position of dominance of the building societies and that was a result of the financial market liberalisations and changes in legislation and regulation.
That is to the detriment of competition, price and availability for customers.
The Bill will go some way to levelling the playing field between building societies and banks but there is more to do.
Let us consider a responsibly run financial entity like Principality with its approval for running its own internal risk ratings basis.
That means it is able to use its internal models to determine the risk rate assets and can decide, on the basis of these highly technical professional models, how much capital it needs to cover its risk.
It can do that; it does not need to follow the standard one-size-fits-all for other organisations.
This is a tough regulatory hurdle requiring detailed and extensive engagement with the PRA and the Bank of England, and I can say at first hand that it is a tough threshold requiring forensic and detailed work because I made it one of my key priorities to help secure that approval when I chaired the group risk committee at Principality.
It is taken very seriously and only responsibly run financial entities with very good technical and risk management are allowed to do that.
We should compare that with other banks such as Metro Bank, which has been a failing bank due to poor financial controls and inadequate systems, including a serious accounting scandal.
Time and again Metro has been on the financial brink so no wonder it has been rejected for its AIRB—advanced internal rating-based—approval.
For too long successive Governments have not backed our established responsible building sector movement and instead have favoured failing or second-rate challenger banks.
I hope this matter will be explored further in Committee, but I also hope the Minister will reflect further on it.
Turning to deposit funding, the context of clause 1 is that building societies must fund 50% of their funds from customer deposits—in other words, from customer savings accounts.
As we have heard, the Bill does not change the percentage but does propose to change the calculation for three funding types.
This will enable building societies to go further towards the 50% threshold than currently; it will give them greater flexibility and allow them to better manage their funding streams and the price and availability of products in the interests of both the customer and competition.
However, the current dominant deposit funding approach to customer savings that applies to building societies still puts building societies at a disadvantage to banks in other ways that are not fully taken into account.
The Financial Services Compensation Scheme operates on the basis of size of deposits rather than size of the risk.
That disadvantages building societies because they are financed largely by their deposits while the banks are financed largely by their wholesale markets.