The First Deputy Chairman of Ways and Means took the Chair as Deputy Speaker ( Standing Order No.
3 ).
I beg to move, That the House sit in private.
Question put forthwith ( Standing Order No.
163 ) and negatived.
Second Reading
I beg to move, That the Bill be now read a Second time.
It was a privilege to come out at the top of the private Member’s Bill ballot for this parliamentary Session.
It is a ballot I have entered at every opportunity since I was first elected in 2010, so it was great to be drawn, but to be drawn first is a huge responsibility.
I was on my way to get the train to my constituency in Sunderland, and when I got off the tube at King’s Cross, my phone had dozens of messages.
My immediate reaction was that the Government must have called a general election, but no—that is something else we can look forward to in the year ahead.
I had, in fact, been drawn at the top of the ballot.
I am delighted to be here in the Chamber to present a Bill that will make important and long-awaited amendments to the Building Societies Act 1986.
It is a Bill that the sector wants; a Bill that is true to Labour and Co-operative values; and, importantly, a Bill that has received Government support.
Although it will not solve all of the issues in the broken housing market, it could free up and make available more money to lend in mortgages, and because building societies lend more in percentage terms to first-time buyers, it should enable more first-time buyers to get on to the housing ladder.
Clearly, there also needs to be wholesale reform of the rental market, in order to address the housing crisis that we have in this country today.
I must take this opportunity to thank everyone who contacted me about issues and with proposals for potential Bills.
I would have happily taken many of them forward, but I could choose only one Bill.
However, I feel that the Bill I have chosen can make a real difference to people’s lives, especially young people’s lives.
I hope it will support first-time buyers and more community-based banking, in the interests of working people.
The entire point of building societies was to compete with banks on a truly level playing field—they were founded to enable working people to own their own home.
That is why this Bill is so important.
As my hon.
Friend says, it will expand that ownership, particularly to young people and first-time buyers.
Does she agree that not only should we absolutely be doing this, but it should already have been done?
I absolutely agree, but the bureaucracy of Government sometimes gets in the way of things happening.
The Bill will help level the playing field, enabling building societies to compete more fairly with banks.
It will support them to lend more money in a safe and secure way.
Over half of building society lending—55%—goes to first-time buyers.
Crucially, as the building society sector directs a greater proportion of lending to first-time buyers than banks do—there is a theme here—that will benefit more people looking to get on to the housing ladder.
Modernisation of building society legislation is long overdue.
There are some archaic requirements about the way building societies fund themselves that put them at a competitive disadvantage compared with banks.
Competition in banking is good for consumers, and given that building societies drive innovation, particularly in supporting first-time buyers, strengthening the sector is a great route to supporting aspiration across the UK at the same time as supporting a sector that works co-operatively and mutually.
Building societies work for the benefit of their members up and down the country, engaging in a system of co-operative banking for mutual benefit, not for profit.