It amends the 1986 Act to explicitly allow the option of real-time virtual member participation in building society meetings.
The change presented in the Bill aligns the sector with modernisations made to company law by section 360A of the Companies Act 2006.
It will allow virtual attendance and voting as part of hybrid meetings, making it clear that nothing in the 1986 Act precludes this.
Allowing hybrid meetings will improve accessibility and will hopefully allow engagement from members who cannot currently travel to meetings, enabling a broader cross-section of members to participate.
Clause 3 is another modernising clause.
In simple terms, it will enable the Treasury to introduce increased flexibility for societies in relation to common seals and the execution of documents, in line with companies.
It reserves to the Treasury the right to make provision by regulations in future, upon which further consultation in the sector would be usual.
Finally, clause IV defines the territorial extent of the Bill, which covers all four nations, and specifies that the Bill
“comes into force at the end of the period of two months beginning with the day on which it is passed”—
the standard period set out in legislation.
The Bill has no implications for public funds, as the impact assessment shows, and does not contain any provisions that will require a money resolution or a Ways and Means resolution.
Ultimately, the Bill does a lot of things in a succinct way.
It will enable the modernisation of the building society sector and brings it up to date; it will put the sector on a more level playing field with banks; and it will potentially allow them more scope for supporting their members or future members.
The Bill has overwhelming support from the sector, including from the Building Societies Association, the representative body of the sector, and its members.
The BSA was founded in 1869 and is now the voice of the sector, representing 42 building societies and seven credit unions, and serving 27 million members up and down the UK.
The sector has helped 3.5 million people to buy a home with mortgages totalling over £375 billion.
That accounts for 23% of total outstanding mortgage balances in the UK.
The building societies that the BSA represents account for 19% of cash savings in the UK, and 40% of all cash ISA balances.
Across the country, the sector employs 51,500 people, both full-time and part-time, working in around 1,300 branches in the UK.
The BSA contributed greatly to the consultation process in 2021, and I am proud that it supports the Bill.
I also wish to thank His Majesty’s Treasury for the support it gave me in preparing for today’s Second Reading.
The Bill will make building societies lend on a similar basis to banks, freeing up more money to help more working people in the UK.
It has the potential to unlock billions of pounds of additional lending capacity at a time when so many people need it.
I commend it to the House.
It is a huge pleasure able to join Friday business as a Back Bencher and to support this important Bill on behalf of my Mid Norfolk constituents.
Let me start by congratulating  the hon.
Member for Sunderland Central (Julie Elliott)  on introducing the Bill and on winning that prized first place in the ballot, so that she can make a difference with the Bill.
I thank the Government for working with her and all of us who have supported her on the Bill.
This is a good example of cross-party work, and of the Government working with Back Benchers in the interests of our constituents and the shared and mutual interests of the citizens of this country.
I only wish more people around the country were able to see the quality of the work going on in the House on days like this.