We need to ensure that we build an economy for the people who live there.
That is what my campaign, The Norfolk Way, is all about.
It is a project to promote that vision of rural growth.
The Bill touches on much of that.
One has only to see the flight of the mainstream banks out of such areas—I know that colleagues in other constituencies see that—and the desperation that people feel, whether they are first-time buyers or pensioners.
My hon.
Friend is making an excellent speech, but we should not see building societies as a panacea; they are closing branches in my area as well.
How do we encourage building societies to keep branches open when they are closing throughout the country?
My hon.
Friend makes an excellent point.
I do not want to suggest that they are a total panacea; I am lauding and applauding Nationwide in Dereham because it is doing great work, but we need to make sure that the Bill is part of a broader approach.
I hope that Treasury Ministers, thinking about the run-up to the Budget and looking ahead, will think about how we can encourage more choice, more competition and more presence from both building societies and banks.
We need choice and competition in rural areas and other areas that are not well served as well as in areas that are.
The opportunity for rural renaissance was hit hard by the pandemic, as well as by the Ukraine war, with its impact on energy prices, Putin turning off the gas taps and the cost of living crisis that we have all experienced.
It is in that context that the Bill represents a chink of light and has been hugely supported locally.
I am delighted to have helped the hon.
Member for Sunderland Central bring it to the House.
I want to say something about the banks, because over the 13 years for which I have been privileged to be the Member of Parliament for Mid Norfolk the closure of banks—a cause on which I remember fondly working with the former Prime Minister, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for South West Norfolk (Elizabeth Truss) , in 2009—has gradually hit much of rural Norfolk.
Everyone understands that we cannot have a hugely staffed bank branch in every village, but there is a contract at the heart of the state between citizens, Governments and operations such as banks that work under regulations.
Banks are there to provide a service, too, and if they are not going to provide that service we need to look at who will.
Given the number of people going into banks to do their business these days, it is not unreasonable that there should be some restructuring.
I think the idea of banking hubs where all the main banks club together to ensure that there is a proper facility in a town or substantial village is a good idea.
Does my hon.
Friend think that it is important that they should take in cash and takings from small businesses, because they do not all do that?
I do.
My right hon.
and learned Friend amplifies exactly the point I was making.
He is right that sparsely populated or rural areas will often require different solutions, in the same way as small rural schools require us to network and support them through multi-academy trusts.
Similarly, we need to be imaginative in how we support cash access and banking and saving in rural areas.
That touches on a deep problem that I have witnessed over many years: Whitehall tends to see these problems through an urban lens, and we need to think a bit about how rural areas often need a slightly different approach.