Traders in Belgium have already publicly said that they are not going to spend any more time trying to figure out what the Government are up to.
They say that they have been marched up the hill too many times, only for the scheme to be delayed at the last minute.
They say that they are willing to risk friction rather than the paperwork.
The Institute of Export and International Trade points out that more than 20 different measures on imports will come into force between the end of last September and the end of this year.
The freight representatives point out that the lorry drivers need to go through the same entry and exit systems, and will be in the queues behind the schoolkids and the holidaymakers under- going checks.
They will be stuck behind those school coaches, with all the knock-on effects for the picking up and transportation of imported consignments.
The representatives say they estimate that would create around 70 miles of freight traffic, turning Dover into a literal lorry park.
Little wonder that Nichola Mallon, Logistics UK’s head of trade policy, says that businesses have still not been given all of the detail and guidance they need to plan and prepare and that there is a high risk of delays, traffic congestion, higher prices and reduced choice for consumers.
We all understand the need for checks to stop things such as African swine flu, but given that this country has not even signed up to be part of the shared biosecurity alerts, it is clear that there are other things we could do to help tackle that.
Those charged with running the service certainly have their doubts.
Health inspectors at Dover have had a 70% cut to their funding to do any of the work to try to stop infections reaching our shores in the first place.
Those in Dover would know about all this, because they are in the frontline.
Goodness knows what is happening in the west coast ports, which are operating to a different timetable.
That will open up further loopholes and complications with ports such as Holyhead, Pembroke and Fishguard, which are the land bridge to Ireland, also facing confusion.
I have a series of questions for the Minister, and I hope that she will take interventions when she responds so that we can get to the bottom of this.
First and foremost, can the Minister actually confirm whether any checks will be made to lorries on our borders in 12 days’ time to see whether the goods in them have environmental health certificates?
What work is her  Government doing to ensure that there are enough vets in Europe to provide the certificates?
Can she confirm whether they even exist?
If there are not going to be checks on lorries in 12 days’ time, as she has previously told businesses, when will the health certificate checks come in?
What will happen to a lorry that does not have one?
Can she confirm that the opening hours for the border control posts match the just-in-time supply chains, so that we do not see lorries of rotting foods sitting in our ports waiting to be checked?
When will the common user charge be applied and what will it be?
If it is common, it should be uniform, so can she tell businesses here and now whether it is happening and what it will be per consignment, or whether it will take account of groupage?
The Government said in December that they would provide this information and businesses are still waiting.
Will the Minister confirm what the common user charge will cover?
Is it in addition to all the other charges from the Port Health Authority and the Animal and Plant Health Agency, and does it cover customs fees?
If the checks are not going to be made, when will they be made?
What will she do about traffic management in Kent?