As building societies grow, they manage more risk and the regulators are not keen to take that on.
Although the inertia that creates is understandable, it makes it incredibly difficult to change the system.
One particular issue on which I have campaigned for some time is the one-size-fits-all regulation that burdens smaller lenders and stifles innovation in the banking and non-banking financial sector.
The Netflix movie “Bank of Dave”, which tells the story of Dave Fishwick’s journey trying to open a community bank in Burnley, hit the top 10 in America four days after its release and captured the imagination of the British public last year.
Dave’s innovative ideas make sense to the nation, but the existing regulatory framework does not seem able to adapt and respond to them.
I have been working with Dave Fishwick and forward-thinking organisations in the financial services sector to push for a simpler regulatory framework and to enable a model that can provide the template for the creation of community banks throughout the country.
We do not have enough regional banks or facilities such as building societies, where those who serve local people understand their needs.
People do not want to be faced with a computer that simply says no.
If anywhere needs a healthy local banking system in which local people feel included, it is Stoke-on-Trent—as well as Norfolk, of course.
We need small businesses to be able to access loans and homebuyers to be able to secure mortgages from those who understand the people they are serving, and whose bottom line is helping their community, rather than maximum profit.
In our quest for economic growth, we know that the biggest growth sector is small businesses, which represent more than 95% of all business, yet high street banks are not lending to them because they represent the highest  risk levels.
Many small businesses need to borrow to grow, and the current options are not adequate, so let us enable the smaller challenger banks and community development finance institutions to flourish, and make it easier for building societies to lend more to first-time buyers.
Building societies offer a huge opportunity.
They are communities paying for the community, which matters hugely in places like Stoke-on-Trent where there is a great sense of place and pride and people want to help each other.
Building societies can offer more to the community than high street banks because they have a social mission.
I recently spoke to Hanley Economic building society in my constituency, and it shared its plans to use funds from dormant accounts to invest in local projects.
It still protects the dormant account holder 100%, but in the meantime wants to use the business to make a difference in Stoke-on-Trent.
It makes sense, because it uses local people’s money to invest in local projects.
Modernising the legislation on building societies is long overdue.
Building societies were founded to help working people to own a home of their own and are an essential part of our communities.
In order to be sustainable, building societies need to be allowed to grow, at least at the pace of the rest of the sector.
In order to do that, they need to lend, but without the retail funding that the Bill would allow, they cannot do so effectively.
Other sectors, whether that be mutuals or friendly societies, have had similar updates to bring their regulation in line with competition in the sector, so this is a crucial opportunity to enable building societies to do the same.
The Bill is an important starting point, and primary legislation is needed, but as the economic landscape changes building societies need the opportunity to remain competitive, so secondary legislation will be necessary to ensure that the legal framework is up to date.
That includes measures to tidy up anomalies in the 1986 Act.