In theory, all of that will finally change this year.
In just 12 days’ time, if businesses want to import pork, beef, reindeer, camel, frogs’ legs, cream, yoghurt, flour, beeswax—but not honey—or animal paws, they will need a health certificate.
That all means finding a vet who will sign the health check.
Ministers have told me that more than half of the expected £330 million annual cost of the scheme to businesses will come from these certificates, but they have also said that it is not as bad as the more onerous tracking system they previously suggested, which would have cost businesses £520 million a year.
Frankly, that is like me telling my kids that they should be grateful that I have let them keep the bell on their Lindt bunny because I was originally going to take that too, along with all the chocolate.
Health certificates are one thing, but the Government have also been consulting on introducing a charge to cover the cost of the scheme—the so-called common user charge.
That is planned for April, just 100 days away.
The consultation says the charge could be £43, but it might be less or more.
It would be helpful for British businesses to know whether it is coming in at all in 100 days’ time, as well as knowing what the charge will be.
The charge is intended to apply to each consignment, whether it is one leg of lamb or a van full of reindeer and frogs’ legs.
As 65% of lorries coming into this country carry multiple consignments, known as groupage, it is clear how expensive this way of applying the charge will be.
The Government have therefore chosen to fund the new border by imposing fees directly on businesses that import.
The pledge that Brexit would be a bonfire of regulation turned into a smouldering pile of paperwork that will kill imports for small businesses.
It does not have to be that way.
A veterinary deal with Europe could remove the requirement for export health certificates.
Joining the pan-European Mediterranean convention, which is wider than the EU and includes Israel and north African countries, would also help, as businesses could make use of the EU hubs where products from outside are often consolidated.
Frankly, even if businesses pay, there is no guarantee that they will get a service.
The Government are planning to check just 30% of imports.
Just when I thought it could not get any more complicated, in 286 days’ time  they want to introduce safety and security declarations for all EU imports.
These will be required even if the pallets coming in on a truck are empty.
It relies on the single trade window process not being a total disaster, yet at present businesses have no idea whether the technology is working.
Of course, all of this is different for businesses trading from Northern Ireland.
Those “not for EU” stickers, which will help to protect the border with the EU and Ireland, reflect the lunacy of all those people who tried to argue that technology could prevent trade barriers.
In a situation where we are the smaller market, it is not hard to see that, when companies trading in multiple nations are faced with such policies, they will move away from doing business with us, focusing instead on less complicated markets.
Between 1999 and 2000, the EU accounted for 50% to 55% of UK exports.
By 2022, that had already fallen to 42%.
Traders in Belgium have already publicly said that they are not going to spend any more time trying to figure out what the Government are up to.
They say that they have been marched up the hill too many times, only for the scheme to be delayed at the last minute.
They say that they are willing to risk friction rather than the paperwork.