The purpose behind the Bill is to enable research and produce a report on both the emotional and tangible support that is available and that which is needed—like the support that the charity is giving, but looking at things in a more joined-up way to work better and more effectively for parents during such difficult times.
I stand here as somebody who has had cancer more than once.
You do not choose it: it chooses you.
As Ceri and Frances know, your world is turned upside down.
Your days are driven by medical appointments and the need to have questions answered, juggling life’s issues alongside wanting to do anything to try to protect your child and make the pain go away.
My right hon.
and learned Friend has spoken to me about Ceri and Frances’s motivation to do something for parents who have also travelled the journey of their child having an extended period in hospital, and some of the financial, emotional and physical worries that that brings.
I wish to take a moment to lay out what support is available, but I will do so rapidly because my right hon.
and learned Friend went over it.
There is help to deal with some of the financial worries.
The disabled child addition is available to low-income families on universal credit who are entitled to qualifying disability benefits such as the child disability living allowance.
A parent of a child who qualifies for that support can also claim carer’s allowance as a result of their additional responsibilities if they and their partner are providing at least 35 hours of care each week.
Additional support is available to families on universal credit who may need further help.
For families sadly affected by bereavement, there are funds in England and Scotland to help with funeral expenses.
For people on universal credit, an open discussion with their supporting work coach allows for health and caring responsibilities to be accounted for and enables access to support.
I noted that Ceri has worked with Addenbrooke’s Hospital to share his and Frances’s experience to inform the team as they plan the new children’s hospital.
I know that the hospital has been keen to ensure that families and patients feed in their experience alongside clinicians.
That is a pioneering world-first model of care that looks to treat the whole child—both their physical and emotional needs—as well as providing paediatric genomic medicine.
Behind every young patient, wherever they are treated right across the country, is a family.
I recognise how difficult it is to navigate the practical and emotional challenges.
That is why It’s Never You and charities like it make a huge difference and play a pivotal role in supporting families, and I thank them all for their work.
I reiterate the words of the my hon.
Friend  the Member for Stoke-on-Trent Central (Jo Gideon) : parents’ voices are so important.
I hope that I have the House’s support, having already spoken to the Minister for Health and Secondary Care, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Pendle (Andrew Stephenson)  to ensure that we can work closely.
He has assured me that he stands ready to look at what can be done and to support us in ensuring that the right conversations are held.
I know that it is charities such as It’s Never You that most often help parents to access practical support and connect with other families who are going through comparable experiences, gain moral support and love from each other, and share ways to overcome issues and stop the pain of thinking that they are the only ones.
I know that nothing stops the lying awake at night, watching the clock tick through the hours and hoping for miracles, but we want to help families who are going through such difficult times.
I commit from the Dispatch Box to working closely with my right hon.