However, the current dominant deposit funding approach to customer savings that applies to building societies still puts building societies at a disadvantage to banks in other ways that are not fully taken into account.
The Financial Services Compensation Scheme operates on the basis of size of deposits rather than size of the risk.
That disadvantages building societies because they are financed largely by their deposits while the banks are financed largely by their wholesale markets.
Building societies will have more deposits and therefore will have a larger amount of deposits with regard to their overall liabilities under the scheme.
Alongside today’s amendments, I hope the Bill Committee will consider the operation of the Financial Services Compensation Scheme to level the playing field for building societies, including increasing the deposit protection amount from £85,000 to £100,000 to capture more accounts, given the role of building societies in having savers; to provide better and separate protection for small and medium-sized businesses, which should be funded by those who provide SME banking services; and to provide faster access for customers in getting hold of their compensation when there is a failure, by  funding it from the Bank of England, with recovery to follow either from the failed entity or, if necessary, the FSCS levies.
Finally, I will comment on the three proposed exceptions to the funding limit that we are addressing today.
These will enable building societies to raise additional capital and open up competition for the benefit of customers in the mortgage and savings market, while retaining their mutual model and without reducing financial stability.
The first change is to exclude the Bank of England’s support funds from the funding limits.
Those funds are made available precisely for the purpose of managing financial stress events.
They should not artificially dilute the calculation of savings ratios that are held by the building society.
The amendment in the Bill will address that issue.