Other sectors, whether that be mutuals or friendly societies, have had similar updates to bring their regulation in line with competition in the sector, so this is a crucial opportunity to enable building societies to do the same.
The Bill is an important starting point, and primary legislation is needed, but as the economic landscape changes building societies need the opportunity to remain competitive, so secondary legislation will be necessary to ensure that the legal framework is up to date.
That includes measures to tidy up anomalies in the 1986 Act.
One long overdue piece of legal housekeeping is to make the directors’ retirement age provisions in the Act explicitly consistent with the Equalities Act 2010.
Section 60(8) of the 1986 Act states that the normal retirement age for a director of a building society is 70.
A retirement age for plcs used to be set out in the Companies Act, but after the Equality Act 2010 outlawed age discrimination, the provision was deleted from the Companies Act.
Nevertheless, the statutory normal retirement age has not been removed from the 1986 Act.
It may seem like a silly example, but it currently means that there are two contradictory statutory provisions.
It would be much better if the retirement-age provisions of the 1986 Act were removed, as has happened for plcs.
Simply because a director has just had their 70th birthday—I feel this personally—does not mean they are no longer competent.
They have huge amounts of experience, they understand the market, and firing them would be demonstrably wrong for the business.
The Bill will support building societies to better weather periods of financial stress and help to minimise risk in the banking sector.
Building societies have around 1,300 branches.
As we heard earlier, that is down by around a fifth compared with 2015, but the number of bank branches has declined even faster, more than halving since 2015, so there is a real need for more locally based lending in communities throughout the country, as well as more encouragement of savings that stay in the community to support lending.
The changes in the Bill will help to level the playing field for building societies to compete more fairly with banks, and will support them to do more lending.
Crucially, as the building society sector directs a greater proportion of lending to first-time buyers compared with banks, that will benefit more people looking to get on to the housing ladder.
Increased lending is essential to the UK’s future prosperity and economic growth.
In 2021, the Bank of England launched a project called “Strong and Simple”, the aim of which was simplification and which goes to the heart of what I was saying earlier.
Smaller building societies, and smaller banks and other lending institutions, spend far too much of their time having to comply with regulations that were written for high street banks and large global billion-pound or billion-dollar businesses.
If things were made less onerous for them, they could innovate more and proliferate throughout the country.
“A strong and simple prudential framework for non-systemic banks and building societies”, published by the Prudential Regulation Authority, set out a vision for simplifying the prudential requirements for smaller, domestic-focused banks and building societies while maintaining those firms’ resilience.
The invitation to comment seems to have met with resistance from the risk-averse industry, which in my view is based on penalising the minnows while protecting the giants, so inertia reigns and progress is slow.
I hope that small changes such as those proposed today to make for fairer competition will be the forerunner of larger reforms, such as a new framework for small domestic deposit takers that will enable the financial services sector to embrace change for the benefit of the most marginalised and under-served communities and businesses.
I am pleased to follow my hon.