We created limited liability companies, which allowed people to invest, raise money and back projects, and that was a key part of what this country did.
In an age of globalised capitalism and high technology, we have a challenge to make sure that capital does not become disconnected from the people who are providing the money, the savers, and the people who need the money to build businesses.
For capitalism to work, we need a connection between money, the people who are saving it and the people who are borrowing it.
The last crash in the City was a clear example of what happens when a disconnection is allowed to get to crisis proportions, whereby people do not know where the money that they have deposited is going and people who buy a complex derivative bond do not know what it is built on or what is underpinning it.
We then have a serious problem.
I am not suggesting that we go back to an agrarian revolution of trading wheat for a lift on a cart into Dereham, but I think there is a real issue in our economy in respect of connected capitalism.
Conservative Members in particular, as card-carrying advocates for the market, need to continue to champion and make clear the fact that markets work when they have values, connection and people at the heart of them.
When markets are completely disconnected, they have no sense of the requirements of the people putting the capital in or taking it out, they do not value that connection and regulators do not understand the importance of the bond of responsibility between people who are trading with each other.
Mutuality is a proud tradition at the heart of the old labour movement, but it is also a proud tradition in civic conservativism—it is Burke’s little platoons.
In a spirit of cross-party philosophising on this Friday morning, perhaps I can put some wind in the sails of the movement for mutuality.
I would love to see more mutuality in different sectors, such as in finance, banking and housing, where, clearly, the building societies have been a great reform—I would argue that the housing associations have also been a great Conservative reform in housing.
There are many examples of where we could blow on to the embers of mutuality and encourage more of it in different areas, particularly in some of our social care sectors and health provision.
It should not be a stark choice between private profit and public state.
There is a  whole third sector of mutuality— membership organisations that can deliver public goods, with cost reimbursement and important disciplines of financial control that are not necessarily either public sector, with all the efficiency challenges that go with it, or private sector, with all the incentives for high profit.
There is a whole raft of organisations out there that we could be deploying better—in health and care, but also in criminal justice and a whole range of areas where the state has struggled in the past few decades to achieve its stated objectives.
My hon.
Friend is making an outstanding speech, and we could philosophise all day, which I am tempted to do very badly.
Mutuality in the modern day requires a profit element.
For all building society branches to remain open, the business has to produce a profit.
Mutuality in the sense of Ketley’s Building Society in 1775 is a different concept completely.
We therefore should always come back to the point he makes that, for mutuality to succeed, it must be based on a civic, conservative and capitalist model.
It cannot work in any other way.
My hon.
Friend makes an excellent point and encourages me to wrap up my philosophising.
He is right—I am not at all anti-profit; it is about what is done with the profit.