I thank the Government for working with her and all of us who have supported her on the Bill.
This is a good example of cross-party work, and of the Government working with Back Benchers in the interests of our constituents and the shared and mutual interests of the citizens of this country.
I only wish more people around the country were able to see the quality of the work going on in the House on days like this.
I want, particularly, to highlight the importance of the Bill for rural areas such as mine.
The hon.
Lady represents the magnificently urban constituency of Sunderland Central, but I represent a magnificently the rural constituency of Mid Norfolk—114 villages and five towns.
As I candidate, I rashly promised to cycle the border one Saturday morning, but then discovered it was 94 miles long.
It took me rather more than one Saturday morning.
Much of this country is rural, up north as well as down south and in the south west.
I want to focus on the importance of the Bill and building societies in rural areas and on our town high streets in providing cash facilities, and supporting first time-buyers and pensioners with cash.
In Dereham recently, I saw Nationwide packed, with queues outside of pensioners moving from the bank, which is closing, to support Nationwide, as Nationwide supports them.
In my part of the country we have a huge number of retired folk who want cash—they do not all want to be totally digital.
They value and need that interaction with a living and breathing human being when they go to save or take out cash.
Nationwide Building Society is doing great work to support them.
I am really keen to support the Bill, as the hon.
Lady knows, largely because of that particular rural need.
I should declare that I am a member of three building societies, and until recently I had a mortgage with Nationwide.
I agree with my hon.
Friend about the importance of building societies in rural communities.
I think of local  examples such as Suffolk Building Society, but elsewhere around the country there is Newbury Building Society and similar.
That connection to the community really matters.
It is important to get on with this primary legislation, but we also need to get the negative secondary regulations through as quickly as possible so that we can boost mortgage borrowing for families who are keen to get on to the housing ladder.
I completely agree—my right hon.
Friend makes an excellent point, and we will come to that in due course.
She is absolutely right.
I want to focus on building societies in rural areas.
The flight of the banks, in particular from rural areas but also from a lot of high street banking and the role they have traditionally carried out—this is partly why the Bill is so important—highlights the importance of cash in the rural economy.
Many of my local small businesses are really struggling with how to bank cash properly.
We also have a problem in our part of the world with ATMs now being subject to JCB theft—ATMs being ripped out of the wall.
So, there is a cash problem and building societies have a really important role.
As well as reflecting the very best of old Labour, this is also, if I may say so, the very best of civic conservatism.
This is Edward Burke’s little platoons.
This is the weft and the warp of local connected responsible civic community-based capitalism; the sort of capitalism that small platoon civic conservatism has long championed.
I would argue that all parties in Government over the past 40 years have slightly forgotten that that needs to be championed.
We have seen the rise and the domination of big capital, big banks and big disconnected capitalism.
I am here today as a card-carrying supporter of the mutuality model and civic capitalism.