Pints of wine and blue passports cannot make up for the inflationary impact of this latest dose of extra paperwork and delay.
For the avoidance of doubt, we have left the European Union.
The Government cannot make Brexit work, and it is causing problems to millions of people every day.
I am not standing here advocating that we ask to rejoin, either.
Frankly, with all the problems we are facing for businesses and jobs because of it, we do not have time for such treaty negotiations.
This debate is about what this Government are doing now to manage our borders, and the very real consequences of their decisions for food security and the cost and nutrition of food.
Currently, the UK imports around 46% of our food—we are self-sufficient for 54%.
Our trade with other countries is the reason why we have food to eat and are not all just eating turnips and cabbages, delicious though those home-grown delicacies are.
In 2021, we imported £10 billion-worth of fruit and vegetables from the EU, £6 billion-worth of drinks and the same amount of meat.
The EU accounts for 90% of all the dairy, beef, egg and pork products coming to the UK, and nearly two thirds of all food and feed not of animal origin.
Some 40% of that is from just four countries: the Netherlands, Ireland, Germany and France.
It is little wonder that Brexit has already hit our food prices and supply.
Research from the Centre for Economic Performance at the London School of Economics shows that.
We all saw the empty shelves and rationing, and businesses are clear that it is Brexit, not Ukraine and the energy crisis, that is pushing up the prices of production and causing all those problems.
That is all before we even get to the new import controls.
It is a combination of higher transport costs, supply chain designs, customs complexity and reduced volumes.
Whatever we do at the border will be critical to the nation’s capacity to eat more than porridge, given that oats are one of the few things for which we produce 100% of what we consume.
Let us not pretend that other countries can pick up the slack for us.
Although the Government are negotiating free trade agreements with six other countries and have two agreed, these will not be able to replace the food we import from the EU.
And if we care about animal welfare, we should want to work with the EU because it still has equivalent animal welfare standards, contrary to Australia and New Zealand, from which food can now be imported, tariff free, without any equivalence to  our welfare standards.
Frankly, geography matters, which is why adding more friction to the process will lead not only to shortages and delays but to inflation and costs for everyone.
Under this Tory hard Brexit, we left the EU customs union, the single market and the VAT area, and we have been threatening our own customs controls ever since.
Understandably, businesses have been driven mad by the fact that those controls have been postponed five times.
In the meantime, we have all been stuck with the bill at the checkouts.
The white elephants of Brexit stand empty at our expense, as the Government have spent more than £700 million on border facilities and jobs.
Sevington in Kent cost £154 million, including £70 million on the border control post infrastructure alone, and £25 million has been spent on Portsmouth, £12 million on Holyhead and £3 million on North Weald.
I am sure those communities would rather use the money for something else.
In theory, all of that will finally change this year.
In just 12 days’ time, if businesses want to import pork, beef, reindeer, camel, frogs’ legs, cream, yoghurt, flour, beeswax—but not honey—or animal paws, they will need a health certificate.
That all means finding a vet who will sign the health check.