As we know, over half of building society lending goes to first-time buyers, so the potential impact of the Bill is huge.
Since 2020, building societies in the north-east and Cumbria have lent £3.4 billion to first-time buyers.
In the first nine months of last year, they supported nearly 4,000 first-time buyers—4,000 people who last year started their journey of home ownership, with all the financial security and benefits that brings.
Increasing lending capacity is incredibly important in supporting hard-working people.
It is essential to the UK’s future prosperity and desperately needed for economic growth.
I want briefly to run through the four clauses of the Bill and the impact the changes will have.
It is not a standalone Bill; it amends the Building Societies Act 1986 by inserting new provisions.
Clause 1 deals with funds that can be disregarded by a building society for the purpose of calculating its wholesale funding limit.
The 1986 Act currently requires them to obtain at least 50% of funding from their members—from individual member deposits.
The retention of this 50% minimum requirement ensures that the members remain the primary owners of building societies; it is what makes the sector so unique.
The other 50% can come from external sources.
This balance will not be changed, but there is a need to modernise the rules governing the sector in order for building societies to compete with banks on a level playing field.
The Prudential Regulation Authority and the Financial Conduct Authority engaged with the sector on this issue in 2021.
The conclusion of the Government’s consultation recommended the exclusion of some sources of funding from building societies’ wholesale funding limit calculations, as well as the modernisation elements that come later in the Bill.
The recommendations were never implemented, which is why the Bill is needed.
Clause 1 will disregard the following from the 50% wholesale funding limit: Bank of England liquidity insurance facilities, debt instruments raised to meet the minimum regulatory requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities requirements, and sums received under sale and repurchase agreements, with a view to complying with Prudential Regulation Authority rules.
These changes will not dilute the unique ownership model under which building societies operate.
They will not increase the financial risk to the sector, because these liquidity insurance facilities, the debt instruments and the sale and repurchase agreement sums will be effective tools at a time of national economic crisis to  ensure that building societies remain comfortably solvent and active in the interests of their members.
These changes will help to future-proof building societies from external factors, economic shocks or periods of financial stress.
The specified facilities and so on will be described in a statutory instrument laid by the Government of the day, which will provide additional detail to allow the funding disregards broadly described in subsection (2) to be activated.
The Bill is designed so that any Government at any given time can react to the needs of the building society sector, the Bank of England and the Prudential Regulation Authority.
Enabling such changes in regulation to be made by means of secondary legislation will make the sector much more sustainable and able to react to changes in circumstance.
The changes presented in the Bill formed part of the Edinburgh reforms.
All the responses to the Government consultation were in support of these changes.
Prudent lending is crucial to the UK’s economic growth.
Making this change will make building societies safe, more secure, and competitive in the long term, without affecting their status as mutuals.
Clause 2 is about modernisation.
It amends the 1986 Act to explicitly allow the option of real-time virtual member participation in building society meetings.
The change presented in the Bill aligns the sector with modernisations made to company law by section 360A of the Companies Act 2006.
It will allow virtual attendance and voting as part of hybrid meetings, making it clear that nothing in the 1986 Act precludes this.