Is it in addition to all the other charges from the Port Health Authority and the Animal and Plant Health Agency, and does it cover customs fees?
If the checks are not going to be made, when will they be made?
What will she do about traffic management in Kent?
Currently, there are 40 inspectors in the port of Dover.
How many has her Department assessed are needed, and why are only 30% of them being checked, if this is about biosecurity?
What will they do if a lorry goes to the wrong port, or tries to shop around?
Does she expect different border control ports to charge the same fees for their services, or will they set their own?
How will she stop those lorries from trying to game the system?
Can the Minister tell us about the status of the single trade window project, and whether Fujitsu is involved in its delivery at all?
The Government have admitted that this will cause inflation, but they are trying to claim it is going to be just 0.2% over three years.
In their response to me, they said that
“will depend greatly on how businesses adapt their business models and supply chains to integrate the new controls regimes”,
putting the pressure on business to pay for the Government’s scheme.
Will the Minister clarify what the variation might be if businesses do not do that, and what has been calculated into inflation, if they cannot get to grips with the Government’s new system?
What impact is her Department predicting that the situation will have on food prices in that first year—not over three years, but in the first year?
Why will this Government not come clean on the data sources they are using to make those calculations?
What commercial confidentiality behind calculating inflation and the impact of the policies possibly trumps the public’s right to know how expensive it will be to put food on the table?
No doubt the Minister will say that an outbreak of foot and mouth disease would cost business more than this scheme, but will she set out the cost of the administration of this project, separately from the health checks that the Government have calculated?
Can she clarify the timetable for the introduction of the west coast port charges and what the difference in the regime will be?
Will she explain why the Government have not negotiated a veterinary deal?
Are they even looking at the pan-Euro-Mediterranean convention to try to solve these problems without giving businesses all this extra  paperwork?
Above all, what is she doing to warn the public about the potential impact on their food supply and costs?
Or is she prepared to say here and now, on the record, that there will be no delay in food provision, no shortages and no increase in prices?
Nobody wants to eat meat that has been sitting in the docks or beeswax that is off, even if it had a health certificate when it started its journey.
Because of what is happening, the UK has already dropped from fourth in the World Bank logistics performance index to joint 19th.
The main challenges result from border friction, which is contributing to the decline in just-in-time supply chains and efficient customs.
It does not take a rocket scientist to work out that this scheme will clearly make things harder for British business.
No wonder it has been delayed five times.
With so many people struggling with the cost of living crisis, surely the best thing is to think again.
The scheme will make things harder for British business; at worst, it will be a nightmare.
I ask the Minister: will she give people some relief and say that it is off again?
The First Deputy Chairman of Ways and Means took the Chair as Deputy Speaker ( Standing Order No.
3 ).
I beg to move, That the House sit in private.