Member is right to say that the Bill decreases the number of peers on the Opposition Benches, but the share of the Opposition’s seats in the Lords will reduce from around 34% to around 32%.
Given that the Conservatives will remain the largest party in the second Chamber, I am sure that hon.
Members will agree that the Bill is hardly a power grab.
I very much look forward to engaging with the shadow spokespeople from the Opposition parties.
I have welcomed discussing this matter with the hon.
Member for Richmond Park and Members of other parties who made time to discuss the Bill at drop-in sessions last week.
I look forward to further engagement with all those who attend the Committee of the whole House, especially given the important views that have been expressed today.
I stress again that this Bill is about finally removing an outdated and indefensible principle, and not about individuals.
As my right hon.
Friend the Minister for the Cabinet Office mentioned at the beginning of the debate, the current hereditary peers and their predecessors have made notable contributions to the other place, the merits of which we have heard in this House today.
This is the first step in reform and not the last.
The other reforms set out in our manifesto are more complex and it is right to take the time to properly consider their implementation.
I know that the Leader of the House of Lords has outlined her commitment to meaningful dialogue with Members of the other place on further reforms to bring about a smaller and more active second Chamber.
The Government remain committed in the long term to replacing the House of Lords with an alternative second Chamber that is more representative of the nations and regions and of how the public can have politics best serve them.
As the manifesto makes clear, it is right to start with this immediate reform, completing the work that we began 25 years ago.
I commend this Bill to the House.
Question put, That the amendment be made.
The House divided: Ayes 105, Noes 453.
[Division No.
19, 6.55 pm]
Question accordingly negatived.
[Division lists were not available at the time of  publication.]
Question put forthwith ( Standing Order No.
62(2) ), That the Bill be now read a Second time.
Question agreed to.
Bill accordingly read a Second time.
Hello!
It is a pleasure to follow  the hon.
Member for Mid and South Pembrokeshire (Henry Tufnell) , and I extend my warmest regards to all the Members making their maiden speeches today.
First, I would like to acknowledge my predecessor, Duncan Baker.
He was an attentive and hard-working Member, and I wish him well in his future pursuits in industry.
Before him, Norman Lamb served in this House for 19 years and left an extraordinary legacy in the realm of mental health, a cause that he continues to be a dedicated advocate for.
It was in no small part Norman’s commitment to speaking the truth to power and giving a voice to the voiceless that made him such a hero to the people of North Norfolk, and which attracted me to politics fully seven years ago, when I was first elected as a county councillor—and I draw Members’ attention to the Register of Members’ Financial Interests in connection with my continued role there.
I am immensely grateful for the trust that residents across North Norfolk have shown in me: trust to represent them here, but also trust to play a part in the deep transformation we need in our politics if we are going to make positive change for society.
This is an extraordinary place, but I cannot do what I have promised to do for my constituents—we cannot really do what we have been elected to do—without giving it the shake-up that is long overdue.