for his constituents.
He certainly kept that promise, serving not only as a loyal constituency MP but as a Northern Ireland Minister under a Labour Government.
I have another illustrious predecessor: the MP for Huyton from 1950 to 1983, Harold Wilson, who served as a Labour Prime Minister.
Harold transformed our economy and industry, founded the Open University, and started us on the long road to equality that we are still travelling.
He left a more equal society than he inherited, one in which far fewer got by on too little.
I am so honoured to follow in his footsteps.
Knowsley made me who I am.
I was born and raised in Cantril Farm, a so-called slum clearance estate.
My nan lived in the flats there, and I went to Brookside school, where my auntie Jean was a cleaner.
My dad worked at Ford, on the production line, and with his secure, well-paid, unionised job, my mum and dad could give me a better life than they had had.
Then, as a teenager, I got jobs in Liverpool, in Brian’s diner on Stanley Street, and at the Beatles shop, where I met Paul McCartney a few times.
I started club nights where I DJ’d, and one of them—Liquidation—is still going.
However, I am here today as a proud trade unionist.
It is the trade unions that built the Labour party.
I am proud to be a member of Unite and the GMB, and I am proud to be a former political director of Unite and  adviser to the general secretary of the TUC.
The unions are my second family, and it is because of them that I have come from the council estate to the parliamentary estate.
I know why I am here: to speak for my class, the working class.
I will not forget who I am or where I came from.
It is my duty to stand up for the people of Knowsley and to champion our strengths—our dignity, our resilience and our sense of community.
I will never talk down my part of the world or its people.
Our streets are soundtracked by the La’s and China Crisis.
Our parks and estates have nurtured footballing legends such as Peter Reid and Steven Gerrard.
We have produced the finest writers and actors of my class: Alan Bleasdale, Phil Redmond, Sue Johnston, and Stephen Graham.
They all showcase Knowsley’s creative talent.
Last Friday I met Lord Derby at Knowsley Hall, the place that gave my constituency its name.
The so-called local toff and the former council estate kid spoke about how we can work together for the betterment of Knowsley.
Knowsley Hall, where Shakespeare performed for Queen Elizabeth I, still represents our rich heritage, now revived by the Shakespeare North playhouse.
Nowadays, alongside the people of Knowsley, I count as constituents two tigers, six lions, 11 rhinos, and a horde of cheeky monkeys who will take the wipers off your car at the safari park.
In modern manufacturing, the Jaguar Land Rover car plant in Halewood not only provides jobs across my constituency, but is currently at the forefront of electrification.
We have 100-year-old family firms with solid apprenticeships that lead to skilled jobs, such as JJ Smith and Hemsec, pioneers in net zero construction.
I will fight for investment in firms like these and jobs to take pride in, which can provide a good life.
I am proud of Knowsley, but I will always be honest about what stands in our way.
Knowsley is the second most deprived constituency in the country.
When Governments have walked away from us and left us to manage decline, we have picked ourselves up and helped one another through sheer force of will, determination, resilience and solidarity.
We now have a Government who will not walk away, a Labour Government who are on our side.