However, we are clear that independent sector providers have a role to play in supporting the NHS as trusted partners to recover elective services.
I welcome all efforts to increase the number of GPs throughout England.
Residents in new and growing towns such as Wixams in Mid Bedfordshire need a GP surgery.
My local councils have been told that they need to put up the capital to deliver one, causing concern about cash flow and borrowing costs.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss a new capital investment programme to ensure that residents in new towns such as Wixams do not have to wait for developer contributions to get the services they need?
As Lord Darzi outlined, capital development in the NHS is shocking, with a backlog of £11 billion in maintenance.
I would be happy to meet the hon.
Member to discuss his problem.
Alan Petersen is a senior pharmacist in my constituency.
He tells me that pharmacies have experienced high volatility in drugs pricing and big increases in bills in recent years.
At the same time, they are expected to do far more in direct consultation with the public.
Given the UK Government’s jurisdiction over funding dispensing services in England and Wales, when do they plan to review pharmacy funding?
Obviously, health is a devolved matter and funding for pharmacies in Wales is the responsibility of the Welsh Government.
Nevertheless, I pay tribute to the Welsh Government for securing a deal with pharmacies in Wales in line with DDRB—the review body on doctors’ and dentists’ remuneration—pay recommendations.
I know that arrangements in England  affect matters in Wales and I am working as a matter of urgency to conclude the consultation on the community pharmacy contractual framework.
To correct the Secretary of State, the Tobacco and Vapes Bill went through its Committee stage in the previous Parliament, with several amendments proposed across the Chamber, which the then Minister, Andrea Leadsom, agreed to take away and bring back.
Will he incorporate those amendments so that we strengthen the Bill?
Whatever stage the Bill got to, it was not completed, was it?
We will bring back a tobacco and vapes Bill that is stronger than the Conservatives’ and I look forward to seeing if they support it.
Ingleside, the only birthing centre in the city of Salford, was temporarily closed in 2022 amid an acute midwifery staffing deficit across Greater Manchester.
Will the Minister be kind enough to meet me to discuss what he can do to ensure that that unit reopens safely as soon as possible?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise the crisis of midwifery services.
We have already had debates in Westminster Hall about this, and the issue affects the entire country.
It is a priority for this Government, and I am of course happy to meet her to discuss her constituency issue.
Lord Darzi’s report highlighted the importance of local focus and alignment to co-ordinating local services and improving health, contributing to reduced hospital admissions.
In Oxfordshire, the integrated care board is proposing to remove Oxfordshire’s dedicated place director.
Will the Secretary of State give his support to place- based roles to maintain local authority alignment, as recommended in Lord Darzi’s report?
I absolutely take the point the hon.
Gentleman is making about the importance of place-based leadership.
That is why one thing we will be looking to do, as part of the 10-year plan process, is to clarify roles and responsibilities in different parts of the system to ensure that we have better strategic place-based leadership.
The Royal Stoke hospital is leading the way when it comes to treatment for stroke patients, but as with so many illnesses, prevention is better than cure.
Can the Minister set out what this Government are doing to minimise the number of people affected by these life-altering events?
I agree with my hon.