The smoking Bill will be back, it will be stronger and, unlike the previous Government, we will deliver it.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
My constituent Mel Lycett has terminal cancer.
After repeated visits to her GP, she was referred to a two-week urgent pathway in May.
She was not diagnosed until the end of July, and she still has not started treatment.
Every single target for her diagnosis and treatment was missed.
That is not uncommon in Shropshire, and it is not uncommon in the rest of the country.
Can the Secretary of State reassure me of what he is doing to deal with this terrible legacy left behind by the Conservative Government?
How will he ensure that cancer patients are treated in a timely manner?
I welcome the hon.
Lady to her role.
I am afraid that this case is just one of countless stories of people whose lives might have been saved had the NHS been there for them when they needed it.
It is bad enough when people receive a late diagnosis that equates to a death sentence; it is worse still when people in that position are not given the fighting chance of urgent, life-extending treatment.
The inheritance we have received is truly shameful.
I assure the hon.
Lady, as a cancer survivor myself—because the NHS was there for me when I needed it—that we will work tirelessly through a national cancer plan to make sure that we deliver the cancer waiting time standards that the last Labour Government met, and that are sorely needed today.
If he will make a comparative assessment of the adequacy of access to primary care services for men in (a) England and (b) Scotland.
As Lord Darzi identified in his NHS review, primary care is broken, with 1,600 fewer fully qualified GPs than in 2017.
We recognise that men can face particular challenges in accessing services,  which is why we are committed to fixing the front door to the NHS, bringing back the family doctor and shifting the focus of care away from hospitals and into the community.
Health is devolved in Scotland, but I welcome opportunities to share learning across our two nations.
In my Paisley and Renfrewshire South constituency, the rate of premature death in men is 47.9% higher than the UK average.
According to National Records of Scotland, the number of people who have died by suicide in Renfrewshire as a whole has increased to the highest level in 10 years.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that this is a damning indictment of the SNP Government’s record on health?
Will he commit today to holding a summit in November, with Movember, to raise men’s health up the agenda?
Those statistics are both damning and shocking.
Health inequalities in any part of our United Kingdom need to be tackled, and the SNP Government have real questions to answer on these shocking statistics for men in my hon.
Friend’s constituency and across Scotland.
I will take up her challenge.
A summit with Movember, and with her and other interested Members, to talk about men’s health issues is a cracking idea, and I will get straight on to it when I get back to the Department.
I appreciate that the Secretary of State is unlikely to comment on the Chancellor’s forthcoming statement, but he and his Front-Bench colleagues have already mentioned funding issues a number of times this morning, so will he confirm that it is the policy of his Government to take steps to increase the UK’s health spending to the average of other countries in north-west Europe?
That would lead to an increase of around £17 billion for the national health service and would help address some of the issues referred to by  the hon.
Member for Paisley and Renfrewshire South (Johanna Baxter) .
Order.
Questions ought to be linked to the subject being dealt with, which is access to primary care.