A staggering 1 million people are waiting to access mental health services, and vacancy rates are around 10%, the highest across the NHS.
This Government are committed to fixing our broken NHS so that people can be confident of accessing high-quality mental health support when needed.
That includes recruiting 8,500 more mental health workers, introducing specialist mental health professionals in every school, rolling out Young Futures hubs in every community and modernising the Mental Health Act.
Patients tell me they cannot get access to community mental health nurses, putting huge pressure on GP practices and leading to people going to A&E in desperation.
Can the Minister confirm whether the 8,500 extra mental health staff pledged in Labour’s manifesto will include much-needed nurses in the community?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend, who is doing excellent work for the people of North Durham.
I would also like to take the opportunity to thank our mental health nurses, who do such vital and valuable work.
The Government are committed to shifting from hospital to community, and that of course includes the mental health sector.
I can assure my hon.
Friend that we are working with NHS England on how best to deploy those additional 8,500 mental health workers.
I wish to pay my respects to the family of Jamie Pearson, the 27-year-old Blackpool man who sadly took his own life in a local hospital in August after waiting nearly 24 hours to see a mental health worker in A&E. Jamie was in a mental health crisis, but got himself to what should have been a place of safety.
What steps is the Minister’s Department taking to ensure that no one is left to suffer in A&E because they   cannot access mental health treatment in their community, and will he meet me to discuss that tragic issue, so that we can make sure that it never happens again?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that deeply tragic case.
Words cannot express the heartbreak caused to Jamie Pearson’s friends and family.
I hope it might be some small comfort to them to know that all acute hospitals should now have a 24/7 mental health liaison service in A&E, and we are looking at how best to take forward the Government’s suicide prevention strategy for England.
We will do everything in our power to ensure that the tragic circumstances of Jamie’s untimely death are addressed, and that lessons are learned.
I am happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss that further.
Those providing child and adolescent mental health services in south Cumbria do an outstanding job, but they are without a dedicated crisis team, unlike the rest of Lancashire and South Cumbria NHS Foundation Trust.
That is devastating and dangerous for my constituents.
Will the Minister use his power to intervene with the integrated care board and Lancashire and South Cumbria to make sure that young people in our communities have access to a crisis team?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for that question and the passion with which he put it.
We are committed to rolling out Young Futures hubs across the country and, of course, we need to prioritise areas of particular need.
I would be happy to meet him to discuss that further.
A recent review of children’s mental health services in my local authority, the London borough of Richmond, found that, staggeringly, children with mild to moderate needs in tier 2 waited on average 15 months before receiving treatment, and those with more severe needs waited on average nine months.
The Minister does not need me to tell him that during that time, children’s conditions get worse; they need greater treatment and, sadly, too many present at A&E self-harming and attempting to take their own life.
As well as committing to mental health professionals in every school, will he put some money into acute provision, so that children do not end up in A&E?