Knowsley is the second most deprived constituency in the country.
When Governments have walked away from us and left us to manage decline, we have picked ourselves up and helped one another through sheer force of will, determination, resilience and solidarity.
We now have a Government who will not walk away, a Labour Government who are on our side.
In Knowsley, we have great women who lead community institutions that take care of our people every day, such as Rachael Jones at One Knowsley, Marie Stewart at Southdene community centre, Jackie Croft at Centre 63, Pam Richards at the Safari Kids Club, Caroline Grant at The First Step, and Margaret Roche at SHARe.
In 1986, when my predecessor took his place, only 6% of school leavers in Knowsley got a job.
That kind of unemployment scars families for generations.
We have never recovered from the devastation of deindustrialisation under Thatcher and 14 years of austerity.
We still face lower wages, higher poverty and fewer opportunities, and we need secure, unionised jobs on decent wages so that people can get by and their kids can get on.
It is not much to ask, but it is everything.
That is why Labour’s plan—the new deal for working people—is so close to my heart.
It will be the greatest transformation in rights at work in a generation.
In Knowsley we dream big, but the opportunities are not always there.
Teachers and school staff in Knowsley work incredibly hard, but the fact is that there is no A-level provision in my constituency.
No child should grow up under a Labour Government thinking that  they are not good enough to do an A-level, and I will do everything I can to change that, alongside delivering more and better apprenticeships.
My politics is the politics of people and of the shop floor, the bus stop, the school gate and the supermarket.
From Huyton and Kirby to Prescot, from Stockbridge village to Knowsley village, and from the Johns estate to the Tower Hill estate, I say to my constituents: “You are my priority.
I will not take you for granted.
It is the honour of my life to serve you, and I will do my very best for you.”
I am grateful for the opportunity to make my maiden speech.
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friends the Members for Filton and Bradley Stoke (Claire Hazelgrove) and for Knowsley (Anneliese Midgley) who gave excellent speeches, showing real love for their communities.
I look forward to serving alongside them in the years ahead—country first, party second.
I know others may think it is the case for them, but must admit to the House that I have the immense privilege of representing the most beautiful constituency in Wales, and therefore the entirety of the United Kingdom.
From the spires of St Davids cathedral, to the classic car shows in Cresswell Quay, Dobby’s grave in the sand dunes of Freshwater West, and the pastel-coloured houses in Tenby, Pembrokeshire is iconic.
Even the little-known playwright William Shakespeare posed the question as to how Wales was made so happy as to  inherit such a haven.
If that were not enough, Lord Nelson declaimed that we have the finest port in Christendom.
That is praise indeed, Madam Deputy Speaker.
We have been discussing constitutional reform extensively in this debate and Pembrokeshire has always been interwoven with the story of our individual, but united, four nations: the Welsh monk Asser summoned by Alfred the Great to leave the great settlement of St Davids to advise him at court; the birth of Henry Tudor in Pembroke Castle who would later return from exile to land his army near Dale and march to Bosworth Field; and the siege of Pembroke castle by Oliver Cromwell in almost the final act of the English civil war, beginning a period of 12 years of the protectorate reigning supreme.