After 14 years of opposition—two and a half of which the Secretary of State spent on the Front Bench and travelling around the world, funded by other Governments, to look at their healthcare systems—and more than 100 days in government, the right hon.
Gentleman does not even know the start date of his own flagship policy.
He is no Action Man; he is Anchorman.
Let us deal with Labour’s cruel decision to slash winter fuel payments, which will add pressure not only to patients, but to the NHS.
The NHS’s deputy chief operating officer—
Order.
I have got a lot of people to get in.
Members on both Front Benches must be quicker.
After Labour’s cruel decision to slash winter fuel payments, which will add pressure to the NHS, its deputy chief operating officer warned that this winter our health service will not have the extra capacity or funding that it needs, which the Conservatives had previously provided.
Why has the Secretary of State—
Order.
I gave the right hon.
Lady a hint to come to an end and not to carry on fully.
It is unfair to Back Benchers, who I am trying to represent.
I want a short answer.
The shadow Secretary of State questions the budget for this winter, but it was set by her Government.
Is that finally an admission of failure on her part?
Something else that we will have this winter, which we did not have last winter or the previous winter is no—
I call Lola McEvoy.
Will the Secretaryof State meet me to discuss a cross-departmental pilot in my constituency, bringing together the Department for Work and Pensions, the Department for Education and the Department of Health and Social Care, to tackle some of the immediate pressures that face child and adolescent mental health services in my area, and the impact on schooling, the local work force and family outcomes?
By cutting mental health waiting lists and intervening earlier, we can get this country back to health and back to work.
There are 2.9 million people who are economically inactive, a large proportion owing to mental health issues.
Many people can be helped back into work through talking therapies.
We will put a mental health professional in every school and roll out 8,500 specialists.
I would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss the matter further.
I call the Liberal Democrat Health spokesperson.
In England, 4.4 million children have not seen a dentist for at least a year.
Meanwhile, in Shropshire, Telford and Wrekin integrated health board, £1 million of dental funding went unspent in 2022-23.
The system is clearly broken.
When can we expect the Secretary of State to fix it?
It is precisely because of the situation the hon.
Member describes—the poor services and, ironically, the underspends in the dentistry budget—that we will work not only to stand up the 700,000 urgent and emergency dental appointments we promised, but to do the prevention work for children in our schools.
Many people in my constituency are grateful that Slough will soon be home to a £25 million community diagnostic centre, which will help to reduce waiting lists, but many are also concerned that the local trust may be contracting out services for MRI scans.
Does the Minister agree that, instead of just outsourcing, local trusts should, whenever possible, try to increase expertise and capacity in-house?
We are committed to expanding community diagnostic capacity to build an NHS that is fit for the future.
However, we are clear that independent sector providers have a role to play in supporting the NHS as trusted partners to recover elective services.
I welcome all efforts to increase the number of GPs throughout England.
Residents in new and growing towns such as Wixams in Mid Bedfordshire need a GP surgery.