I am sure that the right hon.
Lady does want more Conservative MPs in Essex.
She has raised an entirely constructive point, which I strongly welcome.
This Government are committed, as we were in opposition, to doubling the number of medical school places, and that means real opportunities for local medical schools such as hers.
As ever, I would of course be delighted to meet her to talk about what more can do with her local university.
The news that we are recruiting more GPs is very welcome.
I spent an afternoon shadowing a local GP and saw just how stretched the services were.
Will the Secretary of State give a commitment that we are moving towards investment in primary care services and moving from a national health service to a focus on neighbourhood health services?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising that question.
When in opposition, I was delighted to spend time with a whole group of GPs from across Sheffield who showed us what primary care reform could look like.
We are committed to increasing primary care as a proportion of the NHS’s budget, which will be important, and also to building exactly the kind of neighbourhood health service she describes, with more care closer to people’s homes.
General practice has a key role to play in that.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
What we measure is often what we end up improving, and one of the great assets of Lord Darzi’s report is the technical annex with its 330 analyses.
It is incredibly useful; it is a baseline.
Will the Secretary of State make sure that it is updated yearly?
That is a great constructive challenge.
I am absolutely committed to transparency and to keeping that dataset updated in the way that the hon.
Lady requests.
We are not going to get everything right and sometimes we are not going to make progress as fast as we would like, but where that is the case we are never going to duck it or pretend that things are better than they are.
The reason that we will succeed where the previous Government failed is that we are willing to face up to the challenges in the NHS rather than pretend that they do not exist.
I call the shadow Minister.
The Prime Minister has repeatedly stressed the importance of preventing people from taking up smoking, as one of his priorities to improve the nation’s health, reduce waiting lists and lessen demand on the NHS, and we  agree.
The Government like to talk about the record of their first 100 days in office but, according to data from Action on Smoking and Health, 280 children under the age of 16 take up smoking in England each day.
That is 28,000 children in England during the Secretary of State’s first 100 days.
Why has he not yet reintroduced our Tobacco and Vapes Bill?
How many children need to take up smoking before he makes this a priority?
Perhaps the shadow Minister would like to give us the figures for the entire 14 years that his party was in government.
By the way, just to set the record straight, not only did I propose the measures in that Bill during an interview with The Times earlier last year, but if it was such a priority for the Opposition, why did they leave the Bill unfinished?
Why had it only had its Second Reading?
And why did we go into the general election with that Bill unpassed?
I will tell him why: because his party was divided on the issue, and the then Prime Minister was too weak to stand up to his own right-wingers who are now calling the shots in his party.
The smoking Bill will be back, it will be stronger and, unlike the previous Government, we will deliver it.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
My constituent Mel Lycett has terminal cancer.