Patients have an absolute right to complain about NHS services, and they should not be removed from a practice’s list because of a complaint they have made.
Health is of course devolved, but I have asked officials in the Department to engage with their Scottish Government counterparts on that matter to ensure that patients in my hon.
Friend’s constituency are treated with the respect and compassion that they deserve.
Residents in Mickleover have been queuing from 7 am to get an appointment with their GP, and Healthwatch says that seven in 10 people  in Derby find it very difficult to book appointments.
That is the legacy of the previous Government.
With new homes being built in and around Mickleover, we need even more additional capacity.
Does the Minister agree that GP capacity must be a priority?
We are absolutely committed to the challenge of cutting red tape and reducing the administrative burden for staff to help patients get the care that they need.
An important element of our plan will be streamlining access to registration in order to move it online, and we are working at pace to make online registration available in all practices.
I am very happy to come back to my hon.
Friend on the constituency issue that she raises.
Lord Darzi’s report on the NHS states that people are struggling to see their GPs.
Prevention is better than cure, and interventions to protect health tend to be far less costly than dealing with the consequences of illness, both financially and in terms of outcomes.
Early and quick access to primary care is therefore crucial.
I accept that it is not always necessary to see  a GP—an appointment with a nurse may suffice—but what steps are being taken to ensure that patients in my Wolverhampton West constituency have quick, easy and direct access to GP surgeries?
I note that Wolverhampton West has seen a decrease of 28 full-time equivalent GPs since 2018, which of course massively exacerbates the issues to which my hon.
Friend refers.
We will introduce a modern booking system to end the 8 am scramble and make it easier for patients to contact their GP.
In particular, we are committed to increasing the use of the NHS app to view patient records and order repeat prescriptions.
All of that will take pressure off the booking system.
Last week, NHS Suffolk and North East Essex integrated care board announced plans to scrap the super-surgery in north Essex.
To say that my constituents were incandescent would be an understatement; many of them have waited since 2021 for a replacement to closed surgeries in Bramford, Claydon and Great Blakenham.
Many have to use Needham Market surgery, which is also awaiting plans to move to larger premises with increased capacity.
Will the Secretary of State meet me to discuss how we can expedite plans to expand primary care in north Ipswich and the surrounding villages?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for setting out a list of all the failures of the past 14 years.
He is dealing with that mess thanks to Members on the Benches he sits on.
I strongly encourage his constituents to get actively involved in the 10-year plan that we will launch.
There will be an important national engagement exercise on shifting from hospital to community, from sickness to prevention and from analogue to digital, because given the total and utter chaos that we inherited, we need systemic reform.
I recently met representatives of Martins Oak and Oldwood surgeries in my constituency.
Both surgeries have ambitious plans to move to bigger premises so that they can see more  patients, but they face numerous challenges, including the gap between the lease lengths that the integrated care board will support and those that GP practices can get developers to sign up to.