I got into politics, like many, to make a difference, but I was driven every day by the simple belief that someone’s background should not determine their life chances and life choices.
That is why it feels fitting to give this speech today, in a debate that is fundamentally about how we make our Parliament better and fairer.
While I am a great supporter of British institutions and traditions, there is clearly no place in a modern Parliament for people—largely men—who can vote on legislation as a birthright, because their father did.
As a new officer of the all-party parliamentary group on financial education for young people, and as a soon-to-be member of the upcoming group focusing on political and media literacy, I will work hard and across the divide to help others to feel as confident, capable and comfortable as anyone else in these spaces.
I hope to show that if I can stand here today—a girl from a village who had, and still has, a simple belief in making life fairer—so can anyone.
I am fully committed to serving local people well, putting our priorities at the heart of the agenda and breaking down barriers to opportunity, so that everybody has their chance to thrive.
I end by thanking my family, friends, campaign team and community, who inspire me every day.
Resolved,
That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give directions that there be laid before this House a Return of a Report, dated  15 October 2024 , entitled Independent Inquiry into the issues raised by the David Fuller case—Phase 2 Interim Report—Funeral Sector.—(Taiwo Owatemi.)
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps his Department plans to take to improve health outcomes in the east midlands.
Lord Darzi’s report concluded that the health service is in a critical condition across the country, including in the east midlands, where healthy life expectancy has declined in the past decade.
Waiting lists in the region stand at slightly below the national average for 18-week waits, at 57% compared to the national average of 58%.
With two thirds of people having to wait more than four hours at Lincoln County hospital’s A&E department and with horror stories from my constituents of people waiting up to 24 hours, does the Minister understand that if we are to save the NHS and give people the timely appointments they need, we must unleash the full power of the private sector?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for helping to underline the shocking inheritance from the previous Government.
He is absolutely right.
We are committed to cutting waiting times and serving constituents, like mine, by delivering the long-term reform the NHS desperately needs.
The Government are committed to the funding model.
We are not going to change it.
He tries this every time, but we are committed to the funding model as it exists.
A really important part of improving health outcomes in the east midlands, and across the country, is the use of diagnostics.
The Rosalind Franklin laboratory, which was set up in my constituency, was closed down just a few months ago at a cost of £0.6 billion.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that one of the most important things  we could do is to restore good quality diagnostics to  our NHS?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
We are committed to improving diagnostics as part of our reform of the health sector.
Analysis of waiting lists shows that 20% of people will end up with a hospital admission, most as a day case.
To improve waiting times, the focus must be on early prevention, diagnostics and consultant review at an early stage.
What assessment his Department has made of the effectiveness of NHS urgent and emergency care services.