Will the Minister please look at this worrying decision by the University Hospitals of Morecambe Bay NHS foundation trust and do everything to enable the reopening of this service as soon as possible?
My hon.
Friend is a doughty fighter for her constituents.
I am aware that the decision she mentions is an interim measure made by the critical care network, the Lancashire and South Cumbria integrated care board and the NHS trust.
The decision will be kept under review and patients impacted will receive the appropriate support.
The Government recognise that more must be done to improve the sustainability of the NHS both nationally and in rural and coastal areas.
Services at Chase community hospital in my constituency, in Whitehill and Bordon, are being run down by the ICB.
This is based on a promise that a brand-new health hub will be built in place, which is much welcomed.
It has the support of the Defence Infrastructure Organisation, which owns the land, East Hampshire district council and the community, but the ICB is suffering from inertia.
Can the Minister speak to the ICB and suggest that it either builds this new health hub or refurbishes and renovates the Chase community hospital?
I have every sympathy with the case that the hon.
Gentleman has put forward.
This Government want to see a shift of health services from hospital to community, from analogue to digital, and from sickness to prevention, but these decisions are not taken through inertia; they are taken because of the Government’s inheritance from the Conservative party.
We have had 14 years of running down our health services, with needless reorganisations that have destroyed and set back the progress that the last Labour Government made on the NHS.
This Government will fix the NHS, including in the hon.
Gentleman’s local area, but he has to recognise that the root cause of many of the problems faced by Members across the Chamber lies at the feet of the former Secretary of State and the last Government.
We have heard about the challenges facing Whipps Cross hospital.
The Secretary of State’s decisions to pause capital projects across the country and put them under review has caused worry and uncertainty for staff in hospitals nationwide.
Can he say when the review will be completed, so that we have certainty about when things will go ahead?
The review will be completed when all the information has been analysed.
The hon.
Lady should not just be a little more patient; she should be a little more apologetic for the fact that the Government found a hospital rebuilding programme that was not worth the paper it was written on, because the ultimate paper we needed—the cash—was not there.
What assessment his Department has made of the effectiveness of the NHS dental contracting framework.
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for the excellent work he does for the people of Doncaster East and the Isle of Axholme.
The scale of the problem that he points out is massive.
One of the most shocking statistics I have discovered since taking up this position is that the most common reason for children aged five to nine being admitted to hospital is tooth decay.
That is completely and utterly shocking—truly Dickensian.
We cannot fix the matter overnight, but we are committed to reforming the dental contract and working with the British Dental Association to focus on prevention and on the retention of NHS dentists.
We are also working at pace to ensure that patients can access an additional 700,000 urgent dental appointments.
The horror stories I hear in my constituency are just awful: from the mum on the Isle of Axholme who could not find an NHS dentist after five years and who carries out her own treatment on her son, to a gentleman in Doncaster East whose teeth are crumbling due to illness, causing him horrendous pain, and who cannot get an appointment.