I call the shadow Minister.
The Labour manifesto spoke of the need for a consensus on social care, and the Secretary of State has said that he wants to reach out across the political divide—although the message does not seem quite to have reached the Minister yet.
During Health and Social Care questions in July, the Minister said that there would be announcements in the near future, but since then we have heard nothing.
We are ready to talk; when will the Government be ready?
I am not sure if the right hon.
Gentleman was listening to my previous answer.
We have just set out a groundbreaking piece of legislation to settle the issue of adult social care pay, which is more than the last lot did in 14 years.
We are absolutely committed to building cross-party consensus.
We know that we need a process that will be sustainable and fix adult social care for the long term.
That absolutely includes engagement and dialogue across this House, because we want to build a consensus that works.
We recognise that successive Governments have failed to get a grip on this issue, but we recognise the vital role that adult social care will play.
It is going to be a hugely  important part of our 10-year plan for the future of the NHS, and I look forward to engaging with all hon.
Members on this issue.
What assessment he has made of the adequacy of treatment for post-sepsis syndrome.
I thank the hon.
Member for raising awareness of this important issue.
He has spoken powerfully about the experiences of patients in his constituency and his wife’s personal battle with sepsis.
The long-term complications of sepsis can have a devastating impact long after discharge from hospital.
Through the National Institute for Health and Care Research, the Department is funding research to improve outcomes for sepsis survivors.
Last year, Abbi Hickson from Ashfield lost both her hands and her lower legs to sepsis.
The local hospital was very slow to diagnosis her condition, and since then she has been suffering from shortness of breath, fatigue and a lack of sleep.
This could be post-sepsis syndrome, yet nobody at the hospital has spoken to her about it.
Does the Minister agree that every single sepsis patient and survivor should be advised about this condition?
I absolutely do, and I pay tribute to Abbi, a beautiful woman whom I was privileged to meet after the Westminster Hall debate last week.
Although care after sepsis will vary hugely on a case-by-case basis, we need to make sure that the needs of each individual are met.
In this case, it sounds like they have not been met.
If the hon.
Gentleman wants to meet me to discuss this issue further, I am more than happy to do so.
Given that last month was Sepsis Awareness Month, will the Minister join me in paying tribute to the courage of John Snow and his family in my Dartford constituency?
Tragically, he has just experienced a quadruple amputation due to sepsis.
He has received amazing support from the Dartford community, who have rallied around to help fund support for his family.
Will the Minister use that as a spur to improve treatment for sepsis more generally across the country?
I pay tribute to John Snow and, indeed, my hon.
Friend’s constituents, who have rallied around him at his time of need.
This matter highlights the need to have better joined-up care to ensure that people who have sepsis receive the best care possible, that those who tragically lose limbs as a consequence of sepsis are able to have good-quality aftercare, and that we continue to raise awareness of sepsis and the risks it poses.
We think that about 48,000 people a year lose their lives to sepsis, but the truth is that we do not know, because the data is inconsistent.