But there is a solution: we can bring the design and delivery of services closer to the needs of citizens and there is plenty of precedence to go on here.
In the industrial revolution, Thomas Edison made a profound contribution to rewiring the way that industry was organised.
Prior to electricity generation, which he helped to develop, there tended to be only one motor in a factory.
Industry had to be organised around a single source of power, usually a steam engine, with every machine that needed power connecting directly to the central drive shaft in the ceiling above.
Components could be made, yes, but they then had to be transported elsewhere and assembled, usually by hand.
Energy was the central organising principle of industry, but electricity made it possible to pipe power to anywhere on the factory floor.
It meant that machines could be placed wherever they were needed, becoming more precise, efficient and specialised, and it led to mass manufacturing, with the product as the central organising principle of industry.
Over the past few years, we have gone through another revolution that is potentially even bigger—the communications revolution.
It is powered not by the invention of electricity, but by data.
Since the advent of the consumer web in the 1990s, people have come to expect a higher degree of personalisation in their interactions with organisations and services.
Data gathered from a wide range of sources—not just digital—is driving innovation and enabling more   tailored, proactive experiences for users.
This ability to be more pre-emptive and personalised does not even need people to be digitally enabled.
Data has enabled the rewiring of industry, not around the production line or the product, but around the citizen, or user experience.
That has caused profound change in the overall architecture of many modern organisations, but it has had limited impact on the way that Government and the state are structured.
There are great innovations taking place to try to integrate services and make them more patient or user centred, but without fundamental change in the underlying structures of power and public services, their effects will be limited.
From tackling climate change and preventing sewage spilling into the sea, to helping people get work and get about—let alone get a dentist appointment—so much of the change this country badly needs is not limited to one pillar of the state, but cross-cuts different Departments.
Perhaps it is time to move away from the traditional silos of Secretaries of State for education, health, and transport, and instead adopt a more citizen-focused model.
Imagine Secretaries of State for the citizen experience, for wellbeing and prosperity, for children or for data and privacy.
If people in North Norfolk are to get the changes they deserve to our rural health and social care provision, to access and prosper in the jobs of the future and to trust politicians as the custodians of our natural environment, we need to be prepared to rewire the structures of politics and public service delivery around the needs of the people they—and all of us in this House —serve.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Filton and Bradley Stoke (Claire Hazelgrove)  for such a passionate maiden speech.
She will be an excellent representative for her constituency.
It is a privilege to stand here to give my own as the first woman to represent Knowsley in Parliament.
My predecessor, Sir George Howarth, served Knowsley with dedication for over three decades.
In his maiden speech, he promised to
“shout and make a fuss”—[Official Report,  26 November 1986 ; Vol.
106, c. 289.]
for his constituents.
He certainly kept that promise, serving not only as a loyal constituency MP but as a Northern Ireland Minister under a Labour Government.
I have another illustrious predecessor: the MP for Huyton from 1950 to 1983, Harold Wilson, who served as a Labour Prime Minister.