Friend agree that only a fully costed, long-term approach from this Labour Government can deliver the modern healthcare that my constituents need?
My hon.
Friend, my constituency neighbour, is absolutely right.
He has been doing an outstanding job of representing the people of Leyton and Wanstead since his arrival.
What our constituents, and indeed constituents right across the country, deserve is honesty, clarity and consistency.
That is how we will turn the new hospitals programme from a press release into reality and how, in doing so, we will restore trust in  politics and, for businesses, the construction industry and the supply chain, restore confidence in public sector procurement.
Many Leicestershire residents are concerned about the Government’s review of the new hospitals programme, which would have seen two new hospitals, a midwifery-led unit and a multi-storey car park in the city.
What representations has the Minister made to the Chancellor to retain this vital investment for the NHS in Leicestershire?
The hon.
Gentleman asks what representations I am making to retain the funding.
If only that were the case.
The funding was not there.
The Conservative party went into the general election with a programme timetable that was a work of fiction and a claim to have a funded programme that was simply not true.
What we arrived to find was a timetable that was a load of rubbish and a £22 billion hole in the public finances that the party hid from the country because it did not want to confront the hard truths.
This Government are facing the facts and answering the challenges.
I am probably the only MP in this current Chamber who has recently used Whipps Cross hospital, which also serves my community in Walthamstow, because I had both my children there, so I know at first hand how desperately it needs redevelopment and how poor the facilities are that the amazing staff are having to use.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that finally getting this project moving under a Labour Government will also deliver thousands of much-needed homes in our local community?
It is a win-win situation, which is why it is such a travesty that, for years, Conservative Ministers came and took photos, but we never saw any diggers or spades in the ground.
Does he agree that Labour can change that?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
This is about not just the necessary hospital projects, but the growth that will come through construction, getting these projects up and running and, of course, the role that the NHS plays as an economic anchor institution in communities, as some of these projects will necessarily unlock new housing sites and a local transport infrastructure.
We are mindful of all of that.
The most important thing is that we come forward with a timetable that is credible and a programme that is funded, and that is exactly what we will do.
We look forward to getting the land in Chorley on that basis.
What assessment he has made of the effectiveness of district hospitals in providing services that meet the needs of local communities.
Lord Darzi’s report concluded that the health service is in a critical condition across the country.
District hospitals have a vital role to play in meeting the needs of their communities, and this   Government will support them to reduce waiting times, to improve urgent care and to play their part in building a neighbourhood health service.
Critical care at Furness general hospital in Barrow has been temporarily downgraded, meaning that those in most need of the highest level of care are now exposed to potentially life-threatening delays during a 50-mile transfer on difficult roads.
Will the Minister please look at this worrying decision by the University Hospitals of Morecambe Bay NHS foundation trust and do everything to enable the reopening of this service as soon as possible?
My hon.
Friend is a doughty fighter for her constituents.