Member for Paisley and Renfrewshire South (Johanna Baxter) .
Order.
Questions ought to be linked to the subject being dealt with, which is access to primary care.
I am sure that the hon.
Gentleman meant to ask, “Will there also be funding to improve access to primary care?”,
which I am sure the Minister can answer.
This Labour Government were elected to tackle health inequalities, fix our NHS and ensure that more people live longer, healthier lives.
That will require a concerted Government effort, which is why we have the health mission board in place.
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State is making the case for investment and reform at every opportunity, but let us be clear: every single Labour Government have left the country with a better NHS than they inherited, and this Labour Government will fix our NHS once more.
What his Department’s timetable is for announcing the outcome of its review of the new hospital programme in relation to the proposed redevelopment of Whipps Cross hospital.
I must declare an interest, because Whipps Cross hospital serves my constituents, as well as those of the right hon.
Gentleman.
On that basis, I am well aware that we desperately need the proposed redevelopment of the hospital.
That is why, in common with so many Members across the House, I am furious that the previous Government’s new hospitals programme had a timetable that was a work of fiction and money that will run out in March.
The assurance I can give to the right hon.
Gentleman, his constituents, my constituents, and the constituents of every right hon.
and hon.
Member across the House whose constituents are waiting for news on the new hospitals programme, is that we will deliver on a timetable that is credible and a programme that is funded, giving our constituents the clarity and consistency they deserve, and rebuilding by placing  the Government among our construction industry supply chain.
The Secretary of State knows that we have campaigned together for the redevelopment of Whipps Cross hospital, and whether that is delivered by a Labour or Conservative Government makes no difference to me.
I want to drag him to the reality of a specific point about the hospital: it was granted £1.2 million towards undertaking a business case, which it received in August, but that money has run out.
A total of £5 million is required to be ready when the decision is made; if it is not available, the hospital will lose the architects and builders.
Will he go back to the Department and ensure that the hospital receives that money, so that managers can be ready with the full, detailed business case the moment the decision is made?
Otherwise, it will cost £50 million extra over the next year to get the architects and builders back.
I beg the Secretary of State—I literally beg him—to look at that carefully.
I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman for his question.
Those practical considerations are very much part of the review.
I say to the poor project managers across the country who have had to deal with the previous Government’s stop-start approach that we are not going to make that mistake.
We are going to come forward with a credible plan that is also funded, not the work of fiction or the £22 billion black hole that the shadow Secretary of State left in her wake.
Whipps Cross hospital is in my constituency and it is my constituents who have had to endure five years of the previous Government organising photo opportunity after photo opportunity, not putting the contracts in place for the project to be up and running and ready to go.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that only a fully costed, long-term approach from this Labour Government can deliver the modern healthcare that my constituents need?
My hon.
Friend, my constituency neighbour, is absolutely right.