There will be an important national engagement exercise on shifting from hospital to community, from sickness to prevention and from analogue to digital, because given the total and utter chaos that we inherited, we need systemic reform.
I recently met representatives of Martins Oak and Oldwood surgeries in my constituency.
Both surgeries have ambitious plans to move to bigger premises so that they can see more  patients, but they face numerous challenges, including the gap between the lease lengths that the integrated care board will support and those that GP practices can get developers to sign up to.
There are other challenges that I am sure the Minister can help unpick, so will he meet me to see whether we can help bring those ambitious plans for new surgeries to fruition?
The hon.
Gentleman has considerable expertise in this area, given his background.
I would be happy to discuss that issue with him, but I remind him that although there may well be specific issues, there is a generic problem: the total and utter failure to ensure investment, reform and strategic thinking about our system.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Today, I am publishing the full findings of Dr Penny Dash’s review of the Care Quality Commission.
Her interim report made it clear that the CQC was not fit for purpose, with fewer inspections being carried out, urgent follow-ups being neglected and patient safety being put at risk.
Today, she makes seven recommendations for improvement, and I have made sure that the CQC has begun urgently putting them into practice.
We are also publishing a review of the CQC’s deeply flawed single assessment framework today.
Sir Julian Hartley will shortly begin as its new chief executive, with my full support.
My constituent Mark has been unable to find an NHS dentist for his 19-month-old child, even at the seventh time of trying.
My right hon.
Friend well understands the crisis he has inherited.
Will he meet me to discuss the shortage of dentistry in Stockton North and across Teesside?
I am sorry for my hon.
Friend’s constituents, and so many others who are dealing with the consequences of the Conservatives’ failure on dentistry.
I would be delighted to meet him to discuss the challenges in his area.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
I congratulate all nominees and winners in the NHS parliamentary awards yesterday.
Their success was richly deserved, and the awards were a very good example of the House coming together to celebrate those who work so hard in our health service and social care services.
In the past five weeks, I have asked the Secretary of State 29 questions at this Dispatch Box, yet he has managed to answer only one.
For the rest, he has tried to bluster his way out of his policy decisions, as we have seen this morning.
Let us try again.
When will be the first week in which we see delivery of his promised 40,000 more appointments?
After the performances I had to put up with when the right hon.
Lady was at the Government Dispatch Box, she has some brass neck complaining at the Opposition Dispatch Box that I am not answering  her questions.
She will know that we are working at pace to stand up 40,000 more appointments every week as our first step, as promised in our manifesto, and we will deliver.
More than that, we will go into the next election with a record of which the right hon.
Lady can only dream.
After 14 years of opposition—two and a half of which the Secretary of State spent on the Front Bench and travelling around the world, funded by other Governments, to look at their healthcare systems—and more than 100 days in government, the right hon.
Gentleman does not even know the start date of his own flagship policy.
He is no Action Man; he is Anchorman.