The right hon.
Member is right that prison officers do an outstanding job.
I want to take the opportunity to commend the work of prison officers up and down this country.
Eighty prisons now have incentivised substance-free living units, providing a supportive environment for prisoners who commit to living drug-free, with regular drug tests and incentives.
That project appears to be working.
There has been a long-standing issue at Wandsworth prison in my constituency, which has multiple drone drops every single week.
Given the lack of CCTV, no netting and high staff vacancies, little can be done to combat them.
Following the announcement of a £100 million investment into the prison, will the Minister please ensure that all these issues are addressed and ameliorated?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that we need to work hard to address these issues, but if there were a simple solution, the previous Administration would have waved that magic wand and we would not be sitting here today.
It is important that the ongoing work of prison governors, supported by HMPPS across the country and by Ministers, gets to the bottom of this and sorts things out, which is what we are trying to do.
LiveLink Aerospace in my constituency is a surveillance company that has created a technology that is being used on Royal Navy ships, in airports and on private yachts.
This technology could be crucial to maintaining the no-fly zones above prisons, which were introduced in January last year.
Will the Minister explore this technology?
Will he come to my constituency to visit LiveLink Aerospace and see what the technology can do?
It is important that we take advantage of what intelligence is out there.
If the hon.
Lady writes to me, I will be happy to follow that up appropriately with her and the business involved.
Does the Minister agree that the Conservative party left our prisons in crisis, with drug and drone use rife?
Will he outline the urgent steps that his Government are taking to ensure that such colossal failure can never happen again?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
We inherited a prison estate that was 99.7% full.
The police and the courts were in danger of not being able to lock people up.
That was an abrogation of duty by the Conservative party.
We have rolled up our sleeves and tackled that, and we will tackle this problem as well.
I thank the Minister for a very positive recent meeting on an unrelated subject.
Is the main problem here the detection of the incoming drones, or the ability to impede the deliveries once they have been detected?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for the positive meeting I had recently with him, officials and the local business.
The answer to his question is that both those things are issues.
On visiting the three prisons in the Sheppey prison cluster in my constituency, it is clear to see how the prison estate has been degraded over the past 14 years.
I have talked to prison officers, who are my constituents, as well as working in the constituency, about the problems they face day in, day out.
It takes more than a few signs saying “no drones” to stop those drones.
What is the Minister doing to listen to prison officers and the Prison Officers Association, and to support them in tackling this?
Those officers face threats and pressure from organised crime.
Will he meet me to discuss this further?
I would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend; if he could drop me a note to remind me, I will do that.
This week, the Prisons Minister is meeting officials from the Prison Officers Association.
Whenever I visit prisons, as I do regularly, I meet the Prison Officers Association representative in that prison.
They are key partners in tackling the problems that we have inherited from the previous Government.