As we want to see the end of the despotic regime that brutalises the people of Iran, now is the time for sanctions and the proscription of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps once and for all.
Will the Minister take the necessary action to bring that regime to its knees, so that democracy can be restored to Iran?
I recognise that the hon.
Member has asked questions about proscribing the IRGC a number of times in this Chamber, and I can assure him that we are working urgently on measures to take the necessary action to deter the Iranian state from posing a threat to this country and the region.
We will continue to update the House in due course.
With the re-election of President Trump in the US, we are likely to see a return to his policy of maximum pressure to prevent Iran from developing a nuclear weapon.
What is the Secretary of State’s view on that approach?
Will the Government support our allies in the United States of America?
We continue to work closely with the American Administration, and we look forward to doing so with the new Administration.
It is regrettably true that Iran’s nuclear programme has never been more advanced, and it threatens international peace and security.
We remain determined that Iran must never develop a nuclear weapon, and we remain committed to a diplomatic solution to achieve that.
What steps he is taking to help improve the humanitarian situation in Gaza.
What steps he is taking to help improve the humanitarian situation in Gaza.
What steps he is taking to help improve the humanitarian situation in Gaza.
The scale of humanitarian suffering in Gaza is catastrophic and unacceptable.
The UK condemns Israel’s restrictions on aid in the strongest terms.
This is a man-made crisis, and Israel must act immediately to address it.
The aid agencies I have spoken to are particularly concerned about access to medical facilities and critical shortages of medical supplies in Gaza, particularly northern Gaza.
In the light of that, what steps are the Government taking to get additional medical supplies to Gaza for both Palestinians and Israeli hostages in desperate humanitarian situations?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising this incredibly important issue.
In December, I saw for myself in Jordan how medical aid had been blocked from entering Gaza.
As I have said before, the   position that the UK Government have articulated at every possible juncture is that restrictions on lifesaving aid must end.
The UK continues to provide core healthcare relief items, and has provided 76,000 wound care kits, 1.3 million items of medicine, and critical funding for UK-Med to run its field hospitals in Gaza.
I thank the Minister for her response, and I welcome the Foreign Secretary’s efforts to secure a sustainable ceasefire and the release of hostages.
Many of my constituents have expressed concern about the recent raid of Kamal Adwan hospital, which was one of the last healthcare facilities still operating in Gaza.
The hospital’s director, Dr Safiya, was detained along with several of his staff during that raid.
International law prohibits the detention of medical staff in conflict zones.
What is the Minister doing to secure the release of these medical staff so that Gaza’s civilians can continue to access essential medical care?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise this critically important issue.
We have raised the protection of healthcare facilities and the detention of healthcare workers directly with the Israeli Government.
The Minister for the middle east, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Lincoln (Mr Falconer) , has specifically raised the detention of Dr Hussam Abu Safiya with both Israel’s deputy Foreign Minister and its ambassador to the UK.
The ceasefire that is apparently being progressed is seemingly the same as the one drafted in May, which was deliberately frustrated by members of the Israeli Government.