The Minister for the middle east, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Lincoln (Mr Falconer) , has specifically raised the detention of Dr Hussam Abu Safiya with both Israel’s deputy Foreign Minister and its ambassador to the UK.
The ceasefire that is apparently being progressed is seemingly the same as the one drafted in May, which was deliberately frustrated by members of the Israeli Government.
Sadly, since that time, hostages and those falsely imprisoned have remained captive and so many lives have been lost.
No doubt the Minister can assure the public that, should the ceasefire be confirmed, every effort will be made to get aid and supplies to the Palestinians, particularly those in northern Gaza.
Does she agree that this means that neither Israeli military activity nor Israeli legislation preventing the work of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency can be accepted?
There absolutely must be a surge of aid into Gaza; that will be critical after a ceasefire.
However, impediments to aid that remain must also be removed.
The issue of UNRWA has been previously discussed in the House.
The UK Government’s position is that UNRWA must be able to continue to operate.
It is the only organisation with the scale and depth necessary to get that lifesaving aid to people who need it.
UAV Engines Ltd, based in Staffordshire, manufactures the engines powering the Hermes 450 drone, which is manufactured by Elbit Systems in the UK and used by the Israeli military in the Gaza strip.
Israel regards the Hermes 450 as a critical asset, providing strike capabilities.
Will the Minister confirm whether those drones, engines or any other parts for the Hermes 450 drone are still being supplied to Israel from the UK?
The UK has the most robust arms control regime in any global comparison.
This Government were determined to ensure that we fulfilled our legal  responsibilities and that we assessed, fully and legally, arms exportation licences.
I can confirm to the House that since  2 September  there have been no extant UK export licences for items to Israel that we assess are for use in military operations in Gaza.
Last week, Hamas fired rockets at the Erez crossing, demonstrating once again the terror group’s intention to disrupt aid delivery and prolong the suffering of Gazans, as well as Israelis.
What assistance have the UK Government offered to support repairing that crossing and support Israel as it gets much-needed aid into Gaza?
We remain directly in contact with Israel, with UN agencies and with other partners in the region.
That is obviously at ministerial level and also with our special representative for humanitarian issues in the Occupied Palestinian Territories.
The issues of crossings and their openness and safety have been raised repeatedly by the special representative and by members of this Government.
That also covers attacks by the terrorists Hamas on those crossings.
While Gaza stands on the verge of absolute annihilation, the Israeli ambassador to the UK has repeatedly expressed opposition to a two-state solution, emphasising that that is not a feasible solution.
Given that the UK has consistently expressed support for a two-state solution but does not yet recognise one of the states, will the Minister clarify any discussions she has had with the Israeli ambassador?
Order.
This question is about humanitarian aid, but I am sure the Minister will be able to answer.
The UK Government’s position is, indeed, that there must be a two-state solution.
The new Government have been determined to do all we can towards that end.
That will include advocating for that solution at every juncture, including with embassies and, as would be expected, with the Israeli embassy.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of the war in Gaza on UK support for Israel.
The UK remains committed to supporting Israel’s security and wider regional stability in the face of threats from malign actors such as Iran.