It is not often that circumstances demand that the UK appoint someone who is not a career diplomat to be our ambassador to such a key NATO ally.
To silence critics and to show respect to Parliament and its Committees, will the Foreign Office agree that we should return to the policy of the previous Labour Government, and allow Lord Mandelson the time to come before my Committee before he leaves for the United States?
That will allow my colleagues to hear directly why the Prime Minister has appointed him, and to learn what his priorities are in this crucial diplomatic role.
We are absolutely convinced that Lord Mandelson will do an excellent job as our representative in Washington, and it was a pleasure to meet him last week and discuss his plans as he prepares to take up his post.
Obviously we have one ambassador at a time, but I am sure that we will consider any request that my right hon.
Friend makes in due course in the normal way in which we consider requests from her Committee.
I call the shadow Minister.
The NATO alliance stands at the cornerstone of our defence and has been essential to the security of the free world.
Given the importance of the Indo-Pacific security alliance, strengthening co-operation and dialogue with key allies in the region has been paramount, and our military base on Diego Garcia is a vital British-American strategic asset.
However, Ministers have failed to give answers to questions about its future, or about the costs involved in the proposed treaty with Mauritius.
Will the Minister give one straight answer?
Will he make a commitment to the House to wait until President Trump is in office and has had time to discuss this deal with the new Administration before finalising any agreement with Mauritius—yes or no?
The shadow Minister is right about the importance of security in the Indo-Pacific.
Indeed, when we see North Korean troops fighting in Russia and Ukraine, when we see Iranian missiles being used and when we see military companies elsewhere in the Indo-Pacific region supplying Russia, it is crucial that we see global security as one.
As you know, Mr Speaker, I have answered many questions about the matter to which the hon.
Gentleman has referred.
Our deal secures the future security of the base on Diego Garcia, and it has support across the US Administration and across the United States national security apparatus.
We will come forward with details in due course.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
As my hon.
Friend  the Member for Honiton and Sidmouth (Richard Foord)  pointed out, President-elect Trump has threatened to use force to seize the Panama canal and Greenland, and he has promised tariffs of 25% on Canada and Mexico.
Whatever else we can predict about the presidency that begins next Monday, we know that it will be unpredictable.
May I therefore ask the Minister what steps his Government has taken to Trump-proof UK foreign policy so that we cannot be held hostage in the security, economic or climate realm by a President who puts short-term deals ahead of long-term relationships, and what specific steps the Government have taken to accelerate an improvement in the UK’s relationship with European partners since  5 November ?
On the hon.
Gentleman’s last point, he knows very well the commitments that we have made to European security through NATO—and, indeed, through our reset of relations not only with the European Union but across Europe—and the leadership that we have shown in, for example, tackling the Russian shadow fleet by working with partners across Europe, a process that we began at the European Political Community summit.
The special relationship endures—it has endured, and it will continue to endure—and we look forward to working with President-elect Trump and his team on a range of issues.