There can be few places in our country that need this Bill more than Bournemouth East.
A total of 33% of households in my constituency are in private rented accommodation, which is considerably more than the national average of 19%.
In Boscombe West, a ward, 60% are private renting, and in East Cliff, where I live, it is 56%.
Rents went up in Bournemouth, Christchurch and Poole by 9% in the year to October 2024, which is higher than the national average.
Some 81% of respondents to Shelter’s Dorset survey in BCP said that they were struggling to pay their rent.
As somebody who used to lead a mental health charity, I know the link between health outcomes, poor mental health and poor rented accommodation.
For everybody living in poor rented accommodation in Bournemouth East, I know there will be a significant effect on health outcomes.
I want to talk briefly about the abolition of no-fault evictions and bring my constituents into the debate.
My constituent Caroline from Boscombe had lived in overcrowded private rented housing with her two children with special educational needs and disabilities for 11 years before being given a section 21.
Being forced to move at short notice has significantly negatively affected her mental health.
The Labour Government’s abolition of so-called no-fault evictions in the Bill will go a long way to giving tenants like Caroline greater security.
I also welcome a decent homes standard now being applied to the private rented sector.
My constituent Naomi, from Boscombe, recently contacted me about the repeated incidence of mould in her one-bedroom rented flat, which she shares with her partner and their 10-week-old baby.
The flat also has dangerous loose floorboards, a leaking shower and fire doors that do not close.
Her landlord continues to ignore her emails.
The provisions in the Bill that apply the decent homes standard to the private rented sector will give renters like Naomi safer, better-value homes and remove the blight of poor-quality homes from our communities.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to demonstrate UK leadership on climate change.
The Foreign Secretary made clear at his Kew lecture that the climate must be at the heart of all that the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office does.
When we have that focus on climate adaptation and mitigation, we see economic growth globally and in our country.
The rising death tolls from the wildfires in Los Angeles and the damage to our communities recently caused by Storms Bert and Darragh serve as clear reminders of escalating weather extremes and the urgent need to tackle the climate emergency.
Will the Minister explain how the Government are actively driving efforts to cut emissions and champion clean energy, both in the UK and across the globe?
Our thoughts are with all those hit by the dreadful crises that my hon.
Friend mentions.
At COP29, the UK showed leadership in setting an ambitious nationally determined contribution to cut emissions by 81% by 2035.
We are championing clean energy at home and abroad, including through the launch of GB Energy and the global clean power alliance.
Former MI6 chief Sir Richard Dearlove has warned against the risks of relying on China for Britain’s energy infrastructure.
What assessment has the Minister made of the involvement of Chinese supply chains in the Government’s solar plans?
This Government are determined to have a consistent and clear-eyed approach to China and to avoid the oscillation that we saw under previous Governments; as a result, we are conducting a China audit that will look thoroughly at all our relationships with China.
We will compete where we must, challenge where we need to and co-operate where that is necessary.
I call the shadow Minister.
The Government signed up to a $300 billion climate finance package at COP29, with the amount increasing by $50 billion to get a deal.