On the hon.
Gentleman’s last point, he knows very well the commitments that we have made to European security through NATO—and, indeed, through our reset of relations not only with the European Union but across Europe—and the leadership that we have shown in, for example, tackling the Russian shadow fleet by working with partners across Europe, a process that we began at the European Political Community summit.
The special relationship endures—it has endured, and it will continue to endure—and we look forward to working with President-elect Trump and his team on a range of issues.
I have already given an answer in relation to Greenland; in relation to Panama, we respect the Torrijos–Carter treaties and recognise the important role that Panama plays in world trade.
What steps his Department is taking to support the victims of the humanitarian crisis in Sudan.
What steps he is taking to help improve the humanitarian situation in Sudan.
The UK will continue to use all diplomatic avenues to press the warring parties in Sudan into a permanent ceasefire, to enable unrestricted humanitarian access and to protect civilians.
The Liberal Democrats welcome the humanitarian support that the Government are giving to Sudan.
We also recognise that greater protections are needed for women, children and ethnic minority groups.
In the light of the failure of the United Nations to back safe areas, what is the UK doing to create safe zones for schools and hospitals in Sudan?
I am grateful for the hon.
Lady’s support for the measures the UK Government have been taking.
Clearly, there are dreadful problems when it comes to civilian protection in Sudan.
The UK put forward a resolution to the Security Council, with Sierra Leone, focused on the protection of civilians.
It was appalling that Russia vetoed that resolution.
We will continue to use every avenue available to us to promote their safety.
I thank the Minister for her reply and for the focus she has given this important issue.
The suffering, famine and displacement in Sudan are only intensifying, so will she outline the practical steps the Government are taking to protect human rights, promote peace and bring an end to this appalling conflict?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for mentioning the extreme need to act on what is the worst humanitarian crisis in the world.
The UK has doubled its aid to Sudan.
We have sought to use the UN Security Council, as I mentioned.
We ensured through the Foreign Secretary that there was a Sudan session with G7 and Arab Quint Foreign Ministers, and the UK special representative to Sudan has visited Sudan; that occurred in December for the first time since the conflict.
I welcome what the right hon.
Lady said yesterday, but the delivery of aid is clearly being used as a weapon in this conflict.
What steps are being taken to ensure that the aid gets through to the people most in need on the ground in Sudan?
I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman for raising that.
I know he shares our deep concern about the impact of restrictions on aid, which we have particularly seen feeding through into the famine assessment from the IPC—integrated food security phase classification—that came out at the end of last year.
There must be, above all, a permanent opening of crossings.
We were, of course, pleased to see the Adre crossing open for three months, but it must be opened permanently.
We also need to see cross-line availability of aid.
We need to have the warring parties focused on humanitarian need, not on pursuing a war that they both appear to think they can win but as a result of which civilians are suffering appallingly.
Following on from the question from  the right hon.