There are significant opportunities to expand our presence in new markets, and the tangible outcomes we have delivered this week will help to deliver that.
These steps are part of a wider programme to make substantive progress on improving arrangements for UK exporters and investors, as reflected in new agreements on vaccine approvals, fertiliser, whisky labelling, legal services, automotives and accountancy, which have set us on course for this dialogue to unlock £1 billion of value for the UK economy.
These outcomes, agreed with my counterpart Vice-Premier He Lifeng, represent pragmatic co-operation in action, and support secure and resilient economic growth, because security and economic growth go hand in hand.
That means finding the right way to build a stable and balanced relationship with China that is in our national interest—one that recognises the importance of co-operation in addressing the global issues that we face, of competing where our interests differ, and of challenging robustly whenever that is required.
In Beijing and Shanghai, I was clear that while we must co-operate on areas of mutual interest, we will confidently challenge on areas where we disagree.
I expressed our country’s real economic and trade concerns to the Chinese, including about trade imbalances and economic security, and  I raised concerns about Russia’s illegal war in Ukraine, human rights, and restrictions on rights and freedoms in Hong Kong, including the case of Jimmy Lai and the completely unjustified sanctions against British parliamentarians.
A key outcome of this dialogue is that we have secured China’s commitment to improving existing channels, so that we can openly discuss sensitive issues and the ways in which they impact our economy, because if we do not engage with China, we cannot raise our real concerns.
This dialogue is just one part of our engagement with trading partners across the world.
Since becoming Chancellor, I have been to New York, Washington, Toronto and Brussels to build our global economic relationships, while my right hon.
Friend the Business Secretary has travelled to the Gulf to boost trade and investment, and my right hon.
Friend the Foreign Secretary is engaging with partners all over the world to deliver growth that benefits people across the United Kingdom.
We must continue to go further, faster, in driving economic growth to make working people better off.
That is why the Prime Minister launched our artificial intelligence opportunities action plan yesterday.
It throws the full weight of Government behind AI in the UK to revolutionise our public services and make our economy more productive.
It is why next week I will talk to business leaders, investors and entrepreneurs at the World Economic Forum meeting in Davos to make the case that the UK is one of the best places in the world in which to invest.
In the coming weeks, I will set out further details of our plans to kick-start growth in the economy after 14 years of failure from the Conservative party.
I call the shadow Chancellor of the Exchequer.
It is good to see the Chancellor in her place, and I thank her for advance sight of her statement.
I know that she has been away, so let me update her on the mess that she left behind.
The pound has hit a 14-month low; Government borrowing costs are at a 27-year high; growth has been killed stone dead; inflation is rising, impacting millions; interest rates are staying higher for longer; and business confidence has fallen through the floor.
The Labour party talked down the economy and crippled businesses with colossal taxes, breaking all their promises.
This is a crisis made in Downing Street.
It should hardly surprise the Chancellor that international markets are uneasy.
The UK’s long-term borrowing costs have risen to their highest in almost 30 years.
But while the Government were losing control of the economy, where was the Chancellor?
Her trip to China had not even begun when my urgent question was taken in the House last week.