That will include advocating for that solution at every juncture, including with embassies and, as would be expected, with the Israeli embassy.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of the war in Gaza on UK support for Israel.
The UK remains committed to supporting Israel’s security and wider regional stability in the face of threats from malign actors such as Iran.
We are clear that Israel must act in accordance with international humanitarian law and do more to protect civilians, hospitals and those who are in desperate need of their services.
Notwithstanding the hope that we all have of a ceasefire, atrocities continue to take place daily in Gaza, with the killing of children, the bombing of hospitals and the threat of banning aid at the end of the month.
Will the Secretary of State explain exactly what the Israeli Government have to do to persuade the UK Government to impose sanctions, ban all arms sales and recognise the state of Palestine?
Since coming into office we have taken significant action: calling, of course, for a ceasefire—we have been calling for a ceasefire since December 2023; suspending relevant arms sales, as has been set out by my right hon.
Friend the Minister for Development; and increasing the amount of aid to the Occupied Palestinian Territories.
We are also in steadfast support of UNRWA.
Israel remains an important ally.
We have an important trading relationship, worth £6.1 billion last year and involving 38,000 British jobs.
I am sorry; any discussion of sanctions is just not correct.
I invite the Foreign Secretary to welcome the appointment of Nawaf Salam and to comment on its implications for our relationship with Lebanon and Israel and for Iran’s influence in the region.
What does he intend to do to ensure that that positive step improves our relationship with Israel, Lebanon and the countries in the eastern Mediterranean?
I am very grateful for this opportunity to speak about Lebanon.
The developments in Lebanon over the past few days could transform the region.
The appointment of a new President and a new Prime Minister could provide Lebanon with the opportunity to see Hezbollah’s capability diminished, which the whole international community should grab hold of.
As the right hon.
Member knows from his time in office, the UK contribution to the Lebanese armed forces is important and one that the Lebanese treasure.
We intend to continue with that and to go further over the coming months, which I know he will welcome.
What assessment he has made of the British Council’s financial sustainability.
May I pay tribute to the hon.
Member for her overseas work as the British Council’s former director of communications? [
Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear!”]
I understand that she was posted in London, Paris, Tokyo and Shanghai.
I am jealous, as my assignments in my overseas postings were rather different.
The British Council’s board of trustees is responsible for the organisation’s financial sustainability.
As an FCDO arm’s length body, the British Council received £162.5 million of grant in aid funding in 2024-25.
My noble Friend, Baroness Chapman, oversees this as the Minister responsible.
This contribution supports the British Council’s role as a soft power asset, promoting UK arts and culture, education, and the English language.
Mr Speaker, may I declare another interest as the officer of the British Council all-party parliamentary group?
The British Council delivers more than £1 billion-worth of global impact for the UK every year.
During the pandemic, it was forced to close 18 country operations, none of which has since reopened.
The then Foreign Secretary Dominic Raab gave it an emergency loan, but set it out on commercial terms.
The interest on this loan  is costing the British Council £14 million a year.