I remind the House that on  9 January  I announced that the UK had formally joined the list of countries pledging political support to the initiative to refer Afghanistan to the International Court of Justice for violations of the convention on the elimination of all forms of discrimination against women.
Will Ministers update the House on the implementation of the advisory opinion from the ICJ on the Occupied Palestinian Territories, particularly in relation to the consequences for the UK and other nation states?
We continue to consider the advisory opinion of the ICJ carefully.
It is a far-reaching opinion that took months in the production, and we hope to be able to report back soon.
Following up on the case of Alaa Abd el-Fattah in Egypt, will the Secretary of State say when he expects a substantial response to his engagement with the Egyptian Government?
Will he confirm that he will not travel to Egypt unless he is confident that he can return with Alaa?
Our relationship with Egypt is multifaceted.
Today, this House has discussed the hope of a hostage deal, and the hon.
Lady will understand the importance that the Egyptians play in that.
As I said, I raised this issue on Sunday.
I raised it on  20 December .
I have pressed for Alaa’s release, and we will continue to do all  we can, including the Prime Minister and the National Security Adviser.
In the end, this is in the hands of the Egyptians.
Turkey has increasingly been threatening interventions beyond Syria.
It has given shelter to Hamas and has announced a new programme to develop long-range weapons.
As a fellow NATO ally, how will the Government work with Ankara to secure peace and stability in the middle east?
I met my opposite number in Saudi Arabia at the weekend to discuss the issues in north-east Syria.
He of course raised his long-standing concerns about Kurdish groups in the north-east, and I made it clear, along with many allies, that we do not want to see further escalation in Syria at this time.
We continue to be in dialogue with a very close NATO ally.
The Minister keeps telling the House that negotiations with Mauritius have been going on for two years.
Will he explain to the House why he is so reluctant to extend those negotiations by just one week until the Trump Administration take office?
They may take a very different view of the negotiations from that of the Biden Administration.
I simply refer the right hon.
Gentleman to the answers I have given repeatedly.
This deal is in the interests of the United Kingdom and in the interests of the United States, and it has been supported by all parts of the United States Administration.
There is no rush.
There are ongoing discussions, but we are not going to give a running commentary.
My constituent Jagtar Singh Johal has been in arbitrary detention in India for more than seven years.
The Secretary of State and his ministerial team have been extremely generous with their time and assistance to help resolve the situation, but can I seek the Minister’s assurance that those efforts are ongoing?
Ministers have engaged frankly with counterparts in India on Mr Johal’s case, pushing for faster progress towards a resolution, including the call for an investigation into allegations of torture by the authorities.
The Government are right to continue the all-party approach to the next International Development Association replenishment of the World Bank, which is extremely good value for taxpayer money.
Will the Foreign Secretary press the Treasury to match what the former Chancellor, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Godalming and Ash (Jeremy Hunt) , did in adding £2.5 billion to the 0.5% official development assistance budget, to help defray some of the costs of first-year asylum seekers, which that budget bears?
Otherwise, we will be spending more development money in UK postal districts than in Africa.