I call the Father of the House.
Leaving aside whether it is wise to spend £9 billion on giving away what is already yours, given that the Trump Administration is now less than a week away, would it not be wise to wait another week, pause these negotiations, have a quiet word with the incoming American Secretary of State, and then work out what is in our interests and those of our closest ally?
I simply refer the right hon.
Gentleman to the answers we have given previously on this issue.
There is strong support from across the US national security apparatus—from the State Department, from the White House and from the Pentagon.
We are convinced that this is a deal that has protections in it to protect our national security and that of our allies, most importantly the United States.
I draw the House’s attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests regarding my recent trip to Kosovo.
While I was in Kosovo, I met the President and the Prime Minister, who were seriously concerned about incursions across their northern border, where Kosovo Force troops are based between Kosovo and Serbia.
Can Ministers please provide a progress update as to the bilateral security agreement between Kosovo and the United Kingdom?
That peace was hard-won and must be retained.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right about our historical role and responsibilities in relation to Kosovo.
KFOR makes a vital contribution to maintaining a safe and secure environment in Kosovo, and of course UK troops play a key part in that.
We engage very closely with our partners in Kosovo and across the region, and continue to urge Serbia and Kosovo to engage constructively in the EU-facilitated dialogue.
In recent months, I have spoken to both Prime Minister Kurti and Foreign Minister Đurić of Serbia.
Wimbledon has one of the largest Korean populations in the UK, and there is widespread concern in the community about the ongoing situation in South Korea.
Can the Foreign Secretary tell the House what communications, if any, the Government have had with acting President Choi or suspended President Yoon concerning the current situation?
The UK Government have been in touch with the South Koreans, our great friends, and we continue to support the arrangements there, any democratic moves towards stability and the ongoing relationship with the UK.
The Israeli Government have stated that Israel’s presence in the Golan heights buffer zone is defensive, limited and temporary.
Given that the Israeli Cabinet has recently approved a financial package to increase the number of illegal settlements in the Golan heights, what assessment has the Secretary of State made of the veracity of Israel’s statement?
My hon.
Friend will be pleased that I raised this issue directly with the Israeli Foreign Minister yesterday.
He wanted to emphasise that this is a temporary measure in Israel’s national interests, and I emphasised that the Syrian Foreign Minister had made it clear to me that the Syrians stand by the 1974 commitment and do not want to seek any escalation with their Israeli neighbour.
Tower Hamlets planning officers have rejected China’s application to build a super-embassy there, but rather than put this through the appeals process that anyone else would have to go through, the Foreign Secretary has got the Deputy Prime Minister to call in that application.
My question to the Foreign Secretary is: why the special treatment?
Does he not realise how dodgy it is going to look if she does finally decide for China?
I have to say to the hon.
Gentleman that all due process has been followed in the normal way.
This is the same as any planning application, and the implication of what he has just said in relation to the Deputy Prime Minister is quite unsavoury.