He is right also to say that we need to grip this, which is why the Prisons Minister in the other place has visited Manchester and is regularly updated on the situation there.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
The word that was missing from the shadow Justice Secretary’s question just now was “sorry”.
A National Audit Office report said of the then Conservative Treasury’s investment in prison maintenance and security that
“capital budget allocations for prisons have been well below the level needed.”
Who was a Treasury Minister at that time?
None other than the shadow Justice Secretary.
Today’s report is the latest chapter in a catalogue of Tory prison failures that scuppered their mission to reduce reoffending, and therefore let down victims of crime.
Will the Minister tell us about a new approach to better empower governors with the investment and the autonomy needed to properly invest in prison maintenance and security?
What investment will he make in prison officer recruitment through programmes such as Unlocked Graduates, which are critical to help drive security in our prisons?
The hon.
Member is right about the failures missing in the shadow Minister’s question.
He is also right to ask what the Government are doing to support prison officers and prison governors.
We are investing in that, and we will announce a new programme for training and developing new governors very shortly.
I thank the Minister for his statement.
The Conservatives are doing another faux outrage, as they were the ones who ceded the airspace after 14 years of colossal failure in our justice system.
What lessons can we learn from that failure so that we tackle the problem of drugs in prisons, which are a big driver of drone drops?
The lesson is that we need to work with prison governors and the police and invest in actions to deal with the problem.
That is exactly what we are doing.
We are working with everybody in the system to sort this mess out.
Apart from the serious security concerns that this activity raises, it shows that prisons bring resource pressures for local police forces.
In West Suffolk, where Highpoint prison  is due to grow significantly in the years ahead, the police have asked me to ask the Minister to ensure they receive additional funding to reflect that pressure.
Will he do so?
The hon.
Member is right that it is important that local police forces work strongly with HM Prison and Probation Service on this issue.
That is what is happening.
He will know that funding, both locally and nationally, is dealt with in an appropriate way.
The Prison Officers’ Association has been saying for the past five years that the threat of drones destabilises our prisons and poses a massive security risk.
Let me draw the Minister’s attention to the anti-drone system at HMP Guernsey, which very effectively prevents that threat.
Can we expect this new system to be implemented in all prisons in England and Wales?
Anything that works will be built upon—that is part of it.
Drone technology has been accelerated through the Ukraine war.
We know that we need to work very hard to keep ahead of the felons on this.
We all appreciate the destructive impact of drugs in our prisons.
In Stone, Great Wyrley and Penkridge, we have the largest cluster of prisons in the United Kingdom, with HMP Featherstone, HMP Oakwood and Brinsford young offender institution.
Prison officers do an amazing job trying to tackle this issue, but what specific measures can the Minister bring forward to support their work, to try to ensure that prisoners ultimately get on to the path of rehabilitation and kick the habit of drugs?
The right hon.
Member is right that prison officers do an outstanding job.
I want to take the opportunity to commend the work of prison officers up and down this country.