Gentleman supported failed to tackle this problem.
This Government are rolling up our sleeves and getting on with it.
This is a long-standing problem, and the previous Government did not do anywhere near enough to deal with it.
What they did do, when former Prime Minister Liz Truss was Lord Chancellor, was arrange for more dogs to bark at drones around prisons, which they assured us would work.
Has the Ministry of Justice done an assessment on how effective that policy was?
I think everybody agrees that that policy was barking.
I thank the Minister for his answers today, and for his clear commitment to making changes that will make a difference.
In Northern Ireland prisons, contraband has been a difficult issue to get on top of.
Given the news today that drones are being so successfully used in the UK, there is obvious cause for concern that their use may become more prevalent.
How will the Minister ensure that the steps taken apply equally across this great United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, and that any additional funding that is required will be allocated?
Any lessons learned need to be applied across the United Kingdom, and that will happen.
We need to work with our Five Eyes partners to ensure that the very best action is taken.
Northern Ireland needs to get the best of that as well.
Growth is the No.
1 mission of this Labour Government.
To grow the economy, we need to help Great British businesses to export around the world, including to China, the second biggest economy in the world and our fourth-largest trading partner.
Not engaging is simply not an option.
That is why I led a delegation, including the Governor of the Bank of England, the chief executive of the Financial Conduct Authority and representatives of some of Britain’s largest financial service firms, including HSBC, Standard Chartered and Schroders, to the 2025 UK-China economic and financial dialogue—the first of its kind since 2019.
This dialogue has delivered a set of tangible benefits to ensure that British firms have greater access to the Chinese market, while safeguarding our national security—the first duty of any Government.
In China, I met outstanding British companies, such as Brompton, Jaguar Land Rover and AstraZeneca, that will benefit from the steps that we have agreed.
We have worked to lift market access barriers across a range of goods and services, particularly in the agrifood sector.
On financial services, we have successfully secured new licences and quota allocations for UK firms to improve operating access in China.
We agreed to co-operate further, including by renewing our shared commitment to the UK-China stock connect scheme, first launched in 2019, by deepening our co-operation on wealth management through a UK-China wealth connect scheme, and by progressing initiatives on pensions and sustainable finance, delivering significant benefits for UK firms and the City of London.
I am pleased that China agreed to issue its first ever overseas sovereign green bond in London in 2025, underlining the UK’s position as a global capital for high-quality sustainable finance.
The UK is a global leader in financial services.
There are significant opportunities to expand our presence in new markets, and the tangible outcomes we have delivered this week will help to deliver that.
These steps are part of a wider programme to make substantive progress on improving arrangements for UK exporters and investors, as reflected in new agreements on vaccine approvals, fertiliser, whisky labelling, legal services, automotives and accountancy, which have set us on course for this dialogue to unlock £1 billion of value for the UK economy.
These outcomes, agreed with my counterpart Vice-Premier He Lifeng, represent pragmatic co-operation in action, and support secure and resilient economic growth, because security and economic growth go hand in hand.