Across two visits in September and October, he described a damning picture of thriving illicit economies that jeopardise the safety of dedicated prison staff.
In HMP Manchester, almost four in 10 prisoners have tested positive in mandatory drug tests, and in HMP Long Lartin the figure was nearly three in 10.
Those two prisons hold some of the most dangerous men in our country, including murderers and terrorists.
If organised crime gangs can deliver phones and drugs to inmates’ cells, they could be delivering serious weapons and explosives as well.
The chief inspector said that the potential for escapes or hostage taking is of enormous concern.
This could not be more serious.
The situation has become, in his words,
“a threat to national security.”
I do not pretend that these problems are entirely new, but they have deteriorated and they need urgent action.
Will the Minister provide the timeframes for fixing the most basic security measures?
What visits has the Lord Chancellor made to HMP Manchester and HMP Long Lartin?
If she has not visited, when does she intend to go?
Little else could be more pressing.
What discussions has she held with the prison governors?
Will the Minister assure the House that the Government have confidence in the senior management to restore order?
Does he agree with the chief inspector that the failure to grip the situation is a serious indictment of the Department?
Who had 14 years to grip this situation?
At least this Government are taking action—[Interruption.]
Order.
This Government are taking action in the first six months.
The right hon.
Member will know that drone sightings around prisons increased by over 770% between 2019 and 2023—on his Government’s watch.
Much like everything in our prisons, his Government have left it to us to fix the broken system and clean up their mess.
It is a bit rich for him to come here and lecture us when he had 14 years to put this right.
We are installing new CCTV systems, netting and other countermeasures to combat drones.
We have clamped down on the contraband that fuels violence behind bars.
We are tackling drones through a cross-Government approach, as well as learning from our international counterparts to support our efforts.
We are working with our Five Eyes partners—they face the same issues across their prison estates, because this is not a UK problem but a global problem—along with the Home Office and the Ministry of Defence.
We have 99 X-ray body scanners in 96 prisons, providing full coverage of the closed adult male estate, to prevent the internal smuggling of illicit contraband.
We are taking action while the Opposition just spout.
I call the Chair of the Justice Committee.
The Minister will no doubt be pleased that the Justice Committee has just announced an inquiry into drugs in prisons, with an emphasis on the use of drones by  organised crime gangs to supply inmates.
What makes it easy for drones to access prisons is the appalling state of prison maintenance.
There is a £1.8 billion backlog, which did not accrue in the past six months.
The shadow Secretary of State’s surprise is, in itself, surprising.
What is the timetable for repairing the problems in prisons and getting to grips with that maintenance backlog?
My hon.
Friend is completely right that the prison maintenance programme that we inherited was in a state.
That is why the Chancellor announced in the Budget a £500 million boost to the prison maintenance budget over the next couple of years.
That is important.
He is right also to say that we need to grip this, which is why the Prisons Minister in the other place has visited Manchester and is regularly updated on the situation there.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
The word that was missing from the shadow Justice Secretary’s question just now was “sorry”.