At Easter last year I had the opportunity to meet Amanda Damari in Israel and to speak to some of the families of the hostages who were kidnapped by Hamas on that terrible and unfortunately memorable day,  7 October .
The families have had a yo-yo of emotions: will the hostages be freed, or will they not be freed?
Now, all of a sudden,  there is a possibility.
After the rollercoaster of emotion that the families have been on over the last year and a half, how can we ensure that they get the direct help that they need from our Government?
The hon.
Gentleman is right.
We want to see Emily Damari free, and all the hostages, particularly the UK-linked hostages.
We know from our contact with their families—I am thinking about the moving event that we had in No.
10 on  30 September —that there will be deep psychological scars, and we must commit to doing all we can through our ongoing humanitarian effort to support those hostages in their process of recovery.
I call the shadow Foreign Secretary.
All Members of the House will praise the courage and resilience of the hostage families and have the hostages in their thoughts right now, particularly Emily’s mother Mandy and Emily herself.
Reports of the progress being made on the hostage negotiations are truly welcome, including the Foreign Secretary’s discussions during and after his visit to Israel.
Can he give an update on what information he has received about the proof of life of those hostages?
Importantly, what resources will our Government be providing to support the hostages through the release process over the period of time speculated, and to bring about a sustainable end to this awful conflict?
First, we do all we can to establish proof of life.
The right hon.
Lady will understand that this situation is fast moving, and even post any deal it can take some degree of time before the hostages come out.
I would therefore not want to be pushed on that issue at the Dispatch Box, but I want to assure her that we are doing all we can to continue to make that necessary assessment.
As I say, we are—I hope—on the brink of a deal.
It will be the first phase of a deal that will probably last six weeks, and that is important to bear in mind.
All of us in this House hope to get to a ceasefire and the necessary rebuilding of Gaza, with Israel safe and secure—that will be very important—so that the middle east can move forward in an atmosphere of peace.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of Iran’s attacks on Israel on regional stability.
What diplomatic steps he is taking to help counter potential threats to global stability by Iran.
We unequivocally condemn Iran’s attacks on Israel in April and October 2024.
These attacks, and Iran’s ongoing support for its proxies and partners, have destabilised the region and fuelled escalation.
Alongside our allies and partners, we will continue to hold Iran to account for this behaviour, including through sanctions, addressing Iranian weapons proliferation, and maintaining our permanent defence presence in the region.
I thank the Minister for that answer.
Clearly, we all hope that there will be a deal to release the hostages held illegally in Gaza.
Given that Hamas, Hezbollah and the Houthis, the proxies of Iran, are on the brink of defeat, the risk to the region now is that Iran takes direct action.
As we want to see the end of the despotic regime that brutalises the people of Iran, now is the time for sanctions and the proscription of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps once and for all.
Will the Minister take the necessary action to bring that regime to its knees, so that democracy can be restored to Iran?
I recognise that the hon.