Will the Foreign Secretary press the Treasury to match what the former Chancellor, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Godalming and Ash (Jeremy Hunt) , did in adding £2.5 billion to the 0.5% official development assistance budget, to help defray some of the costs of first-year asylum seekers, which that budget bears?
Otherwise, we will be spending more development money in UK postal districts than in Africa.
I am grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman for raising this issue.
He understands deeply that under Conservative Governments, we saw those so-called in-donor refugee costs spiralling out of control.
The system was not being brought under any kind of coherent plan by previous Governments.
Now there is a  plan, which is being delivered by the Home Secretary.
We are determined to ensure that those costs are brought down.
The Foreign Secretary has rightly imposed widespread sanctions on Russia for its war crimes.
Earlier, he responded on the subject of sanctions on Israel by referring to the fact that talk of war crimes is incorrect because of the value of trade and Israel’s historic status as an ally.
Surely a war crime is a war crime, whoever commits it.
All lives are equal and international law is international law.
I invite the Foreign Secretary to explain to the House the difference of approach between war crimes committed by Russia and war crimes committed by Israel.
We are on the brink, we hope, of a ceasefire deal.
It was important to be in Israel yesterday, and I remind the hon.
Gentleman that this is one of the toughest regions in the world.
I remind him of the malign effect of Iran, just next door.
Hezbollah have been diminished, but they are still there.
Hamas have been diminished, but they are still there.
I have to say that it is not right to comment on sanctions and proscription, but we are talking about an ally.
I welcome the Minister’s earlier comment that the future of Greenland is a matter for the people of Greenland, but will he commit in the way that France and Germany have to defending Greenland’s territorial integrity against any hostile action?
I met the Foreign Minister of Greenland yesterday, which was the second time I have met her in the past four months.
We discussed a range of issues, including security in the Arctic, our partnership, our trade partnership and our close engagement on a number of matters, including climate change, science and other areas.
Our partnership with Greenland is strong, as is our partnership with Denmark.
I refer the hon.
Member to the comments I made on Greenland’s future, which is a matter for the people of Greenland and the people of the Kingdom of Denmark.
We have millions shoehorned into a confined prison, hundreds of communities destroyed, thousands of people indiscriminately killed and lifesaving humanitarian aid being blocked.
Will the Foreign Secretary show consistency, judge Israel on its actions and at last define what Netanyahu’s apartheid regime is doing to Palestinians as a genocide?
We have set out our position on the designation of genocide, so I will not enter into that discussion again, but I will respond to my hon.
Friend on the questions of aid access, on which a ministerial colleague has spoken already and on which we have been consistent.
We are clear that not enough aid is getting into Gaza, and we have been clear with the Israeli Government on our difference on the conduct of hostilities and of aid access.
Do the Government deny that incoming President Trump is deeply hostile to the proposed Chagos Islands giveaway?
The right hon.
Gentleman will understand that we have support across the United States Administration, including from the Pentagon, the State Department, the agencies and the White House.