Do the Government deny that incoming President Trump is deeply hostile to the proposed Chagos Islands giveaway?
The right hon.
Gentleman will understand that we have support across the United States Administration, including from the Pentagon, the State Department, the agencies and the White House.
We are confident that as the details of the deal are provided in the proper way—one Administration at a  time, as he well knows—the new Administration will recognise that this important deal protects our security and that of the United States, as well as the unimpeded operation of the base on Diego Garcia, which has been our primary objective throughout this process.
(Urgent question): To ask the Secretary of State for Justice if she will make a statement on the national security risk of drones being used to deliver weapons to high-security prisons.
This is not a new issue.
Effective prison security is fundamental to the rehabilitative nature of prisons and ensuring public confidence in the criminal justice system.
The availability of illicit items in our jails, including drugs and mobile phones, undermines prison officers’ ability to do their jobs.
Drone sightings around prisons in England and Wales are a matter of great concern and pose a major threat to prison security.
The Government inherited a prison system in crisis, with violence and drug use on the rise.
We are working hard to deter, detect and disrupt the use of drones.
It is not possible to talk in detail of the tactics we use to disrupt drones, given the obvious security implications.
What I can say is that His Majesty’s Prison and Probation Service invests in targeted countermeasures such as improvements to windows, netting and grilles to stop drones from successfully delivering cargo such as drugs and weapons.
In January 2024, restricted fly zones were introduced around all closed prisons and young offender institutions, supporting police and prison staff to disrupt illegal drone use.
Ultimately, it is crucial that we tackle demand.
Almost half of people entering prisons have a drug problem, so we must get them into the right treatment to tackle the drug misuse that is so often a driver of their reoffending.
Contraband supply and the illicit economy drive violence, self-harm and instability, and prevent offenders from engaging in rehabilitative activity.
We are working to crack down on the levels of violence and drugs in our prisons.
The illicit economy is unfortunately highly profitable, with prices for drugs and other commodities between 10 and 100 times their street values—an A4 sheet of paper laced with drugs can be worth £1,000—so we must tackle the organised crime gangs behind it.
That is why we have invested in a dedicated serious and organised crime unit who will work with law enforcement agencies to disrupt these sophisticated criminal networks.
We will continue to take a multifaceted approach to drones and the disruption that they cause to our prison system.
Given that this is a question of national security, I find it astonishing that the Lord Chancellor cannot be bothered to turn up to the House today.
Yesterday—[Interruption.]
Order.
We do not need any more of that.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
Yesterday, the chief inspector of prisons warned that the police and prisons service have “ceded the airspace” above two high-security prisons to organised crime groups.
The result is that organised crime gangs can deliver drugs, phones and weapons such as zombie knives to inmates with impunity due to the absence of basic security measures such as functional CCTV, protective  netting and window repairs.
Across two visits in September and October, he described a damning picture of thriving illicit economies that jeopardise the safety of dedicated prison staff.
In HMP Manchester, almost four in 10 prisoners have tested positive in mandatory drug tests, and in HMP Long Lartin the figure was nearly three in 10.
Those two prisons hold some of the most dangerous men in our country, including murderers and terrorists.