During the pandemic, it was forced to close 18 country operations, none of which has since reopened.
The then Foreign Secretary Dominic Raab gave it an emergency loan, but set it out on commercial terms.
The interest on this loan  is costing the British Council £14 million a year.
Will the Minister help the British Council keep delivering on the Government’s growth, security and soft power objectives and consider reviewing the terms of the council’s loan, extending the date for beginning repayments, reducing the commercial rate of interest, or redesignating the loan—
Order.
Nobody else will be able to get in.
I call the Minister.
Ministers are aware of the issues in relation to the £200 million.
As the hon.
Member said, the loan was made on commercial terms in order to be compliant with the UK subsidy control regime.
On  6 January , my ministerial colleagues the Foreign Secretary and Baroness Chapman met the chief executive officer of the British Council to discuss these issues.
As we have already heard, the British Council is vital to the UK’s soft power across the world.
At such an important time for the promotion of our values of democracy, freedom and human rights, reports that the British Council may have to close 30 to 40 operations is deeply worrying.
What steps is the Minister taking to secure the future of the British Council’s existing programmes?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for his long-held commitment on these issues.
Soft power is an issue of the most vital importance, particularly in this contested world.
I am very pleased to confirm, as the Foreign Secretary already has, that we are establishing a soft power council in the coming days.
That is an important initiative and the British Council will be an important part of that work.
In relation to country offices, the British Council retains a significant physical presence in more than 100 countries, which is welcome, and has a growing presence online, which is to be encouraged.
What diplomatic steps his Department is taking to support the rights of religious minorities in Syria.
I welcome the appointment of my hon.
Friend as the new UK special envoy for freedom of religion or belief.
As part of our intensive diplomatic engagement with international partners, and indeed with the interim Syrian authorities, we have consistently advocated for an inclusive political transition and underlined the importance of protecting the rights of religious and ethnic minorities.
I thank my hon.
Friend for welcoming me and for his commitment and that of the Department to work with the nascent Syrian Government as they seek to protect and respect religious minorities.
However, I am sure that he is aware that over Christmas there were attacks by Hayat Tahrir al-Sham fighters on the Christian-majority town of Maaloula, and some reports of attacks on Alawite communities.
What more can he and his Department do to work with the Syrian  Government as they seek to build a society in which all religious communities can take part without fear of religious persecution?
As the House would expect, we follow reports of such incidents in Syria very closely.
I was discussing some of those incidents with members of Syrian civil society just last night, and the Foreign Secretary has raised those questions directly with the interim Foreign Minister of the Syrian authorities.
We will continue to call for all parties in Syria, in this moment of transition, to do the utmost to respect the rights of all religious minorities across the country.
Minorities can be protected only if there is stable and representative government in Syria.
This morning I met some members of the Syrian Democratic Council who are concerned that the call for dialogue is not inclusive and that minorities are not being protected.
What steps can the Government take to ensure that that does not happen and that there is inclusive dialogue?