We heard a great deal from the right hon.
Gentleman about what he would not do, but we heard absolutely nothing about what he would do.
Now we can see what happens when the Leader of the Opposition tells the shadow Cabinet that it should not have any policies.
As far as I can tell, the Conservative party’s economic strategy is to say that the UK should not engage with the second largest economy in the world, or indeed with our nearest neighbours and our biggest trading partners in the European Union.
The right hon.
Gentleman’s economic strategy is to support higher spending but none of the right decisions that are required to deliver sound public finances, and his economic strategy is to ignore the mistakes of the past with no apology to the British people for his part in Liz Truss’s mini-Budget that crashed the economy.
I appreciate that, having said that, I may now receive a “cease and desist” letter from her later.
One question that the shadow Chancellor did ask was: why did I go to China?
I went to secure tangible benefits for British businesses trading overseas.
The right hon.
Gentleman said that it was not worth it; let him say that to the representatives of HSBC, Standard Chartered, Prudential, Schroders and the London Stock Exchange who attended those meetings with me last week, all of whom have spoken of the difference that it will make.
I have been under no illusion about the scale of challenges that we face, after 14 years of stagnant economic growth, higher debt and economic uncertainty, and we have seen global economic uncertainty play out in the last week, but leadership is not about ducking these challenges; it is about rising to them.
The economic headwinds we face are a reminder that we should—indeed, we must—go further and faster in our plan to kick-start economic growth, which plunged under the last Government, by bringing stability to the public finances after years of instability under the Conservative party, unlocking investment that plummeted under the previous Government and pushing ahead with essential reforms to our economy and public services.
That is my message to the House today, because if we get it right, the prize on offer to us—to the British people—is immense: the opportunity to make working people better off by making Britain better off.
That is the mandate this Government have, and that is what we will deliver.
I call the Chair of the Treasury Committee.
I welcome my right hon.
Friend’s commitment to growth in this country and to encouraging investment in the UK.
Listening to the shadow Chancellor,  the right hon.
Member for Central Devon (Mel Stride) , we would think the country was going to hell in a handcart.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that this is no time for panic, that it is perfectly possible to manage any pressures on the Budget through astute management of public spending, and that we are a very long way from the approach taken during the years of austerity under the Conservative party?
I thank the Chair of the Select Committee for that question.
I set out this Government’s fiscal rules at the Budget in October: we will pay for day-to-day spending through tax receipts, and we will get debt down as a share of the economy.
We remain committed to those fiscal rules and will meet them at all times.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I thank the Chancellor for advance sight of her statement.
Let us be blunt: the Budget has not worked.
The Chancellor says that the Government’s No.
1 mission is growth, but to date there are no signs that the Government are going to deliver it.
The national insurance contributions rise is self-defeating.
It undermines growth—it does not unleash it—and it piles pressure on to struggling small businesses and high streets.