I am delighted to hear about the heritage of the hon.
Gentleman’s part of the world in relation to the United States.
My own family dates back to the late 1700s in Pennsylvania—we are not sure which side they fought on.
Later, my grandfather came over during the second world war to fight alongside us against Nazi tyranny in Europe.
Those special relationship are part of all our communities and families, and we absolutely want to celebrate them across all our countries.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
We are strengthening our work abroad on the priorities of the British people to deliver the Government’s plan for change.
We are the first country in the world to develop a sanctions regime specifically targeting illegal migration.
Our reforms will strengthen the Foreign Office role in attracting investment and securing new business deals.
Our tough diplomacy will keep up support for Ukraine and bring stability to the middle east.
I welcome the progress made by COP29 in Baku, and the Government’s leadership on climate change.
Nepal is at the sharp end of dealing with climate change—late last year, there were 200 deaths from floods in Kathmandu.
What are the Government doing to support that nation, which has been a partner and a friend to the UK over many years?
My hon.
Friend will be pleased that we announced a £38.5 million resilience, adaption and inclusion programme so that Nepal could deal with disaster risk.
That follows £58.5 million for climate-smart development over an eight-year programme.
Our relationship with Nepal, particularly on the climate issue, is essential and very important.
I call the shadow Foreign Secretary.
Can the Foreign Secretary explain why he is surrendering the Chagos Islands and front-loading payments to the Government of Mauritius to lease back a base at Diego Garcia at a cost of £9 billion to UK taxpayers?
If that is such a good deal, why is he so secretive about it?
I know that the shadow Foreign Secretary is new to the job, but I remind her that her Government did 10 rounds of negotiations on this issue and we picked it up, and that the White House, the State Department and the Pentagon believe that it is a good deal, as do the Indian Government.
Following the Foreign Secretary’s meetings in Saudi Arabia and with the new Foreign Minister of Syria over the weekend, what conditions did he stipulate for the removal of sanctions in Syria, and in what kind of timeframe?
The right hon.
Lady raises an important issue.
We will judge the new Syrian Government by their actions, not their words.
We are, alongside allies, reviewing sanctions at the moment.
I will not comment in detail on that, but we are clear that we want to see an inclusive Government who prosper.
We have been pleased with what we have seen so far, but as has already been mentioned, some of what we have seen on the ground has not been good.
We will judge them by their actions, not their words, and we will not go faster than she would expect us to.
To follow up on the previous question, I am grateful to the Minister for coming to the event that I hosted for the Syrian diaspora yesterday.
He will know that they are very keen to support their homeland to rebuild.
Will Ministers look at ways to change the sanctions to ensure that ordinary citizens can send back remittances to help rebuild crumbling public services?
I thank my hon.
Friend for the question and for his long-standing work on Syria issues.
I was very glad to join him and so many inspiring members of Syrian civil society who are keen to make a contribution.
We will do what we can to enable the new Syria to be a success and to enable Syrian civil society here and across the world to play their full role in that.