Can he also tell the House today what cap he has put on the number of people coming to the UK?
If he cannot, this is a bitter betrayal of British youth.
The agreement gives young people in the United Kingdom the opportunity to work, to study and to travel in Europe.
It will be a capped scheme of limited duration and with visas.
This, again, is something that everyone said we could not negotiate, and we have negotiated it.
As for the right hon.
Lady’s question about what we are doing for young people in this country, she should look to the Trailblazer scheme that we set up to help young people back into work.
Will the Prime Minister join me in inviting Conservative Members to celebrate the restoration of access to our British shellfishers, and the reduction in frictions on the 70% of our British seafood that is exported to the EU?
Will he encourage those Conservative Members to get out there and help us to deploy the £360 million of fishing and coastal community funding that we have unlocked?
Under the Conservatives’ deal, shellfish was locked out, but it can now be sold back into the market, which is hugely important to places such as Cornwall.
That is why their response to this is so uncertain and, if I may say so, un-Tory.
On six separate occasions since the beginning of the year I have asked the Paymaster General about plans for a youth mobility scheme, and every single time he has told me that Labour has no plans.
I realise that I was in error and should have asked about a youth experience scheme, but let me ask the Prime Minister now whether he has a timescale for when such a scheme can be put into  operation and we can start to see the benefits that Liberal Democrats know it can bring to young people here in the UK and across the EU.
We have moved apace to get this far, but we now need to move apace to implement what we agreed yesterday, so we will be doing that, and we will update the House as we do so.
I congratulate the Prime Minister and his colleagues on their success at the summit.
The Government’s hard work has paid off: this is a good deal and a good first step.
Businesses will benefit from a reduction in red tape, and consumers will see lower bills in the long run.
The announcement on youth experience and Erasmus+ will be welcomed by the many young people in my constituency.
I also welcome the recognition of the value of touring artists in both the EU and the UK.
I realise that the barriers to touring are complex, but will the PM commit himself to keeping up the hard work so we can begin to reduce and break down those barriers?
My hon.
Friend has raised an important point about touring artists.
We are absolutely committed to securing a better deal for them, and that will be part of the ongoing work as we move forward from this summit to the next.
I think the Front Benches need to calm the jets a wee bit.
This is obviously not a surrender, just as it is obviously no substitute for membership of the European Union; nor, indeed, is it, as the Prime Minister has said repeatedly today, providing “unprecedented access” to the EU market—that is simply absurd.
The deal does provide for co-operation on carbon storage, so will the Prime Minister build on that good work by committing his Government to providing the financial support that is necessary to take forward the Acorn project in the north-east of Scotland?