Scottish councils now have the power to introduce a tourism levy.
That has gone down extremely badly with the hospitality sector.
In particular, they fear a tax on a tax—that would be VAT.
Will the Government look at zero rating that in the event that a tourism levy is introduced?
I want to welcome tourists to Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
That is why we are securing trade deals with countries around the world, showing that we as a country are open for business.
In the end, it is up to the Scottish Government which additional taxes they introduce, but as with income tax, the SNP never takes the side of ordinary working people.
Last week I raised with the Minister for Social Security and Disability the case of a local disability charity being hit by increased bank charges, and the Minister committed to work with me on the issue.
Will Treasury Ministers do the same so that we can take these banks to task and support fantastic local organisations?
I would be happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss that issue.
Access to banking services is a particular issue in North East Fife, where the limitations of the access to cash legislation are becoming clear.
Will the financial inclusion committee agree to look at the Financial Services and Markets Act 2023 to ensure that we get the access to banking services that local communities need?
Our Government secured the commitment of the banking industry to roll out 350 banking hubs across the country; 200 have already been agreed and over 150 are open.
The financial inclusion committee, which I chair, is looking at financial inclusion, including digital banking and ensuring that people have the bank accounts they need.
I congratulate the Chancellor of the Exchequer on securing the Mansion House accord, which will channel billions into the economy and make a real difference to my constituents.
One of the reasons that pension funds agreed to join the accord was because of the strong pipeline of investable projects that the Government are creating.
Does the Minister agree that the Government’s infrastructure plans and planning reforms, opposed by the Conservatives, will unlock growth?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely correct.
Raising investment in the UK is about boosting not just the supply of capital, but the demand for it—the investment pipeline.
We are approving infrastructure projects, from wind farms to reservoirs, that the Conservatives blocked for years.
By reforming the planning system, we are doing something really radical: building homes.
The roll-out of banking hubs is helping to a small degree, but what plans do the Government have to increase the number of banking hubs beyond those in the pipeline?
As I said in my previous answer, we have secured the commitment of the industry to open 350 banking hubs by the end of this Parliament.
The FCA keeps the access to cash rules under review.
As legislated for under the last Government, it has the power to make rules to ensure that there is access to cash across the country.
I call the Chair of the Treasury Committee.
Yesterday, there was a lot of coverage of the Chancellor’s comments about the ISA limit.
She pledged to keep it at £20,000 but did not specify how much within that would be cash and how much would be investments.
Can the Minister reassure me that she is seriously considering the impact on the mortgage-lending market of changing the cash ISA limit?
As we announced in the spring statement, we are looking for options for ISA reform to ensure that we get the balance right between cash and equities.
I can reassure my hon.
Friend that we understand that cash savings are a vital tool for people and act as a financial buffer for a rainy day.
I am sure that the Chancellor subscribes to the basic principle that if the cost of something is put up, we will see less of it.