The Treasury has reformed the spending review process to ensure that it facilitates genuine collaboration across Departments.
As part of this spending review, the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster and I have met Secretaries of State multilaterally in mission clusters, which have brought together Departments to agree cross-departmental priorities, increase transparency, reduce duplication and align spending with mission delivery across Whitehall, while learning every possible lesson from the failure of the Conservatives to ensure that it is never repeated ever again.
Some 9,000 UK medical graduates compete with 15,000 overseas graduates for postgraduate training, meaning that many of our own graduates simply cannot progress into higher professional training, and either go abroad themselves or leave medicine.
Does the Minister agree that the Treasury has a crucial role to co-ordinate spending on medical university education by the Department for Education and on postgraduate training by the Department of Health and Social Care, so as to ensure that public money spent on medical student education is not wasted?
The Government are committed to training the staff the NHS needs as part of our 10-year plan.
International staff clearly play an important role in the mix of staff that we have, but we also want to create opportunities for people across the country to work in our national health service.
That is why, thanks to changes this Government have made, we have already been able to recruit more than 1,500 additional GPs since October who would otherwise not have been able to seek that type of employment.
While discussing the spending review, will the Treasury get the Agriculture Secretary and the Energy Secretary together in the same room, and make sure that agriculture receives the funding it needs and that energy is not allowed to charge agriculture, effectively, for its loss of income?
In other words, will the Chancellor ensure we are not robbing Peter to pay Paul?
A meeting of that nature has already taken place as part of our mission-led approach to Government.
We continue to engage with the Departments for Energy Security and Net Zero and for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs on these issues, as the right hon.
Gentleman suggests—it is exactly what we mean when we talk about cross-departmental collaboration.
As the right hon.
Gentleman knows, further details will be set out in the spending review in due course.
What steps she is taking to increase levels of funding for northern towns.
I was pleased to go with my hon.
Friend to Darwen to visit the 100th banking hub, which was rolled out just a few months ago.
We also visited the thriving Darwen market in one of his local towns.
We will set out at the spending review how we will spend the £113 billion extra that we are putting in to capital spending, compared with the plans we inherited from the Conservatives.
Of course, we will ensure that towns and cities, including across the north of England, benefit from that investment.
I thank the Chancellor for that answer—the Government’s commitment to the north is absolutely clear.
We very much enjoyed our visit to Darwen market.
At the same time, however, history tells us that small towns, like those that make up Rossendale and Darwen, can far too easily get left behind and not feel the benefits of major infrastructure investment, despite being the very communities that need to see and feel change  the most.
Does the Chancellor agree that as we implement our investment and growth strategy, and deliver the review of the Green Book, we must put our left-behind communities first?
As part of every major investment decision, we should ask the question: what does this do for our most deprived and left-behind neighbourhoods?
It is only by targeting investment where it is needed most that we can ensure that every community feels the benefit of the growth that this Government will bring.
My hon.