It reopens the EU market for shellfish and makes it much easier to sell British fish to our largest trading partner.
That is hugely significant, because 72% of British fish is traded into EU markets, and it is now easier to do that.
We are backing that with £360 million through our fishing and coastal grants.
The Leader of the Opposition talks about the youth experience scheme.
That scheme is capped, it is time-limited, and it is balanced.
In relation to standards, the truth is this: we are currently aligned in our standards, but we do not get the benefit of that.
We want to continue to have high standards; that is what the British public want, and it is what this deal delivers.
We will have a role in shaping any future rules, and application of them is specifically subject to our constitutional arrangements.
We will have a process in this Parliament to apply the rules, but to be clear, we are already applying those rules at the moment—we are just not getting the advantage.
This deal strips that away.
It is good for our country and good for our economy, and it is a shame that the Leader of the Opposition cannot stand up and support it.
I call the Chair of the Business and Trade Committee.
This deal is good for business and good for Britain.
I congratulate the Prime Minister on embracing a good half of the Select Committee’s recommendations, which—if I might say so—were agreed on a cross-party basis.
While some in this House are proposing trade barriers, the Prime Minister is building trade bridges, and that is in the national interest.
We have a deal, but we do not have a date.
The Office for Budget Responsibility cannot score the gains, businesses cannot plan for the benefits, and we cannot suspend customs checks in Northern Ireland until we know when the new SPS checks will come into force.
What timetable has the Prime Minister given his negotiators for when that SPS deal will come into effect?
Business needs certainty, and for that, we need clarity.
First, let me pick up on my right hon.
Friend’s point about the cross-party support of the Select Committee.
There are Conservative Members  who I think are ashamed by the response of the Leader of the Opposition, and know very well that these are good deals that should be supported.
A number of her Back-Bench MPs are already coming out and saying that these deals are good and in the national interest. [
Hon.
Members: “Who?”]
You know who they are.
I assure my right hon.
Friend that we have moved at pace to get the deals, and our instruction to our teams now is to move at pace to implement them.
That is what we will do.
We negotiated these deals in a short number of months, and we will keep moving at the same pace.
I call the leader of the Liberal Democrats.
I associate myself with the Prime Minister’s remarks about the appalling situation in Gaza.
When he is working with our French and Canadian colleagues to put pressure on Netanyahu, will he consider, with the French, formally recognising the state of Palestine?
Turning to the EU reset deal, the Prime Minister knows that we do not think this deal goes far enough to fix our broken relationship with Europe, but there are many parts of it that we welcome.
We have long been arguing for an agrifood deal to help British farmers export to Europe; for a youth mobility scheme to give our young people incredible new opportunities and British businesses, especially in hospitality, a boost; and for closer alliances on defence in the face of Putin’s imperialism and Trump’s unpredictability.
I welcome the progress on those issues, even if there is only very limited progress on things such as youth mobility.