I think the Front Benches need to calm the jets a wee bit.
This is obviously not a surrender, just as it is obviously no substitute for membership of the European Union; nor, indeed, is it, as the Prime Minister has said repeatedly today, providing “unprecedented access” to the EU market—that is simply absurd.
The deal does provide for co-operation on carbon storage, so will the Prime Minister build on that good work by committing his Government to providing the financial support that is necessary to take forward the Acorn project in the north-east of Scotland?
The deal does allow us to move forward on renewables and carbon capture as part of the package around renewables, which is why it is so important across the United Kingdom, but particularly in Scotland because of the potential for job opportunities there, so of course we will press on in that regard.
I would gently ask the right hon.
Gentleman to consider again why he should not support this deal for the benefit of the whisky sector in Scotland, and given that yesterday Salmon Scotland came out hugely in favour of it.
He should stand up and support the work that we are doing.
My constituency is home to the world’s oldest biscuit factory: Carr’s has been making Table Water crackers, ginger nuts and custard creams for many decades, and in about 15 years’ time it will celebrate 200 years in business.
Can the Prime Minister say more about the importance of this deal to food and drink businesses such as pladis, which owns and operates the Carr’s biscuit factory?
For food, for biscuits and all the content covered by the SPS agreement, this deal is a massive step forward.
It gets rid of the red tape and  bureaucracy that cost each business thousands upon thousands of pounds.
This is good for biscuits, good for business.
May I have a serious answer to a very narrow and specific question?
We know how many fishing rights the Prime Minister was prepared to give away for how many years in order to accede to the EU’s demands, but how much UK taxpayers’ money is he willing to hand over to the EU in order to sign up to its protectionist demands?
I remind the right hon.
Lady that nothing that was negotiated on fishing by the previous Government has been given away; quite the contrary.
On costs—I gave a full answer earlier—we are not paying into the EU budget in the way that EU members do, and that is why this unprecedented access is so important.
In relation to schemes and programmes, yes, we will make a proportionate contribution, on the same basis, with the same principles, that the Conservative party—the then Government—negotiated the current arrangements on Horizon and research and development.
It is hard to see why, having negotiated those arrangements, it is now suddenly against them.
The energy industry is central to our mission for growth, but it is also important to our tackling of the generational challenge that is climate change.
This is a sentiment felt in my constituency, which is proud to be a regional hub of carbon capture and hydrogen storage.
Will the Prime Minister explain how the deal supports the energy industry so that we can pursue the growth, bring down energy bills and tackle climate change?
It does so in two ways.
It makes permanent the energy chapter in the current deal, and it goes beyond that to allow us to co-operate and co-ordinate more closely on energy; we have the ability for connection already, but we can now take better advantage of it.
Successive Governments and successive Parliaments have caused unnecessary and at times intolerable damage to our Union.