I join my hon.
Friend in welcoming the official opening of the Charles Hammond berth.
As she knows, we set up Great British Energy in Scotland, bringing forward £300 million of investment ahead of the spending review to secure jobs and supply chains.
Funding for the Port of Cromarty Firth, announced in March, is expected to support up to 1,000 highly skilled jobs, while our uplift to the clean energy bonus will support offshore wind supply chains across the country.
That is yet another example of the Government working with business and of a Labour Government delivering for the people of Scotland.
I call the shadow Chancellor.
Will the Chancellor explain what the Economic Secretary to the Treasury meant last week when she said that there will be no tax rises on individuals at the autumn Budget?
Will the Chancellor similarly confirm that there will be no tax increases on businesses?
In our manifesto, we set out that we would not increase taxes on working people—that is, the income tax, national insurance or VAT that they pay.
That is why we also reversed the previous Government’s decision to increase fuel duty, which would have had a disastrous effect on working people in our country.
We will set out all other tax policy at the Budget.
What many up and down the country are asking is why that manifesto pledge not to impose taxes on working people was broken.
Last week the Pensions Minister confirmed to the House that the Government would never interfere with the fiduciary duty of pension trustees to get the best return for their members, but when the Chancellor was questioned on that topic by Bloomberg the very same day, she said:
“I am never going to say never”.
This is chaos.
The Government cannot even speak with one voice.
It is clear that the right hon.
Lady and the Pensions Minister cannot both be right, so will she now put the record straight?
We have secured an agreement with the biggest pension companies to invest on a voluntary basis in UK unlisted equities and infrastructure, which is something the Conservatives never achieved.
We are getting investment into British infrastructure and British businesses because that is the way to grow the economy and support working people.
Will my right hon.
Friend outline the steps being taken in the forthcoming spending review to ensure that increased defence spending will stimulate economic growth, so that supply chain companies, such as Collins Aerospace in my constituency, can continue to strengthen national defence capabilities while boosting our local economies, jobs and quality apprenticeships?
As my hon.
Friend knows, the Government are committed to increasing spending on defence to 2.5% of GDP, with an ambition to go further to 3% in the next Parliament when economic and fiscal conditions allow.
As part of that increase in spending, we are making sure that UK companies and UK workers get the benefit, including in places such as Wolverhampton, through apprenticeships, good jobs and good growth.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Yesterday the Chancellor said that she understands the concerns that some people have about the limit at which the winter fuel payment is removed.
Does she therefore now agree that restricting the eligibility so tightly was a mistake?
As the hon.
Lady knows, when I became Chancellor last year, we inherited a £22 billion black hole in the public finances—not in some year in the future, but in the financial year that we were already three or four months into.
This meant that we had to   make difficult and urgent decisions to put our public finances back on a firm footing—because, unlike the Conservatives, I will never play fast and loose with the public finances.
Labour-led Ipswich borough council recently announced investment to reopen the iconic Grimwades building in our town centre, which has been left vacant for more than a decade.