How can the Chancellor explain that, and how will she support the industry in the spending review?
My hon.
Friend the Exchequer Secretary to the Treasury is working closely with businesses right across the energy sector.
The previous Government increased the rate of tax on energy companies to 75%, and we increased it by three percentage points to 78%, reflecting the fact that energy companies have enjoyed huge profits since Russia’s illegal invasion of Ukraine.
When people’s bills have gone up, it is right that we ask the energy companies making those profits to contribute a little more.
What changes will the Chancellor introduce in the spring statement to compensate for the growth-threatening sword of Damocles she has just placed over the Scottish fishing industry?
She should know, but probably does not, that 70% of revenue from fishing and aquaculture comes from Scotland, and she should know, but probably does not, that the fishing industry in Scotland is 50 times larger for Scotland’s economy than for the UK’s.
Can  she explain what discussions she had with the Scottish Fishermen’s Federation or the Scottish Government before making this damaging decision?
I was very pleased that the Scottish salmon association welcomed the trade deal that we secured with the EU yesterday.
Some 70% of the fish that is caught in UK waters is sold into European markets.
That will now benefit from the sanitary and phytosanitary deal that we have secured within that deal.
We have rolled over the deal that the previous Government secured, giving certainty to fishermen in Scotland and across the UK.
We have made it easier for them to export into European markets.
We have ensured that we can sell shellfish again into European markets, and we announced yesterday the £360 million package of measures to support coastal and fishing industries.
The Scottish National party is now in an absurd situation where it supports Reform and the Tories in opposing the deal with the EU.
I welcome the Chancellor’s answers on growth.
She has been a strong champion of the Oxford-Cambridge growth corridor, but my constituents are concerned to know that she will lend her support to Lord Vallance’s efforts to join up across Departments and ensure that there is the social infrastructure to support the growth.
My constituents worry that hospitals, schools and roads will not keep up with the ambitious pace that Lord Vallance is proposing.
That is an opportune question, because I will be meeting Lord Vallance this afternoon to discuss the work he is taking forward on the Ox-Cam corridor to bring more good jobs, paying good wages, not only to Oxford and Cambridge, but, crucially, to the towns and cities in between.
Some of the extra money we are putting into capital investment will absolutely be going to support the huge growth opportunities in that part of the world.
I call the shadow Minister.
Of course, the best way to improve economic growth is for this Chancellor to stop punishing businesses with higher taxes.
Within the spending review, the key is to improve public sector productivity.
As the Chancellor knows, one of the key aspects in doing that is the use of technology.
This Government have substantial advantages over the next few years with major advances in artificial intelligence technology, but those can only be captured if the Treasury sets clear directions for Departments, including incentives and penalties.
What directives has His Majesty’s Treasury given to Departments to improve productivity through the adoption of artificial intelligence?
Specifically, does that advice include a requirement for the use of agentic AI during the multi-year spending period?
I thought the hon.
Gentleman was going to welcome the investment of Universal Studios in Bedfordshire, which will be a massive boon to the county’s economy.
On supporting the adoption of AI, we are doing two key things.