We were told that a deal with the US or India was impossible; what they meant was that it was impossible for them.
We were told that a choice must be made between the US and EU; what they meant was that they could not do a deal with both.
This Government can and will, because we stay in the room, we fight for the national interest, and we put the British people first.
These deals represent a signal that we are back on the world stage—a global champion of free trade, playing our historic role on European security—but above all, they are deals that put money in the pockets of working people, because that is what independent, sovereign nations do.
I commend this statement to the House.
I call the Leader of the Opposition.
When Labour negotiates, Britain loses.
The Prime Minister talks about a hat trick of deals—they are own goals.
In 2020, the Conservatives concluded the trade and co-operation agreement, the largest and most comprehensive free trade agreement in the world.
We agreed to come back in five years with improved terms.
This renegotiation should have been an opportunity to improve terms for our country, but the terms are improved for the EU.
The Prime Minister can dress it up as much as he wants, but he has failed.
It is bad for bills; it is bad for jobs; and it is bad for borders.
This is not a deal made for Britain; this deal is made for Labour’s public relations, to show Labour on the world stage, but it is a stitch-up for our country in return for short-term headlines.
Let us take the Prime Minister’s abject failures one by one.
First, on fishing, he has given away the prize most desired by EU member states, and he has done so for almost nothing.
It is very easy to sign deals if you are prepared to give everything away for pennies.
This deal locks out our fishermen until 2038.
We are now in a worse position than the Faroe Islands—a set of islands with the population of Scarborough, but which gets to have annual negotiations.
The Prime Minister quoted some organisations that welcome his deal—he does not listen to them normally—but he left one out deliberately: the National Federation of Fishermen’s Organisations has described the deal as a surrender and a giveaway.
This is a Prime Minister who  would pay to give away his family silver.
Why is the Prime Minister selling our fishermen down the river?
Is it because they do not vote Labour?
Secondly, on food and agriculture, the Prime Minister is going to pay the EU to abide by laws that we have no say on.
While British farmers struggle with the family farms tax that his Chancellor has imposed on them, their regulations will now be made in Paris and enforced in Brussels.
It is a total capitulation.
We are not in the EU, and we are not at the table, so can the Prime Minister tell us how he will ensure accountability for the hundreds of regulations that he has signed this country up to?
Thirdly, on energy, the Prime Minister has shackled us to the EU’s emissions trading scheme.
That means that the Government can no longer cut energy costs without the EU’s permission.
It will also unravel parts of the India free trade agreement that he has just negotiated.
This is not a technicality; it is a betrayal.
The House should be in no doubt that this means higher bills, more pain and less flexibility.
Fourthly, on the Prime Minister’s manifesto promises, he said that we would not rejoin the single market.
He promised no new payments, and that he would protect British interests.
That promise has lasted about as long as his commitment to protect pensioners’ winter fuel allowance.