That is why we are investing in home-grown secure energy, including renewables, nuclear and other forms of energy.
In yesterday’s UK-EU trade deal—which I am sure the shadow Minister would like to welcome—we have enhanced our arrangements with the European Union on electricity trading, enabling us to export energy we produce in the UK to the European Union and vice versa.
That will ensure energy security, as well as good jobs and good businesses in the energy sector, for decades to come.
What recent discussions she has had with the Financial Conduct Authority on the adequacy of support from mortgage lenders for older people with interest roll-up lifetime mortgages.
Lifetime mortgages have been regulated by the FCA since 2004.
Those rules provide robust consumer protections, including requiring lenders to engage and provide tailored support to all their customers.
One of my constituents, a 96-year-old man, took out in 1990 what he thought was a £15,000 loan, but what was actually an interest roll-up lifetime mortgage.
Despite paying £40,000 over the years, he now owes over £52,000 due to compound interest.
He has been  denied redress by the financial ombudsman due to time limits, and my team has also contacted the FCA and the lender without success.
My constituent is now left to deal with the consequences.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss this case, and how we can better support other people who have been mis-sold those products?
I am really sorry to hear about the circumstances that my hon.
Friend’s constituent is facing, and I would be happy to meet her to discuss the issue further.
Lifetime mortgages are complex financial products, and I suggest that anyone considering equity release seeks independent financial advice to help ensure those products are suitable for their needs.
An increasing number of pensioners are reaching the end of their mortgages with outstanding borrowing and finding themselves unable to meet later-life lending criteria, and this is likely to become even more prevalent in years to come as house price rises continue to outstrip earnings.
What discussions is the Minister having with lenders and the mortgage industry about expanding those criteria and giving hard-working pensioners who might otherwise be forced to seek council support the opportunity to remain in their own homes?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for raising this important issue.
I discuss mortgages with lenders and, indeed, with the Financial Conduct Authority on a weekly basis, and I will ensure that I pass on his comments.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of the autumn Budget 2024 on costs for businesses.
The Government considered all the policies in the autumn Budget carefully, in the context of the difficult fiscal inheritance that we had received from the Conservative party.
The decisions to increase employers’ national insurance contributions and reduce the secondary threshold were taken to stabilise the public finances and ensure that money was available for our crucial public services, especially the national health service.
Johnson’s of Hedon, a DIY store, has traded successfully for 56 years, but its owner Mike Brooke, who has run it throughout that time, says that the national insurance hike introduced by the Chancellor has finally made the business unviable.
Was the cruel destruction of Johnson’s of Hedon, and the jobs that it provides, deliberate or an accident?
The money from national insurance—which, of course, only came in last month—is being used to fund investment in the national health service.
Since the general election we have delivered 3 million additional NHS appointments, which benefits constituents in East Yorkshire and throughout the country.
As for supporting business, the trade deal that we secured with the European Union was welcomed yesterday by the Confederation of British Industry, the Food & Drink  Federation, the Institute of Directors and others, because it will add about £9 billion to the size of the UK economy.
I call the shadow Chancellor of the Exchequer.
Only last week the right hon.