Turning to the EU reset deal, the Prime Minister knows that we do not think this deal goes far enough to fix our broken relationship with Europe, but there are many parts of it that we welcome.
We have long been arguing for an agrifood deal to help British farmers export to Europe; for a youth mobility scheme to give our young people incredible new opportunities and British businesses, especially in hospitality, a boost; and for closer alliances on defence in the face of Putin’s imperialism and Trump’s unpredictability.
I welcome the progress on those issues, even if there is only very limited progress on things such as youth mobility.
We have all seen the terrible damage caused by the Conservatives’ Brexit deal, and hearing the Conservative leader complain today is like listening to a backseat driver who previously crashed the car.
Our country has moved on from the divisive Brexit wars of a decade ago, and some Members of this House need to do the same.
However, does the Prime Minister accept that this deal must be only the first step, and that we must be far more ambitious in strengthening our economic and security ties with our nearest neighbours?
We believe that a bespoke customs union is a key part of that—not turning back to the past, but forming a new partnership that serves our national interest.
I know that the Prime Minister once made that a red line, but he will accept that the world has changed since then, so will he open negotiations on a customs union to get a better deal for Britain—a trade deal to dwarf all other trade deals?
On the right hon.
Gentleman’s question about this deal being a first step, it is intended that this is the beginning of a process to complete what we have already agreed.
We also intend to have annual summits so that we can take our co-operation and co-ordination further, step by step, and we will do that while keeping to the red lines in our manifesto.
On the question of a customs union, the problem with the right hon.
Gentleman’s proposal—as I know he knows—is that we have just struck deals with India and the US.
If we now undo that good work, we undo all the benefits of those two deals.
For JLR and other car manufacturers, this is the here and now of their jobs at the moment.
That is why we had our red lines and kept to those red lines, and I am not prepared to rip up the benefits that we have negotiated in those deals.
I call the Chair of the Foreign Affairs Select Committee.
I begin by thanking the Prime Minister for what he has said about Gaza.
The message he is sending to Netanyahu’s far-right Government could not be clearer, and it should have the unanimous support of this House.
It is essentially, “This must stop.”
Turning to the grown-up EU deal, which comes hard on the heels of the two other recent trade agreements, the Government are rightly confident that those deals will be popular and will provide great benefits to our country.
As such, I ask the Prime Minister this: why not take this opportunity to fix a glaring hole in our democracy and simply put those agreements to a vote, allowing them to be scrutinised by this place?
I can assure him that they will be passed.
As my right hon.
Friend knows, there is a process for implementing any agreement.
All of these agreements will require legislation, and therefore they will go through the House on that basis.
Can I just point out to the Prime Minister that nothing can undo the fact that 17.5 million people voted leave?
They voted to take back control of our laws and stop paying money to the EU.