Although I will not get into detailed discussions about one individual company, last year the Government set out the £2.5 billion steel fund in the Budget to preserve and grow steel manufacturing in the UK.
In the trade deals we have secured with the US and with the EU in the last couple of weeks, we have reduced tariffs on steel exports, which will be good for the British steel industry.
Shockingly, in Derby South 62% of adults in the community are financially vulnerable, which is far above the national average of 38%.
To lift people out of this vicious cycle, we need a growing economy, but for those who are worried about how they will make it to the next payday, dreading an unexpected bill or struggling to feed their family, the benefits of growth can feel miles out of reach.
Will the Chancellor outline how her plan for growth will put money in people’s pockets and deliver change for those in our struggling communities?
We will shortly publish a financial inclusion strategy, as well as extending the household support fund to support some of the most vulnerable.
There are huge opportunities in Derby, as my hon.
Friend knows.
I was at Rolls Royce in Derby just last week.
What we are doing on trade deals, particularly with the US, hugely supports our aerospace sector, along with the increased spending on defence to 2.5% of GDP, which helps to invest in Great British firms and, indeed, in Great British steel.
I am aware that Derby’s economy was blighted last November by a foul smell said to be emanating from its local water treatment works.
Similar is true of my constituency, due to the failure of Southern Water’s air scrubbing system.
Will the Chancellor ensure that the spending review grants the Environment Agency the resources it needs to crack down on smell nuisances so that the water companies get a grip on the matter, for the benefit of local growth and our economy?
Supplementary questions must be relevant to the question on the Order Paper—forget it.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
This Government are securing economic growth.
Last week, the numbers published showed that the economy grew by 0.7% in the first quarter of this year, including an 8% increase year on year in investment spending.
We are now the fastest-growing economy in the G7.
Since the general election, there have been four cuts in interest rates, 200,000 jobs created and three trade deals secured.
Britain’s economy is stronger, but I will continue to do everything in my power to ensure that working people are better off.
Westminster is once again buzzing with the latest U-turns, speculation and briefings over the Chancellor’s policies on the winter fuel allowance and the two-child benefit cap.
There is less of a buzz for the visitors to Canterbury food bank, however, which last month distributed enough food to make 13,545 meals, in a 47% rise on the same period last year.
Will the Chancellor end the serious anxiety of those experiencing fuel and food poverty now and reverse those policies?
The only reason that we have been able to grow the economy and get those cuts in interest rates, which help working families in Canterbury and right across our country, is because we have returned stability to our economy.
That means never making a policy commitment without being able to say where the money comes from, which is what got our country into a mess under the previous Government.
We have set out the policies that we needed to put investment into the NHS and secure our public finances.
I join my hon.
Friend in welcoming the official opening of the Charles Hammond berth.
As she knows, we set up Great British Energy in Scotland, bringing forward £300 million of investment ahead of the spending review to secure jobs and supply chains.