That is absolutely the right question.
We all understandably hear calls for higher rates of pension saving, but the prior question is this: how do we ensure that savers get the best bang for their buck for every penny they save?
The forthcoming pension schemes Bill will help make that happen, with bigger pension schemes and fewer small pension pots, driving down costs and driving up saving rates for pensioners.
Can the Minister share with me, as chair of the reconstituted all-party parliamentary group on pensions and growth, any plans for how counties that are outside mayoral authorities, such as Staffordshire, could benefit from pension reforms to encourage more investment in the UK, to support infrastructure, jobs and local regeneration?
I certainly can.
Our reforms to the local government pension scheme will support local investment in every part of England and Wales.
Our defence spending plans will be felt on the ground—total defence spending in the west midlands totals £1.6 billion a year.
We are building reservoirs again, including one in the west midlands.
We are also getting the country trading once again, including businesses in Tamworth, where PI-KEM, a specialist chemical supplier, recently won a major export order, with £100,000 in UK Export Finance support.
Britain, and Tamworth, are open for business.
I want to ask about 18-year-olds, who are just starting off, being encouraged to take out a pension.
Whenever I was 18, my mother took me down to see John Thompson, the pensions man in Ballywalter, and he said, “You’re going to take a pension.”
I asked, “What for, Mum?”
She said, “You’re taking a pension.”
So I took the pension.
Does the Minister agree that what everybody really needs is somebody like my mother to encourage them to take a pension?
I did not know where that was going, but I know that I speak for everybody in the House when I say that the whole country needs someone like the hon.
Gentleman’s mother.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help increase economic growth in South Yorkshire.
What steps she has taken to help increase economic growth in Derby.
Kick-starting economic growth is this Government’s No.
1 mission.
From the next financial year, South Yorkshire combined authority will receive a single flexible funding pot through its integrated settlement, and the East Midlands combined authority will benefit from a new advanced manufacturing and logistics park, unlocking up to £1 billion of investment.
Both areas will benefit from £240 million of investment towards trailblazers to tackle economic inactivity.
The speciality steel site at Stocksbridge in my constituency has a strategically significant, highly specialist capability to produce world-leading steel that is crucial to our national defence, aerospace and energy industries.
The site employs 650 people and has an excellent skills training centre.
I welcome the Government’s £2.5 billion commitment to our UK steel industry.
What discussions has the Chancellor had with the Department for Business and Trade to ensure that the Government do everything they can to secure the British steel industry by using our domestic steel assets productively, and in particular the Stocksbridge speciality steel site?
Although I will not get into detailed discussions about one individual company, last year the Government set out the £2.5 billion steel fund in the Budget to preserve and grow steel manufacturing in the UK.
In the trade deals we have secured with the US and with the EU in the last couple of weeks, we have reduced tariffs on steel exports, which will be good for the British steel industry.
Shockingly, in Derby South 62% of adults in the community are financially vulnerable, which is far above the national average of 38%.