Lady says that details matter in government; they matter in opposition as well.
The SPS agreement cuts red tape and bureaucracy for all food and agricultural products going to the EU.
It is a massive boost for our supermarkets, our farmers and others.
Why is it that all the supermarkets have come out behind this deal?
Because they know how important the SPS agreement is.
It is completely in our favour.
There is a huge amount of detail there.
It is the best agreement.
On defence and security, we have greater operational co-ordination, and the right hon.
Lady is against it at a time like this.
It opens the gate to the EU defence procurement fund of €150 billion; that was a condition of the deal.
She complains about emissions. [
Hon.
Members: “How much?”]
I will tell you how much.
Businesses were going to pay £800 million a year in tariffs that they will not now pay.
That is why they are coming out in support of the deal.
That is how much.
The detail matters.
On energy, we are already connected, but we are not using that energy connection.
We have electrical access to the market.
On steel, we are getting rid of the tariffs.
That will support British steel, but the right hon.
Lady is against that, yet again.
She says that e-gates access is already in existence; this deal clears the way for e-gates access.
That is the huge difference it makes. [
Interruption.]
If any Conservative Members doubt that, they should travel across a border today and see the long queues.
On law enforcement, we have better operational working with Europol, and the right hon.
Lady is against it.
We have information sharing on facial mapping and dealing with criminal records, and she is against it.
She is absolutely unserious.
She is also against the India deal, which of course does huge things for trade in sectors such as whisky, where their only concern is whether they can produce enough.
They have been absolutely clear about supporting the India deal—a deal that the Conservatives tried to do—and she now says that she is against it.
We have the US deal, which saved thousands upon thousands of jobs in car manufacturing and at Jaguar Land Rover.
I do not know whether the right hon.
Lady had the chance to make that trip to JLR, but she really  ought to before she responds like that again.
The US deal reduces tariffs on steel, so that our steel can be sold to America, and supports our whisky and gin, and she is against it.
She is against every single deal.
She is the only ex-Trade Secretary who is against every single deal.
These deals have been welcomed broadly because they are good deals.
You do not get a great long list of endorsements from all the business associations and companies for no—[Interruption.]
The Conservatives are so unserious; they are lost in a descent into the abyss.
They used to be a proud party of trading agreements, and they have slid off into the abyss.
That is where they are.
On fishing, none of the rights negotiated by the Conservatives have been removed.
There is no change in access for coastal communities, which is the same as before.
There is no reduction in the British quota or increase in the EU quota; they are the same as before.
We have reciprocal arrangements, which are the same as before.
What is new is having the SPS agreement for the first time, and it is permanent.
They were unable to do that.
It reopens the EU market for shellfish and makes it much easier to sell British fish to our largest trading partner.
That is hugely significant, because 72% of British fish is traded into EU markets, and it is now easier to do that.
We are backing that with £360 million through our fishing and coastal grants.