I thought the hon.
Gentleman was going to welcome the investment of Universal Studios in Bedfordshire, which will be a massive boon to the county’s economy.
On supporting the adoption of AI, we are doing two key things.
First, we are supporting that sector investing in the UK, and the deal we secured with the US will help bring more investment into our digital sector.
Secondly, and crucially, we are improving the productivity of our public services.
The hon.
Gentleman will see more about that when we publish the spending review on  11 June .
We are absolutely determined to boost productivity in the public sector, after the mess in which it was left by the Conservatives.
What steps she is taking through the tax system to support vulnerable families.
The Government are committed to keeping taxes for working people as low as possible.
The personal allowance means those earning below £12,570 pay no tax.
At our first Budget, we decided not to extend the freeze on personal tax thresholds, which was implemented by the previous Government.
I thank the Minister for his response, but what short and long-term assessments have Ministers made of the cost to the taxpayer of the deep cuts in grants for therapy for some of the most vulnerable and traumatised children in our country through the adoption and special guardianship support fund?
Given the Treasury’s intransigence in putting more money into the fund to meet rising demand, it is likely that adoption and kinship care placements will fail, resulting in more children in the care system in the short term.
In the long term, sadly, we know that care-experienced children are four times more likely to end up with a criminal conviction.
There is a moral and economic case to support this fund properly.
I very much recognise, both as a constituency MP and as a Minister, the importance of making sure that adoptive parents can build a strong family unit with their adoptive children.
If I may make a broader point, the only reason we can invest in public services is because of difficult decisions we have taken around taxation.
The problem with the Liberal Democrats and other parties on the Opposition Benches is that they are happy to support the extra funding for public spending, but not the tax rises necessary to pay for it.
This is not an issue on which to make a party political point.
The reality is that a 40% cut to the adoption and special guardianship support fund will be deeply impactful for young people who have experienced significant trauma—abuse, neglect and so much more.
Given that our mental health services are not fit for purpose at the moment, it is imperative that we make the right investment so that those young people are not denied a life course opportunity if that fund is cut.
Will the Minister review the decision and ensure that we have the proper funding that young people need?
As my hon.
Friend will know, spending decisions are for the Chief Secretary of the Treasury to discuss with Departments.
I make the general point that investment in mental health, for instance, which she mentioned, is possible only because of the decisions we  have taken on taxation to ensure that we can support public spending on mental health services and on support for young people.
What steps she is taking to help increase returns on investment from pension savings.
That is absolutely the right question.
We all understandably hear calls for higher rates of pension saving, but the prior question is this: how do we ensure that savers get the best bang for their buck for every penny they save?
The forthcoming pension schemes Bill will help make that happen, with bigger pension schemes and fewer small pension pots, driving down costs and driving up saving rates for pensioners.