As for supporting business, the trade deal that we secured with the European Union was welcomed yesterday by the Confederation of British Industry, the Food & Drink  Federation, the Institute of Directors and others, because it will add about £9 billion to the size of the UK economy.
I call the shadow Chancellor of the Exchequer.
Only last week the right hon.
Lady was trumpeting that the economy had turned a corner, but, as she has just said, it is barely a month since her disastrous jobs tax started to bite.
May I ask her precisely which business confidence survey—just one—she can point to which supports her assertion that everything is coming up roses?
According to PwC’s global CEO survey—that is just one of the surveys—Britain is the second-best place in the world in which to invest, and that is what this Government are doing.
The shadow Chancellor simply is not serious, and his party is becoming completely irrelevant.
He talks about jobs; 200,000 jobs have been created since the general election.
He talks about economic growth; the UK is now the fastest-growing economy in the G7.
He talks about business; we have secured three trade agreements which are backed by British businesses and British trade unions, and the Conservative party opposes every single one of them.
No wonder even George Osborne has said that the shadow Chancellor has “no credible economic plan”.
While the Conservative party plummets into irrelevance, this Labour Government will deliver in the national interest.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
In the Budget the Government reduced business rates relief, which is hitting small businesses hard.
Under current plans, in the next financial year small independent businesses could see their rates go up by 80% and chains could see theirs go down by 40%.
I have shared that analysis with Ministers; will the Chancellor please promise that she will look at it personally to ensure that this—I think—unintended consequence does not come to pass and independent businesses do not close, leaving even more of our high streets looking the same?
The hon.
Lady will know that in the Budget, at a cost of about £1.5 billion, we were able to extend business rates relief, which was due to end entirely under the plans we had inherited from the Conservative party.
As she will also know, we are reforming the way in which business rates work so that there are permanently lower rates for hospitality and retail sectors, particularly on our high streets.
What progress she has made on updating the Green Book.
What comparative assessment she has made of the potential impact of rules for assessing value for money in public spending on levels of funding allocated in the south-east and the north of England.
In January, I announced a review of the Green Book to ensure that it is supporting fair, objective and transparent advice on public investment across the country, and I am working closely with our mayors, particularly Steve Rotheram, who has championed this issue.
Since January, the Treasury has been in conversation with over 70 different organisations and individuals regionally and nationally to identify areas where we can make changes to the Green Book and champion investment in the north of England.
Bear with me on this, Mr Speaker.
The previous Conservative Government did not get absolutely everything wrong.
They rightly identified that Treasury spending was a powerful tool to rebalance our economy in favour of areas like ours in the north of England.
They then failed to deliver, and voters delivered their verdict at the ballot box.
This Government have the opportunity to use this powerful tool and ensure that regional disparities are not further entrenched when they look at the Green Book.
What reassurance can the Chancellor give my constituents that projects such as repairing Stepping Hill hospital, or bringing the tram-train to Marple, will get a fair crack of the Treasury spending whip?
I totally agree with the hon.