All of these agreements will require legislation, and therefore they will go through the House on that basis.
Can I just point out to the Prime Minister that nothing can undo the fact that 17.5 million people voted leave?
They voted to take back control of our laws and stop paying money to the EU.
That was a considerably larger number than the 9.7 million people who voted Labour at the last election, but now the Prime Minister is submitting to EU regulations without any control and starting to pay money back to the European Union—he is giving up control over our laws and restoring payments to the European Union.
He will pay a bitter political price for this betrayal.
The hon.
Gentleman knows full well that we had red lines about not rejoining the EU—no single market, no customs union and no freedom of movement.
We were told that it was impossible to negotiate a better deal with the EU with those red lines, but we have just done it.
We have also shown that we are outside the EU, because as the hon.
Gentleman will appreciate, having deals with India and the US is inconsistent with membership of the EU.
There could be no better evidence that we are not going back into the EU; nor are these negotiations on that basis.
I know that the hon.
Gentleman understands that well, so I am surprised at the way in which he has put his question.
As for control of borders, net migration quadrupled after Brexit to nearly a million.
That was not controlling our borders; it was a complete lack of control by the Conservative party.
On the question of payments, it is important to appreciate that we have achieved unprecedented access to EU markets without the budgetary payments of member states.
That is an incredible achievement.
The only payment under the SPS agreement is administrative—to support the relevant costs of implementing and administering the scheme.
For schemes and payments where it is in our national interest, we will negotiate proportionate contributions, as already happens under the deal negotiated by the Conservatives—for example, in relation to research and development and Horizon.
The hon.
Gentleman knows all that very well.
I call the Chair of the Treasury Committee.
I congratulate the Prime Minister on this achievement, on top of two great trade deals.
This is important if we are trying to deliver growth in the economy.
Could the Prime Minister outline what he thinks the two or three main gains are to boost the economy in short order, so that we can build the public spending that we so badly need?
Our approach has been on the question of bringing our bills down, which is why the SPS agreement is so important, and of protecting and driving up jobs, which is why the EU, India and US agreements are all so important.
That is particularly the case for car manufacturing, but equally so for pharmaceuticals, which are protected under our agreement.
However, there is a bigger picture: these are three individual trade deals, but taken together they show that other countries want to do deals with the UK now in a way that they did not before.
With youth unemployment higher in Europe—in countries such as France, Spain, Portugal and Sweden—I can see why the EU pushed for a youth mobility scheme: to help get its youth unemployment figures down.
Can the Prime Minister tell the House what impact assessment he has done of his youth scheme?
What effect will it have on youth unemployment among young Brits, particularly white working-class boys, who suffer the most?
Can he also tell the House today what cap he has put on the number of people coming to the UK?
If he cannot, this is a bitter betrayal of British youth.
The agreement gives young people in the United Kingdom the opportunity to work, to study and to travel in Europe.