As part of every major investment decision, we should ask the question: what does this do for our most deprived and left-behind neighbourhoods?
It is only by targeting investment where it is needed most that we can ensure that every community feels the benefit of the growth that this Government will bring.
My hon.
Friend is a proud champion of the towns and villages of Rossendale and Darwen.
We will make sure that we use our Green Book review to properly assess the benefit of all this Government’s investments.
On top of that capital investment, the people of Rossendale and Darwen are benefiting from the 3 million additional appointments that we have delivered, which have led to reductions in NHS waiting lists, and also the increase in the national living wage, which will make working people in his constituency and across the country better off.
The towns and villages of the lakes and the dales in Cumbria are proud to host 20 million visitors every single year—we are the UK’s biggest visitor destination outside of London—yet we get almost no support whatsoever for the costs incurred by those visitors on our highways and other infrastructure, health services and police.
Will the Chancellor look at funding allocations to make sure that those services that support the residents and the visitors are properly funded?
The Green Book reforms will ensure that we properly assess the benefits of investments in different parts of the UK, but the people of Cumbria and the lakes will benefit from the record investment in the NHS, the roll-out of nurseries and free breakfast clubs at primary schools, as well as the increase in the national living wage, from which many workers in sectors such as hospitality and retail in the hon.
Member’s constituency will directly benefit.
One way to get Treasury officials to start focusing more on northern towns would be to move the Treasury up north.
After experiencing our rail networks and our infrastructure, they may very quickly invest more money in the area.
Are there any plans to move any Treasury offices to the north?
No.
11 Market Street, Chorley? [
Laughter.]
This Government have committed to increasing the proportion of civil servants who work in the north of England.
But we already have a hub that we are expanding in Darlington, where eight Departments work, including officials from the Treasury.
The Treasury is very mindful of the importance of investing right across the north of England—in Darlington, Leeds, Cumbria, Rossendale and Darwen and many other constituencies beside.
The prosperity of northern towns is very much dependent on good transport connections.
Will the Chancellor ensure that National Highways is adequately funded, so that it can improve access to the port and town of Immingham through improvements to the A180, and  also that the Department for Transport has adequate funds to meet the modest amount that is needed to fund an extension of the King’s Cross to Lincoln train service through to Grimsby and Cleethorpes?
I shall make sure that the Transport Secretary hears those requests, but the hon.
Gentleman knows that our investment in British Steel, which will save that company, is set to increase the number of jobs there.
That will make a massive difference to his constituents, as will the investment in renewable energy in the North sea, particularly around Immingham, creating good jobs and paying decent wages in his constituency and in many others, too.
What steps she is taking through the spending review to help increase levels of economic growth.
What steps she is taking through the spending review to help increase levels of economic growth.
What steps she is taking through the spending review to help increase levels of economic growth.
I know that my hon.
Friend is working closely with the local Labour council in Southport to regenerate the local town centre, and we will make sure that this Government back him every step of the way.