This Government have the opportunity to use this powerful tool and ensure that regional disparities are not further entrenched when they look at the Green Book.
What reassurance can the Chancellor give my constituents that projects such as repairing Stepping Hill hospital, or bringing the tram-train to Marple, will get a fair crack of the Treasury spending whip?
I totally agree with the hon.
Lady.
The plans that we inherited from the Conservative party saw capital spending decline as a share of GDP, which is totally the wrong decision if we want to grow the economy and improve prospects in towns and cities across the north of England.
Over the course of this Parliament, we are putting £113 billion more into capital spending so that we can build the road and rail infrastructure, the energy infrastructure, the digital infrastructure and the housing that our country desperately needs.
Under our reforms to the Green Book, we will make sure that we get more investment to the places that need it, including towns and cities in the north of England.
I am grateful to have secured Thursday’s Adjournment debate on the A66 road improvement project—a key transport link between Cumbria, the north-east and North Yorkshire.
Cumbria is a long way from Westminster, and many of us fear that the economic case for major projects is stacked in favour of the economically active south-east.
Can the Chancellor reassure me that Cumbria will not be disadvantaged when key public spending decisions are taken?
My hon.
Friend is a staunch defender of his constituency and region.
We will make decisions at the spending review, which we will publish on  11 June , but as a proud northern MP, I am absolutely determined that the north gets its fair share of investment.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to support growth in the night-time economy.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to support growth in the night-time economy in Essex.
The night-time economy, and the hospitality sector more widely, is the beating heart of our cultural life, bringing to life the places we all call home.
That is why this Government have cut draught duty and introduced a fairer, permanent business rates system.
We all want our pubs, clubs and restaurants to thrive.
Last month, I met representatives of Bournemouth town centre’s night-time economy at one of the newest additions to our high street, Barbara’s Bier Haus.
The sector is incredibly resilient but is grappling with a number of challenges, such as changing consumer behaviour and rising costs.
One issue that is common across our hospitality and retail sectors is prohibitively high business rates.
Can the Minister update us on the progress that we are making towards business rates reform, and tell us how this will give the night-time economy the security it needs to be prosperous?
I completely recognise my hon.
Friend’s point.
Last autumn, alongside announcing immediate support for retail, hospitality and leisure properties, the Government published a discussion paper setting out our priorities for wider reform, and I know the Exchequer Secretary has met a wide range of businesses on this subject.
We are delivering permanently lower business rates for these sectors, and we will announce further policy details at the Budget in the autumn.
The Kursaal in Southend—the site of the first theme park in Europe—and the Freight House in Rochford were once iconic venues in my community and central to the night-time economy.
Over the last 14 years, venues have been forced to close and heritage buildings have been left empty.
What steps are the Minister and his Cabinet colleagues taking to protect the iconic heritage and cultural venues that are the backbone of our evening and local economies?
I have missed out on the particular historical gems that my hon.
Friend mentions, but my daughter is a big fan of Southend so obviously I agree with him wholeheartedly.
And the Government agree with my hon.