Fourthly, on the Prime Minister’s manifesto promises, he said that we would not rejoin the single market.
He promised no new payments, and that he would protect British interests.
That promise has lasted about as long as his commitment to protect pensioners’ winter fuel allowance.
He said whatever was needed to win power, and now he will say whatever is needed to keep it, even if it means selling out our sovereignty, our businesses and the public.
The truth is that most of what was announced yesterday was not a deal.
There was no binding agreement on anything.
Most of the items outlined are simply agreements to enter into further discussions, which we are already having.
The Prime Minister is boasting that we will now avoid airport queues because we will get access to EU e-gates.
It sounds great, except it is not true; some airports already allow that, and this deal does not guarantee it anywhere, as each country still has to agree.
That sums up this deal perfectly: it is a lot of spin to disguise the terrible substance.
Having previously ruled out a youth mobility scheme, the Prime Minister is now desperately trying to hide his latest U-turn by rebranding the scheme as an experience.
That is risible.
We have no details on any cap or time limit, which begs the question: why are the Government talking about increasing migration before they have got a grip on the small boats or the legal migration system?
I know that the Prime Minister does not like answering questions, but people out there want to know.
Can we have some honesty about what has been discussed?
How many young European workers does the Prime Minister think would be acceptable, and will they be able to bring dependants?
Even the defence commitments in this deal are hopelessly one-sided.
We are making payments, but the EU is offering dialogue and consultation.
This is a pitiful return for the country that leads NATO in Europe, and has troops on the ground in Estonia, defending our allies.
Can the Prime Minister tell us why there was not a single word in his statement about the money that we will now be sending to Brussels?
Can he set out how much those payments will cost taxpayers?
In government, details matter, and so does honesty. [
Laughter.]
Labour Members are laughing, but this is a bad deal for the country.
Look at them.
This is how they laughed at the Budget.
They have no idea what it is that they have  signed up to.
The Prime Minister said that he would stay out of the single market; he is going into the single market for agrifood, electricity and energy.
He said that he would stay out of the customs union, but he is accepting EU tariff rules.
How does he plan to stop the EU changing them to our disadvantage?
He has no idea, and neither do any of them.
The British people know when they are being misled.
They know that headlines fail.
The Prime Minister did not listen to the CBI on the jobs tax, and he did not listen to the Federation of Small Businesses on the family farms tax.
This deal has already unravelled.
The damage is becoming clear, and the political consequences will be huge, and here he is, trumpeting his success.
When he stands up in a moment, he will deflect, dismiss and distract, but we all know the truth.
This is a fiction of a speech, a fraud of a deal, and a failure of a Prime Minister.
Oh dear.
That was just such an unserious response.
The right hon.
Lady says that details matter in government; they matter in opposition as well.
The SPS agreement cuts red tape and bureaucracy for all food and agricultural products going to the EU.
It is a massive boost for our supermarkets, our farmers and others.