What steps she is taking through the spending review to help increase levels of economic growth.
I know that my hon.
Friend is working closely with the local Labour council in Southport to regenerate the local town centre, and we will make sure that this Government back him every step of the way.
Whether it is the Marine Lake Events Centre, the Enterprise Arcade or the new Market Quarter in my Southport constituency, my town has benefited from state-led investment in neighbourhoods and the public realm.
Does the Chancellor agree that investment policies of this sort are essential to driving economic growth in our regions and nations and will help us to finally turn the page on the failed austerity policies of the Conservative party?
I absolutely agree, and that is why we have reversed the Conservatives’ decisions to cut capital spending.
Instead, we are preserving that capital investment, which means spending £113 billion more on road, rail, energy, homes and digital infrastructure than would have been spent in the plans we inherited.
We are also spending on day-to-day things, such as making sure that we have police on our streets, and working with our mayors, including Mayor Steve Rotheram, to ensure we get investment into the places that most need it.
Small businesses are the backbone of our economy.
In Ilford South we have many small businesses, ranging from restaurants like Delhi O Delhi, Mr Bunns Bakery, tea shops like Mi Chaii to local shops like the Chopra convenience stores.
They make Ilford an amazing place to eat, shop and do business.
Will the Chancellor join me in commending the local businesses that make the high street the beating heart of Ilford South, and will she lay out what steps she is taking to support these entrepreneurs?
At the Budget, we more than doubled the employment allowance to £10,500 to take many small businesses out of paying national insurance altogether.
On corporation tax, we have maintained the small profits rate to help smaller businesses, and to help entrepreneurs raise finance and grow, the Government have extended the enterprise investment scheme and the venture capital trust scheme.
I very much add my words of support to businesses across Ilford, and I commend the work my hon.
Friend does to champion them.
Clwyd North is a proud coastal constituency, home to a dedicated hospitality sector with many small businesses, including the recently opened Bobcats Coffee, where young entrepreneur Bobby is an example to us all.
Economic circumstances have been tough after a decade of neglect by the Tories.
Will the Chancellor outline the Treasury’s plans to support the small businesses that are such a vital part of our local economy?
From the next financial year, this Government will introduce permanently lower rates for high street, retail, hospitality and leisure properties with rateable values below £500,000, and we are doing that exactly to support the sort of businesses that my hon.
Friend champions.
I draw attention to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
Earlier this month, Harbour Energy announced that it would be cutting 25% of its onshore workforce, blaming the Government’s punitive fiscal position and challenging regulatory environment.
When the news was announced, the Chancellor said that this was just a commercial decision by one company, so how does she explain the other energy sector jobs that have been lost in north-east Scotland in just the last few weeks?
Belmar Engineering is entering liquidation, with 48 job losses.
Well-Safe Solutions faces 45 job losses.
Beam, a subsea technology company, has made all 200 staff redundant.
With Harbour Energy’s cut of 25% of its workforce—250 jobs—we are talking about 600 jobs in total.
How can the Chancellor explain that, and how will she support the industry in the spending review?
My hon.
Friend the Exchequer Secretary to the Treasury is working closely with businesses right across the energy sector.