To give her further reassurance, I can tell her that earlier this week, I met energy suppliers, and I also have ongoing meetings with Citizens Advice and other stakeholders.
Like others, I welcome what the Government have already done to extend the permitted development rights for rooftop solar and car park canopies, but may I encourage my hon.
Friend to tell others in Government who have  responsibility for planning that there are considerable benefits to car park canopies, particularly in hotter summers?
I thank my right hon.
and learned Friend for his question.
I urge him to bide his time and have patience, because in the next few weeks we will publish our solar road map, which will expand on exactly how we will work with other Government Departments, and indeed industry, to ensure that we benefit from the huge advantages that we have in the number of rooftops available for the deployment of solar capacity across the UK.
There has indeed been a significant increase in domestic insulation schemes in recent years.
However, will the Minister agree to increase the number of conversations with devolved institutions, so that we can see a genuinely nationwide revival of insulation schemes that, individually, can do more to reduce the dependency on high energy costs for those at maximum risk, in social housing and elsewhere?
Clearly, energy efficiency is incredibly important, which means that making sure that we get the correct insulation schemes is also incredibly important.
I give the hon.
Gentleman my assurance that we are doing everything we can to ensure that that insulation takes place.
Given the floating offshore wind manufacturing investment scheme funding recently awarded to Wales, can the Minister please advise me on when A&P Falmouth, which is to be a vital part of the supply chain for the only successful project in allocation round 4, will be put on the reserve list?
The Minister has promised to meet me on several occasions.
Can I ask that we expedite that much as possible?
I would be delighted to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss this matter.
Indeed, I am determined to ensure that ports that were not successful in the FLOWMIS process can take advantage of the huge increase that we expect in the deployment of floating offshore wind capacity off the coast of the United Kingdom.
I am happy to meet my hon.
Friend and, indeed, any other Member of Parliament who represents a port that was not successful through the FLOWMIS procedure to discuss how we can move this forward.
Community energy can deliver so many renewable energy products and save on energy bills.
Last year in Bath, a community energy project putting rooftop solar on schools saved schools £130,000.
When will the Government remove the barriers to community energy?
As a result of the Energy Act 2023, we launched a consultation and a multimillion-pound fund to help to support the expansion of community energy across the United Kingdom.
It would be great to have the Liberal Democrats’ support in the effort that this party and this Government are making to ensure that the benefits of community energy are felt up and down the length and breadth of the country.
As we go to net zero, surely we also need to retain our sense of human rights.
Polysilicon mostly comes from Xinjiang, where it is mined using slave labour.
To what extend are we prepared to say that net zero trumps slave labour, and are we checking on slave labour products in the arrays?
I can assure my right hon.
Friend that we are indeed ensuring that the extent to which slave labour is used is kept very much at a minimum, if at all, in the supply chain of any of the components coming to advance us towards net zero.