What meetings has the Minister had with these speculative investors to ensure that the people who build solar farms will be there in 40 years to make sure that they are removed?
My hon.
Friend and constituency neighbour raises an important point about speculative development.
As part of speeding up the grid queue, in which we have somewhere in the region of 700 GW of power capacity coming forward, we wish to prioritise shovel-ready schemes, not speculative schemes.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Since I was last at the Dispatch Box, we have been building up Britain’s energy security.
We have taken the next step in the biggest expansion of nuclear in 70 years, making Britain a producer of advanced nuclear fuel and pushing Putin out of the global energy market.
Just today, Rolls-Royce announced that it will invest millions of pounds in bringing new jobs to Sheffield to manufacture small modular reactors.
We have overachieved in our third carbon budget, which is keeping us on track to reach net zero, and we are building on our proud record of being the first major economy to halve emissions.
We have invested over half a billion pounds to help cut energy costs and bills for schools and hospitals, and we are taking our next steps on PumpWatch to protect motorists from unfair prices.
Latest figures by National Energy Action show that there are still 1,875 homes in my constituency with legacy prepayment meters.
What action are the Government taking to remove this costly burden on families?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her question.
During my career, I have looked at the issue of prepayment meters for a long time, and one of the things that I am proudest of is our taking out the premium that people on prepayment meters were paying.
I welcome Ofgem’s ongoing review of standing charges in electricity bills.
In the North Wales and Merseyside region, the standing charge is 67.04p per day, compared to an average of 60.10p across the UK.
Will the Minister commit to coming back to the House to provide further comment on this geographical variation once Ofgem has published the findings of its review?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point and is right to pick up on this matter.
I reassure him that I have encouraged and pushed Ofgem to do more on this issue.
Electricity standing charges include network costs, which reflect the cost of maintaining and upgrading the transmission and distribution networks across the country.
I am of course happy to meet him to discuss this subject further.
I call the shadow Minister.
The National Infrastructure Commission said that the Government have reversed some progress on net zero.
The right hon.
Member for Maidenhead (Mrs May)  said that the Government’s roll-back on net zero has put off investors.
A member of the Climate Change Committee has said that we are “not ready at all” for the impact of extreme weather on our national security.
Mad, bad and dangerous.
Will the Secretary of State finally back Great British Energy and the national wealth fund instead of lurching from crisis to crisis, not having a plan and selling out Britain?
We absolutely will not be backing putting the shadow Secretary of State in charge of UK and British energy companies, piling misery on to consumer bills.
We have unlocked £300 billion of public and private investment in low-carbon technology since 2010, with plans for £100 billion more by 2030.
Last year alone, we saw an investment of £60 billion; that is up a staggering 71% on the previous year.
I know the Secretary of State understands the importance of safeguarding good agricultural land for food production.
Will she update my constituents in Inkberrow and Stock Green on what more she is doing to ensure that solar panels are placed on car park and warehouse rooftops, which we have an ample number of in my constituency?