One of the problems is that people with pre-payment meters often find that, when they go to add the payment, the standing charges wipe everything out.
Can the Government and Ofgem find a way to provide more support for those on pre-payment meters to avoid that problem?
The hon.
Lady and I have had many conversations about this issue.
One of the things that we have done is make sure that people who are on pre-payment meters are not unfairly penalised.
I call the shadow Minister.
The Minister and her colleagues have repeatedly said today that they care about cutting bills for families, but a recent report by the Resolution Foundation found that the onshore wind ban has hit the poorest households’ income six times harder than that of the richest.
Such households have been forced to pay additional electricity bills as a result of the total failure to build onshore wind in England.
How on earth can Ministers continue to sit there and claim that they stand up for working families when they continue to block the cheapest form of clean energy there is, which could cut bills for families who desperately need help?
Before she leaves office, will the Secretary of State pledge to put this right so that onshore wind can be built again and customers can save money on their future bills?
That is absolutely not the case.
We stand here incredibly proudly as Ministers in the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero, and we have made a commitment.
We are doing more than has ever been done on renewables and offshore wind, and we have done more to help people with the affordability of their bills.
What steps she is taking to help improve energy efficiency in social housing.
The social housing decarbonisation fund is upgrading to EPC C a significant amount of the social housing stock that is currently below that standard.
We have already committed over £1 billion of Government funding, with a further £1.25 billion already committed for 2025 to 2028.
By how much has the Minister increased the level of insulation, and what significance does she attach to it?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his brevity, as always.
The amount of social housing that is well insulated has gone up from just 24% in 2010 to 70% today.
For housing overall, we have gone from just 14% in 2010 to 50% today.
I welcome, through the Minister, the admission by the Secretary of State last week finally that this flagship scheme is failing, although the words she used were that it has been
“a bit slow on the uptake”.
They have had 14 years to devise the most cost-effective way of reducing carbon emissions and people’s bills, making homes warmer and creating good new skilled jobs.
When will we have a scheme that actually works?
I respectfully say to the right hon.
Gentleman that we do have schemes that are working.
I remind him that the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero has launched a £1 billion Great British installation scheme, which aims to upgrade around 300,000 of the country’s least energy-efficient homes.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
The Scottish Government are working at pace to replace polluting heating systems and improve energy efficiency in Scotland’s building stock, with £1.8 billion being invested in this parliamentary Session towards heat and energy efficiency measures and £600 million towards new affordable housing.
With the Climate Change Committee stating that the Scottish Government’s heat in buildings Bill could become the template for the UK, helping Scotland to decarbonise faster than anywhere else in the UK, would the Minister like to visit the Scottish Government in Edinburgh?
I can arrange that for her, so that she can see climate leadership in action.
I reiterate that energy efficiency is incredibly important to us on the Government Benches and to the Government.
I would be happy to come on a visit to Edinburgh.