Sir Robert has welcomed the Government’s proposals as positive and meaningful, and he will set out more details on engagement with the community shortly.
The inquiry recommended that the scheme should be flexible in its awards of compensation, providing for either a lump sum or regular payments.
We agree, which is why the awards to living infected or affected persons will be offered as either a lump sum or as periodical payments.
Where the infected person has died, estate  representatives will receive compensation as a single lump sum to distribute to beneficiaries of the estate, as is appropriate.
We will also guarantee that any payments made to those eligible will be exempt from income, capital gains and inheritance tax, as well as disregard them from means-tested benefit assessments.
We will also ensure that all claimants are able to appeal against their award both through an internal review process in the Infected Blood Compensation Authority and, where needed, with a right to appeal to a first-tier tribunal.
Our expectation is that final payments will start before the end of the year, and if you permit, Mr Speaker, I would like to return to the House when the regulations are laid later this year to make a further statement with an update on the delivery of the compensation scheme.
I know from my discussions with the community just how important the existing infected blood support scheme payments are to them.
I recognise that many people, sadly, rely on these payments, and they are rightly keen to understand what the Government’s intentions are.
I want to provide reassurance to all those out there today that no immediate changes will be made to the support schemes.
Payments will continue to be made at the same level until  31 March 2025 , and they will not be deducted from any of these compensation awards.
From  1 April 2025 , any support scheme payments received will be counted towards a beneficiary’s final compensation award.
This will ensure parity between support scheme beneficiaries regardless of whether they were the first or the last to have their compensation assessed by the Infected Blood Compensation Authority.
We will ensure that no one—no one—receives less in compensation than they would have received in support payments.
I recognise that each week members of the infected blood community are dying from their infections.
There may be people—indeed, there will be people—listening today who are thinking to themselves that they may not live to receive compensation, so I want to address those concerns, too.
Today, I am announcing that the Government will be making further interim payments ahead of the establishment of the full scheme.
Payments of £210,000 will be made to living infected beneficiaries—those registered with existing infected blood support schemes as well as those who register with a support scheme before the final scheme becomes operational—and to the estates of those who pass away between now and payments being made.
I know that time is of the essence, which is why I am also pleased to say that they will be delivered within 90 days, starting in the summer, so that they can reach those who most need it so urgently.
Before I conclude, I would like to turn to the matter of memorialisation.
Many of those who were infected by contaminated blood or blood products have since died—died without knowing that their suffering and loss would be fully recognised either in their lifetime or at all.
The lives of most of those who have died remain unrecognised.
I note Sir Brian’s recommendations on memorialisation across the UK, and the Government will address those recommendations in detail as part of our wider response to this report.