Unlike the Opposition, we respect the views of communities up and down the country; we will ensure that our countryside is not industrialised, and incentivise companies, individuals and organisations to invest in rooftop solar, and solar on brownfield, not greenfield, sites.
Does the Minister think that a regulator that allows the poorest to pay the highest bills, and that has overseen the doubling of energy bills since 2021 and the collapse of 30 energy companies in the same period, is fit for purpose?
We are ensuring that energy businesses are able to survive, and not just through the price caps.
This is also a matter for Ofgem.
My constituency is home to Scout Moor, one of the largest onshore wind farms in Europe, but the north-west also has amazing potential for offshore wind; an example is the Morgan and Morecambe development off the coast of Lancashire.
Such projects require huge amounts of infrastructure to be realised.
Notwithstanding the reassurances that my right hon.
Friend has already given, will she ensure that community consent is part of any infrastructure projects of this kind?
My hon.
Friend raises an important matter.
Absolutely; that is part of our forward planning in making sure that we can unlock the huge potential in every region of our United Kingdom.
Under Ofgem’s price cap, which has just come into effect, people with the most poorly insulated rural homes can expect to pay an additional £340 on their annual energy bills.
Will the Minister expand insulation schemes, particularly for people living in rural areas?
The hon.
Gentleman’s question covers a few issues.
One of the most important things is to look at how the standing charges are made up.
That is why we have encouraged Ofgem to answer our call for input.
Insulation schemes are incredibly important as well, which is why the Government are committed to supporting so many of them.
Hydrogen is the only viable alternative to natural gas for a balanced, reactive and carbon-zero electricity grid.
The UK has 32 gas power plants, all of which could be cheaply and easily retrofitted to burn hydrogen as a natural gas.
What is the Department doing to encourage this sort of retrofitting, so that we can allow technologies to decarbonise electricity generation and take advantage of the many benefits of hydrogen?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that rather surprising question on hydrogen.
The Government recognise the value of hydrogen in supporting a decarbonised and secure power system.
We intend to publish soon our response to the December 2023 hydrogen-to-power market intervention consultation, and we will soon legislate for decarbonisation readiness requirements, so that new-build or substantially refurbished combustion power plants are built net zero ready.
In the last 12 months, one in five households, or one in four young households, in energy debt have turned to illegal money lenders to help pay for bills and everyday essentials.
The End Fuel Poverty Coalition has stated that the crisis could mean that young households spend years at the mercy of these loan sharks.
What assessment has the Minister made of the merits of working with Ofgem and energy suppliers in order to introduce support to alleviate this record-high energy debt?
The hon.
Member makes an incredibly important point, and I have had many conversations with her on this matter.
I can reassure her that I meet Ofgem regularly to discuss this, as the issue is very close to my heart—hence the call for input.
To give her further reassurance, I can tell her that earlier this week, I met energy suppliers, and I also have ongoing meetings with Citizens Advice and other stakeholders.
Like others, I welcome what the Government have already done to extend the permitted development rights for rooftop solar and car park canopies, but may I encourage my hon.
Friend to tell others in Government who have  responsibility for planning that there are considerable benefits to car park canopies, particularly in hotter summers?