The road map sets out plans to make investment decisions concerning 3 GW to 7 GW every five years between 2030 and 2044.
Clearly it is important to have a mixed economy in terms of energy production, and nuclear has to play its part.
What action is my hon.
Friend taking to ensure that the development of small modular nuclear reactors is enhanced and brought forward, because that is the fastest way to get nuclear energy into our network?
I completely agree with my hon.
Friend.
The small modular reactor technology selection process—the fastest of its kind in the world, I might add—continues to progress quickly and is currently in the tender phase, allowing vendors to bid for potentially multibillion-pound technology development contracts.
Companies will have until June to submit their tender responses, at which point Great British Energy will evaluate bids and negotiate final contracts.
The aim is to announce successful bids later this year.
The Minister is always quick and keen to ensure that all parts of this great United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland have advantages.
When it comes to the technology to which the question refers, when will Northern Ireland get the same advantage?
As the hon.
Gentleman knows, I am keen to ensure that every part of our great United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland benefits from the expansion of nuclear power and the benefits that it can bring, not only for meeting our net zero objectives but for the economies in which these small modular reactors will be built.
I would be happy to meet him at any time to explore what benefits can be accrued in Northern Ireland from the expansion of our nuclear capacity here in the UK.
What assessment she has made of the potential implications for her policies of the High Court judgment of 3 May 2024 relating to the Government’s carbon budget delivery plan.
The Government are immensely proud of our record on climate change.
We have cut emissions  faster than any other G20 country over the last decade.
The judgment contains no criticism of our detailed plans or the policies themselves, which will keep the UK on track to meet net zero by 2050.
The Government have a legal and moral duty to meet our carbon emissions target.
Failure to do so would consign my generation, and generations after mine, to a future of climate catastrophe, so it is beyond a joke that the Government’s carbon budget delivery plan has now been ruled unlawful, not just once but twice.
When will the Minister tell the flat earthers sitting behind him to stop trying to make net zero a culture war issue, and instead deliver a transition that both meets our climate obligations and improves people’s living standards?
Our carbon budget delivery plan has over 300 detailed policies.
We are recognised as a leader internationally, having already cut emissions by half—the first major economy to do so—with a further ambitious target to get to 68% by 2030, compared with just 55% for the shadow Secretary of State’s beloved EU.
What estimate she has made of the number of households receiving compensation after being involuntarily fitted with prepayment meters.
The energy suppliers are responsible for paying compensation.
They have carried out 150,000 assessments so far,  with 2,500 customers due compensation.
A total of 1,502 payments have been made, with 1,000 more planned.
Despite the energy ombudsman ruling that one of my constituents should not have been placed on a prepayment meter due to her vulnerabilities, she has not been awarded a penny of compensation under the scheme.
As the Minister has just outlined, only 1,500 people, out of 150,000, have had any compensation awarded at all.
That is 1%, so why is the number so small?
Could it be that the energy suppliers themselves, overseen by Ofgem, are deciding who is entitled to these payments?