Time is of the essence: one victim dies every four days.
Will the Minister set out more detail about how the personal representatives of estates will be handled as part of the scheme?
Will he also confirm that plans are in place to trace additional people who might be eligible for compensation?
Will he say a little more about when we can expect a progress report on Sir Brian Langstaff’s other 11 recommendations, beyond the establishment of the compensation body?
I add my support, and that of all Labour Members, to the consideration of appropriate and fitting memorials  across the different parts of the UK and, as Sir Brian Langstaff recommends, for victims who were treated at Treloar’s.
On potential criminal charges, will the Minister ensure that all relevant evidence is made available for consideration by the prosecuting authorities and any other necessary support provided?
Sir Brian Langstaff’s findings on institutional defensiveness, and on putting the reputation of people and protecting institutions above public service, follow on from other scandals such as Hillsborough and Horizon.
That is why we must deliver a duty of candour and the political leadership that we need to replace that culture of defensiveness with openness and transparency.
Sir Brian Langstaff’s report challenges us all to make progress on his recommendations.
That is what we must now come together to do.
The victims deserve nothing less.
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his collegiate tone and for the constructive approach he has taken throughout our conversations and in his response this afternoon.
I totally embrace the need to continue the dialogue with victims.
That is why I was pleased that Sir Robert Francis agreed to take on that role, having done the study into compensation.
We have obviously met a number of times, and I have explained to him what Jonathan Montgomery and the experts panel did.
I am pleased that he has got to a point where he is sufficiently satisfied to move forward in this way.
As the Prime Minister made clear yesterday, there is no restriction on the budget, and where we need to pay we will pay.
We will minimise delays and address the recommendations of Sir Brian Langstaff with respect to speed and efficiency, removing as much complexity as possible.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked about the representatives of different estates and tracing additional claimants.
Those will be matters that the interim chief executive and interim chair will look at carefully.
I envisage through the month of June an exercise to engage meaningfully with representatives of the communities, to look at some of the assumptions in the work of that expert panel, which will inform the regulations that we are duty bound to bring to the House within three months of the Victims and Prisoners Bill receiving Royal Assent.
Some of the other matters about appropriate memorialisation, criminal charges and duty of candour, on some of which progress is being made in different ways, are probably best left to some of my colleagues at a subsequent point.
As I said, I anticipate that we will have an early opportunity to discuss those matters in full, in a debate soon after the Whitsun recess.
I call the Father of the House.
The House will understand that my remarks will be subsidiary to those of  the right hon.
Member for Kingston upon Hull North (Dame Diana Johnson) .
It is 36 years since I was with the first of my friends who I knew had been infected, and 33 years since that person died.
Friendships got fractured, and families were changed forever.
One point that I hope my right hon.