My hon.
Friend has raised an important issue.
We are, of course, helping all those households.
The Government supported about 3 million households using alternative fuels with the £200 alternative fuel payments in the winter of 2022-23, and although  energy prices, including alternative fuel costs, have fallen significantly since then, we are nevertheless committed to supporting all households with that £108 billion package between 2022 and 2025.
I have just had some solar panels fitted to my roof and I am pleased to report that they are reducing my bills, but what more are the Government doing to encourage people to produce their own electricity by means of renewables, in order to reduce the pull on the grid and also reduce bills?
I am delighted to hear that my hon.
Friend has had those solar panels fitted.
She will be interested to hear that the Government are considering options to facilitate low-cost finance from retail lenders to help households with the up-front costs of installation, and to drive rooftop deployment and energy efficiency measures.
I know of too many cases in which people whose properties are connected to heat networks are paying extremely high energy bills.
I welcome the Department’s response to the consultation on heat networks, but the Energy Act 2023 only allows for Secretaries of State to introduce a price cap, at their discretion.
Some of my constituents are paying bills that are 13 times the level of the cap.
Will the Minister consider a mandatory cap to ensure fair prices for heat network customers?
The hon.
Lady makes an important point.
Of course, the price cap is an issue for Ofgem.
However, I would be interested to hear some of her suggestions and I am always happy to have a meeting on that particular subject.
Fuel and extreme fuel poverty across the highlands and islands is higher than anywhere else in the UK, yet families there are forced to pay the highest electricity standing charges in the UK—50% more than in London, for example.
That is despite the region exporting in excess of six times the amount of renewable electricity that it uses.
When will the Government introduce a highland energy rebate to ensure fairness for people across the highlands and islands?
The hon.
Gentleman will know that we have had many conversations about this subject.
One of the things that the Secretary of State and I have been doing is talking to Ofgem to make sure that it is looking at the standing charges.
That has led to a call for input, which has recently had over 30,000 responses.
My constituent Beverley Scott, who has cancer, suffered from poor work carried out under the Government’s ECO4 scheme.
This included leaving her without heating and damaging her internet.
She eventually had to go to the small claims court to get redress for shoddy work, and I know of other people who have had to follow the same route.
Given that provider companies, enabled by Government strategy, leave vulnerable householders with no option but to go to court, does the Minister not agree that there should be better oversight and a simpler remedy for people like Beverley Scott?
The right hon.
Lady makes an incredibly important point.
Of course, one of the things that we are determined to do is make sure that those installations are carried out in the correct manner.
In fact, we have new regulations in place to make sure that that happens going forward.
The Minister will know that I am concerned about the level of standing charges in my constituency, as I have discussed this issue with her before.
One of the problems is that people with pre-payment meters often find that, when they go to add the payment, the standing charges wipe everything out.
Can the Government and Ofgem find a way to provide more support for those on pre-payment meters to avoid that problem?
The hon.