It is worth reflecting on what Sir Brian put in his report  yesterday about the Government’s failure to respond to Sir Robert Francis’s compensation framework document, which the Leader of the House commissioned when she was Paymaster General, and which the Government promised several times to respond to.
That was never published.
Because we have also not had a proper written response to the second interim report from Sir Brian last April, will the Minister set out whether all 18 recommendations are being accepted by the Government?
If not, why not?
Will he confirm how the Government will ensure that the compensation authority is accountable directly to Parliament, as recommended by the infected blood inquiry?
I thank the right hon.
Lady for her observations and for her ongoing engagement since my appointment.
I take seriously her point about having no decisions without full engagement.
I made a decision, in order to get to this point where we would, in principle, accept the recommendations of Sir Brian Langstaff and move forward with the independent expert panel.
As I have said to her previously, I was always prepared to reveal the names of those individuals, but I did not want them to be distracted while they did urgent work to make progress quickly.
Their names will be available shortly—today.
Sir Robert Francis and I had a number of conversations about the interaction between Government and the expert group, and the logic that I used to get to the heads of loss and the scheme today.
I am delighted that he is prepared to facilitate engagement with the communities.
I have also been mindful of the principle of the Government managing public money while also recognising Sir Brian’s imperative to set up a body that is at arm’s length from Government, in order to generate some trust with a very vulnerable community.
Reconciling those two has not been straightforward.
The right hon.
Lady asked about the accountability of the arm’s length body.
These matters will need to be discussed further with respect to the regulations that we must lay before the House.
A number of my predecessors have done a lot of work on this issue.
I am pleased that we have made significant progress, but there is an intense amount of work to be done to deliver this over the next three months.
I look forward to working constructively with her, as Sir Robert Francis does, to ensure that we get this to the right place as quickly as possible.
I call the Chair of the Public Administration and Constitutional Affairs Committee.
We have heard descriptions of institutional defensiveness today, but we should be clear about what we are talking about: this was a grubby secret kept by the Department of Health.
The people who suffered as a consequence were treated as an inconvenience to be managed.
It flies in the face of what we are required to do in this House: hold Ministers accountable for what happens in their Departments.
We need to learn from this, to improve how we behave and to hold the Executive to account in future.
If we do not, this incident will shame us all—not  just those directly responsible.
We need to properly establish a duty of candour for civil servants in the advice they give to Ministers, and a requirement that Ministers must satisfy themselves that they are giving appropriate challenge and consideration to the advice they receive, so that everyone involved in delivering services in future can be held directly responsible, and this place does not continue to be a charade.
I thank the hon.
Lady for her comments, and I agree with her instinctive reaction to what Sir Brian said about the duty of candour.
It will be for the Government more widely to determine how we respond to that in a formal and coherent way.
When my right hon.