With the final question, I call Sir John Hayes.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
Now that the Government have recognised the importance of versatile and productive agricultural land in respect of solar, will they recognise too the threat of a monstrous string of pylons stretching right down the east coast of England?
We either care about our green and pleasant land or we do not—for, as Keats understood, truth is beauty and beauty, truth.
My right hon.
Friend will know that we value taking communities with us and working with them.
I am having a number of meetings on this very subject to look at new technologies to see what additional options there could be to support local communities as we rapidly upgrade our national grid network.
Before I call the Minister, I should say that he will take longer than is usual for a statement, and I totally agree with the extra time.
I am just letting the other Front Benchers know that there will be some extra time.
With permission, Mr Speaker, I would like to make a statement following the final report of the infected blood inquiry.
Yesterday, the Prime Minister spoke about the anguish that the infected blood scandal brought to those impacted by it.
I want to reiterate his words and apologise again today.
I am sorry.
The Prime Minister also spoke, on behalf of the whole House, of our gratitude to Sir Brian Langstaff and his team for completing his comprehensive report—seven volumes and 2,500 pages—and of our appreciation of all those who came forward as part of the inquiry.
It was the greatest privilege of my ministerial career to meet over 40 representatives of the infected blood community, in Cardiff, Edinburgh, Belfast, Birmingham and Leeds, as we finalised our response to compensation for this appalling tragedy.
The whole community’s bravery through immense suffering is what has enabled justice today.
I know that many of them will be watching from the Public Gallery.
I want to honour their fortitude through their unimaginable pain, as I lay out a more detailed response to Sir Brian’s second interim report on compensation.
We will provide the House with a further opportunity to debate the inquiry’s full report after the Whitsun recess.
The Government will also respond to each recommendation in full, as quickly as possible, within our comprehensive response to the report.
The Prime Minister confirmed yesterday that the Government will pay comprehensive compensation to those who have been infected and affected as a result of this scandal.
I will now set out to the House the scheme that the Government are proposing, and of course, more details of the scheme will be published online today.
We are establishing the Infected Blood Compensation Authority—an arm’s length body—to administer the scheme.
A shadow body has already been set up, and an interim chief executive officer has been appointed.
Today, I am delighted to announce the appointment of Sir Robert Francis at the interim chair of the organisation.
The experience and care that Sir Robert will bring to the role will ensure that the scheme is credible and trusted by the community.
His support in delivering the scheme will be invaluable.
Those who have been infected or affected as a result of this scandal will receive compensation.
To be crystal clear, if you have been directly or indirectly infected by NHS blood, blood products or tissue contaminated with HIV or hepatitis C, or have developed a chronic infection from blood contaminated with hepatitis B, you will be eligible to claim compensation under the scheme, and where an infected person has died but would have been eligible under those criteria, compensation will be paid to their estate.
This will include where a person was infected with hepatitis B and died during the acute period of infection.
But, Mr Speaker, Sir Brian could not have been clearer: it is not just the harm caused by the infections that requires compensation.