That is rather disappointing.
I have more than 100 constituents in the Greendykes area of Edinburgh who get their heating and hot water from a communal district heating scheme.
The Government have refused to offer them price protection, saying instead that this should be regulated by the business regulation scheme, but that ended on  31 March , leaving those people with no protection at all and facing increases of up to 500% in their energy bills.
My constituents want to know: why did the Government wait until the  business scheme finished before considering alternative protection for these domestic customers?
Why take a year to get them protected and what compensation are the Government going to offer in the meantime?
I hear the passion with which the hon.
Gentleman stands up for his constituents, and rightly so, given the circumstances that they find themselves in.
We are introducing regulations with Ofgem powers to investigate and intervene where prices for consumers appear to be unfair, and to ensure that all heat network consumers receive a high-quality service from their providers.
I am happy to meet him to discuss this in greater detail.
District heating networks are a good innovation and the Government have a good record of stimulating these projects around the country, but  the hon.
Member for Edinburgh East (Tommy Sheppard)  is right to say that the regulation in this area needs looking at.
Can I reassert what he has just said and ask the Minister to carefully come forward with protections to ensure that consumers on shared heating networks are not at a disadvantage compared with people who pay their bills directly?
I am pleased to give that assurance to my hon.
Friend.
As I have said, we are talking to Ofgem right now about introducing regulations to make this much fairer and simpler and to ensure that consumers on heat networks get the service that they deserve.
What discussions she has had with the Scottish Government on the Berwick Bank wind farm project.
The planning decision is devolved to the Scottish Government.
Officials will work together to resolve cross-border matters.
The UK Government are committed to effective co-operation with the Scottish Government on this and other issues, supporting our shared energy security and net zero objectives.
I thank the Minister for his answer and for the promise that officials will work together, but he will be aware that this is a 4.1 GW renewables project that could be the largest offshore wind farm in the world, delivering over £8 billion to the UK economy.
The only reason that it is not eligible for this year’s contract for difference auction is the Scottish Government’s failure to make a decision on consent for the project.
Has the Minister or anyone in his Department spoken to Scottish Ministers about the impact of this decision on investment in our economy, and to ensure that the consenting for offshore wind process is sped up so that we do not miss out on the tens of billions of investment and the thousands of jobs that a project such as this would deliver?
The UK Government work closely and collaboratively with the Scottish Government on a whole host of areas, especially energy security and net  zero.
However, this is a live planning issue, and whether it is in the jurisdiction of Westminster or Holyrood, we do not comment on live planning cases given their quasi-judicial status.
What steps she is taking to increase nuclear energy capacity.
The civil nuclear road map reconfirmed the Government’s ambition to deploy up to 24 GW of nuclear power by 2050.
The road map sets out plans to make investment decisions concerning 3 GW to 7 GW every five years between 2030 and 2044.
Clearly it is important to have a mixed economy in terms of energy production, and nuclear has to play its part.
What action is my hon.