Many of those who were infected by contaminated blood or blood products have since died—died without knowing that their suffering and loss would be fully recognised either in their lifetime or at all.
The lives of most of those who have died remain unrecognised.
I note Sir Brian’s recommendations on memorialisation across the UK, and the Government will address those recommendations in detail as part of our wider response to this report.
In conclusion, I know that the whole House will want to join me in thanking Sir Brian and the inquiry for the work that they have done, and pay tribute to all those who have been caught up in this terrible tragedy and who have battled for justice for so long.
Yesterday was  a day of great humility for everyone implicated in this   inquiry, and today I can only hope that, with the publication of the inquiry report and with our firm commitment to compensate those touched by this scandal, the infected blood community know that their cries for justice have been heard.
I commend this statement to the House.
rose—
Order.
Lots of Members want to get in, and all Members will get in.
I now come to the shadow Minister.
The infected blood scandal is one the gravest injustices in our history, and a profound moment of shame for the British state.
Yesterday, the Leader of the Opposition apologised on behalf of Labour Governments of the past, and the Prime Minister did the same on behalf of all Governments and the country.
I join them today in saying a deep and heartfelt sorry.
The scale of the horror that was uncovered by Sir Brian Langstaff’s report almost defies belief.
That is why I pay tribute to the victims of this scandal, who fought so hard for justice.
We thank the charities, and the remarkable campaigning work of my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston upon Hull North (Dame Diana Johnson) , as well as the Father of the House, and the journalist Caroline Wheeler, whose work and book, “Death in the Blood”, did so much to drive this issue forward.
I also recognise the significance of the decision made by the former Prime Minister,  the right hon.
Member for Maidenhead (Mrs May) , in establishing the public inquiry.
I thank Sir Brian Langstaff and all his staff for their forensic work.
I also thank the Minister for regularly briefing me, and for his work in government ahead of today.
One of the most powerful conclusions in this report is that an apology is meaningful only if it is accompanied by action, and it is that I turn to now.
I welcome the further interim payments that the Minister has announced, and I repeat our commitment to work on a cross-party basis, and help to deliver the compensation scheme and get the final money to victims as soon as possible.
I welcome the further details that the Minister has given, including the appointment of the interim chair.
Sir Robert Francis is saying already that he is seeking the views of the infected blood community, and that is welcome, but does the Minister agree that continuing to hear that voice of victims is crucial?
I also welcome payments being made under the five heads of loss to the infected and the affected.
Will the Minister confirm that estimates of the total cost have now been made, and that there will be no undue delay in those final payments reaching victims?
Time is of the essence: one victim dies every four days.
Will the Minister set out more detail about how the personal representatives of estates will be handled as part of the scheme?
Will he also confirm that plans are in place to trace additional people who might be eligible for compensation?