As on football, we agree on the principles.
The Government are proud to have taken energy-efficient homes from 14% to 50%.
Local initiatives can play a key part in that and I would be interested to learn more about the project he highlighted.
Decarbonisation is welcome, but it must be achieved in a way that balances the country’s other priorities, such as food security.
I welcome last week’s statement from the Secretary of State about the importance of protecting our best and most versatile farmland, but can the Minister tell me more about how he will ensure that we prioritise solar power on rooftops instead?
The Government are proud to have delivered an additional 43 GW of renewable energy since 2010 alone.
We have also introduced planning changes to make it easier to install solar panels on rooftops, including those of industrial buildings, and we can thank consumers for leading the way: an average of 17,000 households a month added solar panels to their roofs last year.
What steps she is taking to help reduce energy bills.
What steps her Department is taking to support people with the cost of energy bills.
What steps she is taking to help reduce energy prices for consumers.
What steps she is taking to help reduce energy bills.
The price cap has fallen by 60% since the start of last year, and the Government are taking a comprehensive approach to bring down future energy bills for consumers.
That includes reforming electricity markets to make them more effective, investing across the energy system to make it smarter, and investing in energy efficiency to reduce costs for households.
I thank the Minister for her answer, but I want her to understand that for constituents such as mine in Romford energy prices are becoming completely unaffordable, and the Government need to do more.
My constituents are also very concerned about the cost of net zero, and we need to know what that will cost them in years to come.
Surely the Government need to take the British people with them on these policies, but at present there is a great deal of scepticism.
That is certainly one of the Department’s aims.
We are very conscious that we must get that energy security while also helping all the vulnerable households—and non-domestic businesses—that need our support.
A significant number of households in my constituency who are experiencing the continued impact of Russia’s illegal invasion of Ukraine and unrest in the middle east have received help in the form of the Government’s cost of living support payments.
Those payments are welcome, but does the Minister agree that this important support should continue, along with more information about the help that is available and how to gain access to it?
My hon.
Friend is a great champion for his constituents, and of course I agree with him about the importance of ensuring that householders know where to obtain information about what they may be able to receive, especially as we are providing them with £108 billion between 2022 and 2025.
I recommend that they visit the Help for Households web page on gov.uk to find out what support they may be entitled to.
Many rural properties on the Welsh borders—including those in Clwyd South and in neighbouring north Shropshire—are not connected to mains gas and therefore use oil or liquefied petroleum gas for heating, and many of the residents are unaware of the support that is available to help with their energy bills.
Can the Minister tell the House what support the Government are providing for those residents?
My hon.
Friend has raised an important issue.
We are, of course, helping all those households.