Yesterday was an emotional day for many of us.
I am privileged to be at Central Hall with my constituents Cathy Young and her two fantastic daughters, Lisa and Nicola.
I join the Minister in paying great tribute to the infected blood community.
That community gave Sir Brian Langstaff a standing ovation yesterday—a sight that will never leave me.
May I echo the Public Gallery’s reaction to the appointment of Sir Robert Francis?
It is an excellent appointment.
Will the Minister confirm that Sir Robert Francis will be able to meet the all-party parliamentary group on haemophilia and contaminated blood as well as others in the House?
With regard to the composition of the board of the compensation authority, will the Minister guarantee—I have already raised this with him—that it will include representatives of the infected and affected, and that they will have what we believe is their rightful representation on the board?
I welcome his comments in relation to hepatitis B. That has always been one of the issues of contention, and some people with hepatitis B have been missing out on the existing schemes.
Will he look to find a way so that those with hepatitis B can access the existing schemes?
I know that the Scottish Infected Blood Forum has asked him that question.
On interim payments, the Minister mentioned the living.
Will he clarify whether interim payments will be made to the estates of those who have sadly passed away?
Some people will raise eyebrows about the fact that the interim compensation is less than that for those in the Post Office scheme.
Will he give some explanation as to how the £210,000 figure came about?
I echo the comments of the shadow Minister on looking at criminal charges and a Hillsborough law, and I very much welcome his comments on memorial.
Does the Minister agree that there are two other lessons: first, Members of this House, regardless of political persuasion, can get together to deliver justice; and secondly, for the general public the key lesson, as shown by those in the infected blood community, is never, ever to give up fighting injustice?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his engagement and for the points he has made today.
I was there yesterday for the two hours of Sir Brian Langstaff’s presentation of his report, which was a moving moment for all of those who have suffered and waited for so long.
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for his endorsement of the appointment of Sir Robert Francis, which seemed to be welcomed in the Gallery.
I recognise that what is absolutely critical for the scheme to be successful is full engagement with the communities and that the explanation of how the scheme has been constructed and any concerns about the wider support that is needed are interrogated fully before the regulations come back to the House.
Throughout, the scheme has been about reconciling speed and efficiency with consultation, which is why it has been done in such a way over the past few months.
The hon.
Gentleman made a point about hepatitis B and access to schemes.
I will be happy to correspond with him separately on that—obviously, there are lots of technical issues.
He asked about the £210,000, which he can see is an irregular amount.
That is because I was trying to get the maximum amount that could be universally paid, as quickly as I could, to those who are infected  and alive without any risk of paying the wrong amount, and that is the amount that I was advised.
What is really important is that we get to the examination of entitlements and what that balancing payment is, and get that payment out as quickly as possible.