He asked about the £210,000, which he can see is an irregular amount.
That is because I was trying to get the maximum amount that could be universally paid, as quickly as I could, to those who are infected  and alive without any risk of paying the wrong amount, and that is the amount that I was advised.
What is really important is that we get to the examination of entitlements and what that balancing payment is, and get that payment out as quickly as possible.
This is not a stalling tactic; it is about trying to reconcile the competing priorities of responsible stewardship of taxpayers’ money and getting payments made as quickly as possible for the most vulnerable in our community.
With regard to memorialisation, on these matters there will need to be wide engagement and I do not want to make binding commitments today.
I have said what I have said, and I or another Minister will return to that in due course.
I call the Chair of the Health and Social Care Committee.
I thank the Minister for what he said and how he said it.
I know that he, the Prime Minister and, in particular, the Chancellor, who is sitting next to him, will make this right.
Clearly, the majority of Sir Brian’s recommendations are for the health and social care sector, and the Health and Social Care Committee, which I chair, will play its part, working with the Health Secretary—I see her in her place—and NHS England to ensure that all the recommendations are implemented, unlike with some previous accepted patient safety recommendations.
May I ask the Minister about the five loss categories?
They make every sense, and I note his two small refinements, but will the financial loss award reflect the reality that many infected blood victims, to give just one example, cannot access life insurance?
I thank the Chair of the Select Committee for his comments.
I also thank the Chancellor for his unwavering commitment to resolving this in a timely way, both when I was Chief Secretary and now in this role.
With respect to the five loss categories, my hon.
Friend makes a legitimate point about a specific additional burden that is a consequence of these conditions.
That matter will no doubt be raised by some in the communities.
The structure of the scheme is based around: injuries, social impact, autonomy, care and financial loss.
Clearly, social impact and autonomy capture a range of unspecific things—a basket of goods, if you like—that people will not have been able to procure at the same cost.
I cannot give him a specific answer on that, but Jonathan Montgomery and his team of experts have done everything they can to look at the law, consider what the entitlement would be in different circumstances and give their best assessment, and those sorts of conversations will happen with the communities in the coming weeks.
I welcome the Minister’s statement today.
Reflecting on the fact that he has talked about those infected and affected being fully engaged, I gently remind him of the maxim “No decision about us without us”, and of the lack of transparency so far in the expert panel.
It is only today that we will learn the names of the people who have been advising the Government.
May I also welcome the appointment of Sir Robert Francis as interim chair of the infected blood body?
It is worth reflecting on what Sir Brian put in his report  yesterday about the Government’s failure to respond to Sir Robert Francis’s compensation framework document, which the Leader of the House commissioned when she was Paymaster General, and which the Government promised several times to respond to.
That was never published.
Because we have also not had a proper written response to the second interim report from Sir Brian last April, will the Minister set out whether all 18 recommendations are being accepted by the Government?