Lady for her comments, and I agree with her instinctive reaction to what Sir Brian said about the duty of candour.
It will be for the Government more widely to determine how we respond to that in a formal and coherent way.
When my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor was in a previous role, he moved quite a lot of things forward in the Department of Health, as the hon.
Lady knows.
When someone spends that amount of time, with that depth of evaluation, and gives a number of insights and recommendations, it is important that the Government look at them very carefully.
Sir Brian makes wise observations about how we do government in this country, which we must listen to, heed and apply.
I, too, welcome today’s statement, which has been a long time coming.
This is a poignant day for many of my constituents, their families and friends.
Reassurance has been called for by organisations such as Haemophilia Scotland that the recommendations will be adhered to, as perhaps they have not been in the past.
Does the Minister agree that having the involvement of various groups of infected and affected people will help ensure that happens?
I agree.
When I went to Edinburgh I was keen to meet a representative group of Scottish infected blood campaign organisations.
I had a very candid conversation with them, in which I set out where we were as a Government and what we were planning to do on this day at a high level.
Those conversations need to continue.
As I said, the immediate priority is under Sir Robert Francis’s guidance.
That engagement will continue throughout June, so that the regulations are informed by the wisdom, experience and views of those we are seeking to support.
Let me start by commending my constituency neighbour,  the right hon.
Member for Kingston upon Hull North (Dame Diana Johnson) , for her courage, determination and persistence in relentlessly pursuing this matter over the years.
I wholeheartedly support her call for the rapid payment of compensation before any more sufferers die, and I know the Minister has that in mind.
The Prime Minister said that a travesty like this should never be allowed to happen again.
Like the PACAC Chair, I think that rests on the duty of candour that Sir Brain Langstaff recommended.
That means a legally enforceable duty of candour for the entire public service, not just some promise.
As it turns out, the Minister has in front of him the opportunity to do that.
On Report today in the Lords is the Victims and Prisoners Bill, which includes a clause that imposes a duty of candour in a very limited way.
Can my right hon.
Friend look at that clause and expand it to cover the whole public sector under all circumstances?
I defer to my right hon.
Friend’s considerable experience and wisdom on many matters.
I recognise his points, but to move on this matter in that way in this short timeframe would not be the right step.
However, it would be right for us to urgently engage with him, the Public Administration and Constitutional Affairs Committee and others to ensure that the Government come up with the right complete response, to deal with a sensible point that Sir Brian made.
I pay tribute to my constituents whose lives were changed for ever and the many campaigners affected by this scandal, who have fought for so many years for truth and justice.
From Hillsborough to the Post Office, the infected blood scandal and many more, we have watched the state and institutions cover up wrongdoing and blame the innocent, with no accountability.
How long do we have to wait for those in this place to finally act and rebalance the scales of justice, and to deliver a full Hillsborough law?