It is 36 years since I was with the first of my friends who I knew had been infected, and 33 years since that person died.
Friendships got fractured, and families were changed forever.
One point that I hope my right hon.
Friend the Minister will put to his fellow Ministers in the Department of Health and Social Care regards whether those who are still infected in some way can have a kind of national health service passport, so that when they go to get medical attention they are not asked the same questions that my constituents were asked every time: “How much have you been drinking?
Why is your liver the way it is?”
and all the rest.
It is important that young clinicians understand that when they see haemophilia or a whole blood infection, they can take for granted a lot of things that do not need to be asked.
That humanity needs to be spread.
I recognise that my right hon.
Friend has built on the work of our right hon.
Friend  the Member for Horsham (Sir Jeremy Quin) , and perhaps I may say in a cross-party way that Sue Gray deserves respect for when she led civil servants in that, as do her successors in the civil service who are putting things right.
My final point is this: people are not being awarded lottery sums, although in some way they make up for some of the losses and recognise some of the hurt.
For some families who may not have been used to having much money around—indeed, most of them are used to having very little money because of the consequences of infection—there may need to be mediation services in case they do not agree.
It would be a good idea if Sir Robert, or others, could consider whether such services could be made available, in the same way that other people who have suddenly come into some degree of money can get some kind of help.
Families sometimes do not find it easy to decide how money should be shared.
I thank my hon.
Friend for his comments, and I pay tribute to him for the work that he has done and for his constructive engagement with me over the past six months, and over many previous years.
He made the point about his friend and the stigma that some of the victims have had to endure, which is why injury and social impact are reflected in the heads of loss under the scheme.
He also made some observations about how better awareness of some conditions can be taken forward.
I will discuss that with ministerial colleagues—several from the Department of Health and Social Care are in their places today.
My hon.
Friend mentioned my immediate predecessor, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Horsham (Sir Jeremy Quin) , but I am aware that a large number of Paymasters General—including my right hon.
Friend the Leader of the House, who is sitting alongside me today—have done an enormous amount of work to get us to this point, along with many officials, including James Quinault, who has led the work latterly.
I want to acknowledge their contribution; this is not about me.
More broadly, my hon.
Friend made some wise observations about the need to ensure that, for the communities who will be given significant sums of money—rightly so, and in line with what they would be entitled to if they went through a legal process—the appropriate framework of support is in place to assist them to receive that money in a way that is not destructive to their lives.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
Yesterday was an emotional day for many of us.
I am privileged to be at Central Hall with my constituents Cathy Young and her two fantastic daughters, Lisa and Nicola.
I join the Minister in paying great tribute to the infected blood community.