Buried in the court documents is the confidential memo that reveals the real reason they lost the case—officials were telling Ministers that they had low or very low confidence that half their carbon reductions would be achieved.
That is why they were found unlawful.
The right hon.
Lady comes to the House each month with  her complacent nonsense, but the court judgment exposes the truth: the Government are way off track, abysmally failing to meet the climate emergency and pushing up bills for families as a result.
I have learned in this role that the right hon.
Gentleman likes to call people who disagree with him names.
Last week, representatives from the Tony Blair Institute said that his plans would raise bills and harm our energy security.
Are they flat earthers?
An industry report said last week said that his plans would see up to 100,000 people lose their jobs.
Are those people who are worried climate deniers?
When will the right hon.
Gentleman admit that his plans are based on fantasy and ideology and are the last thing that this country needs?
Whether she has made an assessment of the potential merits of public ownership of the energy system.
No.
Every family in Britain is paying the price for the Government’s failure on energy, with bills through the roof while oil and gas profits have soared.
A publicly owned clean energy company would allow us to take back control of our energy, cutting bills and creating jobs across the UK.
Why are the Government letting their ideological stubbornness get in the way of supporting families, when they could follow other, successful countries and set up a publicly owned clean energy company like Great British Energy?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her question, but I do not think that consumers will.
The TUC itself has highlighted the potential £61 billion to £82 billion cost that will be landed either at the taxpayer’s doorstep or directly on to consumers’ bills, which is nothing to be thankful for.
In 1985, just before privatisation, 4.2% of total consumer spending was on energy bills.
Between 2000 and 2020, that dropped to between 2% and 3%.
Even last year during the war in Ukraine, it only hit 3.6%.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that, as he has already said, the suggestion from  the hon.
Member for Blaydon (Liz Twist)  would wallop consumers?
We have to work with businesses to secure investment.
We have secured £300 billion for low-carbon technologies since 2010, as we boost UK energy production, our energy security and, ultimately, deliver cheaper bills for consumers.
I call the shadow Minister.
When it comes to who controls and benefits from our energy system, why does the Government refuse to put the British people first?
As we have heard, foreign-owned firms, whether France’s EDF or Denmark’s Ørsted, reap the rewards of energy produced in Britain.
As they benefit  British people pay the price, exposed to sky-high energy bills and beholden to volatile international prices.
Why is the Minister so opposed to putting power back into the hands of the British people?
There is not a single country around the world that thinks Governments alone can deliver increased energy security.
By working with businesses, we can unlock the private investment to do it.
And talk about irrational: imagine a career politician, the shadow Secretary of State, running UK energy.
Consumer bills would rocket.
The Minister is completely missing the point, so I will use a real-world example.
In Bristol, we have set up the 20-year Bristol City Leap project with Ameresco and Vattenfall, a partnership between the public and private sector that will help the city to cut carbon dioxide, bring down bills and deliver green jobs.
Actually, the Government are piloting a similar project in York, because it has been such a success in Bristol.