Lin and the Smiths want “sorry” to turn into something today, for those who die every week.
On their behalf, I say to the Minister: make sure we have a proper timeline and that we stick to it; implement the recommendations as fast as possible; put the victims at the heart of decision making; and no more delays.
This group of people have waited far too long and have been through far too much already.
Finally, the Smiths want their son to have his name back, although they have always made sure that we  have never forgotten it.
So can I say it today?
Colin  John Smith.
The hon.
Lady makes a moving tribute to her constituents.
I can assure her that the Government have heard the pleas that have been made.
We have set out today a clear timetable on the journey to the regulations.
I will, with Mr Speaker’s permission, update the House in early autumn on where we have got to and the timeline for further detail, subject to the advice of the interim CEO and the interim chair.
She makes a point about stigma, which is a massive part of this for so many people I met and for her constituents, including the Smith family.
We recognise that as part of the scheme, but the memorialisation process must also recognise in particular those who were so badly stigmatised in the ’80s and ’90s.
The Minister talks about stigma.
When I met some of the affected community in Peterborough, I heard about the discrimination they faced and about their lack of trust in public institutions.
This all leaves a very long legacy.
With that in mind, how confident is he that, despite that long legacy, the scheme will capture and benefit everyone affected or infected?
How confident is he that everyone who should be compensated will come forward?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
I am confident that the scheme will work, and that it will work as quickly as it possibly can.
I mentioned today the interim payments of £210,000 to the infected who are alive.
The speed with which we process the applications of those affected and infected is very much on my mind as we set up the shadow arm’s length body.
I will continue to work with my officials to do everything we can to move the timeline from the right to the left, conscious of how long people have waited.