What will the Secretary of State be doing to move things a bit quicker and give the market signals as to which energy path the UK will be taking?
I remind the hon.
Gentleman that we have one of the most remarkable records when it comes to renewable energies.
The only country that has built more offshore wind than us is China, we have set out the largest expansion for nuclear, and we are at the forefront of cutting-edge technologies such as fusion, hydrogen and carbon capture.
Meeting our net zero targets, which will be extremely difficult and eye-wateringly expensive, has been enforced on my constituents.
Does the Secretary of State agree that we must be more honest and open about the enormous costs of net zero on the British taxpayer?
Will the Government commit to publishing a detailed analysis of those costs in advance of my Westminster Hall debate?
There is a balance to be struck, which I believe we are striking, in ensuring that we can make the most of the jobs and opportunities of the energy transition, which will support up to 480,000 green jobs in 2030.
But, yes, when it comes to additional costs, we are taking a measured approach because we want to protect households.
In the Climate Change Committee’s latest progress report, it was made clear:
“There continues to be an overly narrow approach to solutions, which crucially does not embrace the need to reduce demand for high-carbon activities.”
So when the Secretary of State goes back to the drawing board to revise the Government’s carbon budget delivery plan, as she now must, will she finally reduce the reliance on unproven technofixes and look instead at demand reduction measures—or, following the recent embarrassing judgment from the High Court, is she aiming for a hat-trick, with her Department’s climate plan declared unlawful for a third time?
I would find the hon.
Lady’s questions more credible if she would at least once welcome the fact that we are the first country in the G20 to have halved emissions.
On our progress, I am proud that one of the reasons that we have come so far is technological fixes, because of the remarkable progress that this country has made in renewable energy.
That is why we overshot on our first, second and third carbon budgets, and we are on track to overshoot on our fourth.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Two weeks ago the Government were found, for a second time, to be in breach of the law over their climate targets.
That failure will mean that families across the country will pay higher energy bills.
The Court found:
“The Secretary of State’s conclusion that the proposals and policies will enable the carbon budgets to be met was irrational”.
Last time, the Government claimed that their breach of the law was just on a technicality.
What is the right hon.
Lady’s “dog ate my homework” excuse this time?
Let us be clear: the Court did not question the policies that we have set out, which we have done in more detail than any of our peers.
It did not question the progress that we have already made, as the first G20 country in the world to halve emissions, and it did not question the ambition of our future targets, which are among the most ambitious of our peers.
If the right hon.
Gentleman wants to look at what would smother the transition and private investment in this country, he need only look at his own mad, unachievable 2030 target.
With a defence like that, I can see why the Government lost in court not just once but twice.
Buried in the court documents is the confidential memo that reveals the real reason they lost the case—officials were telling Ministers that they had low or very low confidence that half their carbon reductions would be achieved.
That is why they were found unlawful.
The right hon.