I can arrange that for her, so that she can see climate leadership in action.
I reiterate that energy efficiency is incredibly important to us on the Government Benches and to the Government.
I would be happy to come on a visit to Edinburgh.
Indeed, I have already visited there.
Slightly more enthusiasm might have been welcomed by people living in England in cold and draughty houses.
Nevertheless, it is not simply our extensive ambition that leaves the UK behind Scotland, but our delivery, too.
Since 2007—[Interruption.]
Those on the Government Benches might want to listen to this.
Since 2007, per person, the SNP has built 40% more homes than Tory England and 70% more homes than Labour Wales and ensured 65% of the Scottish social rented sector has an energy performance certificate rating of C or above.
Insulation levels in Scotland are way higher than in England.
It is clear that the UK Government have materially failed to abate the demand side of the energy system to any meaningful extent.
What will the Minister do, in the few weeks they have left in office, to atone for this glaring betrayal of bill payers?
Unlike the hon.
Gentleman, we have not abandoned our targets, and there has been good progress and improved household energy efficiency.
Around half of our homes—48% in England—have now reached the Government’s 2035 target of achieving an EPC rating of C, up from 14% in 2010.
What steps her Department is taking to tackle climate change.
Britain is the first major economy to halve emissions, while growing the economy by 80%.
We have more ambitious targets for 2030 than the EU, with the UK aiming for a 68% reduction in emissions, compared with its 55%.
We have over-achieved on all carbon budgets to date and remain on track for the next.
At COP28, the UK, alongside nearly 200 countries, agreed to the transition away from fossil fuels.
Since then, the Government have recklessly granted new oil and gas licences and pushed legislation through this House to max out North sea fossil fuels.
Will the Minister meet the 50 cross-party parliamentarians who last week signed a letter urging the Government to show climate leadership and join the Beyond Oil and Gas Allowance, which aims to phase out oil and gas production ahead of COP29?
I thank the hon.
Member for raising that important issue.
That is why we are proud that we have already taken 70% out of the oil and gas sector.
Hydrotreated vegetable oil is a good alternative to ripping out heating systems that already exist in rural homes.
We have heard today about the cost to rural homes as we try to address the impact of using less fossil fuels.
Will the Government get behind the opportunity for HVO in rural communities to give householders a chance to contribute to reducing harmful emissions in their homes?
My hon.
Friend has always championed his local constituents to ensure that they get value for money.
We must explore all potential options, local or national, to find the best way to deliver energy security and lower bills in future.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of financial support for district heating network consumers.
The evaluation of our energy support schemes will conclude in summer 2025.
To ensure their bills were fair, supported heat network customers received an average of £1,200 via the energy discount scheme, which closed last month.
That is rather disappointing.
I have more than 100 constituents in the Greendykes area of Edinburgh who get their heating and hot water from a communal district heating scheme.
The Government have refused to offer them price protection, saying instead that this should be regulated by the business regulation scheme, but that ended on  31 March , leaving those people with no protection at all and facing increases of up to 500% in their energy bills.