To what extend are we prepared to say that net zero trumps slave labour, and are we checking on slave labour products in the arrays?
I can assure my right hon.
Friend that we are indeed ensuring that the extent to which slave labour is used is kept very much at a minimum, if at all, in the supply chain of any of the components coming to advance us towards net zero.
The solar road map, as referred to earlier, will set out in greater detail how the Government will work with industry to ensure that there are no slave labour components to any of the parts we are importing to develop our renewable technology.
My constituent from Govanhill is being passed backwards and forwards between Utilita Energy and the Department for Work and Pensions.
He receives income-related employment and support allowance and should be entitled to the warm home discount, but neither Utilita nor the DWP is able to give him the money he is entitled to.
He applied in September last year.
Will the Minister intervene and make sure he gets the money he is due?
I encourage the hon.
Lady to write to me on this particular issue and I will look into it.
I put on record my heartfelt thanks to the Secretary of State and the Minister for Nuclear and Renewables for the action they took last week to put food security, alongside renewable energy, at the heart of local planning decisions.
What are the Government doing to ensure that all councils immediately enact that policy, because it is both for local councils and for Government?
Will existing soil assessments stand for nationally significant infrastructure projects, or will they be redone?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question and her kind words.
I am pleased to confirm to the House that my hon.
Friend the Minister for Housing, Planning and Building Safety has written to all local authorities to draw their attention to the statement last week, which underlined our robust policy on solar farms on our best and most versatile agricultural land.
Local planners should know this Government are serious about solar being put in the right places, and not on the best and most versatile agricultural land.
I call the Chair of the Energy Security and Net Zero Committee.
Tapadh leat, Mr Speaker.
Zonal pricing has the potential to lower bills for households from Sussex to Shetland, from Stonehaven to the great town of Stornoway.
Of course some vested interests will be concerned, such as energy generating companies that are benefiting from the constraint payments raised from customer bills.
What are the Government doing to stimulate debate and knowledge about zonal pricing?
It was a pleasure on my return as a Minister to attend the hon.
Gentleman’s Select Committee, which he chairs so well.
This is part of stage 2 of our wider consultation under our review of electricity market arrangements, and we take on board his and his Committee’s constructive suggestions in that meeting.
A key tool in our arsenal against climate change must be sequestering carbon.
It was a pleasure last week to see the Morecambe bay net zero peak cluster vision launched, which could decarbonise 40% of our cement and lime industries, securing a gigatonne of carbon under Morecambe bay.
Can I encourage my hon.
Friend the Minister to meet me to discuss the project further?
I would be delighted to meet my hon.
Friend at any time, and I am happy to discuss this and any other matter relating to the subject.
With the final question, I call Sir John Hayes.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
Now that the Government have recognised the importance of versatile and productive agricultural land in respect of solar, will they recognise too the threat of a monstrous string of pylons stretching right down the east coast of England?