That is a far cry from the last Parliament, which was the worst on record for living standards.
I am surprised that the right hon.
Lady did not reference the fact that the OBR also said that there would be 50,000 fewer jobs as a result of the NICs increase; indeed, Bloomberg put that figure at 130,000 jobs.
It does not need to be that way.
On  26 March , the right hon.
Lady should come to this House with a spring statement containing a clear plan around welfare savings, which we had when we were in Government.
Will she now confirm that she is prepared to do that with our support and put an end to the pernicious tax increase?
The right hon.
Gentleman and his party had 14 years to reform the welfare system.
They failed to do so, but this Government will.
We are turning the British economy round after the disaster left to us by the previous Government: three cuts in interest rates since the general election, real wages rising at their fastest rate for three years, fuel duty frozen, the payslips of working people protected, and millions getting a pay rise through an increase in the national living wage.
That is the change that this Government are delivering; that is the change that the Opposition are blocking.
Order.
I call Jacob Collier.
During his recent visit to Burton, His Majesty the King sampled one of Tower Brewery’s excellent beers, putting our rich brewing heritage in the spotlight.
Even though His Majesty and I like a tipple, low and no-alcohol sales are up 610% since 2013.
With a clear opportunity to support that growing sector while promoting public health, will the Chancellor consider raising the alcohol- free threshold to 0.5% alcohol by volume, in line with international markets, to improve consumer choice—
Order.
Answer, please.
My hon.
Friend is a fantastic campaigner for the breweries in his constituency.
We want the drinks sector to go from strength to strength.
We are reviewing the responses to the consultation on the threshold that my hon.
Friend mentioned.
Oxfordshire has no night-time cover for palliative care, which means that patients must dial 111 and wait hours for urgent pain relief to arrive.
Will the Minister commit to increasing funding to the Department of Health and Social Care so integrated care boards, including the Buckinghamshire, Oxfordshire and Berkshire West ICB, can deliver palliative care round the clock?
This Government, as the hon.
Member will know, has already given £26 billion of additional funding to the national health service and additional funding to the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government for social care.
We know that we have more to do.
The Government are working hard on that and will set out further details in due course.
Meur ras, Mr Speaker.
Under this Labour Government, Cornish tin mining is back.
Following the recent National Wealth Fund investment in South Crofty tin mine at the centre of my Camborne, Redruth and Hayle constituency, does the Chancellor agree that, in doubling the National Wealth Fund investment, that is a perfect example of how public funding should be used to unlock private investment in a strategically vital industry?
Unlike the Conservatives, we believe that investing alongside private industry is good for jobs and good for economic growth.
I visited the National Wealth Fund’s offices last month where I heard at first hand about its equity investment in Cornish Metals.
This will help to finance the reopening of Cornwall’s South Crofty tin mine, creating more than 300 local jobs, and—
Order.
Look, enough is enough.
I have to get Members in from both sides.
I am sorry that the Front Bench does not want to get these Members in, but I am determined to.
These are called topical questions, which means I want quick questions and certainly short answers.
I call the Father of the House, Sir Edward Leigh.