Harlow is home to one of the UK’s largest supercomputers.
We are taking forward the AI action plan and we also have the tech adoption review, which will look at how we can unlock the potential of AI in our high-growth sectors.
Attracting high net worth individuals to spend more time in the United Kingdom drives jobs, growth and, crucially, tax revenues, but unfortunately the opposite is happening in the UK right now.
Will the Chancellor use the spring statement to look at the statutory residence test and, in particular, the ties rules to see whether we can incentivise people to spend more time in the UK, not the other way around?
As part of the reforms announced at the autumn Budget, we are modernising the system for people from overseas spending time in the UK with a new residence-based test.
We are always looking at ways to encourage people from overseas to spend time in and invest in the UK and to help grow our economy.
I congratulate the Government on announcing the greatest level of financial sanctions last week.
Does the Chancellor agree that keeping dirty money out of the City of London and homes and communities across our country is vital for our national security, as well as our economic stability?
It is absolutely right that we increased and stepped up the sanctions last week.
Also, under the loan agreement we made with Ukraine last week, the loan will be repaid with the profits on foreign sovereign Russian assets.
Russia should pay for the damage it has done.
My constituent is one of hundreds of people who suffered from the collapse of Collateral.
While the Financial Conduct Authority has apologised to investors for failing to act faster to stop Collateral’s fraudulent activities, I am concerned that, without internal changes, the FCA will make similar mistakes again.
Should there not be an investigation into the FCA’s handling of the case?
I am happy to meet the hon.
Lady and look at the case she mentions, because I need to get more detail.
The Transport Committee has looked at the economic growth case for the Heathrow expansion and has heard conflicting evidence on the project’s growth impact on regions away from London and the south-east, and also on other carbon-using sectors.
Will the Chancellor ask Heathrow Airport to release the full text of the Frontier Economics report on which she made her decision to expand Heathrow?
Heathrow, as an important hub airport, will have benefits for regions across the country, as chambers of commerce have said to us.
Of course, I   understand that the Transport Committee is looking at the issue, and we will consider its report when it publishes it in due course.
St Raph’s hospice in my constituency faces a £140,000 increase in staff costs due to the Government’s national insurance hike.
That means the hospice will have to further cut staff services that take pressure off the NHS.
Will the Chancellor think again and provide an exemption for healthcare providers from the national insurance rise?
The Chancellor set out our Budget, and I set out during debates on the Finance Bill and related legislation exactly how we will implement the changes announced at the Budget.
In the case of employer national insurance contributions, there are defined ways in which public sector organisations are reimbursed.
The changes do not apply to hospices, as they are largely charities or are not directly part of the public sector.
I also point him to the £100 million of extra investment that we have announced in improving hospices.
Does the Minister agree that investment in the fifty500 midlands growth corridor will provide an excellent opportunity to deliver this Labour Government’s mission for growth and opportunity for all?
I join my hon.
Friend in celebrating investment in her region.
Our growth mission is one in which each part of the country will benefit, and we look forward to working further with her.