Friend  the Member for Twickenham (Munira Wilson)  about our business rates reform, which is a vital ask from the retail, hospitality and leisure sector.
After years of chopping and changing from the Conservative party—changing reliefs from one year to the next, and offering no stability whatever to people in that sector—we are introducing permanently lower rates for the retail, hospitality and leisure sector from April 2026, and avoiding the complete end of relief that the Conservative party left in the in-tray when we arrived in office.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to increase economic growth through new transport infrastructure.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to increase economic growth through new transport infrastructure.
The growth mission is the central mission of this Government, and transport is an important enabler of that growth.
The spending review delivered a £1.1 billion cash increase to the transport budget in 2025-26 compared with 2024-25, representing 1.5% real-terms growth with record spending.
Further announcements will be made in the spending review.
In my constituency, Stevenage borough council is working to secure jobs and opportunity, with town centre regeneration under way and over 590 council homes delivered, but outdated infrastructure is holding back growth.
Businesses have been clear with me that upgrading Stevenage station gateway would unlock growth, with the prospect of 15,000 jobs being delivered and a £1.5 billion benefit to the economy each year.
Will my right hon.
Friend meet me to discuss how we can make the most of this opportunity to unlock economic growth through more infrastructure investment?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that investing in infrastructure will enable growth in cities, towns and villages across the whole of our United Kingdom.
We will set out further detail alongside the spending review in our 10-year infrastructure strategy in June.
No doubt Stevenage, being sited between London and the Oxford-Cambridge corridor, will benefit enormously from announcements already made, but decisions on specific schemes will be taken by the Department for Transport following the spending review.
The midlands rail hub project would represent major investment in rail infrastructure across the west midlands.
Crucially, it would mean more frequent trains on the cross-city line, which serves Lichfield.
Before the pandemic, that was the busiest commuter line in the country outside London.
What assurances can Ministers give me and my constituents that more trains will be coming on this line, and coming soon?
I thank my hon.
Friend, who is a strong champion for his constituency, for raising this rail project.
In relation to such projects, the case that he has made will be an important part of our consideration in the months ahead as part of the spending review.
I will arrange for him to meet the appropriate Transport Minister as we make those considerations.
The great university cities of York and Hull are unusual in that they do not have a direct rail line between them.
The whole region—Labour MPs, Liberal Democrat councillors, Conservatives—is united in believing that reopening the Beverley to York line, so that the two great minsters of Hull and York can be reconnected, would bring economic growth and a brighter future for the area.
Will the Minister agree to meet me and colleagues to discuss this project and how it could help unlock the growth that we all seek across the House?
I am sorry to hear that the right hon.
Gentleman failed to persuade his party, when in government for 14 years, to open that line.
I can reassure him that this Government take rail infrastructure seriously, and I will happily consider any detail that he wishes to write to me about.
Economic growth through infrastructure development could be helped in Scotland and Northern Ireland with more money going to Cairnryan port and the road infrastructure to it.