Britain has excellent food security, and that is a priority for the Government.
It is right that the Government have put more money into defence.
However, in answer to a previous question, the Chief Secretary to the Treasury said that there is an impact assessment of the overseas development budget.
Does that mean that it is still in scope of the spending review and that there could be changes to that budget in June?
Just to clarify, I did not say there was an impact assessment; I said that the impact of the changes is being considered by the Government, but we will set out the detail on that in due course.
I commend the Government for their international leadership at this challenging time.
Events overnight make it even clearer that Europe must find considerably more resources for Ukraine.
The Chancellor has rightly continued our policy of using the interest on frozen Russian state assets to benefit Ukraine, but I believe that now is the moment to go further by actually seizing those assets.
Russia’s invasion of Ukraine violates the principle of sovereign equality, providing a basis in international law for such a policy, and by acting in concert with our allies, we can ensure that there are no risks to financial stability.
May I urge the Chancellor to push for co-ordinated action to seize those frozen Russian state assets and give that money to the Ukrainians so that they can defend and rebuild their country?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his words about this Government stepping up the funding for defence.
Last week, we expanded sanctions on Russia, including by looking at financial services.
This week, we have signed off a UK Export Finance package to provide more military support, above and beyond our defence spending and as well as the loan repaid using the profit on those assets.
As the Prime Minister said yesterday, we would look at going further but, as the right hon.
Gentleman knows, it is incredibly complicated to do that in line with international law.
However, we keep  all options on the table, because, as he is absolutely right to say, Russia should pay for the damage that Russia has caused.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs if he will make a statement on the situation in Gaza.
We urge all parties to fully implement the ceasefire to help deliver a permanent end to hostilities.
We are very concerned at reports that Israel is preventing humanitarian aid from entering Gaza.
Israel must not block aid coming into Gaza.
Humanitarian aid should never be contingent on a ceasefire or used as a political tool.
We urge the Government of Israel to lift restrictions immediately and unconditionally.
The humanitarian situation in Gaza is dire.
The halt on goods and supplies entering Gaza risks breaching Israel’s obligations under international humanitarian law.
The UK is doing all we can to provide support.
Alongside our existing support, on  28 January , the then Minister for Development, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Oxford East (Anneliese Dodds) , announced a further £17 million in funding to ensure that healthcare, food and shelter reaches tens of thousands of civilians, and to support vital infrastructure across the Occupied Palestinian Territories and neighbouring countries.
We must all work together with the United Nations and all partners to continue to facilitate aid and ensure it is sustained.
Fully reinstating commercial deliveries will be key, as will allowing more types of goods in, so that civilians who lost their homes can be protected and civilian infrastructure repaired.
We welcome the announcement of an agreement to end the fighting in Gaza, and we welcome the release of 38 hostages in Gaza so far, including British national Emily Damari and Eli Sharabi, who both have both close links to the UK.