My hon.
Friend knows that we are doing everything possible in this place to streamline and improve planning legislation and planning processes.
We are providing clear signals to everybody across the country that we need to build and build rapidly, not least to meet our housing target.
Local councils play an important role in this process, as they make decisions on local developments.
I understand that in Lancaster city council she has had some struggles with members of the Green party, who are becoming blockers as opposed to builders.
I say to them and to people across the country that they need to get behind the build agenda, because that is what the British people voted for.
To what extent is the Chancellor concerned about multiple potential breaches by His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs of its charter since it issued Spotlight 63, which impacts rental housing supply and is causing real concerns among my constituents—both landlords and tenants?
Will the Minister meet me urgently to discuss this matter?
I am afraid that I have no idea what the answer is, but if the right hon.
Gentleman writes to me, I shall make sure that he gets an answer.
What steps she is taking to help ensure value for money in public spending.
The Government are committed to spending taxpayers’ money efficiently.
At the autumn Budget, we launched the Office for Value for Money to realise benefits  from every pound of public spending.
Through phase 1  of the spending review, Departments were set a 2% productivity, efficiency and savings target to ensure that every pound of taxpayers’ money is well spent.
The next phase of the spending review has gone further.
I have asked each Department to conduct a line-by-line review of existing day-to-day budgets to identify where spending is no longer aligned with this Government’s priority or is poor value for money.
I thank the Minister for his answer.
As a member of the Public Accounts Committee, I see on a weekly basis the waste that existed under the previous Government, from the billions spent on badly procured covid contracts to a Rwanda scheme that delivered nothing.
What steps will the Minister be taking to make sure that we deal not only with value for money for the taxpayer, but the legacy of waste under the previous Government?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right. [
Interruption.]
Conservative Members are chuntering, but that is their legacy.
Not once in 17 years was a zero-based review done, not once did former Conservative Ministers require their Departments to go line-by-line through their budgets, and not once did they think that the responsible thing to do was to go through to check  how every pound of taxpayers’ money was spent.
Instead, there was an argument each year: how much more money am I going to get; how much more borrowing will there be to pay for these bills; and how many more promises am I going to make that I know I will not deliver.
The British people were sick to death of that approach to politics, and this Government are taking a fundamentally different approach.
The adoption and special guardianship support fund provides excellent value for money in Mid Sussex for Beacon House, which is a specialist mental health and trauma clinic.
Unfortunately, however, the clinic’s financial future is looking uncertain.
Does the Minister agree that investing in mental health is always a good idea when it comes to getting people back to work and well again and able to contribute to society?
Will the Minister work with the Department for Education to secure future funding for this vital service?
I agree entirely that mental health services are in desperate need of investment and support across the country.