Last week, I was in the west bank, alongside other members of the Foreign Affairs Committee, on our wider trip to the middle east.
While the world’s attention is rightly on the devastating humanitarian situation in Gaza, we met Palestinians in the Jordan valley whose schools were being attacked, whose mosques were being burned, and whose livestock were being stolen by extremist Israeli settlers.
This is happening with the apparent connivance of the Israeli security forces, and it appears to be part of a wider plan for annexation.
What steps are we taking to prevent further erosion of Palestinian land in the west bank that would put the two-state solution even further away?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question, and for his expertise on aid and foreign affairs.
He is quite right to emphasise the actions of some settlers.
There are many settler communities that just  get on with it, and that want a peaceful solution, but he is right to say that there is violence in the settlements, which are of course unlawful under international humanitarian law and harm the prospects of a two-state solution.
I thank my hon.
Friend for putting on record the impact on the faith community, particularly during the holy month of Ramadan, and the fact that mosques have been attacked.
We will ensure that that point gets through in our next discussion with our interlocutors, both on the Israeli side and on the Palestinian side.
No one is surprised that as soon as the world’s attention shifted from Gaza, Israel reimposed its siege, preventing the entry of all humanitarian aid.
The Minister knows the impact that this will have on the beleaguered civilian population, who are already suffering from disease, starvation and an absence of healthcare.
After 17 months in which Israel has been given carte blanche, none of us—least of all Netanyahu—expects there to be any meaningful consequences from Israel’s actions, but does the Minister consider what is happening in Gaza to be collective punishment?
If she does not, what would she call it?
Sometimes, the words we use are really important.
There has been an enormous amount of suffering.
We know that so many in Israel feel that we do not understand their need for security, and so many in Gaza feel that we do not understand the depth of their suffering.
We must redouble our efforts to communicate what we want, which is a two-state solution and a peaceful future for both communities, which must live side by side.
The leaders of the Arab world have made welcome proposals about the future of Gaza and its people.
What update can the Minister give on the UK’s support for those proposals, and will she join me in welcoming the fact that the proposals recognise that the terrorist death cult Hamas can have no part in the future governance of Gaza?
My hon.
Friend is quite right to say that, as a proscribed terror organisation, Hamas have certainly displayed some very frightening characteristics that we would expect of a terrorist organisation.
There was also the macabre pantomime that we saw in the past couple of weeks during the release of hostages—that was truly shocking.
I thank him for his question.
The exact detail on the next stage of the negotiation is to be defined by the two parties, but we play a real role both with the ally, which is Israel, but also working with Egypt, Qatar and the wider region.
That is why our Minister right now is in the region, making the point that we want to be involved, pushing for a peaceful solution and to see that day when terrorism is not extant and the two communities can live side by side  in peace.