As I said in a previous answer, I do not want it just to be the 8% of people who can afford financial advice who reap the rewards of investing in our economy.
We keep all taxes under review.
I call the shadow Minister.
The City of London has been a leader of innovation in the world of finance and savings for a few hundred years now, and it has been successful because it has always seized opportunities and innovation when presented.
In that spirit, we are pleased that the Chancellor in her Mansion House speech embraced the concept of securities tokenisation, but we now find that the catalyst for this innovation in the UK—a pilot for the digital gilt instrument known as DIGIT—has found itself in a two-year black hole.
Innovation is not something that can hang around for two years, so will the Minister give assurances that she will do everything she can to deliver DIGIT as soon as possible?
That sounds like a criticism of the previous Government.
I can reassure the hon.
Gentleman that we are committed to innovation and to DIGIT.
What steps she has taken to help increase economic growth in the east midlands.
What steps she has taken to help increase economic growth in the east of England.
Economic growth is the No.
1 mission of this Government.
Putting more money in people’s pockets and ensuring growth is felt in all regions of the UK is a core part of our mission.
The Government have a clear focus on investing in the infrastructure needed to support cities and regions to grow and thrive.
In January, the Government announced a partnership between East Midlands airport and Prologis to build a new advanced manufacturing and logistics park, unlocking up to £1 billion of private investment and 2,000 jobs at the airport site.
The town of Staveley in my constituency of North East Derbyshire hosts one of the three sites for the east midlands investment zone, which is a fantastic opportunity for us.
The Chesterfield-Staveley regeneration route is, however, vital to making the most of the site and it has been long campaigned for by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Chesterfield (Mr Perkins) .
It is a huge priority for my constituents.
Will the Treasury work with us and our excellent Mayor of the East Midlands, Claire Ward, to bring this hugely beneficial project to fruition?
I thank my hon.
Friend for the work that she does alongside my hon.
Friend the Member for Chesterfield in campaigning for developments that will boost growth in both North East Derbyshire and Chesterfield.
The Department for Transport is considering the scheme for the Chesterfield Staveley regeneration route, and I will suggest to the Roads Minister that he meet the relevant Members as well as the Mayor of the East Midlands, Claire Ward.
The Government’s decision to increase defence spending is not only an ironclad commitment to national security in the face of generational challenges but an investment in British industry, able to unlock new jobs and opportunities across the country.
Industry in the east of England has a significant defence sector, which received £1.5 billion of Government investment last year.
Can the Chancellor explain how the additional defence funding has the potential to benefit my constituents in Thurrock as well as those in the wider region?
As my hon.
Friend says, defence has an important role to play in the growth mission as well as keeping our country safe and secure, and on Friday the Defence Secretary and I hosted a roundtable at RAF Waddington in Lincoln to announce a new defence innovation hub to harness that potential.
Defence has a strong presence in many of our constituencies—indeed, according to the most recent data, Ministry of Defence spending in the east of England accounted for £1.5 billion—and down the road from my hon.