I call the shadow Minister.
Even before Labour’s jobs tax comes into force, we can see the damage that it is doing.
Three quarters of a million jobs in hospitality will be subject to employer national insurance for the first time, costing £1 billion.
Given that major hospitality and retail businesses are warning that lower-paid and part-time workers will suffer most, will the Chancellor think again?
Can the Minister at least commit that there will be no further increases during this Parliament?
The businesses to which the hon.
Gentleman refers, like businesses in all sectors of the economy, benefit from the stability that this Government have brought to the economy.
He wants to talk about unemployment and the rate of jobs.
We recognise that making changes to employer national insurance contributions was a tough decision that will have consequences, but the unemployment rate will fall to 4.1% next year and remain low until 2029.
When taken together, the Budget measures mean that the employment level in this country will increase from 33.1 million in 2024 to 34.3 million in 2029.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Health and wealth are two sides of the same coin, and we will not get economic growth without a healthy population.
But as a result of the national insurance contribution changes, the Care Provider Alliance reports that 73% of social care providers will have to refuse new care packages from local authorities or the NHS, and that 57% will have to hand back existing contracts.
What assurances can the Government provide to the huge number of people who are very scared that they will have to go without care and see their lives deteriorate?
The hon.
Lady makes an important point, but it is also important to point out that tough decisions on taxation must be made to fund the very services she is keen to support.
On her specific point about these pressures, we announced at the provisional local government settlement a further £200 million for adult and children’s social care to support authorities in delivering key services.
This will be allocated through the social care grant, which will bring the total increase in this grant in 2025-26 to £880 million, meaning that up to £3.7 billion of additional funding will be provided to social care authorities in 2025-26.
Ministers will be aware of analysis from the Nuffield Trust showing that that additional grant is being dwarfed by the additional costs that the Government are introducing.
On the great British high street, we know that our high streets are beautiful features of our cities, market towns and villages, but hospitality, retail, beauty and other service sectors are saying that the combination of national insurance and other changes will be a real hammer blow.
If high street shops start to close, that is bad for economic growth and bad for confidence.
What mechanisms will Ministers put in place to monitor the impact of the national insurance contributions changes on the vibrancy and resilience of our high streets?
All measures in the Budget were of course analysed by the Treasury and the Office for Budget Responsibility ahead of their announcement, and we keep in constant contact with industry representatives to see how policies are working in practice.
I draw her attention to my earlier remarks to her hon.
Friend  the Member for Twickenham (Munira Wilson)  about our business rates reform, which is a vital ask from the retail, hospitality and leisure sector.
After years of chopping and changing from the Conservative party—changing reliefs from one year to the next, and offering no stability whatever to people in that sector—we are introducing permanently lower rates for the retail, hospitality and leisure sector from April 2026, and avoiding the complete end of relief that the Conservative party left in the in-tray when we arrived in office.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to increase economic growth through new transport infrastructure.