The Chancellor, with her unimpeachable record in the sector, will know that economics is known as the dismal science.
As a member of the Business and Trade Committee, rather than using second-hand statistics, I have spoken directly with businesses one to one and found that the mood is indeed dismal.
After her dud Budget, can she think again and go back on this desperate jobs tax?
She is in danger of becoming tough on growth and tough on the causes of growth.
Conservative Members welcome the additional money for the NHS, but they never welcome the means to pay for it, which is why we are in the mess that we are with the £22 billion black hole we inherited from the previous Government.
The hon.
Member says that these are backward-looking surveys.
The EY survey of UK CEOs found that 82% felt optimistic.
PwC’s latest global CEO survey ranked the UK as the second-most attractive global destination for international investment, and last week the Lloyds survey showed a boost in business confidence.
Those are the facts.
People are choosing Britain as a place to invest and to locate their businesses.
On the Government side of the House, we welcome that.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
It is clear that the world is changing, which is why we must bring about a new era of security and renewal to keep our country safe.
Last week, I convened European Finance Ministers at the G20 to discuss our shared challenges.
I set out that national security will always be the first responsibility of this Government as well as national security being the bedrock for economic prosperity.
I was also proud to welcome President Zelensky to Downing Street alongside the Prime Minister at the weekend, where we signed a loan agreement that will deliver £2.26 billion in funding to Ukraine above our other commitments to bolster its military capacity, repaid by the profits from frozen Russian sovereign assets.
We will use the additional investment in defence to create more good jobs paying decent wages in all parts of the UK.
That is why we are giving the National Wealth Fund a new strategic steer to invest in technologies that better support our security and defence.
Britain is a strong country with strong defences, and I know that we can weather this changing world.
As the father of five-year-old, I know at first hand how important indoor play facilities are.
Providers in Cannock Chase, such as the Beach Hut in Norton Canes and the Kids Rule Play Cafe in Cannock,  have written to me asking for consideration for a sector-specific VAT reduction and the opportunity to shape the reform of business rates.
Is Treasury Minister willing to meet me, local providers and the Association of Indoor Play to discuss the sector’s priorities?
The Government have no plans to consider zero rating indoor play facilities for VAT.
All tax breaks must provide value for money and evidence suggests that such savings are only partially passed on.
I would, however, welcome my hon.
Friend engaging with us as we look to inform our “Transforming Business Rates” paper ahead of the Budget later this year.
I call the shadow Chancellor of the Exchequer.
How many jobs will the right hon.
Lady destroy as a result of her jobs tax?
I know that the right hon.
Gentleman will have looked at the OBR forecast from the Budget last year, which forecasted that employment will rise in this Parliament, unemployment will fall and real household disposable income will increase.
That is a far cry from the last Parliament, which was the worst on record for living standards.
I am surprised that the right hon.
Lady did not reference the fact that the OBR also said that there would be 50,000 fewer jobs as a result of the NICs increase; indeed, Bloomberg put that figure at 130,000 jobs.