Has she, or have her colleagues, spoken to their Israeli counterparts to condemn Israel’s “hell plan”, and to make it clear that there must be no resumption of the war and that  it is unacceptable for the people of Gaza to be denied critical food, water, and medical or any other supplies?
What action will the UK take against the Israeli Government if they continue, illegally, to use humanitarian aid and access to water and power as a bargaining chip?
I know that the Minister wants the ceasefire to hold.
Can she share her assessment of the impact of these latest developments on the prospects for a lasting, just and fair peace?
I thank the hon.
Lady for the urgent question.
A halt on goods and supplies entering Gaza, such as that announced by the Government of Israel, does risk breaching obligations under international humanitarian law.
To answer her question directly, the UK Government have been in touch with interlocutors to make that point.
In fact, the Under-Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Lincoln (Mr Falconer) , is in the region pushing for a peace deal, hence my covering this brief today, although I am the Indo-Pacific Minister.
Humanitarian aid should never be contingent on a ceasefire or used as a political tool.
On  28 January , the then Minister for development, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Oxford East (Anneliese Dodds) , announced £17 million in funding to ensure that healthcare, food and shelter could reach tens of thousands of civilians, and to support vital infrastructure across the Occupied Palestinian Territories.
The UK has announced £129 million of funding for the OPTs so far this financial year, including £41 million for the United Nations Relief and Works Agency.
The hon.
Member for North Herefordshire (Ellie Chowns)  asked about the long-term ceasefire prospects.
The UK plays its part in pushing both sides towards a hopeful future for the region.
We are working with not just Arab states, but partners such as the US to try to push for a solution that is in line with international humanitarian law.
I call the Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee.
I have just come back from the middle east, where I went with the Foreign Affairs Committee.
While the world watches with increasing alarm the disintegration of the peace process in Gaza, we were warned in Saudi Arabia, Jordan, the west bank and Israel that the far-right Government in Israel may have no long-term plan on Gaza, but that there is a long-term plan for the west bank, and that is annexation.
The international community is well aware of that.
It sees the evictions, the demolitions, the increasing number of Israeli settlements, and that 40,000 people have recently been displaced.
In these days of hard power, what is plan B?
What will the international community do to stop the annexation of the west bank?
It will not be enough to simply condemn it once it has happened.
I thank the Chair of the Select Committee for her ongoing interest in this important matter of foreign policy, and for the work that she and her Committee have done, including through personal interviews and visits to the region.
That is all part of the supportive role that the UK must play.
It must take an international role in pushing for peace.
The UK Government have taken a very tough position on militant factions or groups attacking Palestinians in the occupied territories and the west bank.
We continue to look at the measures available to get our message across in not just words, but actions.
With my right hon.
Friend’s permission, I will write to her as Chair of the Select Committee with an updated assessment of the situation.
I call the shadow Foreign Secretary.
As recent days have shown, the ceasefire continues to be incredibly fragile.