Friend’s permission, I will write to her as Chair of the Select Committee with an updated assessment of the situation.
I call the shadow Foreign Secretary.
As recent days have shown, the ceasefire continues to be incredibly fragile.
Of course, we all want this agreement to hold, and none of us should be in any doubt that that hinges on the release of each and every hostage held by the Iranian-backed terrorists Hamas, who caused the conflict by their sickening acts on  7 October .
As the Minister has pointed out, those hostages and their families have now suffered unimaginably for more than 500 days, and that cannot go on.
The hostages have been held in barbaric conditions, and the world has been shocked by the distressing scenes involving those who have been released.
The Minister rightly referred to Emily Damari and others.
Emily has shared details of her really awful ordeal in captivity by Hamas.
We all wish her well in her medical appointments and in the treatment that she is receiving.
Last week, we also tragically saw the distressing return of the bodies of those killed in Hamas captivity.
Our hearts break for their loved ones, and we mourn with them and with the people of Israel.
I have a series of questions for the Minister.
First, what role is the UK playing in helping to get an agreement on phase 2 of this ceasefire over the line?
What discussions has the Foreign Secretary had with America, Israel, and other regional players in recent days?
What engagement have the Government had with the plans for the future of Gaza that are being discussed in Cairo, and on how to prevent Hamas from continuing to control the Gaza strip?
Secondly, what is the Government’s practical response on aid access?
How are they working to unblock this situation, and what is happening to the British aid that is already in the region or en route?
Finally, what recent conversations have Foreign Office Ministers had with the International Committee of the Red Cross, both on its efforts on hostage release and on humanitarian assistance more broadly?
I thank the shadow Foreign Secretary for emphasising the effect on families on both sides of this terrible conflict, but particularly on the British families whom the Prime Minister has met, and on Emily Damari, and their dignity and grace.
She also mentioned all those who want a home, want security in the region, and have been affected by this most horrendous of wars.
She evoked the terrible images of hostages being released while the most macabre of pantomimes went on behind them.
That cruelty is utterly unacceptable, and the UK has made that very clear to interlocutors, both at ministerial and Foreign Secretary level.
The shadow Foreign Secretary has talked about phase 2.
There have been stops and starts in this peace process, as there often are in these very difficult situations.
Our role is to continue to speak very closely with the US and with Steve Witkoff to push for practical, day-to-day solutions.
She asked about British aid and what negotiations we are undertaking.
We are in daily contact with the region, and are pushing for discussions, conversations and dialogue, so that aid can get back in.
Following this urgent question, we undertake to contact the Red Cross, one of our partner organisations, with the message that this House wants that aid to re-enter the area, and to save lives.
The powerful scenes of Palestinians celebrating the start of Ramadan, even as their homes and lives have been reduced to rubble by Israeli forces, send a defiant message to the world that despite the displacement and destruction, Palestinians remain rooted in their land.
Will the Minister confirm that the decision to block all aid to Gaza, collectively punishing the entire population, is a war crime and a breach of international law, contravening provisions of the Geneva convention and the Rome statute?
My hon.