Does the Minister agree that investing in mental health is always a good idea when it comes to getting people back to work and well again and able to contribute to society?
Will the Minister work with the Department for Education to secure future funding for this vital service?
I agree entirely that mental health services are in desperate need of investment and support across the country.
The evidence is very clear that there are, for example, too many people out of work who would be like to be in work, but who are waiting at home unwell and unable to receive the support and services that they need and deserve.
The Health Secretary is working hard on that at the moment.
We are going into the spending review negotiations over the coming weeks and months, and we will set out further detail in due course.
I look forward to being able to provide more information specifically as we go through that process.
I call the shadow Minister.
Improving public sector productivity was the No.1 ask of Institute of Directors’ businesses trying to weather Storm Rachel, but under Labour, public sector productivity has fallen further behind pre-pandemic levels.
The number of civil servants working from home has gone up and, shockingly, as The Daily Telegraph has found, thousands of civil servants are being signed off to work from abroad.
Therefore, whether it is on civil servants working from their bedrooms or from Benidorm, or on other blockers of public sector productivity, what has the Chief Secretary to the Treasury actually done in his last eight months in office, or is he too comfortable with what the Prime Minister calls
“the tepid bath of managed decline”?
I thank the hon.
Member for his question.
My No.
1 ask is that he has another go at making better jokes in future.
To answer the substance of his question, I agree with him that the state is not productive enough on a whole range of issues.
He talks about civil service headcount, about Government offices and locations, and about working conditions.
He could also talk about digital transformation.
Frankly, we have an enormous amount of work to do, which will become evident through our spending review.
It is something that is being taken very seriously not just by the Treasury, but from the Prime Minister downwards.
I look forward  to his reflecting on what we suggest is the answer to 14 years of failure from his party when it was in government.
What assessment she has made of the implications for her policies of the most recent figures for Government borrowing.
In the autumn I took the decisions to put our public finances back on a firm footing.
The most recent GDP data showed that the economy grew by 0.4% in the final month of last year.
As I have said on many occasions, our fiscal rules are non-negotiable.
The Conservative party sent mortgage rates and business borrowing costs spiralling; we have returned stability to the public finances to give families and businesses the stability that they need.
The servicing cost is now twice what we are spending on defence, which the Chancellor is right to be increasing.
What is her ambition for finding savings in the welfare budget?
I agree that we need to get a grip of the welfare budget, which got out of control under the previous Conservative Government.
Frankly, I am not going to take lectures from the Conservative party, which crashed the economy.
Let me remind the House what the right hon.
Gentleman said about the disastrous mini-Budget:
“I share entirely the free-market ideology that underpins the Chancellor’s statement…The Chancellor was right to be radical.”
He added:
“I rejoice at the two fingers the Chancellor has raised to socialist dogma and envy.”
I think that the financial markets and the British public have united in their view on the previous Government.