I join my hon.
Friend in celebrating investment in her region.
Our growth mission is one in which each part of the country will benefit, and we look forward to working further with her.
With farmers protesting again in Westminster today, why is the Chancellor of the Exchequer running away from meeting farming unions from across this nation?
Why do those who feed our nation not deserve some of the Chancellor’s time?
Just two weeks ago, I spent a fair amount of time meeting representatives from the National Farmers Union and other representative organisations from different nations within the UK.
I listened to their concerns and what they had to say.
We have to be honest that we disagree.
They do not agree with the Government’s policy, and I need to be direct about that because we had to take a number of difficult decisions at the Budget.
But I do not apologise for the importance of balancing the public finances and sticking to our fiscal rules.
Next month will see a rise and an extension to the minimum wage.
In Portsmouth North, there are 9,600 minimum wage workers—higher than the national average—leaving many in in-work poverty and in desperate need of a boost to living standards.
What steps are the Government taking to help improve living standards for those low-paid workers?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that a higher minimum wage is an important way that we make low-earning workers’ lives better—as is the extension that we announced to sick pay yesterday, which I hope will be welcomed on all sides of this House.
The art of taxation is extracting the largest amount of money with the lowest amount of squeaking from the  goose.
Yet the Chancellor will have heard the honking of the tractors on Whitehall today in response to her raising an amount of money that will pay for less than one day of NHS spending.
Will she commit to reversing the family farm tax?
As we have debated several times in this Chamber and Westminster Hall, the changes to agricultural property relief and business property relief retain a generous relief for people accessing those benefits within the taxation system.
That means that people will get £1 million before inheritance tax is due, in addition to the existing nil rate band for spousal transfers.
Over that, it is up to an effective rate of 20%, and any money due can be paid over 10 years, interest free.
The Government’s recent £100 million investment in hospices, including St Michael’s hospice in Basingstoke, will help to modernise facilities, enhance digital services and provide more comfortable spaces for patients and their families.
Given the vital role that hospices play in all our communities, will the Treasury continue to work with the Department of Health and Social Care to ensure the sector’s long-term financial stability?
As my hon.
Friend rightly points out, £100 million is being made available for hospices—£25 million in 2024-25 and £75 million from April 2025.
That capital funding is intended to help charitable hospices in his constituency and elsewhere across the country to improve and modernise their facilities and physical estate.
Britain is only 55% food secure.
In these deeply uncertain times internationally, is it not time to change policy when it comes to agriculture?
Is this not the day to get rid of the family farm tax, undo the 76% cut in basic payments and invest in the people who keep us food secure?
As I have made clear to other hon.
Members, the changes to agricultural property relief are a fair way to raise the money necessary to balance the public finances.
Britain has excellent food security, and that is a priority for the Government.
It is right that the Government have put more money into defence.
However, in answer to a previous question, the Chief Secretary to the Treasury said that there is an impact assessment of the overseas development budget.