I thank him for his question.
The exact detail on the next stage of the negotiation is to be defined by the two parties, but we play a real role both with the ally, which is Israel, but also working with Egypt, Qatar and the wider region.
That is why our Minister right now is in the region, making the point that we want to be involved, pushing for a peaceful solution and to see that day when terrorism is not extant and the two communities can live side by side  in peace.
I was going to ask what we would do if the Israelis refused to let in aid, or to turn on the water and power, but I think we all know that basically the answer is nothing.
Instead, let me ask this.
The Minister rightly mentioned the macabre display around the return of the hostages and the condition of those hostages, and she is right.
I think she said that she has taken that up with interlocutors.
Why has not she mentioned the return of the Palestinian non-combatants?
Why has not she mentioned their condition when they are returned, often emaciated and showing signs of torture?
Why has she not mentioned the number of senior medics who have been detained without charge and then died in mysterious circumstances in Israeli detention?
Apparently there is some kind of investigation, but it never comes to a conclusion.
Is she surprised that people have become cynical about British conduct in this conflict, when it seems that we are only concerned about the welfare of one side?
With all due respect, I think that across this House we have had a very balanced approach to the suffering of all the communities in the region.
The right hon.
Member is right to mention the terrible suffering of those who have experienced arbitrary detention or alleged torture by various law enforcement agencies.
He is also right to include that in what needs to be the next step of the negotiation—the hostages on the one side, but those being released from prison on the other.
I remind him that there are concerns that some people who might have been released should not have been.
All of that has to be taken in the round and balanced.
I encourage balance and understanding about the suffering of both sides of the community and the desire for security in the words that we use in the House.
The issue of collaboration and infiltration between Hamas and some UNRWA officials is well documented.
Clearly, people in Gaza need aid, so can the Minister update us on how we are monitoring the work being done to restore neutrality and confidence in UNRWA?
The UK Government have been a supporter of the work of UNRWA throughout this conflict and before it.
We have been supporting UNRWA financially, as have all international organisations and countries.
There have been problems with certain challenges to individuals who have been employed by UNRWA, but we have consistently joined with allies in expressing our concerns about the role of UNRWA being curtailed.
At the UN Security Council sessions on  6 November ,  11 December ,  3 January ,  28 January  and  25 February , and in a joint statement with partners on  27 October , we urged that the important work of UNRWA can continue.
The blockade of aid is just the last line in a long list of activities that Israelis have committed against the Palestinian people.
Now that we have cut our overseas aid to a mere 0.3% of GDP—the lowest in real terms in 20 years—does the Minister still agree with the Labour party manifesto that international aid makes the world
“a safer, more prosperous place”?
Does she agree that, with this move, the UK’s historic role in the middle east is dead and over?
The hon.