The hon.
Member asks about ongoing funding, and she is right to ask that question and hold our feet to the fire.
Once we have had time to look at the coming financial years and the comprehensive spending review, she will have her answer.
Does the Minister agree that Israel’s decision to block aid to more than 2 million Palestinians in Gaza is collective punishment?
With 80% of Gaza’s health infrastructure destroyed, 1,000 medical workers killed and the World Health Organisation estimating that 14,000 Palestinians, including 4,500 children, require urgent medical evacuation, what concrete steps have we taken to ensure that aid gets in and that those who need medical treatment have that treatment made available to them?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her ongoing campaigning on humanitarian aid for Gaza.
It is very positive that the Rafah crossing remains open: that has led to a significant increase in the number of medical evacuations in recent weeks.
It is vital for Israel to ensure that there is a sustained passage for patients who need treatment that is not available in Gaza, and officials from all relevant Whitehall Departments are exploring avenues to ensure that our support best meets the needs of the those who are critically ill there.
The right hon.
Member for North West Hampshire (Kit Malthouse)  talked about the medical staff who are under threat.
We have supported them with technical advice and training, and we have also announced £1 million for the Egyptian Ministry of Health and Population, to be delivered through WHO Egypt, to support Palestinians who have been medically evacuated from Gaza.
Yesterday the all-party parliamentary group on UK-Israel heard from the families of five of the remaining hostages.
It is estimated that of the 59 who are still in captivity, only 24 are alive and 35 have been murdered.
The recently released hostage Eli Sharabi described the conditions in which he was detained: he was held in chains, brutally beaten and starved.
Alon Ohel, who was held alongside him, remains in captivity.
The families believe that the remaining hostages are in a very vulnerable position.
Clearly the demand must be for all of them to be released immediately, and that should be the aim of the British Government.
What action is the Minister taking to ensure that happens?
I thank the hon.
Member for his ongoing support for peace in the region.
He specifically mentioned the family of Eli Sharabi, and we know that those families have a UK connection.
The UK has played an active role in co-ordinating with international partners since the beginning of the conflict.
The Foreign Secretary has visited Israel and the Occupied Palestinian Territories on three occasions since taking office, and has worked closely with European partners in pushing for a resolution to secure the ceasefire.
I think the situation has improved on that front in the last couple of weeks, but the hon.
Member is right to emphasise the importance of the return of hostages as part of the negotiated next part of the peace process.
I thank the Minister for updating the House on this troubling matter.
The Israeli Government’s decision is contrary to international humanitarian law and clearly undermines such a fragile ceasefire.
Both the Prime Minister and the Foreign Secretary have been absolutely clear about the right of Palestinians to return home to Gaza to rebuild their lives.
Does the Minister agree that their right to  return is jeopardised by the blocking of critical humanitarian aid, and what actions will the Government take if that right continues to be restricted?
My hon.
Friend is right that humanitarian aid should never be contingent on a ceasefire or used as a political tool, and we urge the Government of Israel to lift restrictions immediately and unconditionally.
He asked what else this Government will do.