I am sorry that the Front Bench does not want to get these Members in, but I am determined to.
These are called topical questions, which means I want quick questions and certainly short answers.
I call the Father of the House, Sir Edward Leigh.
I hope that I will not damage the Chancellor if I commend the fiscally conservative way in which she  is increasing defence spending.
Given that if every European country matched our 2.5% commitment, we could release over £150 billion of defence spending, does she agree that we can crack this, because war and peace are always won, ultimately, by the size the economy?
I very much agree with the right hon.
Gentleman.
This is why I met my fellow European Finance Ministers in Cape Town at the G20 last week.
All of Europe needs to step up.
The British Government are doing so and we need to see that from other countries, too.
Acknowledging that official development assistance will go down to 0.3% of GNI in 2027, can the Minister confirm whether it will remain at 0.5% for the calendar year of 2026, which will help ensure that UK aid keeps the maximum number of people alive for the longest possible time?
Impacts on ODA budgets are currently under review by the Government.
Our commitment is to prioritise legal obligations and minimise disruption.
We will confirm details in due course, but I will happily meet my hon.
Friend and colleagues to discuss this further.
Expanding UK airport capacity has a very shaky  case for economic benefits, because business is not increasing its use of air travel, and the UK sends three times as many tourists out by plane as we welcome in.
Will the Chancellor urgently publish her evidence of any net benefits to the economy from airport expansion so that it can be carefully examined?
We have to decide whether we are for growth or against growth.
This Government are for growth and we will set out further details of this particular project when the developers come forward with their plans for the Government to consider.
The previous Government’s mismanagement has left our flood defences unfit for purpose, which has a huge impact on my constituents.
Will the Chancellor set out what the Government are doing to increase community resilience against flooding and coastal erosion?
To ensure that we protect the country from the devastating impacts of flooding, we have committed £2.65 billion over 2024-25 to 2025-26 to improve flood defences, and we have established a flood resilience taskforce to feed into our decisions on future spending, which will report in due course.
Bridgwater’s 77 pubs, including the Crossways Inn in West Huntspill, are at the heart of our local communities, yet the sector overpays £500 million in business rates relative to turnover.
Will the Chancellor commit to the British Beer and Pub Association’s call for a 20p cut in the small business multiplier and 15p off the standard multiplier, in order to secure the future of British pubs?
We have frozen the small business multiplier this year and we will be introducing permanently lower multipliers for retail hospitality and leisure premises from April 2026, which will benefit pubs.
Meanwhile, they also benefit from our decision to increase the duty relief for  draft products.
What are this Government doing to ensure innovation in UK tech companies, such as Kao Park in my constituency, so that they can drive economic growth as part of world-class AI computer ecosystems?
Harlow is home to one of the UK’s largest supercomputers.
We are taking forward the AI action plan and we also have the tech adoption review, which will look at how we can unlock the potential of AI in our high-growth sectors.
Attracting high net worth individuals to spend more time in the United Kingdom drives jobs, growth and, crucially, tax revenues, but unfortunately the opposite is happening in the UK right now.