Now that we have cut our overseas aid to a mere 0.3% of GDP—the lowest in real terms in 20 years—does the Minister still agree with the Labour party manifesto that international aid makes the world
“a safer, more prosperous place”?
Does she agree that, with this move, the UK’s historic role in the middle east is dead and over?
The hon.
Member is right to talk about the ongoing need for aid in the region, and the Prime Minister was very careful in his speech at the end of last week—I think he has mentioned it since then in the press—to say that humanitarian aid must continue.
Gaza was specifically mentioned, because it is one of  our top priorities.
The hon.
Member is aware that the decision to divert some of our aid spending into the defence of Europe is only a week old, but he must also be aware that we will come forward with the detail of that.
I reassure him and his constituents that Gaza was specifically mentioned in this House by the Prime Minister, because it remains one of our top priorities in the Foreign Office.
It is clear that Israel has been emboldened by Trumpian tactics in imposing a total siege and blocking all supplies, including humanitarian aid into Gaza, to force new ceasefire terms.
We in this House should be clear and call that what it is: collective punishment of the Palestinian people, starvation as a method of war, and a blatant war crime.
Will the Minister finally sanction Israel for these gross violations of international law?
Specifically on the question of sanctions, I think my hon.
Friend knows what I am going to say, which is that we do not talk about them until we make a decision.
We review any tools that we have available to us to protest.
We also need to understand that we are in the midst of a peace process.
We know that peace processes throughout history have had stop-start elements.
What we are doing is making clear our views—the views of this House and of the Government—that humanitarian aid must not be prevented from entering Gaza.
While this important peace process is going on, people still need to eat.
They still need lifesaving medical treatment.
Children still need to be educated.
That is the point we have continued to make all the way along.
In her letter resigning as Development Minister last week,  the right hon.
Member for Oxford East (Anneliese Dodds)  wrote that
“it will be impossible…given the depth of the cut”
to maintain the Government’s support for all their development commitments.
She explicitly cited aid to Gaza.
At this point, I commend the Totnes Friends of Palestine for raising £10,000 to help those in Gaza.
With hospitals destroyed, a lack of clean water, desperate food shortages and now more threats to power and water supplies, how will the Minister ensure that last week’s cuts to development spending will not worsen the humanitarian catastrophe happening in Gaza?
I congratulate the hon.
Member on all the work she does in her community to show international support and solidarity for communities in Gaza.
We know that the humanitarian situation remains extremely challenging, with more than 48,000 having been killed and 90% of the population having been displaced, many repeatedly.
I think the UK has a really good story to tell.
We have been in there for many decades now.
She mentions the outgoing Minister for Development, and a further £17 million was announced on  28 January  so that healthcare, food and shelter could reach tens of thousands of civilians, and to support vital infrastructure.
The hon.
Member asks about ongoing funding, and she is right to ask that question and hold our feet to the fire.
Once we have had time to look at the coming financial years and the comprehensive spending review, she will have her answer.