Gentleman failed to persuade his party, when in government for 14 years, to open that line.
I can reassure him that this Government take rail infrastructure seriously, and I will happily consider any detail that he wishes to write to me about.
Economic growth through infrastructure development could be helped in Scotland and Northern Ireland with more money going to Cairnryan port and the road infrastructure to it.
Allied to that, any help that the Department, the Minister and the Chancellor could give in resolving EU-related trading issues would considerably help Northern Ireland business as well as Scottish business.
The hon.
Member will know that the Government have entered negotiations with our counterparts in the European Commission to improve trade between the UK and the European Union.
I had a great meeting to discuss these issues last week in Cardiff with Finance Ministers from the Northern Ireland Executive as well as from Scotland and Wales, and noted that we have given a record-breaking increase in funding to the devolved Governments, so that they can get on with such projects, working in partnership with us where we still have responsibility.
What steps she has taken to increase regional growth in England.
What fiscal reforms she has made to help increase economic growth in Cumbria.
At autumn Budget 2024, we set out the first major steps in our approach to regional growth through devolution, investment and reform.
The January growth speech regional investment package built on that.
We have made clear the Government’s focus on attracting inward investment across the country and to investing in infrastructure needed to support cities and regions to grow.
We have made it clear that the importance of investing in major city regions across the UK will play  an important part in that endeavour.
For example, if we improve the productivity gap in Manchester, Birmingham and Leeds, we estimate we can deliver an extra £33 billion in economic output.
I call Graham Stringer. [
Interruption.]
Sorry, Mr Speaker.
I was nearly as shocked when you called me as I was when listening to the Chancellor of the Exchequer on Radio 4 talking about economic growth.
She said there had not been a new runway built in this country since 1945.
Manchester airport would be very surprised to hear that, because its new runway has been operating for nearly 25 years.
I was shocked by that but not really surprised, because I think many officials in the Treasury who advise her show a startling ignorance of the English regions, and that leads to a certain prejudice in the formula they use to calculate whether a scheme should go ahead.
Can the Minister and the rest of the Treasury team provide coaches to send Treasury officials around the English regions to talk to people who know about growth?
Secondly, will he look at the formulas that decide where economic growth happens, which are biased against the regions?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his questions; I will do my best to answer them.
I can confirm that Treasury officials routinely engage with local and regional officials across the country, including frequently in Manchester with Mayor Burnham and his team.
I would point my hon.
Friend gently to some of the announcements made by the Chancellor, including support for the Old Trafford development in Manchester.
I congratulate the operators of Manchester airport on running a successful business, which we will continue to support in the normal way.
At the autumn Budget, the Government announced a range of support measures for small businesses, including vital support for the retail, hospitality and leisure sectors.
Will the Minister confirm the measures being taken to support the independent and important craft brewing and distillery sector in Cumbria?
As the House has already heard today from my hon.