As my hon.
Friend says, defence has an important role to play in the growth mission as well as keeping our country safe and secure, and on Friday the Defence Secretary and I hosted a roundtable at RAF Waddington in Lincoln to announce a new defence innovation hub to harness that potential.
Defence has a strong presence in many of our constituencies—indeed, according to the most recent data, Ministry of Defence spending in the east of England accounted for £1.5 billion—and down the road from my hon.
Friend’s constituency is the historic MOD Shoeburyness range, which, along with other sites, is operated by the MOD and QinetiQ as part of a long-term partnership worth more than £5 billion.
In the years to come, there will be more investment in defence from both the public and the private sector.
As part of their pursuit of the ever-elusive goal of economic growth, the Government have rebranded the UK Infrastructure Bank as the National Wealth Fund.
Even the Office for Budget Responsibility has cast doubt on the effectiveness of that as a driver of economic growth.
Can the Chancellor tell the House how much the rebrand has cost?
The National Wealth Fund is doing important work in enabling us to leverage in private sector investment.
The most recent of those investments include mining in Cornwall and energy charging points in our roads.
At the end of last week, I announced that the fund would play a more important role in funding and supporting investments in the defence sector, which will become even more important in the years ahead.
I recently visited a business in Kirkby-in-Ashfield in the east midlands—funnily enough, I did not see  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon)  there—where I was told that the increase in national insurance contributions would cost the business £240 a year, which will prevent it from recruiting people and giving its employees a pay rise next year.
Does the Chancellor agree that it is time to reverse this ridiculous decision and help to drive growth in the east midlands?
In the Budget in October I had to fill the £22 billion black hole left by the previous Government, but there are huge opportunities to grow the economy in the east midlands.
We recently agreed the £9 billion Unity deal with Rolls-Royce to support the Royal Navy submarine fleet, which will provide a major boost for economic growth in the east midlands, creating and maintaining 5,000 long-term jobs.
That is good for our country’s security, and good for the people of the east midlands.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of the planned increase in employer national insurance contributions on economic growth.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of the planned increase in employer national insurance contributions on economic growth.
The Government have taken difficult decisions to repair the public finances, fund public services and restore economic stability.
The Office for Budget Responsibility predicts that the employer national insurance contribution changes
“will reduce the level of potential output by 0.1 per cent at the forecast horizon”.
It also predicts that growth will pick up next year and that living standards will rise faster during this Parliament than during the last, and in the long term it expects the autumn Budget policies, if sustained, to increase the size of the economy permanently.
My constituent Alison runs Stepping Stones nursery school, which has been operating in my constituency for 30 years, offering wraparound care to busy families.
The increase in employers’ national insurance contributions alone will cost it £16,000 a year and it is still struggling with an increase in utility costs, while other nurseries in the area are also struggling and, indeed, closing.
Headmasters, a hairdresser in Walton, is struggling with £15,000 of extra costs, owing primarily to this tax rise.