The former Prime Minister has appointed accomplished people, and I am quite sure that they will contribute significantly to the other House.
Whether he has had recent discussions with Cabinet colleagues on the potential impact of the publication of the resignation honours list of the right hon.
Member for South West Norfolk on public trust in (a) politicians and (b) political institutions.
It is a long-standing convention under successive Governments that outgoing Prime Ministers can draw up a resignation list.
That has been the case under past Governments from across the political spectrum, and any names proposed are subject to the usual propriety checks.
Political polarisation is more prevalent than ever, but polling consistently shows that voters across the political spectrum are united in their opposition to an unelected House of Lords.
The trouble the public face is that this place and this Government do not want to know—they merrily carry on stuffing the House of Lords full of loyal stooges.
When will the Government finally take their fingers out of their ears, listen to the public and begin to consider long-required reform of the place through those doors?
Many people in the other House are probably somewhat insulted by the hon.
Member’s words.
Many of them are highly accomplished in a variety of specialisms and bring much insight as they scrutinise the legislation that comes from this House.
If he will undertake a review of the effectiveness of gov.uk for the public and businesses.
Gov.uk is among the UK’s most recognised and trusted digital services.
It is constantly monitored to assure and improve the service it provides to its users through data analytics, user research and feedback, while the latest gov.uk strategy prioritises proactively reaching more people in more places.
Government processes need to work if our democratic system is to have the trust of our constituents.
We know that many people who use Government IT systems to manage their tax payments, national insurance credits or benefits experience errors in how their accounts of money are handled, which is unacceptable.
Will the Minister accept that a cross-departmental review of how those IT systems work needs to be carried out so that constituents can trust that the Government are not losing their hard-earned money?
I am pleased to tell the hon.
Lady that polling at the end of last year found that 76% of respondents were satisfied with gov.uk, 78% agreed that they could typically find what they wanted and 74% trusted the information they found.
Obviously, we keep all our systems under review, but gov.uk is a trusted brand and it is getting better every day.
What recent discussions he has had with the independent adviser on Ministers’ interests on trends in the level of compliance with the ministerial code.
The Prime Minister has been clear that he will lead a Government of
“integrity, professionalism and accountability at every level.”
He is delivering on that promise.
I met Sir Laurie Magnus, the independent adviser on Ministers’ interests, in November.
A survey published just this week by the Institute for Government revealed that two thirds of the public do not believe that the Government behave according to high ethical standards.
I do not think anyone in the House will be surprised by that, given the behaviour we have seen from some—particularly former—Ministers over the past five years.
Even in the last few weeks, questions have been raised about potential breaches of the ministerial code by the Business Secretary, and we have seen failure rewarded constantly with outrageous severance payments.
Will the Minister finally fully enshrine the ministerial code into law?
That matter has been discussed.
The Committee on Standards in Public Life did not recommend that in 2021, because it would afford significant authority to a body that is outwith accountability to the House.
What steps he is taking to improve support for veterans who served in Northern Ireland.