The hon.
Lady rolls her eyes.
I would ask her to consider what she could do to rectify that situation.
There are many good people in the  Labour party; there are many good people who have also been driven from it.
Despite best attempts to knock it off the media agenda or pretend it is otherwise, the strong moral compass we want to see from our nation’s political leaders, especially at times like this, is missing from the Labour party.
That is sad and it is shameful.
I call the Father of the House.
Following the comments made by the shadow Leader of the House about risk-based exclusion, I am glad that motion is not coming forward next week, as there should be more consideration.
It is a matter of record that two major newspapers made sex-based accusations against me, but I was not investigated by the police or as a result referred.
It is only arrest that makes a difference.
It is absurd and naive to think that were someone to be suspended and get a proxy vote, their anonymity could in any sense be guaranteed in this country or not reported in other countries.
This is a serious problem.
I am not certain we have found exactly the right way of dealing with it.
Will the Government make a statement next week on revisionism and who is the lead designer of the national Holocaust memorial and proposed learning centre?
One of the Government’s nominees as chair of the UK Holocaust Memorial Foundation was quoted in the Jewish News yesterday saying that Ron Arad is the person responsible.
Every Government comment, from 2016 onwards, has acknowledged quite rightly that the main designer is Sir David Adjaye OM—a name that cannot normally be mentioned because of problems I do not want to go into on the Floor of the House.
Could Ministers refer Lord Pickles to the press notices that went out in the UK Holocaust Memorial Foundation’s name in 2016, 2018 and every year since, because we must get the facts right and not change them?
I reassure my hon.
Friend that we are listening to the House.
Risk-based exclusion and other such schemes are a matter for the House and all Members need to have confidence in those processes.
He has successfully put on record his concerns about that aspect of the Holocaust memorial.
I will ensure the Secretary of State has heard what he has said, and he can raise it directly with him on  4 March .
I call the SNP spokesperson.
A lot has happened since the Leader of the House and I last faced each other, and I commend her for her intervention in last week’s events.
She acted, as she said, to defend the rights of minority parties.
That was the right thing to do, but what a dismal reflection on Westminster that the rights of minority party MPs in this place now need protecting and defending.
The whole House knows how we got here.
At some point we will get to the bottom of what pressure there was, exactly what dealings were done behind Victorian screens, and what “simply urging the Speaker” actually meant.
To be fair, some Labour figures were fessing up at the weekend, or perhaps gloating, about their tactics—all because the SNP wanted to debate an immediate ceasefire in Gaza.
People might ask why I am not tackling the Leader of the House today on her Government’s economic policies, Brexit or child poverty.
We will return to our normal business questions exchanges of course, but at the core of our work as MPs is that all Members and parties must be treated fairly, and seen to be treated fairly.
For as long as Scotland sends MPs here, we will expect and demand that.
No one party can be allowed to change the rules by bullying.