I know that the Home Secretary takes this issue very seriously, but can my right hon.
Friend provide us with an update on when legislation will be brought forward to deliver a ban on machetes and zombie-style knives?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for all the work she is doing on this issue.
I have witnessed that work at first hand, having visited her constituency and met with one set of those parents she mentions—I praise them for all the work they are doing to turn the tragedy that befell them into some positive action.
As she has kindly mentioned, the Home Secretary is committed to this issue, and is continually looking at what more can be done.
The particular statutory instrument to which my right hon.
Friend refers, which was laid before Parliament on  25 January , is currently on remaining orders and is yet to be debated in both Houses, but I think that will happen extremely soon.
As she knows, we are making progress on that.
On  18 January , I raised the case of Pilsworth South landfill in my constituency, which has been giving off an awful smell due to the operator breaching its licence.
I asked the Leader of the House whether we could have a debate in Government time about giving the Environment Agency more teeth in relation to matters like this, and I appreciate her writing to the Environment Secretary on my behalf.
However, can we have a statement from the Secretary of State on potential prosecutions of operators that breach their licence, so that our constituents no longer suffer from this stench and we can stop the stink?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his continued work in this area—my office stands ready to help him on all fronts.
As he knows, he can raise this matter directly with the Secretary of State on  14 March , but given that that date is a little way off, I will make sure that the Secretary of State hears what the hon.
Gentleman has said today.
Last week, the Government-funded organisation Tell MAMA published its latest data on anti-Muslim hatred and Islamophobia incidents.
That data showed that there had been 2,000-plus incidents in four months—an  increase of over 300%.
Between that time and now, there has been no statement from the Government on tackling Islamophobia.
Last week, there was a statement from the Government on tackling antisemitism; can the Leader of the House clarify to me when the Government will make a statement on tackling Islamophobia, noting those latest data?
I am sure she agrees with me, and with every Member of this House, that we should do everything we can to ensure that all our faith communities are treated fairly and equally.
I agree with my hon.
Friend’s comments —that is a duty on us all.
He may wish to know that I have also asked for a meeting with the Government’s envoy for freedom of religion or belief, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Congleton (Fiona Bruce) , and the Minister responsible to look at what more we parliamentarians can do to ensure that all communities and faith groups feel properly supported in these times.
I will make sure that the relevant Department hears what my hon.
Friend has said today.
I had no intention of coming to ask the Leader of the House a question, but earlier she mentioned the exclusion of Members of Parliament.
Just to be clear about the language, what we are talking about is people who have been arrested for sexual crimes being excluded from this estate.
She said that we cannot have that debate, and that Members need to trust the process—well, staff also need to trust what happens here.
She said that we cannot have the debate because of what happened last week.