On the contaminated blood scandal, why have the Government not named the experts?
We have given details of the appointment of Sir Jonathan Montgomery, and a number of other individuals are working on clinical and other matters.
It is really important that we get on with this work, and we will report back on their conclusions as soon as we can.
We know that the Cabinet Office is often focused on making sure that procurement contracts go to small and medium-sized enterprises, but can my hon.
Friend tell me what work is being done to make sure that female-led businesses get a chance at those contracts?
I think my right hon.
Friend is referring to social value, which is obviously an important part of our procurement regime.
Social value was discussed extensively during the passage of the Procurement Act 2023, and contracting authorities in local areas must pay regard to it.
Will the Leader of the House give us the forthcoming business?
The business for the week commencing  4 March  will include:
Monday 4 March —General debate on farming.
Tuesday 5 March —Second Reading of Automotive Vehicles Bill [Lords], followed by motions relating to the shared Parental Leave and Pay (Bereavement) Bill, the British Citizenship (Northern Ireland) Bill and the High Streets (Designation, Review and Improvement Plan) Bill.
Wednesday 6 March —My right hon.
Friend the Chancellor of the Exchequer will deliver his Budget statement.
Thursday 7 March —Continuation of the Budget debate.
Friday 8 March —The House will not be sitting.
The provisional business for the week commencing  11 March  includes:
Monday 11 March —Continuation of the Budget debate.
Tuesday 12 March —Conclusion of the Budget debate.
Colleagues should also be aware that  Thursday 14 March  will be estimates day.
At 5 pm on that day the House will be asked to agree all outstanding estimates.
I start by paying tribute to Ronnie Campbell and Sir Patrick Cormack.
Ronnie was a larger than life character, proudly and staunchly representing his community and his roots.
Although Sir Patrick was an MP before my time, I have read the glowing tributes which all describe him as incredibly kind.
I am also incredibly saddened by the news, just announced, that Dave Myers, one of the Hairy Bikers, has died.
He was a hugely popular and much loved figure.
I was going to welcome the motion on the risk-based exclusion of Members that we were due to debate on Monday, as the Leader of the House announced last week, but it appears that she has pulled it.
This decision will be met with dismay by Members, staff and unions who have worked on it for more than a year.
Can she let us know when the motion will return?
I note that some on the Conservative Benches had tabled amendments, which reports suggest is why the motion has been withdrawn.
Will she confirm that she still supports the motion as agreed by the House of Commons Commission on which we both sit?
I welcome the new funding and protocols that have been announced to enhance MPs’ security and defend our democracy.
We have seen a huge rise in antisemitism, Islamophobia, hate and the intimidation of elected representatives, especially since Hamas’s barbaric attack on Israel on  7 October .
I put on record my thanks to you, Mr Speaker, and the security services for your leadership.
I asked last week, as I have before, for a new cross-party taskforce to address these issues.
Can the Leader of the House help to make sure that happens?
We have discussed these issues many times, but does the Leader of the House not agree that it is incumbent on all of us to be mindful of our language and conduct?
When we see racism, antisemitism or Islamophobia in our own ranks, we must take action, however difficult the consequences, and we must be clear in calling it out.