Does he understand that, after decades of cover-up and criminal activity, the lack of transparency with which the infected and affected are being treated is totally unacceptable?
I explained to the right hon.
Lady when I met her on  6 February , and again when I spoke to her on  8 February , the context of Professor Sir Jonathan Montgomery’s appointment.
As she knows, Sir Brian recommends that eligibility for compensation includes those with hepatitis C, HIV and all chronic cases of hepatitis B.
On the right hon.
Lady’s question about engagement with the groups, I am very keen to engage when the Report stage happens in the middle of April.
I will then work on plans to engage with as many groups as possible across the United Kingdom, building on my conversations with representatives of the devolved Administrations on  6 February .
Since the recommendations of the infected blood inquiry were announced, another 82 victims of the scandal have sadly died.
I note what the Minister said about the appointment of Sir Jonathan Montgomery as chair of the experts offering technical advice on the compensation talks, but may I express the anger of one of my constituents, who is a victim of the scandal, about that appointment?
He has asked me to ask: what confidence can victims have in the compensation process when an individual who is linked to pharmaceutical firm Bayer—a company that supplied infected blood—and chairs the Oxford University Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust, which was at the epicentre of the scandal, is advising the Cabinet Office?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question.
The appointment of Sir Jonathan Montgomery was compliant with all the processes, similar to those used for the appointment of Sir Robert Francis and others.
I recognise the concern expressed around Jonathan’s involvement with Bayer.
That ceased at the end of October last year.
He was part of an independent advisory group—not  making executive decisions—for the pharmaceutical company.
In the other place, the noble Baroness Brinton described Sir Jonathan as a “well-respected ethicist”.
He has been asked not for further recommendations, but to advise the Government on the implementation of the recommendations made in the report.
I hope that is helpful.
Like other Members, I have constituents and friends who have been profoundly affected by the scandal, through both hepatitis and HIV.
I recognise that my right hon.
Friend is working extremely hard to come up with a solution to move the conversation forward, but can he update the House on any conversations he has had with the Treasury on delivering compensation as swiftly as possible once it is available?
Conversation about this is taking place all the time across Whitehall.
That will continue at pace as we move towards the  20 May  publication.
My determination is to bring forward as substantive a response as possible on the compensation issue as soon as possible after that.
Obviously, those conversations happen over time, but I undertake to update the House at the next opportunity when there is something substantive to say.
I call the shadow Minister.
In his second interim report, of  5 April 2023 , Sir Brian Langstaff set out:
“I recommend that a compensation scheme should be set up now and it should begin work this year.”
Now we are into the next year, 2024, and the scheme has not been set up.
We have no timetable from the Government on when work will begin.
The Minister does not need to wait until  20 May  for the final report.
Can the Minister tell the victims’ groups, who have waited for so long, whether he has persuaded the Chancellor to include the funding for the scheme in next week’s Budget, and when will the first substantive payments be made?
I think the right hon.