Just to be clear about the language, what we are talking about is people who have been arrested for sexual crimes being excluded from this estate.
She said that we cannot have that debate, and that Members need to trust the process—well, staff also need to trust what happens here.
She said that we cannot have the debate because of what happened last week.
I have absolutely no idea how what happened last week has anything to do with keeping this building safe; could the Leader of the House elaborate on why what happened last week has got anything to do with something we have been fighting for for five years?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her question.
It is because this relies on the trust and confidence that Members have in other Members in this place, but also in the House authorities.
The hon.
Lady will know that I am part of the Commission.
We have brought forward and tabled these proposals, but we also have a duty to listen to hon.
and right hon.
Members in this place, otherwise such motions will fail.
I have to say that there is a very small set of circumstances—I cannot actually think of a set—where this would ever be used, because what would happen, if the House authorities were notified of any issues of concern, is that bail conditions would be applied to that individual, and therefore the process would not be triggered.
We are talking about a set of circumstances where there would be some other kind of risk.
It is not an immediate emergency.
It is important that we debate these things.
It is particularly important to Mr Speaker, upon whom the responsibility for these issues currently falls.
Clearly, a process is being proposed that would take that responsibility away from him.
I am telling all hon.
and right hon.
Members that we need to debate these matters, taking seriously the concerns of our colleagues.
Just coming to this place, and implying that Members on the Government Benches do not care about these issues is not helpful.
My right hon.
Friend  the Member for Newark (Robert Jenrick)  referred to the issue of foreign state ownership and purchase, and the freedom of the press.
I have to say that there have been plenty of times when I have certainly not liked what the press has written about me, or, indeed, about my party or other aspects.
However, this does matter for the press—unlike for other industries, where I think it is perfectly valid for there to be ownership or part-ownership by foreign states, and in the past we have encouraged that, going both ways.
I think it is vital, if the Government do not have the powers they think they need or are relying on some aspect of some other competition authority, that we put something in place to make sure that the freedom of the press is preserved forever.
In particular, I am thinking right now of The Telegraph and The Spectator.
My right hon.
Friend makes her point very well, and I am pleased that she has got that on record.
A free press, whether nationally or at local level, is a fundamental part of our democracy.
If we lose that, we will lose a very great thing that our democracy leans upon.
It should be protected.
I think hon.
and right hon.
Members will continue to raise their concerns about this matter, and I will make sure that the Government have heard.
My constituent Marie took ill health retiral in 2010, only to later discover that she needed to wait until she was 66 for her state pension.
During that time she received no benefit support, after losing employment and support allowance.
She was not advised to apply for the personal independence payment, and she lost her home due to affordability issues.