That matter has been discussed.
The Committee on Standards in Public Life did not recommend that in 2021, because it would afford significant authority to a body that is outwith accountability to the House.
What steps he is taking to improve support for veterans who served in Northern Ireland.
We have expanded the Veterans Welfare Service provision in Northern Ireland and allocated £500,000 to a defence medical welfare service pilot to support veterans’ health and wellbeing in Northern Ireland.
On legacy, we are committed to working with the Northern Ireland Office, the Ministry of Defence and the Independent Commission for Reconciliation and Information Recovery to ensure that veterans are fully engaged and supported.
What support can veterans expect from the Independent Commission for Reconciliation and Information Recovery?
We are doing everything we can to support veterans who are going through that process.
It is essential that veterans are engaged as the commission develops its policies and processes.
We are working closely with the Ministry of Defence to ensure that legal and welfare provisions are established, to ensure that veterans are supported through that process.
We now come to topical questions.
I call Barry Sheerman—not here.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Later today, I will set out how we are putting more artificial  intelligence experts at the heart of Government to drive the adoption of AI right across the public sector.
We will not only revolutionise services but increase productivity, cut inefficiencies and save taxpayers millions of pounds.
Earlier this month, I launched the Pall Mall Process alongside international allies, which will combat the proliferation of the irresponsible use of cyber-intrusion tools that are commercially available.
I am determined that the Cabinet Office will lead the way in seizing the opportunities presented by these new technologies, while guarding against the risks.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his update.
Every day this place is combating cyber-security challenges.
What action is he taking to ensure that not only this place but the whole of the United Kingdom is safe from Iran, Russia and other hostile elements that want to intrude on our security?
My hon.
Friend is entirely right to raise that risk.
We live in a more dangerous and hostile world.
I am particularly mindful of the risks posed by hostile foreign states such as Iran.
We rely heavily on the National Cyber Security Centre, with which we work closely to ensure the security of Government, this House and the private sector.
In addition, I chair a ministerial cyber board, where we constantly challenge Departments to improve their cyber-security—which we are improving, but the risks continue to arise.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
As the Minister has seen, many questions have been asked today on the infected blood scandal.
Will he confirm that it is no part of the Government’s decision-making process on the timescale of granting compensation payments to create the fiscal headroom needed for the much anticipated pre-election tax cuts in next week’s Budget?
I can confirm that is not the case.
Baroness Mone and her husband made a £60 million profit on a £200 million contract for personal protective equipment, much of which the NHS deemed unusable.
The couple, reportedly, have had £75 million of assets frozen, but they also have a horse running in Britain’s favourite horserace, the grand national.
That is not racing’s fault, but would it not be a grand national disgrace if the owners were able to walk away with winnings while taxpayers are still waiting to get their money back from being sold a mountain of unusable PPE?
The Government continue to take robust action to recover any misused funds.
As the right hon.
Gentleman will be aware, both criminal and civil proceedings are ongoing, so there are limited things I can say in respect of the allegations that he has made.