The all-party parliamentary group for international freedom of religion or belief, which I chair, visited Tunisia last May to highlight some of the issues that are relevant to our all-party group.
On Sunday past, a mob in Tunisia burned a synagogue in the city of Sfax.
Thankfully no one was injured.
Will the Leader of the House join me and others in denouncing this attack and calling for closer monitoring of the issues relating to freedom of religion or belief?
We again thank the hon.
Gentleman for what he does every week, which is to shine a spotlight on the situations that are going on around the world that would not normally get this level of attention.
It is good to hear from him slightly earlier in the session this week.
As he knows, on each occasion, I follow up with the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office to ensure that our people in-country realise the importance of these matters to us in this place, and I thank him again on behalf of us all for raising them.
If freedom of the press means anything, it means the freedom to criticise and to oppose.
That freedom is in danger if we become the first democracy in the world to allow a foreign Government to buy a national newspaper and media organisation.
My right hon.
Friend the Leader of the House may be aware that the noble Baroness Stowell has tabled an amendment to the Digital Markets, Competition and Consumers Bill with cross-party support in the House of Lords to prevent that from happening.
Will the Government support or at least not oppose that amendment in the House of Lords?
Were it to come to the Commons, I certainly would support it, and I encourage all right hon.
and hon.
Members to do the same.
We must prize freedom of the press in this country, and that amendment is our opportunity to do so.
I agree with my right hon.
Friend.
Having a free press and a competitive media sector is a vital part of our democracy.
The Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport has an obligation to intervene in media transactions where there is a public interest to do so.
As my right hon.
Friend will understand—more than many—that is a statutory judicial process, so it would not be right for me to comment.
On his general point, however, he is absolutely right, and there was audible support from across this Chamber for the position that he outlined.
On  7 November  last year, I wrote to the then Secretary of State for Health and Social Care, seeking a meeting with me and a cross-party group of local MPs to discuss an issue of concern expressed by our constituents.
Following the reshuffle and having received no reply, in December I wrote again, to the new Secretary of State.
We have still not had a response, let alone the meeting that we sought.
With the NHS on its knees, I appreciate that the Health Secretary must have a full inbox, but does the Leader of the House agree that it is simply unacceptable that after almost four months, Members of this House are still waiting for a Minister to reply to our correspondence?
Guidelines are clear about the time- frame in which Departments need to respond to Members.
As the hon.
Lady knows, my office takes that very seriously.
We are involved in training the parliamentary clerks in Departments to ensure that they understand the obligations.
If she gives me further information, I will follow up on the matter of parliamentary correspondence.
I do not know the specifics of the issue that concerns the hon.
Lady and her colleagues, but she will know that many decisions are taken locally—I am sure, however, she has already spoken to her board and local commissioners.