If she gives me further information, I will follow up on the matter of parliamentary correspondence.
I do not know the specifics of the issue that concerns the hon.
Lady and her colleagues, but she will know that many decisions are taken locally—I am sure, however, she has already spoken to her board and local commissioners.
I will ensure that the Secretary of State has heard what she has said, and she can raise it with her directly in oral questions on  5 March .
The Leader of the House will be aware that the Barking, Havering and Redbridge University Hospitals NHS Trust operates the Queen’s Hospital in my constituency.
I praise the staff and the chief executive for all the work that they do to look after my constituents.
However, will the Leader of the House ask the Secretary of State for Health to make a statement about the situation in the accident and emergency unit.
Thirty per cent of patients are being seen within four hours, and yet the national average is 5%.
That is unacceptable.
Will she ask the Secretary of State to visit Queen’s Hospital with me to look at solutions and to discuss how we can serve the constituents of Romford better when it comes to the local hospital and NHS services in the London Borough of Havering?
I join my hon.
Friend in the praise that he heaps on his healthcare professionals, in particular at the Queen’s Hospital in his constituency.
He may be aware that the Secretary of State’s predecessor did a piece of work to ensure that we were able to compare the performance of different trusts and different hospitals across the whole UK, so that we can identify where more assistance is needed or whether there are issues with performance and so forth.
I will ensure that the Secretary of State hears what my hon.
Friend has said today.
Again, he may raise it directly with the Front-Bench team on  5 March  at Question Time.
For some time now, I have been in support of a safeguarded assisted dying law for mentally-competent terminally-ill adults with a life expectancy prognosis of six months.
I was not always of that opinion—I have had to go on a journey—but have concluded that the evidence is overwhelming that that would be a step in the right direction, and public opinion is now very much in favour of a change in the law.
I recognise that there are considerable concerns on the opposite side of the argument, but in the light of the news that the Isle of Man and Jersey are considering a change in the law, is it not time that we in this House have a fresh look at the matter, with a debate in Government time?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her work in that area.
She will know that if such matters came to the Floor of the House, it would be on a free vote basis—they are matters of conscience.
I very much understand the head of steam that is building behind both sides of the argument.
It has been a little while since we have had a debate on that matter.
She will know what options are open to her to secure a debate, be it an Adjournment debate or one secured through the Backbench Business Committee, but I will ensure that all relevant Departments have heard what she and other hon.
Members have said.
My right hon.
Friend will, like me, have constituents whose water is supplied by Southern Water.
After two weeks of obfuscation, reassurance and denial by the company that there has been any pollution incident at Fullerton wastewater works in my constituency, we heard from the Environment Agency yesterday that there has been a significant pollution incident of a level that would be hazardous to human health.