My constituent Marie took ill health retiral in 2010, only to later discover that she needed to wait until she was 66 for her state pension.
During that time she received no benefit support, after losing employment and support allowance.
She was not advised to apply for the personal independence payment, and she lost her home due to affordability issues.
She has been let down by the Department for Work and Pensions at every turn, with an increased pension age without notification, incorrect advice on benefits, and no guidance on qualifying years, leaving her with a reduced state pension.
What steps have the Government taken to make sure that the DWP gives everyone the correct advice and support they are entitled to, including national insurance contributions towards the state pension?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for raising this question.
Given that the Department’s questions are not until  18 March , I will make sure that the Secretary of State has heard his particular concerns and asks his officials to contact the hon.
Gentleman’s office.
My constituents have raised concerns with me about the number of potholes throughout Tamworth.
Some are being filled in, which is positive news, but many remain unfilled, and there is a broader need for resurfacing works on roads with higher volumes of traffic and those impacted by heavy goods vehicles.
What assessment have the Government made of the adequacy of the funding that has been provided to county councils to deal with our crumbling roads infrastructure?
The hon.
Lady will know that, in part because of the particularly bad weather we have recently had, there has been a considerable uplift in money given to local authorities to tackle precisely the types of issues that she raises.
Although that money was  not strictly ringfenced, we want to be assured it has been spent on those things correctly, and all local authorities are required to place in the public domain, I think on  15 March , what they have done with that money and what repairs they have carried out.
It is extremely important that that work is done.
We want to ensure that it is being done and has been done, and I am sure the hon.
Lady will be able to find out exactly what has been spent and on what.
The Leader of the House will have heard my challenge to Cabinet Office Ministers earlier about the worrying uncertainty swirling around the inspectorate for migration, immigration and borders after the sacking of David Neal, and it is disappointing that we have both not had a statement from the Home Office given the urgency of the situation and failed to get the urgent question I applied for on behalf of the Select Committee on Home Affairs.
The issue is not just the status of the 15 unpublished reports—some unpublished for a very long time—but uncertainty about the status of the inspectorate and whether it can carry on with its current work and reviews, let alone take up its scheduled reviews and address how they will be reported in future, until we have a new inspector, which could take at least six months.
Will the Leader of the House urgently get clarification from the Home Office about the working of this very important inspectorate on a very topical issue?
My hon.
Friend raises an important matter.
The Home Secretary will not be at the Dispatch Box for questions until  15 April .
I will raise this matter with the Home Secretary on behalf of my hon.
Friend and the Committee on which he serves and ask him to update the Committee and this House.
This weekend the first Romanian weekend school will open in my constituency in St Teresa’s primary school.
This will be the first Romanian supplemental school, adding to the weekend schools we have for the wide range of diasporas in and around my constituency.
While I am sure my right hon.