This weekend the first Romanian weekend school will open in my constituency in St Teresa’s primary school.
This will be the first Romanian supplemental school, adding to the weekend schools we have for the wide range of diasporas in and around my constituency.
While I am sure my right hon.
Friend will welcome this initiative, may we have a debate in Government time on how we can provide more opportunities for supplemental schools for the various diasporas in this country, given the challenges they face in trying to introduce these schools?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising the question and all who have enabled this school to be stood up.
I know he will want to get on record how important this is to diaspora communities.
He is an experienced parliamentarian and will know how to apply for a debate and the various options open to him.
I thank him for getting his praise for all involved on the record today.
May we have a debate in Government time on endangered species?
Given the party of Disraeli and Churchill is now the mainstream of new-right fanatics and conspiracy theorists, I am particularly concerned about the lesser-spotted one nation Tory.
My concern was reinforced last week when the former Prime Minister  the right hon.
Member for South West Norfolk (Elizabeth Truss)  told CPAC, the conservative political action conference, that  her party was full of CINOs, which means Conservatives in name only.
Who does the Leader of the House think she meant?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for the characteristically amusing way in which he has raised an important question.
He knows I have taken the matter of conspiracy theories very seriously as Leader of the House.
We have stood up new services in the Library so that hon.
Members can swiftly reassure their constituents on not just the facts of a particular matter but the origin of whatever they might have seen on social media, and very shortly, with the Speaker’s help, we will be launching some training for Members on dealing with this issue.
Those are the sorts of things we should all be focusing on.
Does the Leader of the House agree that far from being a major cause of climate change, Welsh farmers, such as Richard Jones from Brynsiencyn, are the guardians and protectors of the Welsh countryside?
Because of their dedication and hard work, Wales is as beautiful as it is and able to feed us.
May I thank my hon.
Friend for getting that on record?
The Welsh farming community have conducted themselves brilliantly in these difficult and uncertain times for their community and their futures.
We know they do an amazing job, and they should be proud of that.
Everyone in this place should be proud of that.
The plans of Labour’s Welsh Government are appalling and should be objected to in the strongest terms.
The Welsh farming community have been doing just that.
They have been standing up and fighting, and they deserve our support in doing so.