I have been very pleased to pilot a new programme called “red box”, devised by a fantastic young crack AI team, which summarises long documents and makes the work of my private office easier.
However, it is enhancing capability, not replacing it.
The Minister talked earlier about protecting our borders.
I am sure he will know that Dover Port Health Authority has seized worrying amounts of contaminated meat over the last few months, but in just the last few days, we have learned that the Government are withdrawing the funds that make it possible for the authority to do that.
Why are the Government ignoring the advice of experienced public health officials?
There is absolutely no question of ignoring the advice of experts.
Indeed, only yesterday I had relevant meetings to discuss adjacent matters.
As I said in an earlier answer, meat is circulating—particularly pork and chicken—that is not fit under either EU or UK rules, and we will continue to take steps to ensure that our borders are protected.
Sir Brian Langstaff recommended in April 2023 that before the publication of his final report, interim payments should be made to parents who had lost children, and to children who had lost parents.
Why is this Minister such a “computer says no” man?
I respectfully reject that characterisation.
As the hon.
Gentleman knows, the Government have spent £400 million of taxpayers’ money since October 2022.
The arrangements for the distribution of further compensation payments are obviously being considered at this point, and, as I said during the extensive exchange that opened this questions session, that work is continuing apace, so that I can produce a comprehensive response from the Government as soon as possible.
How does the Secretary of State expect the civil service to function effectively for the public if the Government go ahead with headcount cuts of up to 70,000, which aim   to return civil service numbers to pre-pandemic and pre-Brexit levels, and which will mean a huge loss of expertise and knowledge?
What discussions has he had with trade unions about these proposals?
I met several union leaders a few weeks ago.
On  2 October , the Chancellor announced that the civil service would be capped at the levels that were current at that time, which would save up to £1 billion against the trajectory that was then in place.
As of September 2023, there were 496,150 civil servants.
It is an important Government responsibility to ensure that we have the right number of civil servants performing effectively and efficiently in public service, and we will continue to work on that.[Official Report,  11 March 2024 , Vol.
747, c. 2MC.] (
Correction)
What discussions has the Minister had with charities back home in Northern Ireland, such as Beyond The Battlefield and SSAFA, about improving mental health support for veterans who served in Northern Ireland during the troubles?
I have extended this invitation in the past, and I extend it again now: will the Minister join me in visiting Portavogie to see the wonderful work of Beyond The Battlefield, which is conducting a project there?
We really want to see him there.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his kind invitation.
I would love to come, and I was in Northern Ireland a couple of weeks ago.
Health is clearly devolved, but I made it very clear that I want the same standard in Northern Ireland that we have achieved with Op Courage in England: a single, dedicated mental healthcare pathway for veterans, with 19,000 referrals in its first year.
Where were all these people going before that?
It is an incredible story.
I want to see that standard achieved in Northern Ireland, and we will keep working at it until we do.
May I ask my hon.
Friend what work is being done to ensure that the Government give value for money for the taxpayer when it comes to the Government estate?