Can the Leader of the House help to make sure that happens?
We have discussed these issues many times, but does the Leader of the House not agree that it is incumbent on all of us to be mindful of our language and conduct?
When we see racism, antisemitism or Islamophobia in our own ranks, we must take action, however difficult the consequences, and we must be clear in calling it out.
To that end, I hope she will take this opportunity to say what is very clear for all to see, that the comments of  the hon.
Member for Ashfield (Lee Anderson)  about the Mayor of London were racist and Islamophobic.
Does the Leader of the House agree that we need to uphold the highest standards of conduct towards one another, and that highly personalised and wrong-headed attacks by sections of the media, or by political parties, towards individual Members only fuel hatred, disdain and those who pose security threats?
We must strive to do better.
In an age of social media, the spread of misinformation, disinformation and deep fakes will shape the general election in ways that we cannot imagine, so will the Leader of the House update us on regulation and action to tackle it?
The Government watered down the Online Safety Act 2023 and took all of this out of scope, just when we needed it most.
Finally, ahead of next week’s Budget, I want to turn to the economy.
Last week, it became official: we are in recession.
Most people did not need the Office for National Statistics to tell them that, because they had been struggling with its reality for a long time.
Sitting beneath the headline figures was a record the Government do not want to admit: we have seen the biggest fall in living standards since records began—let us just let that sink in for a moment.
To emphasise that, GDP per capita has fallen for seven quarters in a row—that means families up and down the country have much less money to spend, the pounds in their pockets worth less.
This total crisis of living standards has the Prime Minister’s name written all over it.
He was the Chancellor, and now as Prime Minister he has failed.
He has failed to meet his own pledge to grow the economy, and he has failed each and every one of us.
To make matters worse, the Government seem unable to show any understanding or humility.
They repeat that their plan is working and that they have turned a corner, but we have not.
Alternatively, they blame others for their failure.
The Chief Secretary to the Treasury seems not to understand the numbers at all.
One Conservative Member blamed the weather and another blamed disabled people.
When asked about our failing economy at yesterday’s Prime Minister’s questions, the Prime Minister blamed Labour’s policies.
It is the Conservatives’ 14 years of decisions that have led us here and left Britain uniquely exposed, with austerity; political and economic instability; energy insecurity; and the kamikaze Budget sending mortgages and interest rates soaring.
After 14 years, people are worse off, taxes are higher, costs are higher and growth is stagnant, and there is nothing the Government can announce next week to change any of that.
First, let me add my voice to the many tributes that have been paid both to Lord Cormack and to Ronnie Campbell.
They were public servants who were thoughtful and committed, both to Parliament and to many other organisations and institutions.
I hope that those many tributes bring comfort to their loved ones.
I also join in the tribute the hon.
Lady paid to Dave Myers, one half of the Hairy Bikers.
He brought so much joy to so many people across our country and elsewhere.
The hon.
Lady asks me several questions, first about risk-based exclusion.