I met several union leaders a few weeks ago.
On  2 October , the Chancellor announced that the civil service would be capped at the levels that were current at that time, which would save up to £1 billion against the trajectory that was then in place.
As of September 2023, there were 496,150 civil servants.
It is an important Government responsibility to ensure that we have the right number of civil servants performing effectively and efficiently in public service, and we will continue to work on that.
One of the strengths of the Union of the United Kingdom is that we can choose different ways of doing things, often achieving the same outcomes and certainly sharing our objectives.
She will know this Government’s record in this area: we have 1 million fewer workless households and, based on recent figures, we have lifted more than 500,000 children out of poverty.
We all must work on these things, whatever particular systems cover our nations.
Resolved,
That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give directions that there be laid before this House a Return of the Report, entitled The Angiolini Inquiry Part 1 Report, dated  29 February 2024 .—(Mark Fletcher.)
The Minister for the Cabinet Office was asked—
What progress he has made on considering the recommendations of the second interim report of the infected blood inquiry.
What progress he has made on considering the recommendations of the second interim report of the infected blood inquiry.
What progress he has made on considering the recommendations of the second interim report of the infected blood inquiry.
What progress he has made on responding to the final recommendations on compensation by the infected blood inquiry.
What progress he has made on considering the recommendations of the second interim report of the infected blood inquiry.
The Government recognise the urgency of the issue and are committed to progressing the work as quickly as we can.
For that reason, we have appointed an expert group to advise the Cabinet Office on detailed technical considerations.
On Monday in the other place, the Government committed to bring forward  an amendment to the Victims and Prisoners Bill on Report, with the intention of speeding up the implementation of the Government’s response to the infected blood inquiry.
My constituent Mark Ward, a haemophiliac, contracted HIV after being given contaminated blood at the Royal Free Hospital.
He was 14.
He is now 54, and it is four and a half years since he gave evidence at the inquiry and a year since the initial recommendations came out.
It is a scandal, is it not, that the Government were forced to give in by a defeat in the other place?
Frankly, the Government have been complicit in people’s lives continuing to be lost.
How long before compensation will be paid?
What date should I give Mr Ward?
How many people’s lives will be lost while we wait for the Government to get into action?
There are 54 working days before the report is published on  Monday 20 May .
The Government have committed to respond to it within 25 sitting days, but I will do everything I can to bring forward as substantive a response as possible as soon as possible after that date.
My constituent Gerald Stone, a victim of the contaminated blood scandal, is 80 years old.
He is in and out of hospital and is having to take morphine for the insurmountable pain he suffers.
After bravely giving evidence to the public inquiry and the public seeing that story, his lifelong neighbours began to question whether it was safe to live on the same street as him and even went to the police.