The Government continue to take robust action to recover any misused funds.
As the right hon.
Gentleman will be aware, both criminal and civil proceedings are ongoing, so there are limited things I can say in respect of the allegations that he has made.
As the Secretary of State in the Cabinet Office and Deputy Prime Minister, my remit runs to many areas, but unfortunately not to the outcome of the grand national.
If it did, we could all win.
Dedicated people such as Kath Eastment of SSAFA, Piers Beeland from the Royal British Legion and the RAF Valley Padre Mike Hall work tirelessly to support veterans across Ynys Môn.
I am delighted that a veterans hub is to open at RAF Valley on Friday 22 March, which will give local veterans a place to meet and access support.
Will my right hon.
Friend extend his congratulations to the team responsible, and will he come to RAF Valley to visit the hub?
I would love to come to RAF Valley at some point.
I visited my hon.
Friend’s constituency before she was a Member; it is a beautiful part of the United Kingdom.
I pay tribute to everybody who works in this sector and who steps into the breach and works hard to ensure that those coming out of service with particular needs are supported, and that we look after them in the manner that I want to see.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
In response to the question from  the hon.
Member for Twickenham (Munira Wilson) , the Minister stressed the importance of Ministers being accountable to this House, particularly for breaches of the ministerial code, but neither the independent adviser on Ministers’ interests nor the Prime Minister are truly accountable to the House when it comes to the ministerial code—and the Foreign Secretary is not accountable to this House at all.
Trust is at an all-time low, and breaches of the ministerial code are rife.
When will the Government revise the code to include appropriate sanctions, so that Ministers can no longer break the code with impunity?
The Government continue to keep the ministerial code under review.
The Prime Minister of the day has to be able to determine who the Ministers will be in the Government that he leads on behalf of His Majesty.
That is an important constitutional principle, but the Prime Minister will not hesitate to take action if there have been inappropriate breaches.
On the accountability of the Foreign Secretary, discussions continue on the best way to ensure that this House holds him to account, in the same way that he is already accountable to, for example, Select Committees.
In July 2019, the Minister’s Department issued new guidance effectively outlawing gagging clauses across Government Departments.
Does the Department have any plans to extend that to local authorities?
I am sure that the Minister would, like me, be appalled that Labour-run Rossendale Borough Council has issued a gagging clause against its elected representatives, backed up by a threat of legal proceedings, because it wants to cover up a £12 million fraud, in which Labour councillors may have been complicit, and about which they certainly have questions to answer.
My right hon.
Friend rightly raises some very concerning allegations.
So-called gagging orders should not be used in that way, and I undertake to look into the matter on his behalf.
I have raised the subject of the pressures facing prison officers on a number of occasions.
Prison officers are part of the civil service pension scheme and must work until the age of 68 to retire on a full pension.
Does the Minister recognise that that is unrealistic, given the number of assaults on them and the pressures they face?