He brought so much joy to so many people across our country and elsewhere.
The hon.
Lady asks me several questions, first about risk-based exclusion.
I do not think she has quite processed the full extent of the consequences of what happened last week.
The Government gave time to this debate and we want it debated.
I am part of the Commission and I want it debated and resolved in this House.
Given the current climate and the concerns that hon.
Members have raised since the motion was tabled—there have been some serious questions, in particular from learned colleagues—there will be a better opportunity to debate this in the House, and I hope that will be soon.
I am not expecting the hon.
Lady to give us any credit at all, as that is not her job.
She did not welcome the figures on irregular migration that are out today, which show that our plan is working.
She will know that the Budget, which I announced in the business, will be very soon, and I am sure we can all see the progress that has been made and that the Chancellor will set that out in due course.
As for what the hon.
Lady says about intimidation, let me repeat what I said last week: this House will not, has not and must not bow to terrorism or intimidation.
We are experiencing a new form of an old story.
As well as those colleagues slain since 2016, there are others who were murdered and whose shields are on the walls of this Chamber, above the door.
There are Members who sit on these Benches who can recall being issued with mirrors to look under their cars in the morning.
We are facing a new form of that old threat.
It failed then and it is going to fail now, but while we focus on ending that threat, we must not lose sight of the good in our country and what we can all do to help this situation.
The hon.
Lady raises the issue of  the hon.
Member for Ashfield (Lee Anderson) .
I know she will want to hear one word from him, but yesterday he provided us with 1,000 words.
I read his piece in the Express and it is some distance from the view he expressed in the original interview.
I think what he wrote in the Express is his genuine view.
We might have to accept that those 1,000 words are the closest we will get to the one-word apology that others seek.
The hon.
Lady has understandably chosen to scold him; I would rather ask him to consider all the good he could do, whatever political hue he ends up being, in these particular times with the trust and following he has built up.
She asks what action the Government have taken to combat these issues; I point her to the work of the defending democracy taskforce, the work I have done in this place on combatting conspiracy theories and the new systems we have set up.
The shadow Leader of the House is right that we also need to reflect on our own behaviour.
I would ask her to consider on whose Benches Members sit who have suggested that we lynch a Government Minister, who have called hon.
Members “scum” or who have said
“I want to be in a situation where no Tory MP, no Tory MP, no coalition minister, can travel anywhere in the country, or show their face anywhere in public, without being challenged”.
Which party’s actions have made it more likely that an antisemite will be sworn into this House next week?
Which party last week trashed the understanding and foundation of trust upon which this place needs to operate? [
Interruption.]
The hon.
Lady rolls her eyes.
I would ask her to consider what she could do to rectify that situation.