My right hon.
Friend will, like me, have constituents whose water is supplied by Southern Water.
After two weeks of obfuscation, reassurance and denial by the company that there has been any pollution incident at Fullerton wastewater works in my constituency, we heard from the Environment Agency yesterday that there has been a significant pollution incident of a level that would be hazardous to human health.
Will she help me by providing Government time for a debate about whether Southern Water remains a fit and proper company to be managing water resources in our region?
She will know as well as I do that it is not simply wastewater that it cannot cope with; it is not any good at supplying drinking water either.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for leaving the House in no doubt about her frustration and disappointment about the situation with Southern Water.
I have experienced similar feelings towards that company.
What is particularly disappointing in this episode affecting her constituents is that although massive progress has been made in monitoring storm overflows—we have gone from just 6% being monitored to almost 100%—the quality of that monitoring is critical, and the assurances that she had been given about what was happening and about the type of water being expelled into a river have turned out not to be correct.
There are questions for Southern Water and the Environment Agency.
I will ensure that the Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs has heard what she has said, and will ask his officials to get in contact with her office.
We need a fresh statement on the infected blood scandal.
My constituent Sue Sparkes was in the House yesterday.
She was widowed at the age of 31 when her husband, Les, passed away in 1991 having contracted hepatitis C and HIV from infected blood.
The Leader of the House mentioned a “moral compass” in her statement.
May I remind her that Members from across this House showed their moral compass when, for the only time in this Parliament, they defeated the Government on this issue?
That is why the Government have made the statements that they have—but they are still not paying the full and fair compensation that has been called for by Sir Brian Langstaff.
When will the Government make a statement on the compensation, and will the Budget indicate that it will happen immediately?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for raising that question, and I thank all the directly affected people, and those supporting them and the various campaign groups, who took the time to visit Parliament  yesterday.
I think that we have done the right thing in gripping this issue through the inquiries that we have set up and the compensation study.
The hon.
Gentleman will know of my interest in this area.
I assure him that I get regular updates from the Paymaster General, and I do not think it will be too long before he will be able to come to the House to make further announcements—he is making progress.
This is the final stage of the process; it is the most difficult.
I know that the Paymaster General is determined to deliver the right outcome for all those infected and affected by that appalling scandal.
The emotional aftermath and devastated lives that are left after violent knife crime have been highlighted in a recent, very powerful documentary titled “Grief”, produced locally in the west midlands by the Express and Star.
It is a really poignant reminder of the call for action and awareness, and features the brave stories of two grieving families—two sets of parents, including one from my constituency.
I know that the Home Secretary takes this issue very seriously, but can my right hon.
Friend provide us with an update on when legislation will be brought forward to deliver a ban on machetes and zombie-style knives?
I thank my right hon.