We will return to our normal business questions exchanges of course, but at the core of our work as MPs is that all Members and parties must be treated fairly, and seen to be treated fairly.
For as long as Scotland sends MPs here, we will expect and demand that.
No one party can be allowed to change the rules by bullying.
There is not a great deal that the Leader of the House and I agree on, but I know that on this we do.
What use can she make of her offices to ensure that we never find ourselves in that sorry procedural mess again, and can she tell us when the replacement SNP Opposition day will be?
Finally, after the giant lobby of Parliament by campaigners yesterday, I must again raise the Government’s repeated delays in delivering full and fair compensation to those infected and affected by the contaminated blood scandal.
I know that the Leader of the House recognises the fully justified depth of anger about this.
Can she tell us what progress has been made ahead of the Budget to set up the structures of the compensation scheme transparently and in consultation with victims and their families, so that it is ready to start allocating funds at the earliest opportunity?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her question, and I understand why people will have to wait for normal combat to be resumed between us.
I disagree with one thing that she, and other hon.
Members, have said: that this Chamber, and Westminster collectively, did not cover itself in glory last week.
I think that the issue has been about the actions of particular individuals and what they have done.
Many Members of this House did a good thing last week by standing up to protect the rights, the foundation and the rulebook that we operate on.
With regard to those who were caught up in something else, many Members have recognised that that was the wrong thing to do, and that we need to address that.
The Government will give the SNP more time to have the debates that it ought to have.
I understand that you, Mr Speaker, have commissioned the Procedure Committee to look at the particular procedural issues that happened last week.
I understand that the scope of that work is narrow, so it should be done swiftly.
I hope that it will be concluded before the SNP has its next debate, so that it can have confidence in how that debate will run.
On the hon.
Lady’s final, very important point, we have just heard from the Paymaster General, who is leading on the issue of infected blood on behalf of the Government.
She is right that I have very strong views about this, but they are shared by the Paymaster General and all those on the Government Benches.
That is why we set up the inquiry, and why we set up the compensation study to run concurrently with it, so that we would not have to wait any longer before people got proper redress.
I know that the Paymaster General is working on this very swiftly.
He updates me on a regular basis, and we will keep the House informed.
On the first anniversary of the coming into force of the Marriage and Civil Partnership (Minimum Age) Act 2022, I am very concerned to learn that child marriages are still taking place, and that those with safeguarding responsibilities are failing to prosecute.
It is my understanding that the relevant authorities are failing to interpret the law correctly,  particularly in relation to marriages taking place overseas.
Can we have a statement on what further education is required as a matter of urgency, so that all those with safeguarding responsibilities have the necessary knowledge and skills to protect children?
I thank my hon.
Friend for all her work in this area.
She has been an absolute force for good.