I remember very well the horsemeat scandal that arose, and I do not want to see anything like that occur again.
I would just point out that an outbreak of African swine fever would be a fundamental threat to the viability of our pig industry.
Foot and mouth cost British businesses £12.8 billion, at 2022 prices, in 2001.
The cost of ash dieback is forecast to be £15 billion to the UK.
I think we need to take seriously the need to protect our borders and the need to check these medium to high-risk products, and that is what this Government will responsibly do.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
Have the Government made any assessment of the additional cost to SMEs of these changes—the red tape they have had and will have to wrangle with—and how many businesses will go under as a result?
We are not expecting businesses to go under as a result of this, but I refer the hon.
Lady to the answer I just gave: it is vital that we protect our borders.
The reality is that there are risks to public health from food and we need to make sure that we are not cavalier about these checks.
It is vital that we protect our borders and protect the public, and that is what we are going to do.
We are continuing to engage with businesses, we expect there to be very few problems, and we will work our way through.
There is no question of being cavalier: we have been working very carefully to consult stakeholders and make sure there have not been great problems.
indicated dissent.
The hon.
Lady shakes her head, but I just point out that the  31 January  deadline for export health certificates passed by and there were not the problems that were forecast.
How many applications have been made for HM armed forces veteran cards by military veterans living in Devon and Cornwall.
The Office for Veterans’ Affairs and the Ministry of Defence launched a new service in January to allow veterans to apply for their cards.
Since then, 1,259 veterans have applied from Cornwall and 2,793 from Devon.
I thank the Minister, my fellow Devon MP, for his answer.
It is very encouraging to have had positive feedback from veterans in Torbay about the simplicity of applying online, but one question comes to mind: what work is being done with local authorities that encounter veterans through services such as housing to encourage them to apply online or make an application if they have not done so?
That is a good question and I cannot emphasise this point enough.
Obviously, this is my responsibility as the veterans Minister, but it is also the nation’s duty to look after these people.
We need local authorities to understand what is available to look after these people.
We have armed forces champions in local authorities now and I want to see that role taken seriously.
There are multiple pathways specifically for veterans through health, housing, employment and a  number of other topics, but clearly it is incumbent on all of us in public life to understand what is available for veterans so that when we find one in need, they get the world-class help they deserve.
What recent estimate he has made of the cost to the public purse of procurement fraud during the covid-19 pandemic.
What recent estimate he has made of the cost to the public purse of procurement fraud during the covid-19 pandemic.
The Government’s “Cross-Government Fraud Landscape Annual Report 2022” includes data from the first year of the Government’s response to the pandemic.
The report suggests that in 2020-21, Government Departments and arm’s length bodies reported a total of £124.6 million of detected procurement fraud.
The same report showed that at the end of March 2021, some £88.2 million of fraud and error had been recovered within covid-19 schemes.