The fact of the matter is that this Government took it seriously during the pandemic.
The Department of Health and Social Care realised the risk of fraud early on, and the Government established a counter-fraud team to counter that threat.
We are using all the legal tools at our disposal to get taxpayers’ money back.
The House should be in no doubt that the Government’s speed of action during the crisis enabled many lives to be saved and for the country to overcome the covid-19 crisis.
What steps he is taking to support veterans with the cost of living.
What steps he is taking to support veterans with the cost of living.
The Government have successfully reduced inflation by more than half, which will make the cost of living more affordable for veterans along with every other resident in the United Kingdom.
We are also getting support directly to those who need it with the £104 billion cost of living package, worth an average of £3,700 a household.
In addition, the Government are providing £33 million over three years to better support veterans.
My constituents in Gower, and especially my veterans, want to know whether the Minister for Veterans’ Affairs stands by his comments that food bank usage is a personal choice.
It is important in this place that we do not misrepresent what other Members say.
I very clearly said that service personnel who receive subsidised accommodation should not be using food banks.
There is no requirement for them to do it, and that is not appropriate.
That is what I have said.
I have obviously never said that food banks are a personal choice.
This is a real opportunity to come here and ask me any questions at all about veterans’ affairs.
I suggest we try to raise the debate and actually improve their lives.
With tens of thousands of veterans across the UK forced to rely on universal credit to get by, what is the Minister doing to help veterans in Swansea East and right across the country who are in receipt of universal credit to cope with the increased cost of living caused by this Government’s economic failings?
I spend my entire life visiting veterans who consistently raise with me the help that they get.
There are plenty of places for them to go to, whether it is the Royal British Legion or others, that have specific grants.
On top of that, the Government have put in an enormous package of help for citizens across the United Kingdom of £104 billion.
That is £3,700 a household, and that is just for the cost of living.
It is an incredibly difficult time for lots of people across the United Kingdom, but I am comfortable that the Government are doing all we can, and we stand ready to do more.
What assessment his Department has made of trends in the diversity of appointments to the House of Lords.
Since 2010, female representation has risen to 29.1% and ethnic minority representation had risen by November 2021—those are the latest verified figures I have—to 6.6%.
That is good progress, but can the Minister explain why her right hon.
Friend  the Member for South West Norfolk (Elizabeth Truss) —Liz of the 50-day reign—was allowed to award her mates for their part in her failure with jobs for life in the legislature?
Is she proud of that?
It is a long-standing tradition that anybody who reaches the height of Prime Minister—irrespective of which party that is for—has a resignation list.
The former Prime Minister has appointed accomplished people, and I am quite sure that they will contribute significantly to the other House.
Whether he has had recent discussions with Cabinet colleagues on the potential impact of the publication of the resignation honours list of the right hon.
Member for South West Norfolk on public trust in (a) politicians and (b) political institutions.