I thank my hon.
Friend for all her work in this area.
She has been an absolute force for good.
We would not have brought forward that legislation without her great efforts.
She is right that we want to ensure that people—particularly those with safeguarding responsibilities—are taking this issue seriously.
She will also know that a private Member’s Bill is looking at the responsibilities of statutory authorities in this regard.
I will make sure that the Department has heard the hon.
Lady’s concerns on this matter, and I am sure that, given her reputation, they will be listened to.
I thank the Leader of the House for our meeting yesterday and for the business statement confirming the timing of the estimates debates for  Thursday 14 March .
Let me inform the House that applications for those debates must be with the Clerk of the Committee by lunch time on Monday, so we do not have much time to sort this out—so, that is this coming  Monday, 4 March , at lunch time.
The applications will be before the Committee on Tuesday afternoon at our normal meeting.
May I let the Leader of the House know that I have now received a letter from the Procedure Committee regarding the proposal to change the timings of debates in Westminster Hall?
I am hopeful that she will have that imminently.
May I add my penn’orth in memory of my friend, Ronnie Campbell?
I have been a Member of this House for only 14 years, but I knew Ronnie for more than 40 years.
I will be at his funeral in Blyth tomorrow and will certainly pass on the best wishes of the Members of this House to his wife, Deirdre, and sons when I see them.
I thank the hon.
Member for delivering our messages at Ronnie’s funeral tomorrow.
I also thank him for the helpful advert for the work of his Committee.
He will know that we are keen to ensure that the new innovation in the sitting hours of Westminster Hall can be brought into effect and he has my commitment to that.
I will also ensure that we are giving him good notice on future timings for his Committee.
I am very conscious, as we discussed yesterday, that debates have been moved for understandable reasons—for example the debate on coalmining communities was moved because of important matters relating to Northern Ireland—and we want to ensure that there is time for those matters to be heard.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, for hosting a dinner for OnSide in your apartments this week.
That made me think that it is high time that we had a debate in this House about the contribution that youth zones make to east Lancashire.
The centre of that debate, Mr Speaker, will be not the Chorley youth zone, as fine as it is, but the brand-new youth zone that is about to be built in Darwen.
The £3.3 million project to help all our young people is supported by this Government as part of our £120 million town deal to transform Darwen.
May I congratulate my right hon.
Friend on another success that he has had with his wish list for his constituents?
I congratulate everyone involved in that project.
These are vital community facilities, and we all send our congratulations and good wishes for this latest project in this area.
I thank the Leader of the House for an opportunity to raise this question on freedom of religion or belief.
The all-party parliamentary group for international freedom of religion or belief, which I chair, visited Tunisia last May to highlight some of the issues that are relevant to our all-party group.
On Sunday past, a mob in Tunisia burned a synagogue in the city of Sfax.
Thankfully no one was injured.