Those that we have held on to are  those that service the battlegroup in Estonia and the very high readiness armoured battlegroup.
Similarly, we have been generous with our ammunition stocks, while retaining those that we need for our very high readiness forces.
More than that, we have catalysed the production of 155 mm ammunition in the UK, and even further, we have been buying up as much 152 mm and 122 mm ammunition around the world as we possibly can.
The UK’s contribution to the Ukrainian artillery fight is not confined to what we have in our own ammunition stockpiles; it is much, much bigger, and amounts to hundreds of thousands of rounds.
To paraphrase a former Member, the Government’s response has been weighed in the balance and found wanting.
Given the Czech Republic’s profound donations of artillery and shells, on top of the Danish donation, as well as a commitment of over 1 million shells from the EU, I hope the Minister can come to the Dispatch Box and correct the balance.
Can he advise the House on how much of this new investment, which is welcome, is in tactical armaments and artillery?
The overseas ammunition acquisition plan from previous years remains broadly as it was, which amounts to about 300,000 rounds bought on international markets and provided to Ukraine.
The 155 mm manufacture acceleration is subject to a different funding package that the Secretary of State and his Ukrainian counterpart have been working on.
It is important to note that the £200 million additional money from last year to this is focused on the provision of drones, and those tactical drones are proving to be most significant, in terms of their impact in the battle space.
What steps he is taking to increase the size of the Army.
The latest figure for the full-time strength of the Army is 73,520.
The Army is continuing to work towards its “Future Soldier” structure of 73,000 regular and 30,000 reserve personnel.
There are no plans to change this.
The good news is that provisional figures suggest that January had the highest number of Army applications for six years.
Media reports have suggested that white men have been actively discriminated against in recruitment, and that security checks may be relaxed due to promoting ethnic diversity within the Army.
A number of senior military figures have purportedly warned that the pervasiveness of woke ideology being pushed on to the armed forces is a real and present threat to national security, and will give aid and comfort to the King’s enemies.
Will the planned review of diversity policies seek to address those concerns?
I am grateful for the hon.
Gentleman’s remarks, but I do not recognise the situation that he describes.
We take security extremely seriously and ensure that all personnel have security clearance appropriate to their job.
Checks normally require at least three years’  UK residency, but Commonwealth candidates are permitted to accrue qualifying residency while serving, although they cannot take up roles and ranks that require higher levels of vetting.
This policy has been in place for several years, and it has not changed.
Figures in The Times last month showed that the British Army will shrink to as small as 67,000 by 2026 due to the crisis in recruitment and retention.
As threats to the UK increase, will the Minister finally commit to halting the cuts that he continues to make to the Army?
The Government are sticking to 73,000 regular and 30,000 reserved personnel, as I said earlier.
Those figures are in “Future Soldier”, published in 2021, and they remain unchanged.
What steps his Department is taking to assist in the provision of humanitarian aid to Gaza.
The Ministry of Defence continues to stand ready to support the effort, led by the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office, to pursue land, air and maritime routes to deliver urgently needed humanitarian aid.