Interruption.]
Labour Members do not like hearing this, but they have absolutely no plan on the economy.
We have been clear about our plan, and it is starting to bear fruit with wages, with cutting taxes for working people starting in January, with higher business investment as a result of our full expensing in the autumn statement.
The shadow Chancellor does not have to take it from me; the Office for Budget Responsibility said that the two fiscal events in 2023—the Budget and the autumn statement—would represent the largest increase to GDP that it has ever scored.
What I say to her and the House is this: our plan is working; stick with the plan and do not throw it away with the Opposition.
It is good news that unemployment has stayed low by European standards, and the economy is still generating plenty of job vacancies.
Will the Government take more steps to help more people into those jobs, so that we can get faster growth, bring down the benefit bill and boost their incomes?
The whole House knows that my right hon.
Friend is somewhat of an expert on matters relating to the economy.
To answer his point specifically, the national  insurance tax cut was scored at the last fiscal event—the autumn statement—as significantly increasing the number of people in work.
Although I will not speculate on fiscal events, that point has been very much noted by me and the whole Treasury.
I call the Scottish National party spokesperson.
The Minister spoke about resilience, but the fourth quarter contraction in the economy was the biggest quarterly fall since early 2021 at the height of the covid pandemic, so I am not sure he is quite right about resilience.
He also spoke about growth, but the Government told us in November that growth is not forecast to exceed 2% in any year in the forecast period.
How modest the Minister’s ambitions are.
National debt is still approaching 100% of GDP—£3 trillion.
The consequences of Brexit are suppressing growth, and that poses a challenge to the UK Government’s fiscal targets.
Although it is welcome that inflation has fallen, prices remain high.
Prices are not falling; they are simply going up slightly less steeply than they were a month or two ago.
It is obvious that what the economy needs is growth, and the investment to generate that growth, but given that business investment, according to the Government, is forecast down this year by 5.6%, private dwelling investment is forecast down this year by 6%, and flat at 0% next year, and general Government investment is forecast down in ’25, ’26, ’27 and ’28, where will the investment for growth come from?
I deeply respect the right hon.
Gentleman, and I will take his points one by one.
On resilience, the way we get resilience for ordinary people and for households is to ensure that real household incomes increase.
Since 2010, they are up 12%.
We are trying to increase business resilience with our full expensing regime, which is revolutionary in the advanced world.
Full expensing will enable more businesses to invest and will deal with the chronic weakness of the British economy, which is weak investment.
That is why we are doing that.
The right hon.
Gentleman mentioned growth.
Growth is not as high as we would like, and that is the case across the whole of Europe and the whole of the industrialised world.
That is why the Chancellor in the last fiscal event put in place 110 growth measures.
We have a plan for growth over the long term, and we will deliver it.
The right hon.
Gentleman mentioned debt.
To repeat the point I made to the shadow Chancellor, debt is falling in the fifth year of the forecast according to our fiscal rule, which excludes the Bank of England.
That is not just the fiscal rule now; it has always been the fiscal rule.
The right hon.