When we are talking about people at the bottom end of the income scale, it is important to note that those on the full-time national living wage—which we will be increasing by the largest ever amount in April this year—will be 30% better off than they were in 2010.
News that the UK is officially in recession comes as no surprise to my constituents, who have been battered by this Tory cost of living crisis.
Food inflation is still double the headline rate of inflation, and that is not only affecting the price of the weekly shop but having a hugely negative effect on my local pub and hospitality sector, with many businesses on the brink.
Instead of their fantasyland spinning that everything is going fine, what measures will the Government introduce to bring food inflation down?
As I have said many times this afternoon, inflation is a target for this Government: we aim to ensure that we continue to bring it down, and indeed we expect it to get to 2% in the coming months.
In relation to food inflation specifically, at the last fiscal event we introduced full expensing, which will enable food manufacturers, supermarkets and others to increase their investment hugely, because it completely nets off against their tax—100% of the cost of their investment is netted off.
The impact will be increased investment that will reduce their costs and reduce the cost of food in our shops.
That is one of many measures that we are introducing to reduce food inflation.
The Prime Minister said he was going to grow the economy and he has obviously failed: we are now in recession.
In my constituency, families and small businesses are under severe pressure.
Can the Minister possibly explain how he is going to address these very serious problems?
All I would say to the hon.
Gentleman is that we are in a very challenging international context and we have performed better than the international forecasts.
We had high inflation, which really bedevilled this economy a couple of years ago, but we have more than halved it.
We have a plan to grow our way out of this, as was shown by the last fiscal event, where we  unveiled, I think, 110 growth measures.
That is our plan.
The Labour Opposition do not have a plan.
If this country sticks with our plan, we will grow our economy significantly over the coming months and years.
The Minister keeps trying to hide behind the war in Ukraine and the impact of the pandemic, but the reality is that those are affecting every country in the world.
Would he not admit that the exacerbating factor—the thing that has led most to economic decline, to massive labour shortages and to rampant inflation here in the UK—is Brexit?
No, I would not.
The economy is in recession and the consequences for the public finances are not the fault of those people infected and affected through the contaminated blood scandal, the largest treatment disaster in the NHS.
I was hoping to ask the Chancellor this question, but can the Minister confirm whether money has already been ringfenced to pay compensation to those people, as set out in the final recommendations on compensation by Sir Brian Langstaff in April 2023?
I believe that the right hon.
Lady asked a similar question of the Chancellor at the last Treasury questions, and the Chancellor responded by saying that he was absolutely clear about the need to compensate people in the way that she has described.
He will update the House in due course and indeed update her with further details in response to her question.
The Prime Minister has failed to get growth and industry has completely lost confidence in this Government.