The following Member made and subscribed the Affirmation required by law:
Genevieve Victoria Kitchen, for Wellingborough.
The following Member took and subscribed the Oath required by law:
Damien James Egan, for Kingswood.
I understand that  the hon.
Member for Romford (Andrew Rosindell)  wishes to take the Oath to the King.
The following Member took and subscribed the Oath:
Andrew Richard Rosindell, for Romford.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What assessment his Department has made of the potential merits of participating in further EU permanent structured co-operation projects.
The Department’s priority is to finalise entry into the permanent structured co-operation military mobility project before considering involvement in other projects.
However, we assess that the EU’s standard “third country” terms for PESCO projects involving procurement or capability development will continue to impose significant constraint on UK involvement.
I appreciate that the UK Government’s attitude to PESCO is to take each project on a case-by-case basis, but may I suggest that publishing criteria for that case-by-case assessment would be useful?
It is obvious to the dogs in the street that PESCO will evolve at light-speed, and the UK risks missing out on a lot of important co-operation that could be beneficial.
Will the Minister publish that guidance?
Otherwise, I will be tabling 68 parliamentary questions to cover each of the 68 PESCO mechanisms.
I note the hon.
Gentleman’s suggestion, and I fear that my answer will give him encouragement to table the 68 questions, because it is right that we consider each opportunity in PESCO on its merits.
PESCO is a vehicle for increasing military mobility around the continent.
Non-EU NATO partners support that fully, and the UK is among them, but industrial or technological co-operation will not always be in the UK’s interest, or in the interest of UK industry, so it is right that we consider these things case by case.
What steps he has taken to increase military support for Ukraine.
During his visit to Ukraine on  12 January , the Prime Minister signed an historic UK-Ukraine agreement on security co-operation with President Zelensky, illustrating our long-term commitment to supporting Ukraine.
The Prime Minister announced that the UK will provide £2.5 billion in military aid to Ukraine in 2024-25—a £200 million increase on the previous two years—to cover rapid procurement and gifting of equipment, development of international capability coalitions, and training through Operation Interflex.
I thank the Minister for that response.
There is clearly widespread support in this House and the country for helping Ukraine to resist Russian aggression, but there are concerns, given that President Zelensky has recently identified a shortage of arms and ammunition, particularly in the light of the impasse in the US Congress.
What discussions has the Minister had with his counterparts in the EU and other European nations about helping to bridge the gap in the short term, and on how we will deal with it if, in the longer term, the election of President Trump reduces NATO spending in general, and its spending on Ukraine in particular?
Of course, we are aware of the scepticism among Republican presidential candidates and in the US Congress about funding for Ukraine.
That is why UK Ministers—the Foreign Secretary, the Secretary of State for Defence, the Prime Minister and I —have been in Washington to make the case for the US continuing to support Ukraine, no matter the outcome of the election.
Second-guessing the outcome of the US electoral system is probably not sensible, but notwithstanding the fantastic efforts, led by Prime Minister Kallas of Estonia, to increase the manufacturing of ammunition in particular, it is clear that European manufacturing capacity is not yet at even half the target set.
That should be cause for all of us to consider how we might urgently ramp up manufacturing if the worst comes to the worst.
I call the Chair of the Defence Committee.
Ukraine can win the war, and must win the war.