That is a very good question.
The distinction is between the Cabinet Office social value rules, which are applied across Government and are irrespective, and the rules that the Ministry of Defence applies to our procurement.
There was discussion of the new medium helicopter  earlier, for example.
When that comes out, as I hope it will soon, we will be clear that we are looking to incentivise a strong commitment to the UK industrial base.
The MOD recently published the findings of the inquiry into the fatal accident involving a Scimitar fighting vehicle on Salisbury plain, in which a young soldier tragically lost his life.
One of my constituents was a witness to the accident, which has inevitably had a profound impact on him.
The Government have said that they do not plan to make a formal response to the inquiry report, which is a harrowing read, but they have accepted all 52 recommendations.
Does the Minister not think that the report requires a full and formal response from the Government, with a detailed action plan for adopting the 52 recommendations, given the seriousness of the incident and the wider implications—
Order.
Please, just remember that this is topical questions and I have to get other Members in.
Very simply, I read that report and, as the hon.
Lady has rightly pointed out, accepted all of its findings.
We do not usually take it further, but I will certainly be happy to take a look at the case she has raised.
On the subject of recruitment and retention, on  7 November  the Chief of the General Staff, Patrick Sanders—arguably the best general of his generation—told the Defence Committee:
“We are taking 400 soldiers out of the field army to put them alongside recruiters, because—guess what?—it takes a soldier to recruit a soldier.”
Never was a truer word spoken.
So when are we finally going to sack Capita?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his question—I knew he would get Capita in there somewhere.
He will be familiar with the Engage to Recruit programme, which is currently underway and having some success in getting soldiers to recruit soldiers.
That is probably why, as I touched on in my earlier answer, we are now seeing some extremely promising recruiting figures, including in January—the best figures for six years.
So far, Israel has ignored international appeals to not indiscriminately attack civilians and not take steps that are basically razing Gaza to the ground.
It now looks as though it is going to ignore international opinion about entering Rafah, so has the time not now come for us to consider not selling to Israel arms that can be used in those totally unacceptable ways?
Arms deals and export licences are dealt with in the normal way, but the hon.
Member will be interested to hear that actually, not many arms sales take place in the direction of Israel at all.
Off the top of my head, I think it was just £42 million last year, and that was mostly for protective equipment.
Late last year, diesel got into the water supply at the Trenchard Lines camp near Upavon in my constituency.
I commend the resilience  of the families who live there, and also of the MOD, which acted very quickly to ensure that there was a temporary supply of water.
Those families are still living on that temporary supply, so can the Minister assure me that attention is being given to sorting out this problem and ensuring a permanent supply of clean water?
I am very grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising this matter—he is a champion of the defence community in his constituency, and I thank him for his early engagement on it.