I am sure my hon.
Friend will join me in welcoming that transformation.
Local service personnel routinely cite issues in service accommodation as a barrier to recruitment and retention, so I was disappointed to hear that the Government have  no plans to improve the quality of the nearly 900 single-living accommodation bed spaces in my constituency at Chicksands that currently fall into the lowest grades.
Will the Minister commit to revisiting that decision to ensure we do right by all service personnel serving on the base before it closes?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to highlight the importance of service accommodation.
He will be aware of the huge Government investment to improve the quality of both service-family accommodation and single-living accommodation.
Our people deserve the best.
It is public knowledge that they have not had the best for some considerable time, but we are committed to remedying that for his constituents.
Does the Minister not wake up in the morning sometimes and want to check in on reality?
We have had seven Secretaries of State for Defence since 2010 and absolute turmoil in our armed forces.
Why would people join the British Army when this Government have run us down to 72,000 serving personnel?
I campaigned when the number went below 100,000!
The Minister should wake up and invest in the defence of our country in a troubled world.
Those are interesting reflections.
I suggest the hon.
Gentleman has a word with the shadow Ministers on his Front Bench, particularly the shadow Chancellor who, to date, has failed to commit to the level of spending on the defence of this country to which the Government are completely committed.
The rise of so-called “woke” culture has been infecting our society for many years and it should be unsurprising that it is now infecting our military.
Does the Minister think that the rise of “woke” makes it easier or more difficult to recruit the right sort of people into our armed forces?
I completely reject the premise of the hon.
Gentleman’s question.
If he is talking about increasing the number of women in our armed forces, Lord Etherton’s review into LGBT personnel in our armed forces historically, or our ambition to make our armed forces more reflective of the society from which they are drawn and that they serve, then I am guilty as charged.
The Minister and others will be aware that recruitment across Northern Ireland to the Army, the Royal Air Force and the Royal Navy has always been exceptional.
However, the number of personnel in Territorial Army regiments is set at a figure that those regiments cannot go above.
Will the Minister look at increasing the number of TA soldiers to ensure that recruitment in Northern Ireland can exceed the current numbers?
I pay tribute to the people of Northern Ireland who, as the hon.
Gentleman says, have disproportionately contributed to the defence of our country.
He will know that we are committed to growing our reserve forces across the United Kingdom.
I call the shadow Minister.
We have 24,000 fewer troops, 4,000 fewer sailors, 200 fewer aircraft and the removal of one in five ships.
The Conservatives have failed our armed forces over the past 14 years, missing their recruitment target every year since taking power in 2010 and hollowing out our military.
Does the Minister honestly believe that he can look the public in the eye and claim that five more years will fix the mess that they have created, or is it time for a fresh start?
Oh, I think the hon.
Gentleman knows what I am going to say in response to his question, and that is to invite him to have a conversation with the shadow Chancellor to see whether she will commit to the same level of spending on defence that this Government are committed to and, indeed, are spending right now.