Like the Defence Secretary, the Leader of the Opposition and I were in Munich at the weekend, and the urgency of the need for more help for Ukraine ran through every discussion.
Everyone was also profoundly moved  by the words of Yulia Navalnaya, speaking even after the news of her husband’s death at Putin’s hands.
This is the brutality that the Ukrainians are fighting, and this is why UK support must not falter.
We strongly back last month’s UK-Ukraine security agreement, which the Defence Secretary has described as “a 100-year alliance”.
Will the Government take the necessary next step and provide an implementation plan for this year and future years, to ensure that Ukraine receives the help that it needs now and for tomorrow?
While I am grateful for the history lesson on what was spent under the last Labour Government, the commitment to match our spending in a future Government was conspicuously absent from the right hon.
Gentleman’s question.
However, let me return to the collegiate spirit in which Defence questions are normally conducted.
I absolutely agree that what the Secretary of State set out in his speech about the partnership with Ukraine requires a strategic approach, with very long horizons set for what our co-operation, both industrial and military, could look like.
Long horizons are fine, but Ukraine needs more help now.
I am concerned about the £2.5 billion for Ukraine that was announced last month and described by the Prime Minister as
“the biggest single package of defence aid to Ukraine since the war began”.—[Official Report,  15 January 2024 ; Vol.
743, c. 578.]
The Minister has said much the same today.
In response to a question from me last week, however, he would not rule out using that money to cover the UK’s operational costs at NATO bases.
Will he rule that out today?
Will he confirm today that every penny and every pound of the £2.5 billion for Ukraine will go to Ukraine?
I fear that the right hon.
Gentleman has missed something over the last two years.
The £2.3 billion that the Government have provided for operations to support Ukraine has always included not just the gifting in kind that takes the headlines, but Operation Interflex and other avenues through which we support the Ukrainians.
The fact is that next year’s spending and that of the year after will match exactly what we did in previous years, in terms of the breadth of that contribution.
It is also true that the long-term strategic alliance that the Secretary of State set out and the commitment year on year to spend more than any other European ally are not mutually exclusive; we are doing both.
I call the Scottish National party spokesperson.
On  17 February , at the Munich conference, Prime Minister Frederiksen of the Kingdom of Denmark said:
“If you ask Ukrainians, they are asking for ammunition now, artillery now.
From the Danish side, we decided to donate our entire artillery.”
Does the Minister not agree that allies should be a little more like Denmark when it comes to recognising the consequences of not meeting Ukraine’s needs?
We are full of admiration for our Danish colleagues, but the reality is that the UK has provided almost its entire heavy artillery capability, in terms of AS-90s.
Those that we have held on to are  those that service the battlegroup in Estonia and the very high readiness armoured battlegroup.
Similarly, we have been generous with our ammunition stocks, while retaining those that we need for our very high readiness forces.
More than that, we have catalysed the production of 155 mm ammunition in the UK, and even further, we have been buying up as much 152 mm and 122 mm ammunition around the world as we possibly can.