Everything that I had intended to say in response to the hon.
Gentleman was covered in response to the supplementaries to Question 2.
Why was it not grouped then?
Lord Ismay said of NATO that it existed, among other things,
“to keep the Soviet Union out”
and “the Americans in”.
The Foreign Secretary was misunderstood on a recent visit to the United States when he proposed that Congress should pass a new military aid package for Ukraine, and he was rebuffed by some Republicans in the House of Representatives.
What can the Defence Secretary do to encourage the US to maintain its commitment to Ukraine and to NATO?
Again, we covered this earlier, but it is an important issue.
The Secretary of State and I, and other Ministers from the MOD and across Government, put our shoulder to the wheel whenever we are in Washington, to impress on the US not only the importance of its continued commitment to Ukrainian security, but that Euro-Atlantic security is integral to US security.
The US cannot simply look towards the Pacific; it needs to remain engaged in the Euro-Atlantic, in its own interests as well as those of NATO allies.
On my last visit to Ukraine a couple of weeks ago, I had several meetings with Ukrainian Ministers, who voiced their frustration and concern about the delay in setting up joint operations with UK defence manufacturers.
Will my right hon.
Friend assure the House that he is doing everything possible to speed the process up to allow the Ukrainians to produce their own kit, with our help, to help win the war?
The Secretary of State and the Minister for Defence Procurement have both been heavily engaged in this; indeed, the Minister for Defence Procurement led a delegation to Kyiv to catalyse exactly the idea that my hon.
Friend mentions.
What steps he is taking to reduce armed forces emissions.
The MOD has already started its decarbonisation journey in support of the UK’s net zero commitment.
At the Royal International Air Tattoo last year, I was pleased to sign the defence aviation net zero charter on behalf of the MOD.
Working closely with our industrial partners, we are moving to cleaner and more efficient technology.
The Army is building solar farms, and has invested £14 million in battlefield electrification.
The Royal Navy’s cutting-edge catalytic systems are reducing emissions of greenhouse gases in its patrol vessels by up to 97%.
Finally, the RAF is pioneering the use of sustainable aviation fuel.
It was a pleasure to attend the Global Charge dinner last October, and to see so many members of the armed forces, from all ranks, committed to tackling the climate crisis.
However, the Defence Committee has described the MOD’s current reduction targets as “insufficiently demanding” under the greening government commitments—they are the lowest across all Departments.
Will the Minister ensure that the next round of CC commitments will contain more demanding  targets, not least to reflect the real ambitions and for members of the armed forces on the ground to see the devastation of climate change?
I know the hon.
Lady is very passionate about this issue.
I have just listed the ways in which the individual services are taking steps to reduce their emissions, but we always have to balance that against our overwhelming priority as a Department, which is to support the ability of our armed forces to defend these islands.
What steps his Department is taking to support innovative defence technologies.
Defence is investing over £6.6 billion in advanced research and development.
We are working with UK industry and academia to identify and invest in innovative technologies, ensuring that we have the capabilities we need to defeat our adversaries.
The RAF has traditionally had a very poor record when it closes bases in Lincolnshire—just walking away, leaving them to go to rack and ruin—but at RAF Scampton we had wonderful schemes for innovative defence technologies, such as a spaceport.