The whole House will know that defence never sleeps and will wish to join me in thanking the brave men and women who make that possible.
Will my right hon.
Friend update the House on progress made at the NATO Defence Ministers meeting, particularly with regard to support for Ukraine?
Alongside the NATO meeting, there was the Ukraine defence contact group—a group of 52 countries, all of which support Ukraine.
The big concern, of course, is ensuring that Ukraine has the things that it needs now and the planning to ensure that it can sustain the fight and push back against the enemy in 2024.
That is why I have announced £200 million  for drones, and why we have a 15-nation coalition  for MPI—the multinational procurement initiative.
At  my request, we have also welcomed Australia to the international fund for Ukraine, with its commitment of 50 million Australian dollars to a fund that is now worth £900 million.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
The agonies of the Palestinian people are extreme.
We all want the fighting to stop now, for hostages to be returned now, for aid to be ramped up now, and a ceasefire that   lasts permanently.
What is the Defence Secretary doing to help his Israeli counterpart to accept that their threatened offensive against Rafah just cannot happen?
I agree with the right hon.
Gentleman about the seriousness of the situation.
As he has just heard, I visited Israel before the new year and had those conversations directly.
I believe that it is in Israel’s interest, obviously in Gaza’s interest, and in the world’s interest to see that immediate cessation followed by a permanent ceasefire.
We are doing everything we can to persuade the Israelis of that necessity and to put pressure on Hamas, who still hold hostages—if they were to release them, this thing could finish very quickly.
We are also helping by ensuring that we work on plans for what happens in the north of the country and in southern Lebanon.
Carshalton and Wallington is home to more than 1,700 veterans who have provided, and continue to provide, amazing service to our great nation.
What steps are we taking as a Government to provide better support for veterans in our country?
Since 2011, the armed forces covenant and its consequentials have been the absolute lynchpin of public commitment to those who have served, and they have materially improved the lived experience of the service community.
The Ministry of Defence is responsible for a number of services for veterans.
The Veterans Welfare Service, for example, supports around 50,000 veterans every year, and the Office for Veterans’ Affairs co-ordinates across Government to advance support for veterans and their families.
I call the shadow Minister.
The number of veterans claiming welfare benefits is rising steadily, and more than 52,000 are now in receipt of universal credit.
Does the Minister find that a cause for celebration or concern?
I am a veteran, and I talk to veterans all the time, as does my right hon.
Friend the Minister for Veterans’ Affairs.
I do not recognise the picture that the shadow Minister describes.
Since 2011, we have materially improved the lived experience of our veteran community and their families, and we will continue to do so—of that, he can be absolutely sure.
When defence contracts are awarded, a 10% to 20% weighting is given to social value, which is the benefit that the contract would have for the local and wider community.
Does that community benefit apply entirely for the UK, or are overseas companies and their communities considered equally?
That is a very good question.
The distinction is between the Cabinet Office social value rules, which are applied across Government and are irrespective, and the rules that the Ministry of Defence applies to our procurement.
There was discussion of the new medium helicopter  earlier, for example.