Those figures are in “Future Soldier”, published in 2021, and they remain unchanged.
What steps his Department is taking to assist in the provision of humanitarian aid to Gaza.
The Ministry of Defence continues to stand ready to support the effort, led by the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office, to pursue land, air and maritime routes to deliver urgently needed humanitarian aid.
Many of my constituents in Stoke-on-Trent South are extremely concerned about the humanitarian crisis in Gaza and want to see much more aid getting into Gaza.
It is vital for the innocent civilian population there.
Will the Secretary of State update us on what more is being done to ensure additional routes, and particularly a sea route, into Gaza for humanitarian aid to innocent civilians?
My hon.
Friend will be pleased to hear that I have been to the region on a number of occasions—I have visited Israel and Cyprus twice, as well as visiting Egypt and Saudi Arabia—with the specific intention of trying to resolve the problem that he describes.
We have already delivered 150 tonnes of aid, but the problem is getting that aid into Gaza.
Although we have persuaded the Israelis to open Kerem Shalom, we desperately need Ashdod to be opened, too.
As we have discussed with the Cypriots, we could then create a humanitarian aid route from Cyprus direct to Ashdod and straight into Gaza via Kerem Shalom.
If he will continue to issue online updates on the implementation of accepted recommendations from the “Living in our Shoes” report, published on 30 June 2020.
Families are an integral part of the armed forces community.
Our commitment to them remains strong and is reinforced by the Haythornthwaite review, the defence Command Paper refresh, the families strategy, which was published  in January 2022, and my hon.
Friend’s excellent “Living in our Shoes” framework for delivering more family-sympathetic policies.
The families of armed forces personnel have to put up with more separation, relocation and danger to their loved ones than the families of any other public servants, and they often feel slightly disenfranchised.
They might not know their Member of Parliament, and they might fear to approach them because of the impact it might have on their spouse or partner’s career.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree it is incredibly important that the public can see the follow-through on the 86 recommendations that the Ministry of Defence accepted in full and on the 20 recommendations that it accepted in part?
My hon.
Friend will be interested to hear that I have a slightly different number.
My number is that 106 of his report’s 110 recommendations have been accepted.
Regardless of the exact figure, I entirely agree on the importance of making sure that armed forces families live in decent accommodation.
When we ask armed forces personnel to fight abroad, they should live in good accommodation when they come home.
My hon.
Friend is familiar with the steering group, which includes families, federations and the authors of his excellent report, and he will be pleased to hear that it meets again on  28 February .
What steps his Department is taking to tackle recruitment challenges in the armed forces.
What steps his Department is taking to recruit armed forces personnel.
What steps his Department is taking to recruit armed forces personnel.
What steps his Department is taking to recruit armed forces personnel.
In a challenging labour market, we continue to apply an array of measures to support recruitment and retention and to refine the armed forces’ offer.
These include the biggest pay rise in 20 years, flexible service and an improved accommodation offer.
The Haythornthwaite review has a key part to play, and teams have been stood up across the Ministry of Defence to implement all 67 recommendations, working to establish a reward and incentivisation architecture that will attract and retain the skills we need.