Defence is investing over £6.6 billion in advanced research and development.
We are working with UK industry and academia to identify and invest in innovative technologies, ensuring that we have the capabilities we need to defeat our adversaries.
The RAF has traditionally had a very poor record when it closes bases in Lincolnshire—just walking away, leaving them to go to rack and ruin—but at RAF Scampton we had wonderful schemes for innovative defence technologies, such as a spaceport.
Will the Minister now work with the Home Office and me to try to release the bulk of that base so that we can get all these exciting technologies going?
The MOD cannot just wash its hands of the base, now that it has been passed to the Home Office.
We are supposed to have joined-up government.
My right hon.
Friend makes an important point.
As he knows, RAF Scampton is no longer part of the defence estate, which means we do not have formal responsibility for it.
What I would stress to him is that we are investing in innovation in Lincolnshire, including the significant investment into RAF Waddington associated with our Protector capability.
What recent estimate he has made of the lifetime cost of Trident renewal.
The Dreadnought submarine programme remains within overall budget and on track for the first of class, HMS Dreadnought, to enter service in the early 2030s.
Inflation has remained higher than expected for an extended period and has had an adverse impact on the cost forecasts for the programme compared with the forecasts from a year earlier.
As the programme is in its preliminary phases, it is too early to provide cost estimates for the replacement warhead programme.
I think that means the Minister does not know what the total lifetime cost of Trident replacement is going to be.
Budgets in Government Departments and households alike are under immense pressure because  of rampant inflation.
Why do everybody else’s budgets have to be under pressure but there seems to be a blank-cheque approach to the renewal of Trident?
That is an extraordinary thing for the hon.
Gentleman to say.
He knows that we will shortly be publishing, before the end of the financial year, our supplementary estimate for the defence nuclear enterprise for the financial year.
But as he knows, there is a cost in not having a deterrent.
That is his policy: to do away with the deterrent on a unilateral basis, despite all the terrible threats we can see in the world and the nuclear sabre-rattling from Russia.
His policy would be abject folly.
We will invest in providing that ultimate guarantee to the people of the United Kingdom.
I know that the Minister and most of the House, leaving aside those on the Scottish National Benches, will agree that the continuous at-sea deterrent is absolutely central to the defence of the realm—there is no question about that at all.
Does he agree that we must find a way of replacing Trident within budget, and that the worst possible thing that could happen to Trident would be an SNP Government in Scotland?
I agree 100% with my hon.
Friend.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
This year I visited the United States—the White House and Capitol Hill—to lobby on behalf of Ukraine, as discussed today; Saudi Arabia and Egypt, given the crisis in the middle east; HMS Diamond, to thank the ship’s crew; and our sovereign base at Akrotiri, to thank the Typhoon pilots.
Cyprus itself was also visited.
Last week I was in Brussels for the NATO meeting and in Munich for the security conference.
The whole House will know that defence never sleeps and will wish to join me in thanking the brave men and women who make that possible.
Will my right hon.
Friend update the House on progress made at the NATO Defence Ministers meeting, particularly with regard to support for Ukraine?