Those families are still living on that temporary supply, so can the Minister assure me that attention is being given to sorting out this problem and ensuring a permanent supply of clean water?
I am very grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising this matter—he is a champion of the defence community in his constituency, and I thank him for his early engagement on it.
I understand that the local authority regulator, following the completion of rigorous testing, has confirmed that the water quality at Trenchard Lines is acceptable, and it is now safe for personnel working and living there to use the mains supply.
I will double-check that and write to him, but I am grateful for his comments on the performance of the Defence Infrastructure Organisation in that regard.
Today we have seen news of another serious attack by the Houthis on a commercial vessel in the gulf of Aden.
Do Ministers think that more Royal Navy ships will need to be deployed to the region, given the ongoing threat to merchant shipping?
The hon.
Gentleman will be familiar with answers I gave last week or the week before at the Dispatch Box, when I said that we will always look at what is happening in the Red sea.
I have been there to meet the crews myself, and will make a judgment based on the reality on the ground.
There is now also input from a conglomeration of EU countries that are coming to join Prosperity Guardian, and we welcome that input.
In the debate on the Red sea on  24 January , I asked for confirmation that HMS Albion and HMS Bulwark would not only not be scrapped, but would not be mothballed.
The deputy Foreign Secretary, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Sutton Coldfield (Mr Mitchell) , with the Secretary of State for Defence alongside him, said in response that I was
“absolutely right to detect the supportive view of the Secretary of State for Defence.
”—[Official Report,  24 January 2024 ; Vol.
744, c. 402.]
However, a journalist was subsequently told by the Ministry of Defence that nothing had changed, so are those ships going to be mothballed or not?
My right hon.
Friend can rest easy: I have been down to visit HMS Albion since those questions, and I can confirm that one of those ships will always be being made ready to sail.
He can therefore be very relieved.
Suicide rates among veterans under the age of 24 are two to four times higher than in the civilian population, but figures show that this group is less likely to be in touch with mental health services.
How will the Minister ensure that young veterans can access the support they need?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for her question—she has been consistent in her inquiry into this matter.
She will be reassured to know that across  the service community, the rate of suicide is lower than we would expect in the civilian population.
There is a subset of young men within the serving population for whom there is an excess, and we are looking very closely at that.
I very much commend to the hon.
Lady the suicide action plan that we have published, which lays out what Defence is doing to drive down the suicide rate in our armed forces.
Whichever figure it is, it is too high.
The whole House would like to see a larger Army, Navy and Air Force—there is unanimity on that point.
Central to that must be not only the armed forces recruitment programme, but the Army centralised training scheme.
Will my right hon.
Friend confirm that the pause in capital spending by the MOD, which was announced last week in the press, will not affect those two schemes, and that they will continue in as full-blooded a way as they are at the moment?
My hon.