Whatever spin the Government may put on it, forecasts show that the economy has officially entered a recession.
However, people out there have been suffering grinding economic pressure for years.
Average energy bills are 59% higher than they were in 2022, and more than 600,000 Welsh households are in fuel poverty.
Meanwhile, the profits of energy companies such as British Gas have increased tenfold to £750 million.
This is the Minister’s chance to make a difference to every household.
He has referred to the next fiscal event.
Will he act to extend and backdate the windfall tax on energy companies that are currently profiteering from households everywhere?
The right hon.
Lady is right that many people have had very challenging times over the last couple of years.
Let me correct something that I previously said to the House: the increase in real household incomes since 2010 is actually 8%, while the increase in GDP per capita is 12%.
I wanted to put that on the record.
As for taxes, I cannot speculate about what will happen at the next fiscal event.
According to the forecast, in five years’ time debt will be higher than it is now.
Is this a reasonable time to be talking about tax cuts, and does their doing so not suggest that the Government have learnt nothing from the Budget of September 2022?
I assure the hon.
Gentleman that this Chancellor and this Government are very different from those in September 2022 to which he refers.
As for debt, I repeat that we are keeping to our fiscal rule, which is and has always been that debt will be falling in the fifth year of the forecast—falling, once we exclude the Bank of England.
That has always been our position, and it will continue to be the case.
The Minister has made no mention of the importance to the UK Treasury of North sea oil, and indeed the danger to the Scottish economy of the closure of Grangemouth Refinery.
Given that the UK Treasury received £8 billion in revenues from the North sea last year and is expected to receive £6.1 billion this year, can it not find the tens of millions—not the tens of billions that it will receive in revenue—to ensure that the HydroCracker can be restarted and the profitability of the refinery increased threefold?
I will take away the hon.
Gentleman’s specific point and ensure that the Treasury gets back to him, but his broader point about offshore oil and gas in the North sea is very important.
It is critical that we support the oil and gas sector, not just for the tax revenues but for the livelihoods and prosperity of the United Kingdom, and this Government stand four-square behind it.
There is overwhelming evidence that the lower the economic inequalities, the higher economic growth will be.
We know from the Office for National Statistics that between 2021 and 2022 the disposable incomes of the poorest fifth of households shrank by 3.4% while those of the richest fifth increased by 3.3%, and that reflected the position in the preceding 10 years.
What assessment has the Minister, or the Chancellor, undertaken to estimate the impacts of these increasing inequalities on our shrinking growth?
When we are talking about people at the bottom end of the income scale, it is important to note that those on the full-time national living wage—which we will be increasing by the largest ever amount in April this year—will be 30% better off than they were in 2010.
News that the UK is officially in recession comes as no surprise to my constituents, who have been battered by this Tory cost of living crisis.
Food inflation is still double the headline rate of inflation, and that is not only affecting the price of the weekly shop but having a hugely negative effect on my local pub and hospitality sector, with many businesses on the brink.