Lady, whom I have a huge amount of time for as a very good Member of Parliament: it is not our position that everything is okay.
There has been a challenging international context: a once-in-100-years pandemic, and an energy crisis caused by Putin’s war in Ukraine.
This Government have done everything we possibly can to build an economy for growth, and I hope we have her support.
What distinguishes this recession is the 800 jobs that have been created every day since this Government came to power in 2010—the very antithesis of anything ever achieved by a Labour Government, who have always left unemployment higher than they found it—is it not?
It is—and I would add something else: the figures for home repossession were much higher when there was a recession under the Labour Government in 2008-09, in comparison with our record now, and unemployment now is much lower than it was then.
Though we are in challenging times, the economy is turning a corner.
Our record compares very favourably Labour’s.
The Chancellor said last May that he was comfortable with the prospect of a recession.
Now that my constituents in Selby and Ainsty are suffering under that recession’s effects, would the Minister chalk it up as a job well done?
The hon.
Gentleman will do well.
There is nobody on the Government Benches who welcomes adverse economic situations for anybody.
That is why we are doing everything we can—straining every sinew—to grow the economy.
All the measures I have laid out will continue, but they would be put at risk by those on his Front Bench being in office.
Before I came to this House, I was a director of quite a large retail group in North Norfolk.
No one has made the point that in the last quarter of the year the country saw Babet, Ciaran, Debi, Elin, Fergus and Gerrit—six major storms and floods.
How many were there in the previous year?
Absolutely none at all.
Will the Economic Secretary tell everybody that of course the economy will not function properly in the grip of storms and floods every fortnight?
We are not in recession, but the more we talk it up, the more we will be.
I thank my hon.
Friend for that question—I would say that the loss of large retail groups in Norfolk is the House’s gain.
His point about the international context is serious and important.
Although Labour Members do not like to hear it, facing a once-in-100-years pandemic and Putin’s illegal war in Ukraine, which caused energy prices to skyrocket, will have adverse impacts on the economy.
The country understands that and the House understands that; the Labour Front Bench should also understand it.
This recession is a direct result of the choices that this Government have made.
Years of potential growth have been missed, and the Government have failed particularly to capitalise on the green transition.
Green investment will be worth £1 trillion globally by 2030, including half a million jobs in this country.
When will the Government bring forward a green investment programme to match the ones in the US or in Europe?
First, our record on decarbonisation beats anywhere else in the G7, so we do not take lessons from the United States or any other country in that regard.
In relation to the green investment plan by 2030,  the hon.
Lady should direct her ire at those on the Labour Front Bench for not being clear as to what their plan is.
The Leader of the Opposition says—[Interruption.]
Well, it is important because politics is a contest of ideas, as indeed it is a contest between two parties.
If Labour Members believe they can spend an extra £28 billion without that having an impact on taxes and borrowing, they are trying to pull the wool over the eyes of the British people.