In a challenging labour market, we continue to apply an array of measures to support recruitment and retention and to refine the armed forces’ offer.
These include the biggest pay rise in 20 years, flexible service and an improved accommodation offer.
The Haythornthwaite review has a key part to play, and teams have been stood up across the Ministry of Defence to implement all 67 recommendations, working to establish a reward and incentivisation architecture that will attract and retain the skills we need.
I am grateful for the Minister’s answer, but the quality of forces accommodation is also an important factor in both recruitment and retention.
Will he consider giving local commanders greater agency in getting small repairs done locally if the national contractors fail to act quickly enough?
I absolutely agree with my hon.
Friend.
Heads of establishment can access an approved funding pot to address minor maintenance works, up to a maximum value of £25,000 per item, which is extremely helpful and gets away from some of the bureaucracy involved with the prime contractors.
Seven experienced personnel are leaving for each five recruited.
Despite the diversity and inclusion policies, some of which are counterproductive in my opinion, and in addition to Capita’s initiatives, last year there was a net loss of 310 servicewomen.
Falling retention rates are overshadowing operational effectiveness.
Can the Minister outline what he is doing on retention?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend and ministerial predecessor.
Over the past two years, the Ministry of Defence has put servicewomen at the heart of developing and delivering a range of initiatives, from uniform policies to the provision of accessible sanitary products, mentoring, the introduction of flexible service, wraparound childcare, parental leave, and zero tolerance of unacceptable behaviour.
There will be further measures in response to the Wigston review, the Gray review and my hon.
Friend’s report.
I pay tribute to those who have been driving change, but it is far from job done.
The armed forces, including the 14th Signal Regiment based in Pembrokeshire, continue to provide fabulous career opportunities for young people.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that, now more than ever, we need to encourage Army visits to schools, and that the long campaign by nationalists in Wales to stop those visits damages social mobility and aspiration?
I share my right hon.
Friend’s enthusiasm entirely.
The armed forces are a huge engine for social mobility.
In the last year, the Army achieved over 5,000 school engagement visits across the United Kingdom, each at the school’s request.
The British Army is the public’s Army.
It is important it engages with the people it serves, despite the best efforts of some on the left and the nationalists, to whom he refers.
The London Borough of Bexley is home to several excellent cadet and reserve units that teach vital life skills.
Will the Minister update the House on progress on the cadet expansion programme and what work is being undertaken to strengthen the pathways into His Majesty’s armed forces?
I am grateful for the opportunity to do so.
The joint Ministry of Defence and Department for Education cadet expansion programme is progressing extremely well, with over 54,000 cadets in school cadet units.
The cadet expansion programme has focused on growth in the state sector.
Since its introduction in 2012, the number of cadet units in state schools has grown by over 400% to 268 schools.
Some new units have also opened in independent schools, where there has been a 12% increase.
I am sure my hon.
Friend will join me in welcoming that transformation.
Local service personnel routinely cite issues in service accommodation as a barrier to recruitment and retention, so I was disappointed to hear that the Government have  no plans to improve the quality of the nearly 900 single-living accommodation bed spaces in my constituency at Chicksands that currently fall into the lowest grades.