Will my right hon.
Friend confirm that the pause in capital spending by the MOD, which was announced last week in the press, will not affect those two schemes, and that they will continue in as full-blooded a way as they are at the moment?
My hon.
Friend will be pleased to know that there is no pause.
The approvals are flowing.
The Royal Navy carriers HMS Queen Elizabeth and HMS Prince of Wales entered service six and seven years late respectively, with their cost rocketing to over £8,000 million—more than 20 times that of Scotland’s  ferries—while being plagued with problems and a lack of aircraft.
What assurances can we have that these hugely expensive carriers will provide the defence capability for which they were designed?
The whole House recognises the irony of an SNP Member talking about ships being delivered late.
The whole House will want to welcome the extraordinary work done by those on HMS Prince of Wales who got the ship ready to leave not at 30 days’ readiness, which is what they were ranked for, but in eight days.
I would have thought that congratulating the ship’s company would be the right thing to do.
Does the Secretary of State remember that the British Army used to be the biggest trainer of young men and women in the country and that we produced so many skilled people?
When can he take us back to those balmy days?
Since 2014, we have been training 60,000 Ukrainian troops, proving that we know how to get troops trained.
We still train extraordinary numbers.
I think I am right that, on all forms of training more broadly, we are breaking some of those records.
We will ensure that we have armed forces that are fit for the 21st century.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Chancellor of the Exchequer if he will make a statement on the UK economy entering recession.
High inflation remains the biggest barrier to growth, which is why halving it is still our top priority.
Thanks to decisive action supported by the Government, inflation has fallen from over 11% to 4%.
The Bank of England is forecasting that it will fall to around 2% by early summer, in only a matter of months, which is much faster than previously thought.
It is important to put all this in context.
Just over a year ago, the Bank of England was forecasting the longest recession in 100 years.
That has not happened, and the British economy has proved resilient in the face of unprecedented shocks.
Forecasters, including the Bank of England and the International Monetary Fund, agree that growth will strengthen over the next few years, with the IMF forecasting that we will grow faster than Japan, Germany, France, Italy and many others, on average, over the next five years.
Wages have been higher than inflation for six months in a row, unemployment remains very low, and we are backing British business by delivering the biggest business tax cut in modern British history and rewarding work by cutting taxes for working people.
These are all reasons to be positive about the economy turning a corner.
If we stick to our plan, we can be confident of seeing pressures reduce for families and of achieving healthy economic growth.
At the autumn statement, we unveiled 110 growth measures, including unlocking £20 billion of business investment.
This includes a substantial labour market package, delivering a tax cut to national insurance for 27 million people, as well as reforming pensions and extending investment zones.
The real risk to economic growth and prosperity in this country is the fact that the Labour party has no plan for growth—no plan at all.
While they may pretend that they have abandoned their £28 billion pledge, they are still committed to their damaging 2030 energy policy, which, as the Leader of the Opposition has said, costs £28 billion.