I dismissed him because there were serious concerns about his behaviour as chair, including those raised by other directors on the board.
My Department found significant governance issues.
For example, a public appointment process was under way for a new senior independent director to the Post Office board, but Mr Staunton apparently wanted to bypass it and appoint someone from the board without due process.
He failed to properly consult the Post Office board on the proposal; he failed to hold the required nominations committee; and, most importantly, he failed to consult the Government, as a shareholder, which the company was required to do.
I know that hon.
Members will agree with me that such a cavalier approach to governance was the last thing we needed in the Post Office, given its historical failings.
I should also inform the House that while Mr Staunton was in post, a formal investigation was launched into allegations made regarding his conduct, including serious matters such as bullying.
Concerns were brought to my Department’s attention about Mr Staunton’s willingness to co-operate with that investigation.
It is right that the British public should know the facts behind the case, and what was said in the phone call in which I dismissed Mr Staunton.
Officials from my Department were on the line; the call was minuted, and a read-out was sent after it took place.
Today, I am depositing a copy of that read-out in both Libraries of the House, so that hon.
Members and the public can see the truth.
In those minutes, personal information relating to other Post Office employees has been redacted.
For all  those reasons, an interim chair will be appointed shortly, and I will, of course, update the House when we have further details.
Finally, Mr Staunton claims that when he was first appointed as chair of the Post Office, he was told by a senior civil servant to stall on paying compensation.
There is no evidence whatsoever that that is true.
In fact, on becoming Post Office chair, Mr Staunton received a letter from the permanent secretary of the Department for Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy, Sarah Munby, on  9 December 2022 , welcoming him to his role and making it crystal clear that successfully reaching settlements with victims of the Post Office scandal should be one of his highest priorities.
That letter is in the public domain.
The words are there in black and white, and copies of the correspondence will be placed in the Libraries of both Houses.
The reality is that my Department has done everything it can to speed up compensation payments for victims.
We have already made payments totalling £160 million across all three compensation schemes.
That includes our announcement last autumn of the optional £600,000 fixed-sum award for those who had been wrongfully convicted.
It is the strongest refutation of those in this House who would claim that we acted only after the ITV drama, “Mr Bates vs The Post Office”, was shown.
British people should know that a dedicated team of Ministers and civil servants have been working around the clock for many months to hasten the pursuit of justice, and bring swift, fair redress to all those affected.
To that end, I am pleased that all 2,417 postmasters who claimed through the original Horizon shortfall scheme have now had offers of compensation.
The Post Office is dealing promptly with late applications and cases where the initial offer has not been accepted.
My Department has also established the Horizon compensation unit to ensure that money gets to the right people without a moment’s delay.
Last autumn, we announced an additional £150 million to the Post Office, specifically to help it meet the costs of participating in the Post Office-Horizon inquiry and delivering compensation to postmasters.