Lady asked a similar question of the Chancellor at the last Treasury questions, and the Chancellor responded by saying that he was absolutely clear about the need to compensate people in the way that she has described.
He will update the House in due course and indeed update her with further details in response to her question.
The Prime Minister has failed to get growth and industry has completely lost confidence in this Government.
With projects cancelled, HS2 cancelled, Building Schools for the Future cancelled, hospitals never built and an absolute failure to bring down high energy prices, it is no wonder that business investment forecasts are down.
With the US and the EU incentivising investment, what is the Minister now going to do to get the investment we need in the green manufacturing industries of the future?
To increase investment we brought in full expensing at the last fiscal event, which should represent an increase over the forecast period of £14 billion of investment and deal with the chronic weakness of our economy over generations.
That is what we are doing to increase investment.
In relation to green investment in particular, what we are not doing is having a huge unfunded £28 billion plan—or maybe now it is not Labour’s plan; maybe it is a secret plan or maybe the Labour Front Benchers have stopped their plan.
We have a responsible costed plan to increase investment; the Opposition do not have one.
Let’s try this again.
Public sector net debt is set to rise from 89% of GDP this year to 92.8% of GDP in 2028-29, according to the most recent Office for Budget Responsibility forecast.
In case the Minister does not understand, that  number is higher than today’s.
The Prime Minister promised to reduce debt, but it is increasing.
The plan isn’t working, is it?
The Prime Minister and the whole Government are committed to reducing debt as we get to the end of this economic forecast period, which is what we are doing.
The Minister’s rosy picture of the economy shows a complete lack of awareness of what is actually going on in this country.
He claims that the Labour party is somehow a risk to growth, but it is his party that has taken the country into recession.
That shows a complete lack of self-awareness, too.
That is the nub of the matter.
We are in a recession, yet the Chancellor is nowhere to be seen.
I would have thought this was important enough for him to be here to answer questions.
Given that growing the economy is yet another of the Prime Minister’s pledges that has not been met, who does the Minister think should carry the can for this failure: the Prime Minister or the Chancellor?
I will have to take the hon.
Gentleman’s criticism of my self-awareness on the chin, but his broader point is serious.
He is asking whether the Government and I are light-hearted or think that everything in the economy is absolutely fantastic, but it is not.
That is why we have taken the measures that we have.
It is why we cut tax for working people, beginning in January.
It is why we are increasing business investment.
It is why we had a more than £100-billion package of cost of living support, because we know how much many ordinary people in this country are suffering.
And it is why we are trying to grow our economy overall, because that will result in greater prosperity for the country and more money for our public services.
The Labour party puts all that at risk.
The Government are failing.
An 81-year-old constituent told me that he cannot remember the economy and living standards ever being this bad.
Can the Minister not see that, under his Government, Britain is worse off?
I do not agree with the hon.
Lady.
I will not repeat everything I just said to  the hon.