Does he agree that people in Redditch and elsewhere are concerned about negative economic news—although it almost always turns out to be wrong?
Most of all, does he agree that the greatest risk to my constituents in Redditch and those across the country is a Labour Government?
Labour has said it can somehow magically get £28 billion of green growth benefits without paying for them.
We all know that my constituents will be paying for that through extra borrowing and higher taxes.
Order.
The Minister has no responsibility for the Labour party.
Let us move on.
The Minister says the Government’s priority is backing British business, cutting inflation and reducing the pressure on British families.
When the Government admit this measure will increase inflation, when British business is tearing its hair out at the chaos caused by not knowing what the charge will be and who will pay it—with less than 10 weeks to go—and when British consumers will find that it causes food shortages and an increase in food prices, why on earth are the Government going ahead with the Brexit border tax?
Will the Minister commit here and now to cancelling it, so that we can stop this inflationary measure—yes or no?
I thank the hon.
Lady for focusing on inflation.
She is right that it is critical, and bringing it down is a focus for the Government.
The House has heard her point about the European Union, but I would add that we have a clear plan for bringing down inflation, which we will continue to carry out.
She has to ask those on her Front Bench why they do not have one.
For too long, too many people in the Treasury—not my hon.
Friend, who is an excellent Minister—have thought that the best way to grow the economy is to fill the country with more and more people.
Will the Government recommit to insisting that anyone who comes here to work should earn the average UK earnings of around £33,000 a year?
That means no shortage schemes and no exemption for care workers or the NHS, but that in those sectors we pay proper wages, we get people off benefits—too many people are on them, dragging down our economy—and we seriously cut mass legal migration; and, by the way, if there is a general election, let us give our people something to vote for.
My right hon.
Friend makes an important point about migration.
I completely agree that we need higher earnings for British people, not an economy where we import too many people and keep earnings down.
That is why we have been focusing on raising the national living wage and ensuring that ordinary household incomes will go up as a result of this Government’s policies, as I have explained.
It is worth pointing out that certain things happened last year, such as people fleeing Ukraine and Hong Kong, which meant that the immigration numbers were particularly high.
The broad thrust of what my right hon.
Friend said is correct: we want a high-skill, high-wage economy.
I do not know whether the Minister realises quite how infuriating people find watching his Government tell them, “Everything is fine”, “It is all going really well” and “There’s nothing to see here”, when every day they feel poorer and small businesses are closing.
If the Prime Minister and the Chancellor cannot face reality, how on earth can anyone trust them to solve the economic crisis that their Government created?
Let me be clear with the hon.
Lady, whom I have a huge amount of time for as a very good Member of Parliament: it is not our position that everything is okay.
There has been a challenging international context: a once-in-100-years pandemic, and an energy crisis caused by Putin’s war in Ukraine.
This Government have done everything we possibly can to build an economy for growth, and I hope we have her support.