I do not agree with the hon.
Lady.
I will not repeat everything I just said to  the hon.
Member for Ellesmere Port and Neston (Justin Madders) , but this Government and this Treasury are sticking to our plan for growth.
That is all put at risk by the Labour party.
The Office for Budget Responsibility assessed Boris Johnson’s trade and co-operation agreement, which sets out the trading relationship between the UK and the EU, at the beginning of last year, and it said that the TCA has reduced long-run productivity by 4%.
Why does the Minister think that is?
We built on the trade and co-operation agreement through the Windsor framework, and the Opposition do not propose to change it.
Indeed, the TCA is fundamental to the stability of our relationship with the European Union, and I do not think the country would benefit from unpicking it once again.
I thank the Minister for all his answers.
The questions have not been easy.
The Office for National Statistics has revealed that there was a 0.3% decline in GDP between October and December 2023.
Given that the strength of the economy was, and still is, the subject of one of the Prime Minister’s pledges, what steps is the Minister taking to reverse this decline, and to re-instil confidence in the Government’s economic plans?
I have already laid out the steps that we are taking, and there is a critical need to make sure that all the regions of our country benefit from those steps.
That is one of the reasons why we put so much effort and focus into investment zones over the last couple of years.
We hope that these investment zones will continue to increase growth in the economy, not only at a macro level, but for people in every region of this country—particularly in Northern Ireland and the other regions that perhaps did not benefit from this country’s previous growth.
We are committed to strengthening that regionally.
With permission, Mr Speaker, I shall make a statement about Post Office governance and the Horizon compensation schemes.
Over the weekend, several serious allegations were made against the Government, my Department and its officials by Henry Staunton, the former chair of the Post Office.
The allegations are completely false, and I would like to make a statement to the House so that hon.
Members and the British public know the truth about exactly what has happened.
I would like to address three specific claims that Mr Staunton made in his Sunday Times interview—claims that are patently untrue.
First, Mr Staunton alleges that I refused to apologise to him after he learned of his dismissal from Sky News.
That was not the case.
In the call he referenced, I made it abundantly clear that I disapproved of the media breaking any aspect of the story.
Out of respect for Henry Staunton’s reputation, I went to great pains to make my concerns about his conduct private.
In fact, in my interviews with the press, I repeatedly said that I refuse to carry out HR in public.
That is why it is so disappointing that he has chosen to spread a series of falsehoods, provide made-up anecdotes to journalists and leak discussions held in confidence.
All that merely confirms in my mind that I made the correct decision in dismissing him.
Secondly, Mr Staunton claims that I told him that “someone’s got to take the rap” for the Horizon scandal, and that was the reason for his dismissal.
That was not the reason at all.
I dismissed him because there were serious concerns about his behaviour as chair, including those raised by other directors on the board.
My Department found significant governance issues.
For example, a public appointment process was under way for a new senior independent director to the Post Office board, but Mr Staunton apparently wanted to bypass it and appoint someone from the board without due process.