I thank the right hon.
Member for his answer.
Will he join me in recognising female veterans who not only served themselves—as I know he did—but support veterans in their local communities, such as my constituent Morag Lightning?
She is an RAF veteran who volunteers as a RAF Association welfare officer and who does too many things to mention in our community, for which she was awarded a British empire medal in the King’s new year’s honours list.
Would he join me in congratulating her on that?
I pay huge tribute to Morag and the many others who I have met over the past few years who work night and day at the coalface of veterans’ care and policy.
They are the true heroes in looking after our veterans.
It is the nation’s responsibility, and those who have left the military often set the example for how we look after our veterans.
I pay tribute to her and the hundreds and thousands of others across the country who spend night and day helping veterans.
I welcome the women veterans’ strategy and the update that the Minister has given on it.
Will the strategy take into account the findings of the review of veterans’ welfare services, which I was pleased the Government carried out?
Yes, of course.
The review of welfare services for veterans is the most significant review that has happened ever on the statutory service of veterans’ affairs across the Ministry of Defence and across Government.
It has of course been a concern of mine for some time that female veterans have not felt as included and as part of the veterans’ community as I would want them to feel.
I am absolutely determined to over-correct that and ensure that women veterans are looked after and are as proud as I am of their service and of being in the veteran community.
I call the shadow Minister.
The Centre for Military Women’s Research has identified numerous gaps in our understanding of women’s experiences in the military, the consequent problems they face and the reluctance to pursue research on those matters.
Is it right to presume that the women veterans’ strategy—I hear what the Minister says about his genuine concern on these matters—will be his main vehicle for ensuring that we tackle those issues?
Absolutely; the point of the strategy, essentially, is to ensure that the voices that have been unheard for too long are heard.
I know that there is unmet need and pain in the female veteran community.
There is also huge pride, and there are extraordinary examples of those who have served and have gone on to achieve extraordinary things in their lives.
We will of course look to achieve balance; I want to ensure that female veterans are correctly catered for and looked after in this country.
I want it to be the best country in the world to be a veteran—and that is for all veterans, female or male, across the piece, irrespective of cap badge.
I am determined to keep going until we get there.
What steps his Department is taking to protect public services and institutions from cyber-threats.
We are protecting our public services from cyber-threats through our world-leading Government cyber-security strategy.
We are also tackling the threat at source.
Last year alone, we sanctioned 18 criminals responsible for spreading a prolific ransomware strain, and we exposed the Russian intelligence services for their attempts to target high-profile individuals and entities through cyber-operations.
I thank the Secretary of State for his response.
In the wake of the recent attack on the British Library, will he tell us what assessment the Government have made of potential cyber-attacks on other non-departmental public bodies?
How will he ensure that they are not vulnerable to similar attacks and that the country is not brought to a standstill?
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right to highlight that attack.