I have been working with colleagues across Government to ensure that we are able to respond appropriately at that time.
I call Father of the House.
The House understands that it is the Minister’s Department that has to co-ordinate government, and that is not an easy thing to do.
Does he understand that Sir Robert Francis and Sir Brian Langstaff have made it absolutely clear that the final report will say nothing more about compensation?
It is not just the victims of the infected blood scandal who matter; so do the families of those who have already died—they are dying as well.
May I say, on behalf of the all-party parliamentary group on haemophilia and contaminated blood—I am sure that  the right hon.
Member for Kingston upon Hull North (Dame Diana Johnson)  would say the same—that 25 days after the report is published in May is too long to wait?
People want certainty and need support.
I thank my hon.
Friend for his empathy with the complexity of delivering this.
I recognise the urgency, of course.
That is why, over the recess, I had several meetings with officials.
We are moving forward with the appointment of the clinical, legal and care experts.
However, I recognise that his focus and that of colleagues across the House is on the speed of delivery of payments.
Obviously, we made those interim payments further to the first interim report recommendations in October 2022.
I will continue to have meetings with colleagues to move this forward as quickly as I can.
What recent assessment he has made of the prevalence of the use of personal smartphones for conducting Government business by Ministers and officials.
The Cabinet Office does not hold data centrally regarding personal smartphone use.
We are committed to ensuring that Government business is conducted securely and to supporting individuals in meeting their security responsibilities.
In March last year, we published guidance concerning the use of non-corporate communication channels for Government business, which set out considerations around the use of private devices.
I may be part of a very small and shrinking group, but I think it is sensible that Ministers, officials and advisers should be able to share their thinking and thoughts in private on occasion.
However, the truth of matter is that the constant drip of stories—whether about Boris Johnson, Nicola Sturgeon or anybody else—and WhatsApp messages not being available to hold people accountable, is harming public confidence in government and politics.
Will the Minister look again at this to see how we can have good, accountable and transparent government?
The right hon.
Gentleman raised important points.
I draw his attention to the document we published last year: “Using non-corporate communication channels (e.g. WhatsApp, private email, SMS) for government business”.
I think he will be particularly interested in the summary table on page two.
What steps his Department is taking to increase transparency in the honours system.
We have made a number of important changes to increase transparency.
We have launched a new website and online form to make it easier for anyone to make a nomination.
We have brought the recruitment of the independent honours committees, which make the honours recommendations, into line with the governance code for public appointments, and we have bolstered probity checks through new and renewed agreements with vetting bodies.
The Post Office scandal and Paula Vennells’ handing back of her CBE has shone a real light on the need for more scrutiny and transparency in the honours system.
Does the Minister agree that the vetting process—the scrutiny and transparency—is needed more than ever in our honours system to protect its integrity?
I do agree.
Given that my hon.
Friend is a former sub-postmaster, I can fully understand why he feels so strongly about this matter; he is absolutely right to do so, and I thank him for all the work he has done for his fellow postmasters and sub-postmasters.