We have put record sums into flood defences and we have provided record flood defence building.
Clearly, there is more to do to allocate those resources, but we have made considerable progress.
This week, Gareth Davies, the head of the National Audit Office, said that Ministers could save up to £20 billion a year of taxpayers’ money by modernising IT systems, tackling fraud and better management of major projects such as HS2.
He also said that out-of-date IT exposes the UK to a greater risk of cyber-attacks, and we have heard reference this morning to the cyber-attack on the British Library.
Why is it that time after time, the Government reach for tax rises—such rises will leave a typical family paying £1,200 a year more in tax—instead of saving money by getting a grip of these IT projects and major infrastructure projects, as has been called for by the National Audit Office?
That is precisely why we have created i.AI—the Incubator for Artificial Intelligence—under my leadership to make sure that we apply artificial intelligence to drive down the cost of public services and to improve outputs.
I say gently to the right hon.
Gentleman that it is a bit rich to be taking lectures from the Labour party, which wasted over £26 billion when it was in government on failed IT projects—failed IT projects in the NHS, the Ministry of Defence and DEFRA.
And where was the right hon.
Gentleman?
He was sat in Downing Street while that happened.
May I first associate myself with the Deputy Prime Minister’s words about the royal family?
On  23 February , this House has the opportunity to correct the constitutional sexism that means that one eighth of the seats in the other place are reserved for  men only.
Will the Government support and work with me on my Hereditary Titles (Female Succession) Bill to ensure that the succession of peerages moves in line with that of the Crown?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question and the work she has done in this area; I know she has thought about it a great deal.
I will be writing to her in due course.
It is a complicated area of constitutional law, but we appreciate the position from which she is coming.
In light of the shocking revelation that only 2% of the tip-offs received by the Government’s covid fraud hotline are being actively pursued, can the Secretary of State explain to an increasingly despairing nation what steps the Government are taking to recover every single penny of that fraudulently claimed taxpayer money?
That is precisely why we set up the Public Sector Fraud Authority and I can update the House that in its first year it met more than double its target.
In addition, there are both civil and criminal investigations ongoing to bring every person responsible to justice if they have defrauded the taxpayer.
My constituency boasts the highest number of veterans of any in the UK, with about 12% of people having served, but the veterans agency is not assisting me and other MPs like me in serving my constituents, because when I raise issues with it, it insists on responding via ministerial correspondence from the Ministry of Defence.
There can therefore be no direct interface with it, making it very time-consuming and frustrating for my constituents.
Will the Minister get the veterans agency to introduce an MPs helpline so that veterans’ concerns can be answered quickly and efficiently?
I believe my hon.
Friend is referring to Veterans UK, which is being retired because I am well aware of the plethora of issues.
We have staff there who work incredibly hard but with very poor resource, and consequently the experience of veterans has not been what I want it to be.
We are retiring that brand and completely revamping those services—I take on board the point about an MPs hotline, which exists in other Departments.