These are not easy problems, particularly because of the recovery from the pandemic and the global situation on prices and supply chains, but we have a plan and we are methodically working through it with zero assistance from the Labour party.
On any issue and priority, we are sticking to that plan.
The reason we can do that and are not being blown off course is that we have some principles backing it up.
Unlike the Labour party, we understand our duty to the people of this country, whether that is setting up inquiries into infected blood and the Horizon scandal, or on the people’s priorities, which are also the Prime Minister’s five top priorities.
We have never wavered in our duty to the people of this country.
We have never wavered in our support to protect our country’s borders and protect the defence of the realm, unlike the hon.
Lady’s party which has six current shadow Cabinet members who voted against our continuous at-sea deterrent.
We are working to strengthen our borders and stop the boats.
The Labour party has voted consistently against that legislation.
We believe in supporting minimum service standards on vital public health services, including health and transport.
Labour has opposed that.
And we have taken tough decisions on helping the economy, including controlling borrowing, which is why inflation is down by 60% since October and the Office for Budget Responsibility forecasts inflation falling to 2.8% this year.
Labour’s stated policy on fiscal rules and spending means that it will have to raise taxes if it wants to stick to those fiscal rules, but it has not said what and when.
On all those things, we have a plan and it is working.
We are going to stick to it, despite what the Labour party is doing.
Labour has no plan, just a big fat bill for taxpayers.
I call the Father of the House.
I agree with a great deal of what the shadow Leader of the House,  the hon.
Member for Manchester Central (Lucy Powell)  said about Tony Lloyd, and I agree with much, if not all, that my right hon.
Friend the Leader of the House said on party politics, having a plan and delivering for the British people.
Next week, the Select Committee on the Holocaust Memorial Bill continues its hearings.
It had three sessions this week and transcripts can be made available in the Vote Office.
One issue that comes up is the Government’s continued failure to publish the minutes of the UK Holocaust Memorial Foundation from 2015 to 2016.
There was a consultation on a site for the proposed memorial and learning centre.
The consultants analysed the responses and shortlisted three.
Two days later the Government produced an alternative option, which was Victoria Tower Gardens.
No one outside the Department has seen the comparisons between the merits of Victoria Tower Gardens and other possible sites.
No one has seen the minutes of discussion changing the specification behind the backs of the public.
Will my right hon.
Friend look to see the redactions made by the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs and why it is continuing to instruct lawyers to oppose the freedom of information request, which is vital to the work of the Select Committee?
Through her, may I recommend to the Select Committee asking for that information and making it public?
I presume that the Father of the House is asking for a debate on the matter as well.
I know that this issue, which my hon.
Friend raises almost weekly, is of great concern to him, and that he wants to ensure that the final outcome of the process is as good as it can be.
I will again make sure that the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities has heard what he has said.