Our NHS will not function properly without accountability and choice.
The former Secretary of State for Health and Social Care, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for North East Cambridgeshire (Steve Barclay) , undertook work on patient outcomes data and the quality of commissioning in each board and across the UK, which will help to drive accountability.
Now that we have that data, I am sure it will make for a very interesting debate.
My hon.
Friend knows how to apply for a debate, and he may also wish to raise this matter with the Secretary of State on  23 January .
I call the Chair of the Backbench Business Committee.
I add my condolences to the family and friends of Tony Lloyd.
Last night, in the local I frequent in Kennington, Tony was remembered with great fondness by the regulars.
The manager, who is also a friend of mine, asked me to make it known that he really respected, loved and missed Tony Lloyd.
He will be missed by all in the House.
He was probably the nicest Manchester United supporter I have ever come across.
I thank the Leader of the House for announcing the business for next week and the Backbench Business debates for Thursday.
There will also be a Select Committee statement from the Procedure Committee on Commons scrutiny of Secretaries of State in the House of Lords.
If we are allocated time on  Thursday 1 February , we have lined up two debates, one on miners and mining communities, and one on freedom and democracy in Iran.
We are approaching the tabling of supplementary estimates, and the Backbench Business Committee will soon publish information on the application process for a day of debates in the Chamber.
The Committee is keen to receive applications for Westminster Hall debates, particularly for Thursdays.
I apologise to the Leader of the House, because last week I raised the subject of the Tyne bridge, which I raised again at Prime Minister’s questions yesterday, but it is a matter of urgency and I will quickly explain why.
The Tyne bridge and its surrounding buildings are the furthest inland nesting place for kittiwakes.
If we do not get the work started before the kittiwakes return from their wintering, it will become increasingly difficult because it will mean disturbing kittiwake nests.
We do not want to do that, so we want to get on with the work.
There is urgency from an environmental perspective, but also from a financial perspective.
The work really needs to be started as soon as possible.
I thank the Leader of the House for writing to the Department for Transport on my behalf last week, but I would like her to understand the urgency of why we need to do that.
I apologise, Mr Speaker, that I miss next week’s business questions, as I will be on Select Committee business.
Priorities, of course.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his very helpful advert to all Members for forthcoming debates.
I will ensure that the Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs has also heard the hon.
Gentleman’s concerns about the bridge and, again, I will ask the Department for Transport to lean in.
May I add my tribute to Tony Lloyd?
He was a good man, who never underestimated or undervalued the extreme power of kindness.
The Leader of the House will have seen last month’s judgment in the case of the Duke of Sussex v. Mirror Group Newspapers Ltd, which records that witnesses for MGN accepted that, in 2007, the Culture, Media and Sport Committee was misled by the then executives at The Mirror trying to conceal the illegal and unlawful activities that were going on.
The individual accused of misleading the Committee died in 2022.