How will he ensure that they are not vulnerable to similar attacks and that the country is not brought to a standstill?
The hon.
Lady is absolutely right to highlight that attack.
It demonstrates that such attacks can affect not just central Government; any agency of government can be subject to them.
Indeed, we discussed it at Cabinet just this week.
I continue to co-ordinate  activity through the ministerial cyber board, and the National Cyber Security Centre works closely with Government agencies, including the British Library, to ensure that they are as robustly prepared as they can be.
What recent discussions he has had with the independent adviser on ministers’ interests on ensuring transparency of declarations.
There is an established process in place for the declaration and management of interests held by Ministers, as set out in the ministerial code.
The independent adviser on ministers’ interests publishes a twice-yearly list of Ministers’ interests.
Since 2023, interim updates to the list are also issued as needed.
The latest list was published in December.
Public appointment declarations are important.
As the public face of scandal-ridden Greensill Capital, it has been said of Lord Cameron that he earned $10 million, was paid via an offshore trust and enjoyed many personal flights on Greensill’s planes.
Yet when challenged on his remunerations, Lord Cameron refused to answer, saying that he had been a private citizen and had declared all the information for the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
The reply that I received from the independent adviser about all that said that, on appointment, Ministers must declare their private interests.
I ask the Minister how a Member can get answers to questions about Lord Cameron’s employment before his appointment.
Surely, if someone gets a new public job, answers to fair questions should be laid out for us all to see?
As the hon.
Member says, integrity is vital in this place and we all adhere to high standards.
He will also know that there is an established regime in place for those declarations.
The Foreign Secretary has adhered to those and, as he has said, he has just one job now, Foreign Secretary of the United Kingdom.
He is very proud to have that job and to work with the Prime Minister to try to make sure our country is as safe and prosperous as possible.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
Please accept my apologies if my voice gives out part-way through my question; I will do my best.
Our thoughts in the SNP are with Tony Lloyd’s family, his constituents and all those feeling the pain of his loss today.
The Prime Minister and four Ministers, including the Foreign Secretary, hold their wealth in blind trusts or managements.
The “Ministerial Code” says:
“Ministers must ensure that no conflict arises, or appears to arise, between their public duties and their private interests”.
How can the public trust their politicians when that money is hidden from public scrutiny?
I repeat that there are established regimes in place for the declaration and management of interests, and they are overseen by an independent adviser, who publishes reports twice a year.
I read the report that was published in December.
Lord Cameron lobbied on behalf of the Chinese state’s belt and road initiative, aiding the geopolitical and economic interests of the Chinese Government.
The 49-day Prime Minister also sought to export defence equipment to China.
If there is nothing to fear, there is nothing to hide.
Will any new requirement be placed on UK politicians to disclose in full interests from foreign states, even when those are in blind trusts or managements?
I refer the hon.
Lady to the latest list of Ministers’ interests, which was published on  14 December 2023  and included the relevant interests of all Ministers forming the Government as of  14 December 2023 , including the Foreign Secretary.