Friend is referring to Veterans UK, which is being retired because I am well aware of the plethora of issues.
We have staff there who work incredibly hard but with very poor resource, and consequently the experience of veterans has not been what I want it to be.
We are retiring that brand and completely revamping those services—I take on board the point about an MPs hotline, which exists in other Departments.
I can confirm that we are looking to establish the same thing in the new organisation to meet these claims.
Given the Paymaster General’s answers to colleagues earlier, may I remind him that Sir Brian Langstaff said yesterday that compensation proposals were published in April 2023 and must be dealt with urgently?
Can he confirm that Sir Brian Langstaff’s proposals are being accepted by the Government in full and that there will be no watering down of the decision of this place when the other place discusses the Victims and Prisoners Bill?
The next stage of the Victims and Prisoners Bill in the other place will be the week after next, and that is where the Government will make clear their response to what the Commons has decided.
As  I said to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Worthing West (Sir Peter Bottomley)  a few moments ago, the issue of further interim payments will need to be considered in the round as the Government consider the recommendations of the second interim report.
We are very aware of the urgency of this.
However, as I am sure the hon.
Gentleman will understand, there is a lot of complexity with respect to the different cohorts and we are working on those as rapidly as we can with the experts now in place.
Ending veteran homelessness and rough sleeping has been an absolute passion of the veterans Minister.
Can he give us an update on how this is faring after the festive period?
We made a commitment that this Christmas we would end rough sleeping for veterans in the UK because of a lack of provision, and we met that promise.
We housed 407 of the most desperate, most vulnerable veterans across the UK and I am incredibly proud of that.
The charge towards ending all homelessness across the UK is clearly something we are all engaged in, but I am incredibly proud of the team at Op Fortitude.
I pay tribute to Lee Buss-Blair and the Riverside Group who worked throughout Christmas to achieve that objective.
It is a fantastic base to build from and I look forward to the day when these services are no longer required.
This week, the head of the National Audit Office told Parliament that between £4 billion and £8 billion of annual efficiencies could be achieved by better use of competition.
When so many areas of our public services are on their knees and would benefit from that funding, can the Secretary of State set out what steps he is taking to stop this colossal waste of taxpayers’ money?
Better competition and better procurement are at the heart of the Procurement Act 2023, which the hon.
Lady will have seen go through the House of Commons and the House of Lords last year.
The Act creates a world-leading framework for the good use of public money in acquiring goods and services.
As others have said this morning, every week victims of the contaminated blood scandal will die as we wait for the final report.
We know the will of the House on this.
Why do constituents have to wait any longer for the compensation scheme?
Yes, it is complex, but the Government have been repeatedly challenged on getting on with this and they are still not doing it.
We need it urgently.