Southport pier was a significant feature of our town’s life for over 163 years until it was closed by Sefton Council in December 2020.
Given the significance of piers to many towns around the country, particularly because of the economic impacts that they can have, will my right hon.
Friend agree to have a debate on how can they be restored and maintained for future generations?
I believe my hon.
Friend is referring to Veterans UK, which is being retired because I am well aware of the plethora of issues.
We have staff there who work incredibly hard but with very poor resource, and consequently the experience of veterans has not been what I want it to be.
We are retiring that brand and completely revamping those services.
I take on board the point about an MPs hotline, which exists in other Departments, and I can confirm that we are looking to establish the same thing in the new organisation to meet these claims.
As I have said, if the House of Commons has indicated its will by the amendment, that piece of legislation moves to the House of Lords and the Government will respond at that point.
That is the week after next.
That is the process of the House.
I have recognised the need to ensure that we get the clinical, legal and care experts in place.
They are in place, and they are working on some of the complex issues the hon.
Lady alludes to.
The psychological support is now in place, but I am doing everything I can in every dimension of this complicated problem to deliver as quickly as I can.
As I told the House yesterday, I have to report the death of Sir Tony Lloyd, the Member for Rochdale.
I know that hon.
Members from across the House will join me in mourning the loss of our colleague, and I invite all Members to join me in a minute’s silence in memory of Tony.
The House observed a one-minute silence.
I would like to assure the House that there will be an opportunity for all of us to pay tribute to Tony at a later date.
Our sympathies are with his family and friends.
He will be sadly missed across the House.
The Minister for the Cabinet Office was asked—
What recent discussions he has had with the chair of the Grenfell Tower inquiry on the timetable for publication of the phase 2 report.
What recent discussions he has had with the chair of the Grenfell Tower inquiry on the timetable for publication of the phase 2 report.
The Grenfell Tower inquiry is a statutory inquiry established under the Inquiries Act 2005.
Under the Act, the drafting of an inquiry’s final report and the timing of that process are rightly matters for the independent inquiry chair.
In its November 2023 newsletter, published on its website, the inquiry confirmed that
“the report will not be published before April next year but the Panel hopes to be able to send it to the Prime Minister before the next anniversary of the fire with publication soon thereafter.”
I thank the Minister for his response.
It is now nearly seven years since the Grenfell tragedy, in which 72 people lost their lives.
What assurances has he had from the inquiry chair that there will be no  further delays in the publication of the report?
It is essential that justice is done, and I know that view is echoed across the House.
The hon.
Gentleman will have seen, further to what I have just read out, the report that was published in November, in which the chair explained that rule 13 of the inquiry rules requires the inquiry
“to write to those who might be subject to criticism”
and give them fair time to respond.
The newsletter states:
“The rule 13 process is proving time consuming.”
However, I hope that the hon.