In spite of the Minister’s protestations, the evidence is to the contrary —[Interruption.]
Order.
We do not need the Parliamentary Private Secretary chipping in.
Is that understood?
I am sorry, Mr Speaker.
Thank you.
The fact that Ministers’ mates can get these lucrative contracts, as last month’s evidence showed, while tens of thousands of our constituents struggle to put food on the table is an absolute disgrace.
Of the £12.6 billion-worth of personal protective equipment contracts let in 2020, will the Minister confirm—I have evidence on this, so I advise him to choose his language carefully—that up to a third were fraudulent, or the result of profiteering or conflicts of interest?
I would be very interested to see the hon.
Lady’s evidence.
Where there is evidence of fraud, we will of course go after that, as we have done so in a number of high-profile cases.
Where investigations are ongoing, we will recoup as much money as we can for the British taxpayer.
I call the shadow Minister.
I, too, wish to put on the record my condolences to Tony Lloyd’s family.
He will be missed across the House, and across the Labour movement as a whole.
The Government lost £9 billion through duff, unusable PPE.
The Prime Minister, when Chancellor, signed off £7 billion-worth of dodgy covid loans.
Even today, the Government are losing £10 billion to tax fraud, £6 billion to universal credit fraud, and billions more across the public sector as a whole.
Is the truth not that families are paying £1,200 more on average in tax because the Government simply cannot be trusted with taxpayers’ money?
I really struggle with that line of questioning.
Opposition Members have very short memories.
This was the worst pandemic that we have had in over a century.
The pressures on Government were immense.
The accusation that we bought too much PPE is akin to people standing up in 1945 and saying that the Government bought too many Spitfires.
What steps his Department is taking to strengthen cyber-security.
I know that my right hon.
Friend is particularly interested in this issue following cyber-attacks in her constituency in 2019.
I can assure her that we are improving cyber-security defences across critical national infrastructure and Government organisations.
Initiatives such as GovAssure, which I launched last year, are setting higher standards for resilience, and the Government’s cyber co-ordination centre is enabling collaboration and information sharing on cyber-security best practice.
I add my condolences to those expressed to Tony’s family.
Cyber-security is the biggest risk that many companies face, but many small and medium-sized businesses are not insured.
Buying good-quality cyber-security insurance can involve a health check to ensure that systems are protected.
The UK is the world leader in insurance and Chelmsford has the largest cluster of insurance companies outside London, so will the Minister meet me and representatives of the London insurance market to discuss how an improved quality mark for cyber-security could increase the availability of cover, ensuring that businesses and public sector bodies are better protected?
I would be very happy to do so.
As my right hon.
Friend points out, cyber-insurance plays a vital role in helping to build resilience and we have a shared interest in developing it.
The National Cyber Security Centre has stood up the cyber-insurance industry working group, which is working through all these issues.
I have met with Lloyd’s of London, and both I and Treasury Ministers will be happy to have further such meetings.
Has the Secretary of State read the speech made by the Auditor General this week about cyber-security, which said that lack of investment in upgrading our infrastructure makes the Government vulnerable to cyber-attack?
Is he comfortable that we are safe from such attack?
Does that not show that the Tories are penny wise but pound stupid?
I am aware of the speech and I have spoken in the House on many occasions about the challenges we face on cyber-security.