Why do constituents have to wait any longer for the compensation scheme?
Yes, it is complex, but the Government have been repeatedly challenged on getting on with this and they are still not doing it.
We need it urgently.
As I have said, if the House of Commons has indicated its will by the amendment, that piece of legislation moves to the House of Lords and the Government will respond at that point.
That is the week after next.
That is the process of the House.
I have recognised the need to ensure that we get the clinical, legal and care experts in place.
They are in place, and they are working on some of the complex issues the hon.
Lady alludes to.
The psychological support is now in place, but I am doing everything I can in every dimension of this complicated problem to deliver as quickly as I can.[Official Report,  5 February 2024 , Vol.
745, c. 2MC.] (
Correction)
I have just listened to the Minister’s response, and I appreciate  that the situation is complex, but people are dying.
My constituent contacted me earlier this week.
He has renal failure and cirrhosis of the liver.
He wrote asking for
“faster resolution to the infected blood scandal compensation before it is too late for myself and others to see full and final resolution”.
It might be too late for my constituent—he cannot wait two more weeks—but can the Minister outline how many people have received interim payments and how many are still outstanding?
A large number of payments were made available quickly in the last quarter of 2022.
I fully recognise the absolute tragedy that this is.
Every death is a tragedy.
This is the biggest scandal in the NHS’s history.
I recognise and acknowledge that.
The victims’ organisations said that there were 141 deaths last year, and I am doing everything I can to find solutions as quickly as possible.
Arm’s length bodies across Government spend more than £200 billion a year, and my Committee has been looking at that issue.
The Government launched the public bodies review programme as part of their latest drive to look at quangos, but there is little in the public domain.
Will the Minister commit to publishing the review of individual quangos as it goes through?
What will the final publication date be for the outcome of the review?
In the spring statement in March 2022, the review of public bodies was announced, as the hon.
Lady knows.
That will give us significant savings.
There are 125 arm’s length body reviews, covering 90% of arm’s length body expenditure.
Honestly, I am not familiar with the exact protocols around publication, but I am happy to look into it, and I will come back to her.
In 2012, the Cabinet Office rejected my request that it fund the forensic investigation into the Horizon IT system by Second Sight.
Indeed, the Cabinet Office insisted that the Post Office pay for its own investigation, which ultimately allowed the Post Office to try to control and coerce the lead investigator Ron Warmington, thus delaying justice for the sub-postmasters.
Will the Minister look into the reasoning behind this historic decision and write to me about it, please?
I am happy to do that.
What discussions has the Minister had with the Police Service of Northern Ireland’s cyber protect team in relation to learning the hard lessons that have arisen from the numerous data breaches of office information across the PSNI and throughout the United Kingdom?
This was an appalling incident, as the hon.
Gentleman knows, and it highlighted big flaws in how data is handled in respect of freedom of information requests.
We have issued further guidance on how such requests should be handled, but I continue to work with officials in my Department and across Government to make sure that that sort of incident never happens again.