The Government are just obfuscating and kicking the can down the road.
We know that we are at the fag end of the Government, but these things need dealing with now.
Why can we not have some co-operation to bring matters to a conclusion for those people?
In last week’s session, I spoke about many of the inquiries and issues that the hon.
Gentleman raises.
I am proud of this Government’s record in bringing forward, for the first time in some instances, inquiries into such matters and in making public apologies on behalf of the state about some of those issues.
I will not repeat what I said earlier about the legislation and progress on infected blood, but I will repeat the statement with which I ended my evidence to the infected blood inquiry about why the inquiry is so important, not just to a comparatively small group who have been affected or infected, but to all of us, because it could have been any one of us—anyone in the country could have been affected.
How the state responds to such matters is incredibly important and we all want to see justice done.
Last week, I wrote to the Cabinet Office about how we could learn lessons from the series of inquiries we have set up.
I know that the Paymaster General is in regular touch with the all-party groups that are primarily concerned with the issues the hon.
Gentleman raises, and with  the right hon.
Member for Kingston upon Hull North (Dame Diana Johnson) .
In addition, many people in the House and other stakeholders are engaged in consultations and providing their input.
We are determined to get these long-running injustices resolved; that has been our visible track record.
When I was Paymaster General, I admitted that there is a  moral obligation on infected blood and I set up the compensation study.
We will deliver on it with, I hope, the support of Opposition Members.
I send my condolences to the family and friends of Tony Lloyd.
I did not know him well personally, but I knew him well within this place.
He was not just well respected but well liked, which is quite hard for a politician of such tenure.
He was also known to be very kind, and the immeasurable difference he made to this place will last for generations.
I recently spoke to a constituent who was concerned about fraudsters knocking on doors, dressed as if they worked for a commercial business, with the intention to scam usually vulnerable residents.
Will my right hon.
Friend advise on how that issue can be addressed to ensure that residents feel safer when opening the door to people who are supposedly selling to them?
May I start by saying how good it is to see my hon.
Friend in his place again, fit and well?
Earlier we heard from an Opposition Member about cold-calling zones and measures that are put in place to protect areas with a high volume of vulnerable people, which is one way to address the problem that my hon.
Friend raises.
That is within the gift of local authorities and may be something his local residents wish to see.
I will also ask the relevant Department on his behalf whether there is any good practice that can be passed to my hon.
Friend’s office.
Time and again, the Government have ignored warnings about the crisis brewing in adult social care, children’s services and homelessness that, combined with rising costs, is pushing local council finances over the brink.
The result is that from lunch clubs to libraries, and from art groups to youth centres to supporting bus services, communities are losing the things that bring people together and support their lives.