Friend’s office.
Time and again, the Government have ignored warnings about the crisis brewing in adult social care, children’s services and homelessness that, combined with rising costs, is pushing local council finances over the brink.
The result is that from lunch clubs to libraries, and from art groups to youth centres to supporting bus services, communities are losing the things that bring people together and support their lives.
Can we have a debate in Government time on the impact that this loss of social infrastructure is having on communities, and particularly on the old, the young, the sick, the disabled and those who already face extreme poverty?
The hon.
Lady will know how to apply for a debate in the usual way, but I also draw her attention to the local government finance settlement and the offer from the Secretary of State and his Ministers to discuss that with Members.
I urge her to take him up on that offer if she so desires.
I also point to the work and focus across many Government Departments on the issues that she raises.
I am thinking in particular of the Department of Health and Social Care and the work that the Minister for Veterans’ Affairs, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Plymouth, Moor View (Johnny Mercer) , has been undertaking with regard to homelessness.
Last week, I met my constituent, Kym Ledgar, a former sub-postmistress and former representative of the National Federation of SubPostmasters.
I was already appalled but am now incensed by the stories that the victims of the Post Office Horizon scandal have to tell.
I welcome  the Government’s commitment to complete the process of exonerations and resolve outstanding compensation claims as soon as possible, but those responsible need to be held accountable.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that the Government should learn from victims of this appalling miscarriage of justice?
Will she find parliamentary time to debate the introduction of a whistleblower Bill to protect brave citizens who speak out against corporate wrongdoing in the future?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her work on that matter.
Her question comes in a week when we have also seen reports about previous whistleblowers on other issues, such as Maggie Oliver and her work on grooming gangs, at tremendous personal cost to herself, losing her career and livelihood in the process.
We owe those individuals a huge debt of gratitude, and I will certainly make sure that the Cabinet Office has heard what my hon.
Friend has said.
As I mentioned, I wrote last week to the Cabinet Office asking it to reflect on what it could learn from Horizon and from other inquiries that we have established.
My hon.
Friend may wish to raise the matter directly at the Business and Trade questions on  25 January .
There was no transport Bill in the King’s Speech and therefore no opportunity to update legislation relating to e-scooters and e-bikes, and, obviously, we have seen a massive increase in their use.
May we have an opportunity, on behalf of constituents who regularly raise with me the antisocial use of e-bikes and e-scooters, to question Ministers on what more they can do to tackle this?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her question; I know this is an issue of concern to many Members across the House.
She will know how to apply for a debate, but I will also make sure that the Secretaries of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities and for Transport have heard what she said.
The House will know that I have repeatedly raised my concerns about image and performance-enhancing drugs.
It is estimated that between half a million and a million people are using these drugs, so may I pay tribute to the sports Minister, who has agreed to join a roundtable discussion with me next week that will bring together academics, clinicians, groups and the police to discuss the matter further?