Is he comfortable that we are safe from such attack?
Does that not show that the Tories are penny wise but pound stupid?
I am aware of the speech and I have spoken in the House on many occasions about the challenges we face on cyber-security.
It is an increasing threat landscape, but the Government are taking a range of actions to improve our cyber-security, not least GovAssure, which I announced last year.
That is about going through the cyber-security of all Departments to bring it up to scratch.
We published the cyber-policy handbook and we have introduced “secure by design” principles so that all new Government IT procurement projects are secure from the outset.
I call the shadow Minister.
The recent British Library incident is a stark reminder of the terrifying security risk and enormous cost of cyber-attacks, and recent ministerial answers have revealed a shockingly high number of red-rated IT systems across Government Departments.
I hear the Secretary of State’s words, but given that the Government’s cyber-security strategy tells us that
“transparent central governance structures will maintain oversight and responsibility for cross-government cyber security risk”,
will he now set out the Government’s timetable for remedying this shocking situation and explain how he will keep the House updated on progress?
We know about this in the first place because of the work undertaken by the Government to fully understand the cyber-security risks facing this country.
We are better prepared than most countries around the world.
None the less, in respect of the red- rated systems, we are developing remediation plans, all of which will be in place by next year.
We are tracking progress and are confident that we will achieve over £1 billion in efficiency savings, in addition to achieving greater resilience by next year.
What steps his Department is taking to improve access to public sector procurement processes for small and medium-sized businesses.
What steps his Department is taking to improve access to public sector procurement processes for small and medium-sized businesses.
The Procurement Act 2023 will deliver simpler and more effective public sector procurement, and it will help SMEs secure a greater share of approximately £300 billion of expenditure every year.
The Act includes a new duty on contracting authorities to have regard to the particular barriers facing SMEs and to consider how they can be overcome.
To some extent, SMEs have historically been blocked out by large companies.
This week it was reported that the Government tried to block Fujitsu from bidding for future contracts, on the basis of woeful performance in previous contracts.
Government lawyers have advised that this cannot be done, but they are wrong.
Will the Government give further serious thought  to blocking large companies with terrible track records, such as Fujitsu, from bidding for future contracts and, if necessary, legislate accordingly?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his question.
As he will know, there are clearly defined circumstances in which the Government can exclude companies from bidding for contracts.
With regard to Fujitsu, he may be interested to hear that this morning the Cabinet Office received a letter from Fujitsu voluntarily undertaking not to bid for Government contracts while the inquiry is ongoing, unless of course the Government asked it to do so.
When it comes to small and medium-sized enterprises getting Government contracts, sometimes the devil is in the detail and the unintended consequences.
One business has told me that the prior year turnover to contract ratio restriction in public procurement is hindering the growth of businesses such as Kromek in NETPark, Sedgefield, forcing them to surrender margins to prime contractors and meet the contracting eligibility requirements, costing the UK Government the best innovation and costing SMEs growth.
Will the Minister please commit to exploring alternative measures for assessing contract eligibility, including looking at the model of the US Government and their associated agencies?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.