Having a job is the No.
1 factor that improves the life chances of any veteran in this country; it is the real focus of what we are doing at the Office of Veterans’ Affairs, and I am incredibly proud of those efforts.
Again, I lament the fact that that is not reflected by Labour.
I want to see that change as we go into the next election, so that veterans know that whoever wins it, their interests will be represented properly.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
This week, I signed an agreement on biological security between the United Kingdom and the United States.
This strategic dialogue will mean sharing more data, collaborating on research and co-ordinating action, preparing for a whole spectrum of biological threats.
I also signed a memorandum of co-operation on cyber partnership with Japan, helping to fulfil a key element of the Hiroshima accord.
This week, the Government are making available a free portrait of His Majesty the King.
Available to all public buildings, this portrait will hang in schools, police stations and local authorities, serving as a reminder of the country’s ultimate public service.
I am sure the whole House will wish to join me in wishing His Majesty the King and Her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales very swift recoveries.
It emerged this week that Avanti West Coast bosses were recently caught giving PowerPoint presentations bragging about receiving free money from the Government.
Is this value for money?
I am not aware of those allegations, but they sound very concerning and I am very happy to look into them on behalf of the hon.
Lady.
Last year, the Government trialled their emergency alerts system.
This summer, I had the joy of going to South Korea.
Unfortunately, I was caught up in the typhoon, but there were many such alerts telling people where roads were closed or flooded.
Recently in Leicestershire, the likes of Shenton and Witherley came under the cosh of flooding, and my constituents are wondering whether the alert system could be used for something like this, as the Government website states that it can.
Yes, the service is available, but it is up to local responders to determine whether to put in a request for it.
In this case, they did not do so.
I would commend the local responders—whether the Environment Agency, the police or the fire service—for their response.
That tool is available to them should they need it.
I call the shadow Minister.
I echo the condolences that have been given to the family of Tony Lloyd.
Further to the question about flooding, yesterday the Public Accounts Committee said that over 200,000 properties in England were vulnerable to flooding, and the budget for flood protection is now expected to cover 40% fewer properties than the Government originally said it would.
We have seen the devastation that flooding can do in recent weeks and the terrible consequences for those affected.
Given the Cabinet Office’s responsibility for resilience, can the Secretary of State explain why the plan is so far behind schedule and what the Government will do to protect the 200,000 properties that may now be left without adequate flood protection?
As the right hon.
Gentleman highlights, the Cabinet Office has responsibility for resilience under a lead Government Department model, but the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs is responsible for individual flood defences.
We have put record sums into flood defences and we have provided record flood defence building.
Clearly, there is more to do to allocate those resources, but we have made considerable progress.
This week, Gareth Davies, the head of the National Audit Office, said that Ministers could save up to £20 billion a year of taxpayers’ money by modernising IT systems, tackling fraud and better management of major projects such as HS2.