Will the Minister please commit to exploring alternative measures for assessing contract eligibility, including looking at the model of the US Government and their associated agencies?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
I know that he will have followed the passage of the Procurement Act 2023 through Parliament closely, as will businesses in his constituency—particularly SMEs, I hope.
He will have seen that the Act removes unnecessary obstacles relating to audited accounts and insurance for the conditions of participation, meaning that small businesses will no longer be shut out of the procurement process or incur unnecessary costs.
That duty that I referred to earlier for those procuring Government contracts to consider how to remove barriers to SMEs will really change the landscape for our small and medium-sized enterprises.
In his reply to  the right hon.
Member for Haltemprice and Howden (Sir David Davis) , the Minister totally missed the point, because he referred to defined reasons why companies could be excluded.
The Government and Parliament make the rules.
They have been dragging their feet month after month, year after year, on changing that in this regard, but also in terms of supporting domestic industry, as every other major economy does.
When will they sort this out and get it down to the House and into the rules, over civil service intransigence and delaying tactics?
The right hon.
Gentleman will have heard what I just said to my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Haltemprice and Howden (Sir David Davis) .
I know that, as a lover of due process, he will believe that the statutory inquiry should appropriately have the final word on this.
And when it does, we will have absolutely no compunction in acting.
May I, too, convey my sympathies to the family of Tony Lloyd?
I thank you, Mr Speaker, for allowing us the opportunity to come together more fully as a House to pay tribute.
I thank the Minister for his answer.
My constituents in Strangford, and indeed people across Northern Ireland, including a large number of small and medium-sized enterprises and businesses—they create many jobs, wage packets and opportunities—very much want to be part of this process, and I know the Minister is keen to support us.
What can be done for defence procurement, for example, and also for the food and agriculture sectors, because we have great companies that have the potential to do better.
Can the Minister add his support?
I certainly can.
As my hon.
Friend will know, Northern Ireland agreed to be part of the new procurement regime when we passed the Procurement Act, which is fantastic.
Sadly, that is unlike our friends in Scotland, who will miss out on all the benefits of the best modern procurement framework in the world.
That means that small and medium-sized enterprises in his constituency will now have a better opportunity to bid for Government contracts.
I very much enjoyed being in Northern Ireland at the end of last year.
I am going again in the next few months and would be happy to meet any businesses that he would like to put me in touch with.
What steps he is taking to improve support for female veterans.
The Government will publish our first women veterans’ strategy in the spring, focusing on the specific needs of women veterans.
The Office for Veterans’ Affairs has provided £445,000 to better understand the experience of women veterans and to increase support for those who have experienced military sexual trauma.
I thank the right hon.
Member for his answer.
Will he join me in recognising female veterans who not only served themselves—as I know he did—but support veterans in their local communities, such as my constituent Morag Lightning?