He was a good man, who never underestimated or undervalued the extreme power of kindness.
The Leader of the House will have seen last month’s judgment in the case of the Duke of Sussex v. Mirror Group Newspapers Ltd, which records that witnesses for MGN accepted that, in 2007, the Culture, Media and Sport Committee was misled by the then executives at The Mirror trying to conceal the illegal and unlawful activities that were going on.
The individual accused of misleading the Committee died in 2022.
Does the Leader of the House agree that any attempts to mislead Committees are unacceptable, but especially those by media organisations, from which the public and Parliament expect honesty and integrity?
Will she commit to keep the important issue of Select Committee powers under review, so that Committees such as mine can continue to operate without obstruction?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question.
The powers and privileges of this House are necessary to enable Parliament to function freely and fully, and it is vital that Select Committees are able to obtain full and accurate evidence from witnesses as part of their inquiries.
That is critical.
The powers available to this House and Select Committees have been under continual review, and they have been investigated numerous times in the past decades.
It is, of course, very frustrating when witnesses do not co-operate with Select Committees, and the Government support this House in asserting its powers to ensure that it can scrutinise effectively.
May I say how sad we on the Liberal Democrat Benches are that Tony Lloyd has passed away?
I was a councillor in Rochdale when Tony became the first police and crime commissioner in Greater Manchester.
He was such a decent man, and a sincere politician and public servant.
Warm and comfortable homes are crucial to reach net zero and reduce energy bills.
People should be encouraged to invest in energy-saving measures, but a complicated certification landscape means that it is difficult to find qualified and reliable installers.
A review of this issue has been recommended by the Competition and Markets Authority and supported by Which?
Can we please have a debate in Government time on consumer protections in the green heating and insulation sector?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her very important question.
The Competition and Markets Authority is doing important work in a number of areas, and that is one of them.
We have had announcements  on petrol retail, for example, in the last week.
I shall certainly make sure that the Secretary of State has heard her concerns about that particular area.
Southport pier was a significant feature of our town’s life for over 163 years until it was closed by Sefton Council in December 2022.
Given the significance of piers to many towns around the country, particularly because of the economic impacts that they can have, will my right hon.
Friend agree to have a debate on how can they be restored and maintained for future generations?
The Government recognise the importance of these often much-loved heritage assets.
That is why part of the coastal communities fund was there to renovate heritage buildings, particularly piers and lidos, and we have done that.
We have renovated an enormous number of those types of structures across the UK.
Even sadder than the pier closing is the fact that it received £2 million through the coastal communities fund and only a few years ago underwent a £2.7 million enhancement.
There are questions about the use of that public money and what my hon.
Friend’s local authority is doing.
I want to alert the Leader of the House to action by a private security firm on the Wynyard estate in my constituency to stop legitimate political campaigning.
There are thousands of homes on the estate, but Chris McDonald, who I hope will succeed me as the Labour MP for Stockton North, was ordered to leave the area by guards.