Gentleman for his question.
The fact that he has held a debate in this place and that it was well attended shows that there is great scrutiny of and interest in these matters.
He will know that he has other options for applying for a debate.
He is sitting next to the Chair of the Backbench Business Committee,  the hon.
Member for Gateshead (Ian Mearns) , and I am sure that some of the things he said in his question would be considered favourably—meaning that his application would be considered favourably.
I would encourage him to apply for a debate.
He knows that he can secure a debate on that subject, because he has just recently done so.
I will also just emphasise that there is no evidence linking excess deaths to the covid-19 vaccine.
Analysis from the Office for National Statistics, published in August last year, shows that people who have had a covid-19 vaccine have a lower mortality rate than those who have not been vaccinated.
The issue of excess deaths is important to scrutinise, and clearly the covid inquiry is looking at those issues too, but we need to be careful in our messaging to ensure that—it is individuals’ choice—people have the facts about vaccines of all kinds.
Barnsley East has missed out on all levelling-up funding.
The local council has put in an excellent bid to support and develop Elsecar Heritage Centre, but in the latest round of announcements we were told that it would be decided separately from the national funding round as a culture and heritage bid, yet DLUHC makes the decision.
Will the Leader of the House inform us when the Government will make this announcement?
I wish the hon.
Lady and her colleagues in her constituency good luck with the bid.
She will know that if a bid has not been scored to be particularly good in a round of funding, officials from that Department will quite often work with the local authority and other stakeholders to improve the bid and ensure that it is robust—I am not saying that that is the case for the hon.
Lady, but it is good that she is still in the process.
I will do all I can to assist her in ensuring that the bid is in good shape.
I shall ask the Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport to give her an update on timing, as the next oral questions for that Department have not yet been given a date.
As has been amply demonstrated this week, the highlands and islands have the coldest climate in the UK.
We have the highest levels of fuel poverty and pay the highest bills, despite generating six times the electricity that we use.
Energy policy is entirely reserved to the Westminster Government.
May we have a debate in Government time on establishing a highlands energy rebate, along the lines of what the Chancellor has proposed for those in new electricity-generating equipment areas for those living among the existing electricity-generating equipment?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question.
I shall certainly ensure that the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero has heard his suggestion and, given that the next oral questions have not yet been given a date, ask the Department to respond to him.
Given that there is a debate later today on HS2 compensation, and that Skelmersdale in my constituency has repeatedly been denied any support for a train station—infamously, it still has none—will the Leader of the House share her thoughts on the Department for Transport’s Network North advert that boasted of rerouting £235 million of HS2 funds from the north to fix potholes in London?
I am not sure I have seen that Government advertisement, so I cannot comment on it.
However, if that is a matter of concern to the hon.