Friend’s local authority is doing.
I want to alert the Leader of the House to action by a private security firm on the Wynyard estate in my constituency to stop legitimate political campaigning.
There are thousands of homes on the estate, but Chris McDonald, who I hope will succeed me as the Labour MP for Stockton North, was ordered to leave the area by guards.
He was told that they did not allow cold callers, and that was how they categorised Labour activists.
The Leader of the House will recognise that as anti-democratic, denying thousands of people the right to hear from those who seek to represent them.
I would be obliged if she could use her offices to investigate the silencing of politicians, and make it clear that people of whatever political colour should not be stopped carrying out perfectly legal activities.
I will certainly ensure that the Cabinet Office has heard about that case.
I think there is sometimes a misunderstanding about the function of local councillors and Members of Parliament when they go door to door, trying to identify issues.
There are certain areas in local authorities, particularly those with a high volume of quite vulnerable people, where cold calling zones are in place.
That is perfectly proper.
I will certainly raise the matter with Ministers, but I also encourage Members to address such issues directly and locally.
Often these things are misunderstandings.
If people say what their business is in a particular area, hopefully such incidents will not arise, but I will ensure that Ministers have heard the hon.
Gentleman.
May I add my words of condolence to the family of Tony Lloyd?
I served with him on the International Trade Committee.
He always made a valuable contribution and will be sadly missed.
The RAC recently published a report calling on the Government to commission an independent inquiry into headlight glare.
Members will be aware that headlights  on vehicles are now much brighter, with LED lights.
In my constituency, the local paper the Grimsby Telegraph has carried a report on the issue, which is clearly of concern to many of my constituents.
May we have a statement from a Transport Minister about whether the Government intend to commission such a review?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this important matter.
I know it is of concern to many people, which is why the RAC has highlighted it.
He will know that in the current provisions for vehicle headlamps there is a maximum and minimum light intensity, and specifications for the light pattern and the position of the lights on the vehicle.
This is a highly regulated area.
My hon.
Friend can raise the matter directly with the Secretary of State on  8 February , but I will ensure that he is aware of the survey and what the RAC has said.
I thank my hon.
Friend for his campaign.
I will be here to pay tribute to my friend Tony Lloyd at the appropriate time.
The Hillsborough inquiry, the Post Office Horizon scandal, Windrush, contaminated blood, and LGBTQ veterans have all been the subject of reports, and they are all examples of how the state treats working-class people when it should be there to support them.
Victims of the last three of those scandals—Windrush, contaminated blood and veterans—are still waiting for their compensation to be sorted out and for the outcomes of the reports to be enacted.
Can we have some form of cross-party arrangement whereby we can all come to an agreement on how we should respond to the reports and treat those people with the dignity to which they are entitled?
The Government are just obfuscating and kicking the can down the road.
We know that we are at the fag end of the Government, but these things need dealing with now.
Why can we not have some co-operation to bring matters to a conclusion for those people?