This was an appalling incident, as the hon.
Gentleman knows, and it highlighted big flaws in how data is handled in respect of freedom of information requests.
We have issued further guidance on how such requests should be handled, but I continue to work with officials in my Department and across Government to make sure that that sort of incident never happens again.
That completes Cabinet Office questions, and we will soon be going on to the next set of questions.
As I said, next week we will be paying tribute to our friend Tony Lloyd following his tragic death, but I have   no doubt that the shadow Leader of the House, who took over his previous seat, will have a comment to make.
I am just watching the clock tick down—we are nearly there.
We head now to business questions.
I call the shadow Leader of the House.
Beautifully done, Mr Speaker.
May I ask the Leader of the House for the business for next week?
The business for the week commencing  22 January  will include:
Monday 22 January —Second reading of the Offshore Petroleum Licensing Bill.
Tuesday 23 January —Opposition day (3rd allotted day).
Debate on a motion in the name of the Official Opposition, subject to be announced.
Wednesday 24 January —General debate on Defence and International Affairs.
Thursday 25 January —General debate on Holocaust Memorial Day.
The subject for this debate was determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 26 January —Private Members’ Bills.
The provisional business for the week commencing  29 January  includes:
Monday 29 January —Second reading of the Trade (Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership) Bill [Lords].
Tuesday 30 January —Remaining stages of the Media Bill.
I thank the Leader of the House.
I want to start by paying my own tribute to my dear and hon.
Friend Sir Tony Lloyd.
The words spoken about Tony since his passing yesterday, which have come from across this House and the political divide, really are a reflection of the special person he was.
He was kind, sincere and driven by his deep values and principles.
He worked with everyone necessary to further a cause, and always with integrity and humanity.
Tony was also my predecessor as MP for Manchester Central.
As I said many years ago in my maiden speech, he was a brilliant man, first elected in 1983, serving Stretford and then Manchester Central for 29 years before being elected as police and crime commissioner for Greater Manchester.
He then returned to Parliament to serve the people of Rochdale from 2017.
He was an incredibly hard act to follow; I still often find myself in his shadow.
For the first few years, I had to accept the frequent complaint that I just was not as good.
Some of my constituents still say, “You’re no Tony Lloyd, are you?”
He was a proud Mancunian—but we did disagree on football as he was a long-standing season ticket holder for United.
We all knew what Tony stood for and the causes he held dear and tirelessly campaigned for, but in all the years I knew him I cannot remember ever hearing him raise his voice.
He went about his politics differently.
For him, politics was all about relationships and discussion, whether in this place, internationally, on the street or in his beloved pub.
That is what earned him so much loyalty from everyone who knew him—because he was such a thoroughly nice bloke.
My thoughts are with his family, his friends and his staff at this difficult time. [
Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear!”]
Tony was not afraid to champion little-heard or unpopular causes, such as his campaigning on mesothelioma.
One of his last acts just this week was to join more than 100 Members and peers and my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Kingston upon Hull North (Dame Diana Johnson)  in calling for urgent action on infected blood compensation.