Will any new requirement be placed on UK politicians to disclose in full interests from foreign states, even when those are in blind trusts or managements?
I refer the hon.
Lady to the latest list of Ministers’ interests, which was published on  14 December 2023  and included the relevant interests of all Ministers forming the Government as of  14 December 2023 , including the Foreign Secretary.
Our clear-eyed position on China remains unchanged and our approach of engaging directly and robustly with China in the UK national interest is the right one and is firmly in line with that of our G7 and Five Eyes partners.
Whether he has had discussions with Cabinet colleagues on the potential impact of the use of AI on the delivery of public services.
I discuss this area regularly with Cabinet colleagues.
The Incubator for Artificial Intelligence, which I announced last year, will recruit experts from the private sector, academia and beyond, who will work with Departments to rapidly and responsibly develop new applications for artificial intelligence across Government, as part of radical plans to harness the potential of AI to improve lives and public services.
I join others in paying tribute to the great Sir Tony Lloyd; our thoughts and prayers are with his family today.
I thank the Minister for his answer.
As the Government have started work on an artificial intelligence hit squad to eliminate civil service jobs and replace human labour, it is of urgent importance that they lay out the safeguards they will enact.
The childcare benefit scandal in the Netherlands in 2021, where artificial intelligence baked in racial profiling that discriminated against minorities, highlights the necessity of strict controls and protections, so will the Minister reveal what steps they are taking to prevent the harmful use of artificial intelligence?
It is not the case that this is about taking jobs off civil servants; it is to enable them to do their jobs better and more efficiently for the benefit of the public we serve in this place.
In respect of the measures that we are taking to ensure that we follow best practice, the Government’s Central Digital and Data Office is ensuring a high delivery of quality and regular testing of that software throughout all stages of development.
In addition, there is a service assessment model, so we are taking a number of steps to ensure that we guard against the risks that the hon.
Gentleman highlights.
What progress his Department has made on implementing the interim recommendations of the infected blood inquiry.
As I set out on  18 December , I am pleased with the progress that we have made in appointing an expert group to assist on technical detailed considerations of those recommendations.
It was announced yesterday that the final report will be published on  20 May , and the Government are committed to updating Parliament on the next steps within 25 sitting days of publication.
The publication of the final report into the infected blood scandal has yet again been delayed, causing dismay for hundreds of people, including some of my Chester constituents, who are still waiting for justice.
In this matter, time is precious.
The Government committed to introducing primary legislation early in the new year to enable the establishment of the compensation scheme.
Given that the House has shown its majority support, will the Minister confirm that the Government will now get on with it?
I take the will of the House very seriously.
That vote was on  4 December  as part of the Victims and Prisoners Bill, which will now be working through its next stage in the other place the week after next.
I have been working with colleagues across Government to ensure that we are able to respond appropriately at that time.
I call Father of the House.
The House understands that it is the Minister’s Department that has to co-ordinate government, and that is not an easy thing to do.