I know that this issue, which my hon.
Friend raises almost weekly, is of great concern to him, and that he wants to ensure that the final outcome of the process is as good as it can be.
I will again make sure that the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities has heard what he has said.
The next session of questions to the Secretary of State will be on  22 January , and my hon.
Friend may wish to raise the matter with him directly.
This is the kind of information that should be in the public domain, so that people can make good decisions, although on some matters—relating to security concerns, for example—it may be sensible to redact.
Let me start by associating myself with all the remarks about Tony Lloyd, whom I always found to be a very good and decent man.
Once again, I am indebted to the Leader of the House.
Her eccentric video last week, in which she joked about Tupperware and the Stone of Destiny, excited quite a response in Scotland. “
Why is she always on about Scotland?”
people ask.
The Tories have given us a joke Minister for common sense, and now it looks as if we have a Minister for clickbait.
Scotland does seem to be just a big joke for the Leader of the House.
The brief seems clear: to rubbish and insult Scots every week during business questions.
Of course she is not alone—this seems to be Tory policy nowadays—but she is adding value now by producing full-page articles in the papers about how awful Scotland is, along with a new clickbait video every week.
All that effort, Mr Speaker!
Although, given the very bad news for her party in this week's YouGov poll, perhaps these joke videos are in fact auditions.
Perhaps it is not so much “stand up and fight” as stand-up comedian.
Meanwhile, the record of the right hon.
Lady’s own Government is absolutely nothing to joke about, with destitution rising, doctors on strike crippling the English NHS, sea coasts foul with pollution, inhumane treatment of asylum seekers and the breaching of international law, unresolved scandals piling up, and the crushing impact of one of the worst Tory jokes of all, Brexit.
But before we are treated to—oh, I don’t know, perhaps an attack on the Scottish Government and praise for the bullish actions of the zombie Scotland Office—let me say this.
Surely Scotland can find a better use for—what is it now, over 12 million quid?—than funding that ever-expanding propaganda unit beavering away behind the scenes, undermining the work of the Scottish Parliament and, of course, assisting the Leader of the House with her scripts each week.
Closer to this place, however, we have the Westminster joke of the other place, with its 860 or so ermine-clad peers but one notable absentee.
The right hon.
Lady’s Scottish Tory friend and colleague Baroness Mone is currently not a sitting Member, because she has taken leave of absence by her own choice.
It is being reported in the Daily Record that Baroness Mone claims she is still a Conservative as far as she is concerned, because she never had the Whip removed.
Can the Leader of the House confirm that if Baroness Mone resumes her position in the other place tomorrow, as I believe she is entitled to do, she can sit as a Conservative?
If not,  exactly when was the Whip removed?
Can the Leader of the House make time to answer that question before reading out this week's hilarious clickbait script?
The hon.
Lady should thank me.
I have been giving her publicity that money cannot buy, and I think it is encouraging that we have generated such a following and such an interest in what goes on in the Chamber during business questions.
Let me make it clear to the hon.
Lady that I am not talking Scotland down.