Half a million pounds per month to house zero asylum seekers on this floating symbol of failure feels utterly extortionate.
Why is it that the only boat this Government have managed to stop is their own?
I am somewhat surprised by the hon.
Gentleman’s change of tune: he is on the record in the media as supporting our use of the barge, so a change of heart is welcome.
We have assessed the barge—it  has been under constant scrutiny—and we will be re-embarking people on to that barge as soon as is practical and possible.
What is clear is that the hon.
Gentleman simply has no answers for how to solve the broader problem.
The truth is that Labour’s policy has not survived contact with reality: it has been denounced by the EU, its shadow Ministers are making it up as they go along, and the leader has had to backtrack—and it has not even been a week.
Only the Conservative party has a plan that is based on reality, deterrence and delivery, and it will stop the boats.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
OpenDemocracy recently revealed the extent of self-harm and suicide in immigration removal centres—in particular, Harmondsworth and Colnbrook, where 24 self-harm incidents occurred in March, which is more than over the three previous months combined.
Emma Ginn, director of Medical Justice, has said:
“We are not confident that the Home Office considers the value of the lives of those in its care in detention as fully human.”
What is the Home Secretary doing to ensure that those in Home Office immigration removal centres do not face such desperate circumstances that they seek to take their own lives?
As I said, the safety of all of those in our care is a priority for the Home Office, and the standard of habitation—whether that is in our asylum accommodation estate more broadly, or specifically in our immigration removal centres—is one that always, as far as the law requires, meets high standards.
Those standards are rigorously scrutinised and monitored, and those who have concerns have avenues to make complaints via the migrant helpline.
What steps she is taking to increase police resources.
What steps she is taking to increase police resources.
I am sure that the whole House will join me in sending our very sincere condolences to the family of Sergeant Graham Saville, who a week or two ago so tragically lost his life in the line of duty, saving another in the constituency of my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Newark (Robert Jenrick) .
Our thoughts and prayers are with his family.
He made the ultimate sacrifice, and we are grateful to him.
To answer my hon.
Friends’ questions, total police funding this year stands at £17.2 billion, a record level.
Frontline policing received an extra £550 million this year compared with last year, and I am pleased to report once again that we have a record number of police officers across England and Wales: 149,566, which is 3,500 more than we ever had under the last Labour Government.
As always, the devil is in the detail.
In Durham, we see funding pressure on both police and fire services, which is not helped by our local tax base being so low: we have A to C in most regions.
The fire  service has a coherent—albeit very challenged—programme, but the Labour police and crime commissioner knew 10 years ago that Newton Aycliffe police station was going to be moved away from the fire station, and she is still scrambling around.
Does the Minister agree that good plans help cost-effective delivery, and will he meet me to discuss funding and programme delivery for the police and fire services in Durham that cover my Sedgefield constituency?
Does he also agree that electing Robert Potts, the Conservative candidate for the next PCC elections in May, would be a far better outcome for the police in Durham?