Friend has been able to work closely with her excellent police and crime commissioner, Andrew Snowden, who is another example of effective leadership at the police force in Lancashire and whom I have had the pleasure of meeting.
It is also good that Lancashire is one of the pilot areas for hotspot policing: it is currently delivering 2,000 hours a month of additional patrolling in antisocial  behaviour hotpot areas, and that is set to increase.
However, I urge the Labour council to listen to my hon.
Friend’s sensible words and ask the police and local authorities to use all the powers at their disposal to tackle antisocial behaviour through, for instance, public space protection orders and community protection notices.
Constituents, including pupils at Lliswerry High School, constantly raise with me the antisocial and dangerous use of e-scooters and e-bikes.
I held a debate on this last December, but little has happened since, and legislation needs to catch up with the growth in their sales.
Will the Home Secretary talk to Ministers at the Department for Transport to see what can be done to address the problem?
The behaviour of nuisance riders, or boy racers—whatever we want to call them—is antisocial behaviour plain and simple.
It is criminal, it can be harassing, it can bring fear to communities, and it can cause criminal damage.
The police, working with local authorities, have the necessary powers to end these problems, and forces around the country have organised pilots that have led to success.
I encourage the hon.
Lady’s local police force to look at the good practice that is currently taking place around the country.
Let us get this exactly right: over the next four years, police numbers in Scotland are due to fall by 2,000.
The highlands and islands police chief has said that “something has to give.”
I had thought that Barnett consequentials would lead to an increase in Scotland’s police numbers rather than a decrease.
When it comes to antisocial behaviour, what a grim message this is for some of the most vulnerable in society.
Unfortunately—it is incredibly tragic—the Scottish National party’s obsession with separatism has led to the highest number of alcohol and drug-related deaths in Europe on their watch.
Falling police numbers in Scotland when numbers are rising in England and Wales—that is what the SNP brings us, and only good government from the Conservatives can stop crime and protect victims.
What steps her Department is taking to reduce the number of small boats transporting irregular migrants across the English channel.
We remain determined to stop the boats and deter people from making these dangerous journeys to the UK, and we are making progress.
We have by no means reached the finishing line, but the number of arrivals is 20% down, the legacy backlog has nearly halved, and the number of Albanian arrivals has fallen by 90% this year.
While Labour proposes to take thousands of illegal migrants from the EU every single year, letting Brussels decide who comes here, we are determined to stop the boats with our Rwanda plan and our Illegal Migration Act 2023, which Labour opposed.
A hotel in my constituency is housing illegal migrants.
They receive local NHS dentistry services and hospital access, and, of course, their living costs are met.
Constituents write to me pointing out that they do not have access to all those services.
What can my right hon.
and learned Friend tell them about how soon the use of hotels for illegal migrants will end?
It is totally unacceptable that too many towns and cities around the country now house the 45,000 asylum seekers who are in hotels, costing the British taxpayer £6 million a day.
That is why we are standing up large sites and vessels around the country.
We are also maximising the use of hotels, so that we can open fewer hotels.
It is not right that the British taxpayer is forking out the cost.