People have been made miserable, and their mental health has been severely damaged by this project.
They deserve the right answer: is this project going ahead or is it not?
My constituency looks like an industrial site right now.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for her question.
Spades are already in the ground for HS2, as she well knows, and we are focusing on its delivery.
There are already over 350 active construction sites right across the country, including in her constituency.
It is going ahead.
HS2 faces death by a thousand cuts.
We Liberal Democrats are firmly behind HS2, but the Government’s catastrophic handling of   the project’s delivery has meant that the Infrastructure and Projects Authority now rates it as “unachievable”.
What will the Government do to fix this mess?
I find it very interesting that the hon.
Lady says that the Liberal Democrats are firmly behind HS2, because that is not what their candidate for Mid Bedfordshire said earlier today, or what  the hon.
Member for Chesham and Amersham (Sarah Green)  said just a few months ago.
We had a meeting about HS2 with the Minister of State, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bexhill and Battle (Huw Merriman) , a few weeks ago.
It was a very good meeting, led by myself and other Members of Parliament, and various options were put forward.
I pay tribute to Trevor Parkin in my constituency for all his work on the matter.
Can we have a straight answer about this white elephant?
Will there be a continuation of the line from Birmingham to Manchester, or not?
Will the Minister be good enough to let us have a proper analysis, in line with all the reports that have come out showing that, unless the entire project is radically changed or scrapped, it will continue to be a white elephant?
People in my constituency have been suffering for far too long, to no good purpose.
I am glad that my hon.
Friend has had great engagement on the issue from the Department and from the rail Minister.
As I have said, Ministers will continue to keep the House updated regarding HS2, as they have been doing.
I am sure that when the rail Minister returns he will be happy to have further such conversations with my hon.
Friend.
When will High Speed 2 arrive in Manchester?
Ministers will continue to keep the House updated regularly regarding HS2, as they have done to date.
As we all know, the first stages are set to be completed by 2033, linking London with Birmingham.
As a member of the Bill Committee, I have had the good fortune to visit a number of sites involved in the construction of HS2, so I appreciate what a major project it is and how many people are involved.
Companies up and down the country are reliant on the project for the continuation of their business.
The future of hundreds of jobs and businesses depends on it.
Can the Minister give an assurance that that will be taken into full consideration in discussions with the Treasury?
I can certainly give my hon.
Friend that assurance.
There are thousands of people working on site at the moment, with more than 350 construction sites up and down the country, and companies will be updated.
Even from today this project will last well into the 2030s, if not beyond, so those construction jobs will be secure for a long time.
The Minister said that the Government are hugely investing in the north.
For Hull, the decade of northern powerhouse saw a privately financed scheme to electrify our railways blocked by Ministers in 2016 and, in the  Government’s 2021 integrated rail plan, blocked for the next 30 years.
Funding apparently was needed for Northern Powerhouse Rail and HS2, which are now being cut.