Part of our plan on ASB is to expand drug testing on arrest, so that police can now test for more substances, class B and C, when they arrest someone on suspicion of drug possession.
Unfortunately, there are instances of antisocial behaviour in the centre of Keighley—mostly around the bus station, but of course there are other hotspot areas.
The police and the local community are having to deal with this issue on an ongoing basis.
I am very pleased that the Government made extra resources available to our West Yorkshire police via the antisocial  behaviour action plan, but will the Home Secretary join me in urging our Labour West Yorkshire Mayor, who is responsible for setting local police strategy and our crime reduction action plan in Keighley, to be more laser-focused on antisocial behaviour, so that we can all ensure that the issue is tackled once and for all?
I urge the PCC to take heed of my hon.
Friend’s warning and advice.
The Government, through our safer streets fund, have awarded the South Yorkshire police area over £4 million in recent years—funding that has gone towards tackling ASB and reducing crime.
It is up to the PCCs to apply in the next round for funding to put forward projects that can have a focus on reducing crime, protecting victims and securing safety for communities.
On occasion, people using Wrexham bus station have been subject to antisocial behaviour perpetrated by a small band of disaffected youths.
I would like to compliment Inspector Luke Hughes and the Wrexham city police team for their appropriate use of dispersal orders.
Will the Home Secretary join me in praising North Wales police, despite being slowed down to 20 mph by the Welsh Labour Government, for their pragmatic and no-nonsense approach to upholding public safety?
I am afraid the litany of ridiculous policy announcements by Labour is reaching record levels.
I mean, we only have to look at the last two days.
A period of silence from the Labour party would be welcome.
The 20 mph zone is ridiculous.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Dispersal orders are a regrettable but necessary power that the police have at their disposal.
We are going even further with our antisocial behaviour action plan by expanding police powers such as public space protection orders and community protection notices, enabling the police to take rapid and effective action to disperse people and to stop nuisance and criminal antisocial behaviour.
Over the summer, I have spoken to many people in Leyland who, although we have managed to get the police station reopened, are still reporting problems involving antisocial behaviour in Broadfield, Worden and Seven Stars.
I have been out with the local bobbies, who are benefiting from the Government’s police uplift, to see what is being done to tackle those problems.
Operation Centurion—our police and crime commissioner’s attempt to use money seized from criminals to boost local policing temporarily in order to address antisocial behaviour—is about to hit Leyland, but does the Home Secretary agree that we need a whole-agency approach, and that councils should use the powers at their disposal to issue community protection notices and work with the police to end this blight on the people of Leyland?
I am delighted that my hon.
Friend has been able to work closely with her excellent police and crime commissioner, Andrew Snowden, who is another example of effective leadership at the police force in Lancashire and whom I have had the pleasure of meeting.
It is also good that Lancashire is one of the pilot areas for hotspot policing: it is currently delivering 2,000 hours a month of additional patrolling in antisocial  behaviour hotpot areas, and that is set to increase.
However, I urge the Labour council to listen to my hon.