Lady talks about a shambles, but the last four days have been a great example of a shambles.
The EU has called her party “delusional” when it comes to its grand plan for stopping the boats.
Labour disagrees with the National Crime Agency on how to solve the problem.
The reality is that Labour is on another planet on how to stop the boats.
It is not based in reality, it is not grappling with this challenge and it is not being honest with the British people.
Constituents and businesses are being impacted by illegal car racing and meets.
The Labour council is dragging its heels on implementing a public spaces protection order and Kent police have been working hard to tackle it, but resources are precious.
Will my right hon.
and learned Friend look at how Kent police are funded?
They are having to deal with increasing activity in this area and, being so close to London, we are seeing increasing burdens from criminality.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for her tireless campaigning on behalf of the people of Rochester and Strood.
Kent has record police officer numbers at 4,261, which is about 10% more than it ever had under the last Labour Government.
We intend to review the police funding formula.
I strongly urge Medway Council to get on with putting that PSPO in place.
Since we left the European Union, my constituent—a UK citizen from birth, as was confirmed by the British Nationality (Regularisation of Past Practice) Act 2023—has been repeatedly stopped by UK border guards and had  his citizenship questioned.
Is this British Government satisfied that the customs and immigration system is so chaotic that their own citizens are being othered by the Department’s officials, just because their parents were born in the EU?
I have no idea what the hon.
Lady is referring to, but I would be very happy to look into that individual case.
Over the summer, dozens of Traveller caravans have been illegally pitched in my Warrington South constituency, impacting playing fields in Appleton Thorn, Bewsey and Dallam, and costing thousands to clear up.
Warrington’s Labour council has avoided bringing forward proposals, despite having money in its budget.
Does the Minister agree that local authorities need to play their full part so that the police can be effective in using the legislation passed by this House?
Yes, I do agree; local councils should be robust in using the powers this House granted them, as should the police in terms of the Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022.
The police do have strong powers   under the amended Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994, and I urge police forces up and down the country to use those powers.
We heard a little about retail crime earlier and it is a real issue in Birmingham, where a number of ugly, violent assaults on staff have taken place at Co-op stores in my constituency.
I was pleased to hear the Minister’s earlier response.
However, with less than 4% of about 8 million crimes actually recorded by the police, when can we expect to see the tougher measures he hinted at earlier?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question.
I met representatives of the Co-op just a week or two ago and his chief constable, Amanda Blakeman, who leads on this for the National Police Chiefs’ Council.
At my request, the police are working up a plan to make sure that they always look into the CCTV footage to try to get a facial recognition match, in order to arrest and prosecute shoplifters, and that they patrol a lot more regularly in areas where shoplifting is a problem.
rose—
That completes questions.
Any complaints, please speak to those on the Front Bench.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Transport if he will make a statement on the planned route and delivery of High Speed Rail 2.