That is why we are standing up large sites and vessels around the country.
We are also maximising the use of hotels, so that we can open fewer hotels.
It is not right that the British taxpayer is forking out the cost.
What we are not doing is the ridiculous plan set out by Labour Members.
They are either grotesquely naive about the problem or they have a betrayal plan to rejoin the EU.
After all, most of them wanted a second referendum.
Either way, we can all see it for what it is: a plan for open borders, unlimited migration and rejoining the European Union.
It is the same old Labour on the wrong side of the argument.
I welcome the shadow Minister, Dan Jarvis.
It is good to be back, Mr Speaker.
The number of people arriving on dangerous small boats is now 150 times higher than it was five years ago.
Meanwhile, convictions of people smugglers are 30% down.
Our border security is not working.
The Home Office has already spent £140 million on a flawed Rwanda scheme, but would not taxpayers’ money be better spent recruiting hundreds more police and investigators to defeat the criminal gang networks and prevent the dangerous boat crossings?
The reality is that we need a robust and honest approach to dealing with this problem.
Opening our doors to thousands of migrants from the EU is not the solution.
We need a deterrent, and that is why our agreement with Rwanda will work.
It is based on what has worked in other countries such as Australia, and I am confident that we will be able to deliver our Rwanda plan as soon as possible.
What is clear is that the Labour party does not even seem to know what its policy is on small boats.
Previously, it had no plan; now it has tried to put a plan together, but half its shadow Ministers do not even know how it works.
It is only this Government that have a plan, will deliver Rwanda, have delivered our groundbreaking legislation and will stop the boats.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
I will make a short topical statement.
The range of threats our country faces is ever evolving, so I want to set out what we are doing to get ahead of it.
We have refreshed our counter-terrorism strategy, especially by overhauling the Prevent strand so that it recognises and can counter the driving force of ideology.
Our  counter-terrorism operations centre is truly world class and fit for the 21st century.
However, the security threat is wider than terrorism, and that is why we have passed the National Security Act 2023, which also addresses the evolving nature of the threat and contains several measures to modernise counter-espionage laws.
Our comprehensive economic crime plan and legislation have cracked down hard on the Russian oligarchs upon whom Putin relies.
We will give our courageous and capable intelligence and security services all the powers they need to keep us safe.
I thank my right hon.
and learned Friend for that statement.
She will know that there is continuing widespread concern about the threat to our national security from the whole-of-state approach that the Chinese are taking to espionage activities in our country.
I urge her to ensure that our response will mirror that, and that China is in the enhanced tier of the foreign influence registration scheme.
National security is our overriding priority as a Government, particularly at the Home Office.
As Home Secretary, it is my job to oversee the protection of the UK from all types of threats to our national security.
As the Intelligence and Security Committee’s report has said:
“The Chinese Intelligence Services target the UK and its overseas interests prolifically and aggressively.”