I call the Chair of the High Speed Rail Bill Committee.
It should not surprise people that building a high-speed railway line on a very small island through large, populated areas with lots of infrastructure was always going to be complex and expensive—that should be a surprise to nobody.
If these decisions are taking place, may I ask my hon.
Friend to remind his colleagues in the Treasury that HS2 also delivers important connectivity infrastructure for Northern Powerhouse Rail, connecting Liverpool, Manchester, Leeds, and, perhaps the greatest city of the north, Hull.
I urge him to remind his colleagues who may be looking at this of that important fact.
I thank my hon.
Friend and other colleagues for the work that they did on the Select Committee.
I will, of course, take that message back to Treasury colleagues.
Will the Minister give an unambiguous answer to this question: is this Government still committed to building HS2 to Manchester from Euston?
People in the  north need to know whether they are being abandoned,  because it looks like that to me from press reports, which have not been made up by journalists.
Is it not the case that the Minister is fronting a Government who will not dare tell the electorate that they are abandoning the north?
There is no question of this Government abandoning the north.
We have put in huge amounts of funding, including on buses and new roads.
I was in Preston a few weeks ago to open the new Preston Western Distributor road.
The Government are hugely investing in the north of England—on rail, on roads, and indeed on our important bus network.
As I said earlier, Ministers will continue to update the House regularly on HS2, as we have done throughout.
Even when this project had arms and legs and eyebrows going across the whole country, it was always accepted that the business case was very weak and that, as a nation, we cannot really afford it.
I hope the Government do scrap HS2 north of Birmingham and save many more communities from the human misery that my constituents endure every day of the week from the construction.
If they do scrap it, it would leave the quite literally legless stump from outside central London to outside central Birmingham.
Will my hon.
Friend take the message back to his colleagues and to the Treasury that we cannot afford it and that what is left of phase 1 should be scrapped as well.
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
Spades are already in the ground for HS2, with over 350 active construction sites, and with high-speed services between London and Birmingham Curzon Street due to start between 2029 and 2033.
However, I will pass on his comments to Treasury colleagues, as always.
Frankly, it is a real shame that we have to put up with an ill-prepared office junior instead of the boss, because these are really significant decisions.
Let us be clear: the case for HS2 was always flawed, but ballooning construction costs and changing business travel patterns post covid now make it unsustainable.
I understand that it would be hugely embarrassing for the Government, and for the Minister’s Department, to write off somewhere between 10 billion and 15 billion quid, but surely that is better than spending £100 billion on this ill-fated project.
I thank the right hon.
Member for his thoughts; I will take them back to Government.
My constituents have been through absolute misery for 13 years now, ever since the hybrid Bill first started and they tried to defend their own area.
Unfortunately, HS2 has not provided continuity of support, has not provided good customer liaison and has not provided proper compensation.
People have been made miserable, and their mental health has been severely damaged by this project.
They deserve the right answer: is this project going ahead or is it not?
My constituency looks like an industrial site right now.