What recent discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on the potential merits of introducing a substance misuse harm reduction model to tackle acquisitive crime.
We have not had any specific discussions on that, but we have a 10-year drug strategy, which includes spending an extra £582 million over three years on 55,000 extra treatment places.
We want to treat people who are addicted, particularly to opioids, to get them off drugs and fully recovered.
A large number of people are being exploited into criminal activity, whether through drug gangs or acquisitive crime.
They need help and support from the state.
Will the Minister look at how to put a harm reduction model in place for those individuals, rather than criminalising them, so that they can get the support they need to change the direction of their lives?
There is a twin-track approach.
There is a comprehensive effort to ensure more addicted people get treatment, being diverted to it from police custody, from the court system and when they leave prison.
As I say, there is an extra £582 million over three years.
We are in the second of those three years at the moment.
But enforcement, particularly against drug gangs and organised criminal gangs, is important at the border and in the case of county lines.
It is a twin-track approach: enforcement, together with treatment.
What recent progress her Department has made on reducing antisocial behaviour.
What recent progress her Department has made on reducing antisocial behaviour.
What recent progress her Department has made on reducing antisocial behaviour.
What recent progress her Department has made on reducing antisocial behaviour.
On  27 March , the Government announced the antisocial behaviour action plan, backed by £160 million of new funding.
Police and crime commissioners are being supported to increase hotspot policing and to run immediate justice pilots.
In July, we announced round 5 of the safer streets funding to deliver a range of ASB and crime-prevention measures.
I thank the Home Secretary very much for her recent visit to Southend, where she met the excellent police, fire and crime commissioner Roger Hirst and our excellent chief constable B-J. Harrington.
She heard about how Southend’s revolutionary Operation Union has driven down antisocial behaviour across our city by over 50%.
That will be assisted by the Government’s steps last week to tackle nitrous oxide—I thank her very much for tackling that menace.
However, constituents are raising with me antisocial behaviour in and around pubs, including drug-related incidents, so can my right hon.
and learned Friend tell me whether she has any specific plans to help local police deal with that particular problem?
I was very pleased to join my hon.
Friend in Southend, and to meet her chief constable and the office of the PCC.
She is right that the success of Operation Union has helped to drive down ASB, but there is more to do to tackle the ASB that blights communities.
That is why I am pleased that her force, Essex, has the most police officers ever and is doing very well with its progress on the hotspot policing pilot.
My hon.
Friend talks about drugs.
Part of our plan on ASB is to expand drug testing on arrest, so that police can now test for more substances, class B and C, when they arrest someone on suspicion of drug possession.
Unfortunately, there are instances of antisocial behaviour in the centre of Keighley—mostly around the bus station, but of course there are other hotspot areas.
The police and the local community are having to deal with this issue on an ongoing basis.