Interruption.]
I am proud that this Government are—
Order.
The Minister could have made a statement.
I did not have to grant the urgent question, so please bring statements forward—I will always support you.
I am proud that this Government are unashamedly on the side of the taxpayer, checking the impact on the motorist, HGV drivers and bus passengers of every single policy that is put forward.
Ministers will continue to keep the House updated regularly on HS2, as we have done today.
I call the Chair of the Transport Committee.
While one should always take with a pinch of salt newspaper speculation in advance of budgets as to what may or may not be in them, may I put on record that if what has been reported is true, it would be an enormous false economy?
Whether people support or oppose HS2 in principle, starting at Old Oak Common and finishing at Birmingham would not realise the full benefits of the line and communities will have been enormously impacted for no great benefit.
Old Oak Common does not have the capacity to handle all the services and just a couple of weeks ago Network Rail, in its West Coast South strategic advice, noted that even with HS2 to Manchester, the west coast mainline will not have the capacity in the decades to come.
Will my hon.
Friend take the message to the Treasury to either do it properly or not to do it at all?
I thank the Chair of the Transport Committee for his comments.
I shall certainly take that message away with me.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
I hope the Minister has had time to calm  down and perhaps take a breath after that astonishing   performance.
In attacking Labour on costs, he seems to be admitting what we all know, which is that phase 2 is an utter shambles—financially, operationally and politically.
First, it was the north-east and Yorkshire that were let down by this Government on HS2.
Now it seems to be the turn of the north-west, let alone Scotland and Wales.
In a similar timeframe to that of HS2, Spain has managed to install 624 km of high speed rail for a fraction of the cost.
This includes tunnels and bridges through far rougher terrain than that which HS2  passes through.
Since June 2018, 233 kilometres of this track has come into operational use.
What we have is a gold-plated commuter line of just 100 miles between two cities on the south of this island costing nearly £50 billion, while the rest of the country is expected to fight for scraps from the table.
When Philip Hammond was Transport Secretary he gave commitments on  HS2 infrastructure reaching Scotland, but that infrastructure is barely getting to the midlands.
Can the Minister  tell me in which decade HS2 infrastructure will actually get anywhere near Scotland?
How does any further cancellation, postponement or watering down of HS2 commitments fit with the so-called levelling-up strategy and when will Wales receive its rightful share of Barnett consequentials?
I thank the Member for his question.
As he will know, this Government have delivered more than 1,200 miles of electrification—over 20 times the amount delivered in the 13 years of the last Labour Government.
I would also say to him that, just last week, I met my third Scottish Transport Minister in 10 months and they did not mention HS2 at all.
I call the Chair of the High Speed Rail Bill Committee.
It should not surprise people that building a high-speed railway line on a very small island through large, populated areas with lots of infrastructure was always going to be complex and expensive—that should be a surprise to nobody.
If these decisions are taking place, may I ask my hon.