Gentleman’s question, I want that figure for prosecutions be higher, and that is why the Home Secretary and I, together with policing leads, the College of Policing and the National Police Chiefs’ Council, announced two or three weeks ago that the police are now committing to always follow all reasonable lines of inquiry where they exist.
Order.
I love the full answers, but I am really struggling to get even part-way down the Order Paper.
I draw the Minister’s attention to the sad fact that most MPs have had the tragedy of knife crime in our constituencies.
We had a dreadful incident in Huddersfield.
Is it not time that we understand more the culture that produces it?
This is about the way in which young people communicate on the internet and the fact that we no longer have many youth clubs or youth services.
We used to have wonderful police going into schools to talk about these issues.
Can we have that back?
I will try to be brief.
We have violence reduction units designed to provide those activities.
We are also funding research.
We have a social media hub in the Met police that monitors social media—it is based in Lambeth, and I have been to it.
The things that the hon.
Gentleman asks for are being done, because it is essential that we tackle knife crime.
I call the shadow Minister.
Rapes at knifepoint are at a record high this year.
The number of cases has more than doubled since 2015.
I am currently supporting a case of a woman violently raped using weapons, and the detective on the case told me that he is the only detective in his team working on serious sexual violence.
The Police Foundation describes the current number of detectives as a “chronic shortage”, highlighting a staggering 7,000 vacancies.
Is it any wonder that there has been a 60% drop in the overall proportion of crimes being charged since 2015, including almost 1 million violent crimes and 36,000 rapes?
The Labour party has proposed requiring all police forces to have a scheme that directly recruits detectives with relevant professional backgrounds, so what are the Government doing about this chronic shortage of detectives and the abysmal charge rate that they preside over?
The rape charge rate is a serious matter, and Operation Soteria Bluestone, which the hon.
Lady will be familiar with, has been rolled out around the country under the supervision of the safeguarding Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Derbyshire Dales (Miss Dines) .
In the forces that adopted that measure early, rape charge rates dramatically increased by two to three times.
As that rolls out around the country, those charge rates will increase, but we would like to go further.
On the question of specialist trained officers, now that we have record numbers of officers across England and Wales as a whole, we will be targeting individual forces with training and recruiting a specified number of specialist officers to make sure that those people are in place to properly investigate these issues, because we want to do a lot more in this area.
What recent discussions she has had with the Secretary of State for Justice on the adequacy of compensation for police officers injured in the course of their duties.
What recent discussions she has had with the Secretary of State for Justice on the adequacy of compensation for police officers injured in the course of their duties.
The police injury benefit scheme provides ongoing and one-off payments to former police officers who have been injured or disabled in the line of duty.
I was recently shocked to discover that police officers are entitled to official compensation only if they are injured while taking an exceptional risk, and a risk is considered exceptional only if it would not  normally be expected.
That sounds strange, does it not?