I thank my hon.
Friend for making that important point—I was delighted to visit some of those freight services in her constituency with her just last week.
Getting freight on to rail is obviously an important objective of the Government, as is supporting those on the road network, and I will ensure that that is taken into consideration in any future decisions that the Government take.
What estimate has been made of the cost in contract litigation alone if the Chancellor were to conceive of scrapping phase 2 of HS2?
What I would say is that the Government are putting a huge amount of money into stage 1 of the scheme.
Thousands of jobs have already been created, as well as hundreds of apprenticeships, and it is going to deliver transformation to central Birmingham and to a deprived community in outer London.
That is investment very well made in those areas.
For the record, the roads Minister is a very good one, who has had to swap lanes today at short notice.
How many of the HS2 stations will have ticket offices?
Last Thursday in Westminster Hall, there was a train crash of a debate in which not a single Back Bencher from any political party backed the Government’s proposals.
As many people have asked the Minister to pass on messages today, could I add one more, in all good faith? “
You are under enough pressure on HS2 as it is.
Do yourselves a favour and drop the bonkers proposals to get rid of our ticket offices.”
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his comments—he has always been a champion of our road network, and now he is a champion of our rail network as well.
I will certainly take his thoughts back to the Department.
I used to live in Wigan in the north-west of England, and I am very disappointed for my family and friends who are still there that this project is not going ahead—disappointed, like the people in Swansea are disappointed that the electrification never got to Swansea.
HS2 is an England-only project, so will the Minister stop talking down the Welsh Labour Government and give us what we  are due?
I do not need to talk down the Welsh Labour Government; they do it themselves.
They talk down Wales constantly.
They have introduced 20 mph speed limits costing tens of millions of pounds a year to the local economy.
They are doing no road building—no M4, no Llanymynech bypass, nothing invested in the road network.
The Welsh Labour Government have been in office for 25 years.
They are not even delivering a “get around for £2” bus fare like we are doing in England.
HS2 is already being built in Buckinghamshire, unfortunately, and it is no exaggeration to say that it is a blight on the lives of my constituents in Aylesbury.
Just last Saturday, residents in Walton Court told me that HS2’s contractors are now working well outside their contracted hours.
Normally, we would think that was a good thing, but it is causing massive disruption, especially from noise.
Will the Minister make it abundantly clear to HS2 Ltd and its contractors that they must comply with the agreements they have made and minimise the harm and distress they are causing?
My hon.
Friend is a real champion for his constituents.
I will certainly take the message back to HS2 Ltd and, if necessary, arrange a further  meeting between him and the rail Minister to discuss the matter.
For over a decade, I have been highlighting in this House how the Welsh taxpayer is being fleeced as a result of HS2.
The spurious response I receive from Ministers is that north Wales will be linked via Crewe.