Will the Minister urgently explain if the photograph leaked last Friday reflects his Government’s position to slash phase 2 altogether?
Will he confirm the commitment his boss made in this House just a few months ago that high-speed trains will reach Manchester by 2041?
Are his Government planning for trains to terminate at Old Oak Common for good, detonating the business case and overwhelming the Elizabeth line?
Having run our economy, our public services and our railways into the ground, will the country not now conclude that this is proof, once and for all, that the Tories can never be trusted to run our country again?
In response to the hon.
Lady’s question, the Secretary of State is on urgent ministerial business with other Government Departments.
At the Department for Transport, we were delighted to see the hon.
Lady survive the recent shadow Cabinet reshuffle, albeit she appears to be shadow Secretary of State for Transport in name only, as that job now appears to be covered by  the right hon.
Member for Wolverhampton South East (Mr McFadden) .
Even the Liberal Democrats caught the hon.
Lady napping this morning by putting in their urgent question request before she did.
Only yesterday, the right hon.
Member for Wolverhampton South East said on “Sunday with Laura Kuenssberg”:
“I want to see what this costs and we’ll make those decisions when it comes to the manifesto.”
That came only two days after a leaked Labour party policy document said that the Opposition are committed to
“deliver Northern Powerhouse Rail and High Speed 2 in full”.
There was no mention of how they will pay for that combined £140 billion spending commitment—same old Labour.
While the shadow Chancellor tries to talk up Labour’s “ironclad discipline”,  the hon.
Member for Sheffield, Heeley (Louise Haigh)  goes around the country, promising hundreds of billions of pounds of unfunded spending on rail alone.
We cannot trust a word they say on transport spending, immigration or housing.
All have unravelled over the last week, as the Labour party says one thing and does another: on immigration, an open door for Europe’s illegal immigration; on housing, backing the blockers not the builders. [
Interruption.]
This House will remember the report by the Institute for Fiscal Studies back in May—
Order.
I granted the urgent question so we could hear the answer, so less shouting.
Carry on, Minister.
The House will remember the report by the IFS in May, when its director said that it was hard to see how the Labour party could bring forward any further policy without tax rises, and that Labour’s plans  would increase inflation and drive up interest rates.
But this Government, under this Prime Minister, have made it a priority to halve inflation by the end of the year.
That is why I am proud that buses have introduced a £2 fare to help hard-working families with the cost of living, which the Labour party has not done during the 25 years it has been in charge in Wales.
This Government are getting on with delivering on rail.
We have delivered 1,200 miles of electrification over the last 13 years, compared to a pathetic 63 miles under the 13 years of the last Labour Government.
There is more to public transport than trains.
Over the last 10 months, I have been around the country supporting new road schemes funded by this Government, from the A303 to the Preston western distributor road.
Some £500 million has been invested to protect bus services across the country, while we have delivered on our commitment for 4,000 zero-emission buses.
Last week, I announced new funding for HGV truck stops; meanwhile, Labour has expanded ULEZ in London and banned road building in Wales, as well as putting a 20-mile-an-hour speed limit right across that place. [
Interruption.]
I am proud that this Government are—
Order.
The Minister could have made a statement.