What plans does the Minister have to increase the resources to deal with this sort of crime, especially retail theft?
I strongly sympathise with those affected by shoplifting on Kilburn High Road.
I was the prospective parliamentary candidate in that constituency in 2010, and I remember walking down Kilburn High Road with Dominic Grieve when a shoplifter ran out of Poundland and straight into our arms.
It is a serious issue.
The Metropolitan police has a record number of police officers—about 35,000—and I have recently been in discussions with Amanda Blakeman, the National Police Chiefs’ Council lead, to increase patrolling in shoplifting hotspot areas and to have a more comprehensive response from the police in terms of investigation, such as always following up CCTV footage where it is available.
This is an issue not just on Kilburn High Road but around the country.
As I say, we will shortly announce further action, in partnership with police.
Whether she has had discussions with Cabinet colleagues and the Scottish Government on further devolution of drugs policy to Scotland.
I have not had discussions on the devolution of drugs policy, which is of course reserved to this Parliament, but I do have regular discussions about co-operating with colleagues in the Scottish Government.
I had a discussion with the new Minister just a few weeks ago, and I think we are going to be meeting in Cardiff in just a few weeks’ time with Ministers from the three devolved Administrations to discuss how we can work constructively and collaboratively together.
The Minister will know that the Lord Advocate in Scotland has issued a prosecution statement saying that she will not prosecute anyone in possession of controlled substances in any pilot safe consumption or overdose prevention facility that might be established in Scotland.
Can he confirm what the Secretary of State for Scotland indicated in the House last week—that the UK Government will not seek to use any administrative or legislative means to frustrate or block the establishment of such a pilot facility?
First, it is important to make it clear that the UK Government’s position on drug consumption rooms in England and Wales is that we do not support them.
We are concerned that they condone or even encourage illegal drug use.
I want to put that on the record straightaway.
Of course, we respect the independence of the Lord Advocate as Scotland’s prosecutorial authority.
Providing that that power is exercised lawfully, of course we are not going to stand in the way of it, as my right hon.
Friend the Scottish Secretary set out last week.
I understand that plans may involve a strong integration with treatment and some consideration of each case on its individual merits, but we do not plan to interfere with the lawfully exercised prosecutorial independence of the Lord Advocate.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
I am glad to hear what the drugs Minister says.
The Home Affairs Committee’s report on drugs highlighted good practice in Scotland, in particular with the naloxone roll-out and the medication assisted treatment standards for same-day treatment.
Academic evaluation has also found our enhanced drug treatment service, Scotland’s only heroin-assisted treatment service, to have been successfully implemented, in particular with a group with very complex backgrounds.
Will the Minister visit Glasgow to hear more about what Scotland is doing to reduce harm and save lives?
As I said to the hon.
Lady at the Bar of the House last week, I am due to be in Edinburgh in early December, so I would be delighted to accept her invitation to visit the facility in Glasgow.
What steps her Department is taking to reduce knife crime.
What steps her Department is taking to reduce knife crime.
This Government are determined to fight knife crime.
We have invested over £110 million in 2023-24 to fight knife crime, including investing in 20 violence reduction units, and funding hotspot policing in the most seriously affected areas.