Certainly, in my Sedgefield constituency there was no investment in rail by my predecessors.
Whether it is HS2 or regional rail—as with the Leamside line and Ferryhill station—delivery and certainty are necessary for supply-chain businesses.
This constant change is not helpful.
Will the Minister go back to his Department and encourage certainty and clarity, whether about HS2 or Northern Powerhouse Rail?
We need certainty for everybody.
I thank my hon.
Friend and constituency neighbour for his question.
He is absolutely right: the Prime Minister uses those trains regularly—in fact, I think they are made in my hon.
Friend’s constituency, or very nearby—to travel right across the country.
I welcome my hon.
Friend’s continued fighting for his constituents on rail and transport projects not just in his area but across the wider north and north-east of England.
I shall take his comments back to colleagues.
We have seen the Government give up on the eastern leg; we have seen them give up on connecting to central London; and we have seen the downgrading of Northern Powerhouse Rail.
We are now seeing the Government give up on connecting to the north-west and Britain’s second city of Manchester.
Why are the Government giving up on the north?
As I have said in answer to other hon.
Members, this Government have put unprecedented investment into our transport infrastructure right across the country.
I have no idea at all what Labour’s policy in this area is: it seems to flip-flop from one thing to another daily, making hundreds of billions of pounds’   worth of unfunded spending commitments.
We are a responsible Government who are going to make the right decisions in the long-term interests of the country, just as we have in supporting Greater Manchester and the Mayor’s new upgraded bus network, which we have been delighted to invest in over the past few months.
Having chaired the Select Committee on the first phase for 20 months, I always privately had the view that Old Oak Common was a more sensible place to stop, because the Elizabeth line runs straight through Old Oak Common and can deposit people from Heathrow into the city.
As for anything to do with Euston, it is a very small site and horrendously expensive.
However, the logic of the railway is that it does have to go to Manchester and beyond, otherwise it was not worth starting.
I thank my hon.
Friend for his comments.
I am sure that the Treasury, No.
10 and the Department will be listening to those wise words from somebody who served on the Select Committee.
Huddersfield is a proud railway town.
Is the Minister telling my constituents and the rest of the country that this is an abysmal failure of the country—the country of Brunel and Stephenson, the pioneers of railway building?
Is he telling us that the £100 billion was for nothing?
Is that what he is saying today?
No, I am not saying that.
As my hon.
Friend knows, I am proud to host the UK’s fastest-growing ports in my constituency, and one of the things that those ports are investing in is more freight connections to transport more containers by rail, rather than road.
Achieving the full potential of those connections absolutely requires HS2 to free up capacity elsewhere on the rail network, so will the Minister assure me that all the implications of any changes to the timetable for HS2 will be considered?
It impacts on net zero, the demand on our road infrastructure, and where things will arrive.
I thank my hon.
Friend for making that important point—I was delighted to visit some of those freight services in her constituency with her just last week.
Getting freight on to rail is obviously an important objective of the Government, as is supporting those on the road network, and I will ensure that that is taken into consideration in any future decisions that the Government take.