I agree with everything he said, and I look forward to visiting him and his Romford constituents at the earliest opportunity.
At a recent meeting of Warwickshire County Council, children with special educational needs were described by some county councillors as requiring “some form of strict correction”, or were “just really badly behaved”.
Other inappropriate language was used.
Parents of SEN children across the country have been outraged by this, with some 30,000 of them signing a petition calling for those councillors’ resignations.
Will the Prime Minister condemn the Conservative councillors’ language and urge them to do the right thing and resign?
I have not seen the details of those comments and this issue.
More generally, the Government have a strong track record of supporting those with disabilities.
It is important that children with special educational needs receive the right support in  the right place at the right time.
We have seen funding for SEN increase by 60% over this Parliament to more than £10 billion.
Most recently, the Department for Education and the Department of Health and Social Care are piloting a new project to improve access to specialty support in mainstream primary schools, because we want to make sure that these children get all the support and opportunities they deserve.
We have legislated to give the public ID verification options on social media, and tech companies know the safety value and popularity of that, because they offer it now, but for a big fee every month—it is not good enough.
Bereaved parents are campaigning for more measures to protect kids online, fraudsters are routinely exploiting fake social media accounts to scam, and there are fears of global political interference in elections from faceless, traceless bots.
It is creating the perfect cyber-storm.
Will my right hon.
Friend use his influence to get tech companies to get on with offering robust, visible and free verification measures as soon as possible to keep people safe?
Can I start by commending my hon.
Friend on her work on this issue?
She is absolutely right that user verification can be a powerful tool to keep people safe online.
The Online Safety Act 2023, as she knows, requires companies to offer all adults optional user identity verification.
Companies will also need to take firm action to improve safety for children in particular, and Ofcom will be able to monitor tech companies and have strong powers to ensure they comply.
I can tell her that the Home Secretary is meeting the industry on Monday next week and will be sure to raise the points she has mentioned today.
A KPMG study finds a strong economic case to remove power cables over the Tyne.
Despite my questions to previous Prime Ministers, we are no further forward.
Can this Prime Minister finally secure a commitment from National Grid to implement its clear legal obligation and fund this vital work?
This fog on the Tyne is impeding local businesses and risks possible net GVA benefits of up to £1.2 billion.
Our great river needs action now.
I am happy to look into the issue that the hon.
Lady raises.
What would be damaging to the north-east and the Tyne are her party’s plans to stick with their completely ridiculous 2030 decarbonisation target with absolutely no plan to pay for it, which just means higher taxes for everyone in her constituency and the country.
Britain’s food security, compromised by cheap foreign imports, now faces a parallel threat: all kinds of industrialisation of the countryside, from large solar plants to interconnectors and substations, and now huge pylons covering 87 miles of countryside.
These will blot the landscape and use up valuable growing land, filling the fenland big skies.
Knowing that the Prime Minister’s bow burns with gold, like my own, will he ensure that he joins my fight for our green and pleasant land and so make sure that food security and energy security are not competitors?
My right hon.