I do not seek to repeat everything I said in that debate, but since then the Community Transport Association and others have contacted me to voice their full support for a change in the law.
This whole issue first came to my attention when I visited Halesworth Area Community Transport in my constituency and was told about its challenges in getting more drivers.
To drive a van or minibus for that non-for-profit organisation, as it then was, people had to pay between £2,000 and £3,000 to do a course and pass a test to acquire a D1 licence, due to the regulations.
The problem was reinforced when I visited the Voluntary Help Centre in Southwold, where I was told a similar story.
When I went to see the then Transport Minister, I was told that they were EU regulations and that there was absolutely no way we could change them for as long as we were part of the EU.
The Community Transport Association has given me further examples, including Bexhill Community Bus, which stated:
“We are a small Community Bus operator, and we rely on persons with D1 on their licence.
We are facing a future when Cat B drivers lose the automatic right to drive a mini bus, and would face the expense of training all new volunteer drivers.”
Changing Lives Together, an organisation in Cheshire that supports a change in the law, says:
“This is very much needed, and we are recruiting from a smaller pool of people every year and it is causing real problems across our area.”
This issue is particularly challenging for community transport associations that help people with disabilities in their daily lives.
That was recognised in the Government’s national disability strategy, and there was a commitment from the Department for Transport to help tackle shortages in community transport drivers.
It is clear that there is a real need for reform in order to make it easier to acquire a D1 licence to support community transport ventures and our rural communities, and to avoid losing such services or turning them into exclusively paid services.
I turn to the benefits of reforming C1 licences, which are for medium-sized goods vehicles, not heavy goods vehicles.
These are the kinds of vehicles used to do a lot of local delivery jobs, but the licence also applies to horse boxes and vehicles such as ambulances.
Opening up this category—perhaps with some conditions, such as a minimum age of 25 or having held a driving licence for two or more years—would provide an instant economic boost, without a cost to the Government, and help productivity in the supply chain.
In recent years, we have experienced a shortage of HGV drivers due to a number of factors, particularly during covid.
One of the reasons why there has been a shortage is that HGV drivers started switching to jobs using medium-sized vehicles, for which they were automatically qualified by holding an HGV licence.
The Department introduced some sensible, temporary measures to help address the shortage.
As an aside, the cost of acquiring a C1 licence is typically between £2,000 and £3,000, which is similar to the D1 licence.
Apprenticeship courses are available for HGV driving qualifications, allowing businesses to use their apprenticeship levy funding, but there is not one for securing a C1 driving licence.
I have been informed that previous attempts to secure one have been rejected, as it is not considered that a 12-month course and practical experience are needed to gain the qualification.
Within Government, I tried to persuade the Department for Transport to look at this opportunity, and I was delighted when it issued a call for evidence in August 2022.
As the then Minister, my hon.