I am aware that the Government signed up to the Vienna convention in 2018, although these regulations were already in place and, indeed, we have applied various reservations to the convention so as not to disrupt our common-sense practices in this country.
For instance, we do not have to wait for the green light to cross the road at a pedestrian crossing when no traffic is coming in either direction, which, as we know, is a criminal offence in other countries in Europe.
I believe that this is a real opportunity to adopt some sensible approaches that, as I say, would be welcome across the House.
The Bill would be a Brexit bonus, increase community transport and remove an unnecessary, costly barrier for business.
Recognising the strengthening of the driving test in the past 25 years, we should have the confidence to back British drivers with British rules.
I would like to work with the Government during the passage of the Bill to a Second Reading, and I commend it to the House.
Before I call Sir Chris Bryant, may I gently remind him that he has to give a speech in opposition to the Bill?
I take it that the hon.
Gentleman wishes to speak in opposition.
Mr Deputy Speaker, I am very grateful for your reminding me that I have to speak in opposition to the legislation, but given that the Government themselves oppose the Bill, as the right hon.
Member has just pointed out, I presume that the Government will be opposing it as well this afternoon.
While I commend the right hon.
Lady for her diligence as a Back Bencher in introducing a series of ten-minute rule Bills over the last year—for instance, last year she introduced the Schools (Gender and Parental Rights) Bill, which fell at the first hurdle because it did not get a  Second Reading, with 40 people voting No and 34 voting Aye—we have the same right to oppose her Bill today if we think that it is not appropriate, relevant or necessary.
She referred to the fact that she considers this to be—[Interruption.]
Order.
Other Members may not wish to hear the hon.
Gentleman, but I do, and I need to know whether he is in order.
If hon.
Members want to have private conversations, it would be helpful if they could either have them outside or keep quiet.
I am grateful, Mr Deputy Speaker.
My main objection to the Bill is that the right hon.
Lady seeks to make this a “Brexit bonus”, as she referred to it.
I disagree with that very concept, because I believe that regulatory convergence, rather than regulatory divergence, is more useful both so that British drivers know where they stand in this country and other countries in Europe, and so that European drivers are able to drive in the UK.
Of course, there are other areas where there might be Brexit bonuses, because we might trade with other countries elsewhere in the world, but when it comes to driving licences specifically, the only other countries that we are likely to deal with are those within the European Union.
I believe—I think the Government do too, because so far the Department for Transport has refused to budge in the direction that the right hon.
Lady suggests—that this is an inappropriate Bill that would do harm rather than good.
It would not lead to greater safety, but actually imperil safety in the UK.
We signed up to the Vienna convention in 2018.
Exemptions are allowed under the Vienna convention.
In a previous speech on this matter, the right hon.
Lady pointed out that one of the exemptions that we have introduced relates to when you can cross the road in the UK when a traffic light seems to suggest that you cannot.
Under the Vienna convention, we would not normally be able to do that but we have been able to amend it.