Yes, and I commend the hon.
Lady for having that very successful female-opportunity-giving firm in her constituency.
I am in Scotland later this month and I will try to visit her.
There can be no better example of businesses encouraging STEM education right through school and university for both men and women than the James Dyson Foundation in Malmesbury in my constituency.
Will the Minister join me in warmly thanking and congratulating Sir James Dyson on his recent contribution of £6 million to Malmesbury Primary School, which will also be available for all children in Malmesbury to promote STEM at the heart of my constituency?
I warmly congratulate the Dyson Foundation on that.
It is a fantastic example of philanthropy.
As my hon.
Friend will know, maths education is a key building block, and we are consulting on establishing a national academy of mathematical science, backed by £6 million of funding.
The consultation ends this Sunday and I hope that many hon.
Members will respond.
Improving diversity in STEM is not just the right thing to do; it is vital to our future success.
Diversity brings new ways of thinking, a better understanding and a new approach.
Can the Minister ensure that the Department for Education encourages people to think about STEM careers at the earliest possible level, particularly in primary schools?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point about diversity in STEM starting at the earliest possible age.
I will of course talk to my colleagues in the Department for Education about doing precisely that.
A number of my constituents who work in STEM areas have expressed concerns about female research partners currently in Gaza.
Can the Minister confirm whether any discussions have taken place with colleagues at the Home Office about providing emergency visas to female STEM academics who are currently working in collaboration with UK partners?
I am not aware of that, but I will happily ask the question of Home Office colleagues and write to the hon.
Lady.
What steps her Department is taking to tackle the space industry skills gap.
Delivering a national space strategy is a key priority for me and the Department.
I recognise that a strong space workforce is critical to this, and my hon.
Friend will be pleased to know that we will be publishing a space workforce action plan later this year.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his answer and for his work on this.
He knows, as I do, that the innovation economy in this country is creating hundreds of thousands of new jobs.
Indeed, 500,000 are forecast over the next 10 years in space, agritech, cleantech engineering and bio, in clusters all around the country, as the recent cluster map showed.
Will he ensure that the excellent Department for Education future skills unit liaises closely with the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology cluster team to make sure that we are properly building the job creation plans into the local skills improvement plans on the ground?
My hon.
Friend has done so much to advance the interests of skills in the sector during his many years of public service, and he is quite right to draw attention to the successful cluster map that was launched by the Secretary of State 10 days ago.
The development of skills is a shared responsibility between Government and industry and we take our responsibilities in that respect very seriously.
I want to put on record my thanks to  the hon.
Member for Mid Norfolk (George Freeman)  for having taken the Sutherland spaceport to where it is.
It is now well under way.
Does the Minister agree that the skills we have at Dounreay and at the nearby Thurso College could play a large part in making this a centre of excellence for space launch?
I do agree with the hon.
Gentleman.