That is the first one to leave, then.
Bring back Bercow!
If you want to, do it!
Finally, I should tell the House that in my opinion the operation of  Standing Order No.
31 , which governs the way amendments to Opposition day motions are dealt with, reflects an outdated approach that restricts the options that can be put to the House.
It is my intention to ask the Procedure Committee to consider its operation.
I now call Brendan O’Hara to move the motion.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
I appreciate what you have outlined, but I seek your advice, because obviously I have taken advice from the Clerks.
This is the SNP’s Opposition day, and the purpose of an Opposition day is for our party to have the ability to put forward our business.
We have already had a significant delay to the moving of this motion, which has significant interest, to the extent that we have dropped our second motion.
Now, we appear to be doing things completely in a way that they have never been done before.
May I ask for your advice: what is the point of an Opposition day if it is going to be done like this? [
Applause.]
Let me just say that I think you will want to vote at some point, and clapping is not going to assist it.
rose—
A point of order has been raised by the SNP Chief Whip.
As I say, I have made a judgment on a precedent—it has been done before.
I have viewed it in that way, and that is my ruling.
I am going to stand by the ruling, and I am not taking any more points of order.
I call Brendan O’Hara.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
I am not taking any more points of order, Mr Linden.
I call Brendan O’Hara.
I beg to move,
That this House calls for an immediate ceasefire in Gaza and Israel; notes with shock and distress that the death toll has now risen beyond 28,000, the vast majority of whom were women and children; further notes that there are currently 1.5 million Palestinians sheltering in Rafah, 610,000 of whom are children; also notes that they have nowhere else to go; condemns any military assault on what is now the largest refugee camp in the world; further calls for the immediate release of all hostages taken by Hamas and an end to the collective punishment of the Palestinian people; and recognises that the only way to stop the slaughter of innocent civilians is to press for a ceasefire now.
Our motion calls for an immediate ceasefire in Gaza, from all combatants.
I wish to put on record, once again, our unequivocal condemnation of the Hamas attack of  7 October , and to repeat our call both for the immediate release of all the hostages and for seeing those involved in those atrocities called to account for their actions.
The war in Gaza is one of the great defining moments of our time, yet, until today, this House has not been given the opportunity to debate both the unfolding human catastrophe and the wider implications for regional and global stability.
Nor have   we had the opportunity to debate the urgent and pressing need for an immediate ceasefire, as an essential first step in finding a lasting and just peace.