Their mothers, Leann and Mandy, are campaigning for tougher sentences for knife crime.
Will the Prime Minister support the Danny and Ava campaign to end the scourge of knife crime on our streets?
I express my condolences to Danny and Ava’s families, and the families of all the young people whose lives have been so tragically cut short by knife crime.
We have plans in place to cut knife crime, and they are working—we have confiscated over 120,000 weapons, we have cut violent crime in half since 2010, and more dangerous criminals are going to jail for longer.
We are bringing forward legislation to increase sentences for knife crime and to ban zombie knives, and I very much hope that the hon.
Lady and her party will support those proposals when they are put before the House.
After years of campaigning, it is great news that there will be a direct bus link between two of my biggest towns in Rother Valley, Dinnington and Maltby.
However, there is still a lack of bus transport to our local hospitals.
Does the Prime Minister agree that the South Yorkshire Mayor should use some of his resources to back my plan for transport for the Rother Valley, to ensure that every single village and town has a direct bus link to our local hospitals?
We know how vital bus services are to communities right across the country—indeed, buses are our most popular form of public transportation—which is why we have used some of the savings from HS2 to invest in bus services.
We have capped bus fares at £2 right across the country, and we have provided my hon.
Friend’s local authority with millions of pounds of more funding specifically to support local bus services.
I join him in calling on the Mayor to ensure that there are direct bus routes to hospitals in my hon.
Friend’s constituency, and to make sure that people can see their loved ones at a distressing time.
At the weekend the people of south Wales marched in support of the steel industry, following the Government’s grubby deal with Tata, which is now placing thousands of jobs at risk in Port Talbot and beyond.
The Prime Minister is failing to protect our steel industry because he failed to  make protecting jobs at the plant a red line.
He now has a choice: work with the unions, Tata and the workforce to protect the industry and the jobs with investment, or walk away and do what Tories always do—abandon the south Wales communities yet again.
Which is it, Prime Minister?
This Government have worked hard to secure a long-term, sustainable future for Welsh steelmaking, and to grow the legacy of that important industry.
That is why during the pandemic we stepped in to support Celsa, which, as the hon.
Gentleman knows, safeguarded more than 1,000 jobs and ensured that the plant was sustainable.
It is why we agreed one of the largest ever cash grants, of half a billion pounds, for Tata Steel to safeguard at least 5,000 jobs that would otherwise have been lost.
The hon.
Gentleman might want to ask why the Welsh Labour Government did not put in a penny to support that deal.
The Watford area continues to be the proud home of the national lottery, which employs more than 900 people.
Will my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister, and the whole Cabinet, join me in celebrating the successful handover from Camelot to Allwyn on  1 February , and also the £48 billion raised by national lottery players, which so far has funded 700,000 projects in, I am sure, every constituency?
I join my hon.
Friend in his congratulations and thank everyone involved with the national lottery.
We are all seeing, in our constituencies, the incredible benefit from the investments that they are making, and he is absolutely right to ensure that they receive the praise they deserve today in Parliament.