In a previous speech on this matter, the right hon.
Lady pointed out that one of the exemptions that we have introduced relates to when you can cross the road in the UK when a traffic light seems to suggest that you cannot.
Under the Vienna convention, we would not normally be able to do that but we have been able to amend it.
So there is an argument, which the right hon.
Lady has not made, that this legislation is not necessary to achieve the end that she is trying to achieve.
The right hon.
Lady also referred to the fee of between £2,000 and £3,000.
She made the legitimate point that some charities would like to be able to use minibuses which, when they are fully loaded, go over the 3.5-tonne limit, and that the £2,000 to £3,000 fee is a significant one that can impede them in doing the work that we all want them to do.
However, that matter is in the power of Government without any need for legislation.
A further point is that the Government have consulted on this measure, as the right hon.
Lady said, but have decided not to proceed.
It would be useful if the Government were able to tell us why they have not chosen to proceed.
My suspicion is that it is because they believe that this measure would not be safe.
The right hon.
Lady said that she wanted to extend the length of time for which a licence is provided.
That would clearly be in direct contravention of the Vienna convention.
Presently it is set at 10 years, and I personally think that that is the safest way to ensure that every driver on the road in this country has a valid driving licence that is up to date and has the correct address on it, and that the person is properly insured.
I am sure  many of us have come across cases in our constituencies in which people have been financially disadvantaged because the crash they were involved in was with somebody who did not have a proper driving licence, perhaps because it was out of date and they were not properly insured.
The right hon.
Lady’s measure would drive a coach and horses through that, if you will forgive the pun, Mr Deputy Speaker.
Another issue is that in recent years we have had a significant problem with getting enough HGV drivers in the UK.
I believe that this measure would make that substantially more difficult, adding costs to businesses up and down the country.
It would make it more difficult because many of the present HGV drivers on British roads are not British; they are of other nationalities.
If we had a separate set of regulations for the UK—completely separate from the rest of the European Union—it would make it more difficult for businesses to do their work and create an additional layer of regulatory burden, which is a cost to businesses.
My final point is that there are 78 private Members’ Bills listed on the Order Paper that will be called for Second Reading on  23 February ,  1 March ,  15 March  or  22 March , all of which are before the final date for calling a general election on  2 May .
I do not think that a single one of them will enter the statute book.
There are actually 26 in the name of Members called Christopher, and I feel rather left out that not one of them comes from myself.
The serious point is that we keep putting more Bills on to the Order Paper but not putting them on to the statute book, because we still have a system for ten-minute rule Bills and private Members’ Bills that is completely and utterly bust.