Does the Minister agree that the skills we have at Dounreay and at the nearby Thurso College could play a large part in making this a centre of excellence for space launch?
I do agree with the hon.
Gentleman.
This is a very exciting moment in UK space, and he has long championed the cause of his own constituents in that respect.
I look forward to this year being a very successful year for him and the whole space supply chain, and inspiring a future generation locally.
What steps her Department is taking to improve rural connectivity.
What steps her Department is taking to improve rural connectivity.
What steps her Department is taking to improve rural connectivity.
What steps her Department is taking to improve rural connectivity.
We have made huge progress in connecting the countryside.
In 2019 only 6% of premises had gigabit-capable broadband; now it is 80%, and the UK is building gigabit networks faster than any country in the EU.
This month we launched another six Project Gigabit contracts to connect another 690,000 rural homes.
The shared rural networks are tackling mobile notspots and we have satellite trials for the very hardest to reach.
I am grateful to the Minister for all the work that her Department is doing, but my constituents in Inkberrow have contacted me because they are really concerned that the infrastructure for their much-needed broadband is being put in using poles in the street rather than underground as they were promised.
We must upgrade our infrastructure, but we must not damage our beautiful countryside in the process, so what can she do to support my constituents in Inkberrow to ensure that this much-needed infrastructure is buried underground?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this point, and I agree that we want to build underground where possible.
It is important that she is advocating on behalf of her constituents, because we have had issues relating to poles.
We encourage sharing, but that is not always happening.
It seems to be an issue in particular pockets of the country, and we are talking to Ofcom about this to see what more we can do.
It is brilliant to hear about all of this progress.
What assessment has the Minister made of the value for money cap in connecting the hardest-to-reach households and businesses, of which I have many in my very rural, incredibly beautiful but sparsely populated constituency?
My hon.
Friend’s constituency has very low gigabit connectivity, partly because its geography makes connections very expensive.
That is why we launched one of our very first contracts in Cumbria.
Some 15,000 premises are going to be connected across Copeland, and we are trying to stretch the contract as far as it will go.
For premises that will not be reached, we will look at other technologies so that we can get to them as quickly as possible.
I work closely with Philip Burrows, Denbighshire’s excellent digital officer.
He tells me that Openreach can still impose significant excess charges to connect properties that are declared enabled for fibre.
In those instances, people are unable to claim via the gigabit voucher scheme.
Will my hon.
Friend outline what steps she is taking to address this matter?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising the experience of Mr Burrows, who sounds like a very experienced officer.
I would like to hear a bit more detail, because it sounds like the properties he cites have access to a fibre connection and would not be eligible for a voucher.
I would like to know a bit more about the excess charges so that we can deal with any problems.
Rossett, outside Wrexham, has little to no connectivity, despite the Ofcom checker predicting that it has a good signal.
This significantly limits residents’ lives.