Does the Minister agree that that innovation partnership offers real opportunities for jobs in the future, and should there not be more incentives to make innovations come faster rather than slower?
I agree with the hon.
Member about the importance of focusing on innovation and collaboration in this area.
The University of Huddersfield received £1.63 million this year through the higher education innovation fund to support knowledge exchange and collaboration with business, and I am sure that we can write to the hon.
Member with more details.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
On  1 January  this year, the UK became an associate member of the Horizon Europe programme and Copernicus.
Given  our delayed start, could the Secretary of State say what steps she is taking to encourage participation by UK universities and businesses?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
I welcome the news shared just last week by Commissioner Ivanova, who said the early signs of uptake are absolutely excellent.
Indeed, some programmes are projecting an increase of over 50%.
We are not being complacent.
We have launched a comprehensive international marketing campaign, introduced a pump-priming scheme with the British Academy and already started on roadshows.
I call the shadow Minister.
British researchers are among the best in the world.
We are not so good at turning our brilliant research into the growth that our economy so desperately needs, which requires collaboration between businesses and universities throughout the long years of discovery, testing, adoption and commercialisation.
Funding science in chunks of three years or less does not help, so universities, businesses and researchers have all welcomed Labour’s commitment to set 10-year budgets for funding bodies in key institutions.
Does the Secretary of State agree, or is that too much to expect from a short-term, sticking-plaster Government?
While the words sound good, it is this Government who are delivering on our plan.
Just a few months ago we published our response to the spin-out review, and we are making record levels of investment—£20 billion in research and development.
This is a Government who are not just talking the talk, but actually delivering.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help support women into science, technology, engineering and mathematics jobs.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help support women into science, technology, engineering and mathematics jobs.
Our priority is to ensure that everyone, regardless of background, can pursue the exciting opportunities in STEM.
That ambition fully extends to the hon.
Members’ constituents in Paisley and Renfrewshire North and in Livingston.
New data from Times Higher Education reveals that female science undergraduates are twice as likely to experience sexism as their peers on non-science courses.
Many have reported being patronised or belittled by their male classmates, with this behaviour routinely going unchallenged by staff.
What steps is the Minister taking to address the pervasive culture of sexism in STEM so that more women can be encouraged to pursue jobs in that important sector?
A key priority for this Government is ensuring that everybody, regardless of background, faces no discrimination and can pursue an occupation in STEM.
I am pleased to report that the number of STEM apprenticeship starts by women this year is up by almost 8%, and since 2016 a total of almost £8 million has been awarded to 152 remarkable women role models to help them grow their businesses and innovation.
A vaccine firm in my Livingston constituency, Valneva, does lifesaving and pioneering work, and nearly 50% of its workforce are women.
It does brilliant work to encourage women into STEM careers.
Would the Minister consider coming to Livingston, visiting Valneva, and meeting the company and me to see at first hand the fantastic work it does?
Yes, and I commend the hon.
Lady for having that very successful female-opportunity-giving firm in her constituency.
I am in Scotland later this month and I will try to visit her.