Canada is a NATO ally, a Commonwealth partner and one of our biggest export markets.
How do we get to the bottom of whether these trade talks are going on in the Secretary of State’s mind or happening in real life?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his point of order and for giving notice of it.
As he knows, I am not responsible for the accuracy of Ministers’ statements in the House, but I am sure, again, that those on the Treasury Bench will have heard his remarks.
As Chair of the Select Committee, he will have further opportunities to pursue the matter directly with the Secretary of State.
I am pretty sure that is what he intends to do.
On a point of order, Madam Deputy Speaker.
Large numbers of our constituents have come to lobby Parliament today because the issue of Gaza is so close to their hearts.
Only a limited number are being allowed into Westminster Hall, even though there is quite a sizeable amount of space, so many constituents are being forced  to stand out in the rain.
Would it be possible to see what could be done to accommodate more in Westminster Hall as they come in and filter on the green card system?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his point of order.
This is obviously a matter that the House authorities will be dealing with, but I will ensure that his comments are fed back to see if anything further can be done.
I am sure that he will appreciate that large numbers of people trying to gain entrance can inevitably cause some delays, and I am sure we are all sorry about that.
As I say, I will feed back his comments.
On a point of order, Madam Deputy Speaker.
Later today we will be voting on very sensitive matters that affect the whole House.
At the start of that debate, Mr Speaker will no doubt announce which amendments, if any, he will allow to be put to the House.
When he was elected, Mr Speaker gave a solemn promise that he would publish the advice he got from the Clerk of the House when he made controversial decisions.
I do not know what he will decide or what his recommendation will be, but could you prevail on Mr Speaker, when he comes back to the Chair, to release the advice he is given by the Clerk on whatever decision he comes to on the amendments to the SNP motion we are debating this afternoon?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his point of order.
I am sure that his comments will have been heard and that Mr Speaker will make his decision in due course, with all the comments the hon.
Gentleman has raised about publication.
I think we will leave it at that.
On a point of order, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I wonder if you could give me some advice.
My office wrote to the Home Secretary more than six weeks ago and we have still not received a response from him about an issue raised by a constituent.
It is becoming increasingly clear that Ministers are either wilfully refusing to respond to Members of Parliament or simply, rather worryingly, just treating Members of Parliament with sheer contempt.
What do we do to force Ministers to do their duty and respond appropriately to Members of this House?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his point of order.
This issue has been raised with the Leader of the House at business questions and I know she takes it very seriously.
The hon.
Gentleman might like to raise it again on Thursday at business questions, but I have confidence that those on the Treasury Bench have heard his comments, have written them down and will feed them back.
On a point of order, Madam Deputy Speaker.