The hon.
Gentleman might like to raise it again on Thursday at business questions, but I have confidence that those on the Treasury Bench have heard his comments, have written them down and will feed them back.
On a point of order, Madam Deputy Speaker.
You will know that yesterday in the House there was an urgent question on border security.
Later on that afternoon, it became public that the Independent Chief Inspector of Borders and Immigration had been sacked by the Home Secretary.
It is claimed that the Home Secretary lost confidence in the Independent Chief Inspector.
It was clear from the urgent question yesterday that one of  the issues the Chief Inspector was most exercised by was the 15 reports he has lodged with the Home Office since April 2023, which have not been published.
The agreement with the Chief Inspector is that reports he submits to the Home Office should be published within eight weeks.
Clearly, a number of those reports are well overdue.
Have you, Madam Deputy Speaker, had any indication from Ministers about whether they were planning to come to the House to make a statement about Mr David Neal and the fact that he was sacked yesterday afternoon?
More importantly, what has happened to the 15 reports the Independent Chief Inspector has lodged since April last year, many of which are on important issues?
Further to that, Madam Deputy Speaker, there is an issue about the Government introducing legislation, which this House is very concerned about, on the Rwanda policy and asylum seekers being moved to Rwanda to have their claims processed.
With the lack of anyone now in the role of the Independent Chief Inspector of Borders and Immigration, that will mean there is no independent oversight or scrutiny at a time when a major policy decision will be implemented by the Government.
The Home Affairs Committee is particularly concerned by any delay.
We saw in The Times a report that it will be six to nine months before an new Independent Chief Inspector of Borders and Immigration is appointed.
Can you advise on the best way forward?
I thank the right hon.
Lady for her point of order.
She raised a number of points.
I have not received any notification that a statement is forthcoming—she did refer to an urgent question yesterday.
I know the right hon.
Lady regularly attends business questions, and this may be something she might like to press the Leader of the House on.
Those on the Treasury Bench have heard what she has had to say and will feed it back.
I am sure that in her role as Chair of the Home Affairs Committee she may have other means to pursue the issues she has raised, in particular in respect of reports that she may be able to ask for, but she will possibly know more than me about that.
On a point of order, Madam Deputy Speaker.
A year ago tomorrow, I raised with the Prime Minister a really  important point about the payment of a fine to the EU of £2.3 billion.
Following that question to him, I wrote to the Prime Minister asking for an explanation.
A year on, I have not had a reply.
I would have thought it would be in the interests of all in this House to understand how it was that a payment of £2.3 billion was paid as a fine for late payment to the EU.
It is in our interests to understand what happened, so is there any recourse I can take to understand what happened?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his point of order.
Again, I do not have responsibility for answers given.
It may well be that he could pursue the matter through further questions to the Table Office.