This scandal has unfolded over decades, and it was following a landmark 2019 High Court case that the previous Government established a statutory inquiry led by Sir Wyn Williams, which is uncovering exactly what went wrong.
It is right that that inquiry is allowed to do its work.
Also, following the High Court case, the Government established an independent advisory board and not one but three different compensation schemes.
As of now, over two thirds of people have received full and final offers.
What we are focused on is ensuring that victims get the justice and compensation that they deserve.
This information about 2016 has come to light just this week, which is precisely why I am asking about it.
Considering that the Prime Minister’s Foreign Secretary was running the Government in 2016, and one of the Prime Minister’s current Cabinet Office Ministers was the Post Office Minister, has he thought to ask either of them what they knew in 2016?
No, Mr Speaker—[Interruption.]
We did the right thing, which was to set up an independent statutory inquiry.
That is the right way to resolve this issue; it is the right way to get victims the truth and the answers that they demand.
This Government are getting on with getting them the compensation that they rightly deserve.
As we all know, the Horizon scandal left people isolated, their livelihoods lost, their lives ruined.
Some died without ever getting the justice that they deserved.
Fears of delay, or of cover up, are causing them anguish.
Yesterday, Chris Head, once accused by the Post Office of owing more than £80,000, said this:
“There is a lack of transparency…We need to see the correspondence between [the] Post Office, the department and UKGI because all of this time everything gets shrouded in secrecy”—[Interruption.]
These are his words; have some respect, please.
These are victims.
I appreciate that the inquiry is ongoing, but as the Prime Minister knows—as do I and the whole House—that does not provide a reason why he cannot draw a line under this, give postmasters such as Chris the peace of mind that they need, and release all the correspondence that he wants to see.
Will he now do so?
As I said, this is one of the greatest miscarriages of justice in our country’s history.
I do not think it is one that the Leader of the Opposition ever raised with me during these exchanges over the past year, but we are working hard to get victims not just the answers but the compensation that they deserve.
We now have a statutory inquiry led by Sir Wyn Williams, who has the powers to get access to all the documentation that he requires and to speak to everybody that he needs to.
That is the right and proper way to get the truth that the victims deserve, but in the meantime, we are not wasting a moment to get victims the compensation they deserve.
The legislation will be before the House shortly.
In recent decades, there have been numerous scandals that have left public faith in our institutions shaken, and rebuilding that confidence will require those affected to see that politicians are being honest with them and to believe it.
Just like the postmasters, victims of the infected blood scandal have been subject to unimaginable trauma during their search for justice, so can the Prime Minister put their minds at ease and tell the House what undertakings he has given to ensure that the Government are not “limping to the election” on payments that those victims are owed by the British state?
When it comes to the infected blood scandal, as I have said before, I am acutely aware of the strength of feeling on this issue and the suffering of all those who were impacted by that dreadful scandal.