I join my hon.
Friend in his congratulations and thank everyone involved with the national lottery.
We are all seeing, in our constituencies, the incredible benefit from the investments that they are making, and he is absolutely right to ensure that they receive the praise they deserve today in Parliament.
The Prime Minister has been at it again.
In a previous answer, he boasted about transferring investment from the north of England to the south.
When he came to Manchester in the autumn to insult the people of the north of England and cancel HS2—proudly cancel it—was he aware then that, because the trains have to split without the HS2 lines and do not tilt, he would be slowing down services and reducing capacity?
Did he not know that, or did he not care?
Let me say a couple of things.
First, our plans to continue with phase 1 mean that we can handle triple the capacity that is currently being used on the line.
Secondly, every penny of the £19.8 billion from the northern bit of HS2 will stay in the north, being invested in services that people use, such as local buses, and will be delivered quicker.
Thirdly, the hon.
Gentleman is critical of the decision, but I have still not quite figured out Labour’s position on this.
Do they support the redeployment of £36 billion of HS2 savings in transport across the rest of the country, or do they not?
As ever, we do not know what they stand for, they cannot say what they would do, and they would just take Britain back to square one.
On a point of order, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I wonder whether you could clarify for the House how we could get some transparency in relation to the questions that the Prime Minister failed to answer today about the Business Secretary’s dispute with the former chair of the Post Office, and about whose recollection of that meeting is in fact correct.
Have we, as Members of the House, any recourse to the minutes of that meeting?
The Business Secretary said that at no point was anyone told to delay compensation payments by an official, by a Minister or by any Government Department.
What we have heard this morning—and the Prime Minister failed to answer during Prime Minister’s questions—does not clarify the matter for us.
I do not know whether you could help to clarify it, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I thank the hon.
Lady for her point of order.
It really is not a matter for the Chair, but she has come in very quickly after Prime Minister’s questions to put her point on the record, and I know that it will have been heard by those on the Treasury Bench.
On a point of order, Madam Deputy Speaker.
Could you advise me on how we can get to the bottom of exactly what is going on with our Canadian trade talks?
On  25 January , Politico broke a story about a breakdown in our trade talks with Canada.
When I asked the Secretary of State for Business and Trade about this, she said:
“This is a good opportunity for me to state explicitly that the talks have not broken down.
”—[Official Report,  29 January 2024 ; Vol.
744, c. 657.]
On the Business and Trade Committee, we trust but verify.
Madam Deputy Speaker, you will be as surprised as I was to hear the following relayed in a letter from the Canadian high commissioner:
“As far as I am aware, since the U.K. announced its pause on January 25th, there have been neither negotiations nor technical discussions with respect to any of the outstanding issues”.
Canada is a NATO ally, a Commonwealth partner and one of our biggest export markets.
How do we get to the bottom of whether these trade talks are going on in the Secretary of State’s mind or happening in real life?
I thank the right hon.