This afternoon the House will have an opportunity to consider its approach to the situation in Israel and Gaza.
Our position is crystal clear: we have called, and will always call, for an immediate humanitarian pause, which would allow the safe release of hostages and more aid to go into Gaza, to create the conditions for a genuinely sustainable ceasefire.
But just calling for an immediate, full ceasefire now, which would collapse back into fighting in days or weeks, would not be in anyone’s interests.
We are committed not just to an immediate humanitarian pause, but to finding a lasting resolution to this conflict that delivers on the promise of a two-state solution and ensures that Israelis and Palestinians can live in the future with dignity and security.
It seems that, with the exception of the British Transport police, all other police forces will treat non-contact sex crimes as they would perhaps the theft of a bike, petty retail crime or antisocial behaviour.
Will the Prime Minister facilitate a meeting between me, colleagues and the Home Secretary to give priority to these acts of crime, to ensure that women and young girls get the protection they deserve?
Of course we want women and girls to get the protection that they deserve, and I am pleased that our violence against women and girls strategy is showing results, improving the safety on our streets and increasing sentences for rapists.
I will make sure that my hon.
Friend gets the meeting that he needs with the Home Secretary or relevant policing Ministers to discuss his concerns.
I heard the Prime Minister’s responses to the Leader of the Opposition.
Just like the Business Secretary’s claims that delays on compensation are wild, baseless allegations, his answers are unbelievable.
The response from the Government Benches to the quote from my constituent Chris Head was completely disrespectful.
The reality is that we would not have any action without the ITV serialisation of the sub-postmaster scandal— Government Members can shout all they like, but we all know that is the case.
The Prime Minister has promised a new law to swiftly exonerate and compensate victims.
Today he said “shortly”, so will he commit today to ensuring that it is brought forward before the next general election?
Yes, the legislation will be brought before the House very, very soon.
After Network Rail’s so-called signalling improvement works, there has been traffic chaos and delays at level crossings across Egham.
In fact, data analysed by my team shows that in the year to September 2023 there was a 3,967% increase in waits of more than 10 minutes from when the barriers go down.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that this is unacceptable and that Network Rail needs to sort it out?
I am sorry to hear about the delays faced by my hon.
Friend’s constituents, which I know will be disruptive to their lives.
It is important that we have proper connectivity in our local areas, and  I will ensure that he gets the relevant meeting he needs to put pressure on Network Rail to improve the service it is providing.
Children and young adults are most likely to be the victims or perpetrators of knife crime.
Ava White was 12 years old when she was stabbed and killed by a 14-year-old in Liverpool city centre in 2021.
Danny Jamieson was 16 when he died as a result of knife crime.
Their mothers, Leann and Mandy, are campaigning for tougher sentences for knife crime.
Will the Prime Minister support the Danny and Ava campaign to end the scourge of knife crime on our streets?
I express my condolences to Danny and Ava’s families, and the families of all the young people whose lives have been so tragically cut short by knife crime.