During recess, I took part in a cross-party Inter-Parliamentary Union delegation to the UN summit on conflict and security.
One of the seminars was about AI security.
I know the UK held the first ever summit on AI safety, with 28 countries coming together to put forward guidelines.
What update do we have on bringing more countries on board to ensure that AI can be explored safely?
There is a lot of ongoing work, including my conversations with G7 partners; I know that the Secretary of State is meeting with international partners.
I would welcome a meeting and an update from my hon.
Friend on his conversations at the UN and what work is being done there.
The Prime Minister was asked—
If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday  21 February.
The whole House will join me in sending our deepest condolences to the family of Alexei Navalny.
He died for a cause to which he dedicated his whole life: freedom.
To return home knowing that Putin had already tried to have him killed was one of the most courageous acts of our time.
Together with our allies, we are considering all options to hold Russia and Putin to account, and this morning we sanctioned those running the prison where Alexei Navalny’s body still lies.
This morning, I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
I know that my right hon.
Friend will share the horror felt by this House—the oldest people’s assembly in the world—at the acid attack against a woman and two children on the streets of London.
Does he share my anger that we would still have been unable to deport the perpetrator had he been found because of the so-called European Court of Human Rights?
When will we stop bending the knee to this so-called European court—a travesty of a court?
This was a horrific attack, and my thoughts are with the victims and their family.
Obviously, I cannot comment on a live investigation, but speaking more broadly, clearly I do not think that it is right for dangerous foreign criminals to be able to stay in our country.
That is why our Nationality and Borders Act 2022 made it clear that anyone who is convicted of a crime and gets a sentence of 12 months or more will not be granted asylum in the United Kingdom.
That is the common-sense position, which I believe is supported by the majority of the British public, but one that the Labour party voted against time and time again.
I call the Leader of the Opposition.
I start by welcoming my hon.
Friends the new Members for Kingswood (Damien Egan) and for Wellingborough (Gen Kitchen).
I know that they will both be powerful advocates for their constituents.
On a more sombre note, I join with the Prime Minister—I was glad to hear what he just had to say, because I am sure that the whole House will join me—in sharing our disgust at the death of Alexei Navalny, who, as the Prime Minister said, died because of his efforts to expose the corruption of the Putin regime.
It is a reminder that Putin has stolen not just the wealth but the future and democracy of the Russian people.
Would the Prime Minister be prepared personally to repeat the allegation made by his Business Secretary that the former chair of the Post Office is “lying” when he says that he was told to “go slow” on compensation for postmasters, and “limp” to the next election?
As the Business Secretary said on Monday, she asked Henry Staunton to step down after serious concerns were raised.