I would like to know a bit more about the excess charges so that we can deal with any problems.
Rossett, outside Wrexham, has little to no connectivity, despite the Ofcom checker predicting that it has a good signal.
This significantly limits residents’ lives.
Ofcom acknowledges that it is a prediction, but Building Digital UK says that, because the Government rely on this prediction, there is little chance of Rossett receiving any benefit from the shared rural network programme.
What would the Minister advise my residents to do?
My hon.
Friend highlights the challenge I have had in answering this question.
The mobile connectivity figures I have for her constituency are extremely high.
This highlights the issue we have with Ofcom’s reporting maps, which are simply not good enough.
We have consistently raised this with Ofcom, and we hope to make progress.
There has been significant improvement in rural broadband connectivity in Northern Ireland as a result of our agreement with the previous Government.
Will the Minister take steps to ensure that small businesses in rural areas across the country can further develop themselves by maximising this advantage?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to highlight the fantastic connectivity in Northern Ireland.
In fact, I think it has some of the very best connectivity in the entire country.
I will look into any spots that are still not covered, and I will happily get back to him.
I thank the Minister for that answer.
Will she outline how rural businesses can ensure that they have superfast broadband to secure their viability in an increasingly online market?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman, but his businesses no longer want superfast.
They want gigabit speeds and, thankfully, Northern Ireland has tremendous gigabit speeds.
If there are any issues, particularly with access for small businesses, I am happy to look into them.
Devon County Council is spending its broadband clawback money on anything but broadband.
That £7.8 million was intended for improving broadband in rural areas, including in villages such as Northleigh.
Residents have encountered numerous pledges on poles, but they still do not have full fibre.
Does the Minister think the clawback funding for broadband should have been ringfenced by Devon County Council?
These issues have been highlighted many times by Conservative Members from Devon.
We thought we had worked through some of those challenges.
The clawback challenge that the hon.
Gentleman highlights has not previously been raised with me, and I will happily look into it for him.
Some 4.8 million people live in rural 5G notspots; rural areas are seven times more likely to have broadband speeds worse than those at base camp at Everest; one in five poorer homes have no internet to the home at all; and cardiac arrest  phones and medical monitors still rely on analogue telephony. [
Interruption.]
Why are this Government such an abject failure?
Order.
The House could not hear Sir Chris Bryant—[Interruption.]
I will have no suggestion that that was deliberate.
People may need to speak, but can they do so in a quiet voice and allow Sir Chris to re-ask his question?
Let us just stick with the punchline, shall we?
Why are this Government such an abject failure?
I know that the hon.
Gentleman loves to stick the boot in, but he has chosen the wrong subject here.
In 2019, there was 6% gigabit coverage, whereas the figure now is 80%.
This is a massive infrastructure project, and it is one of the biggest successes that we have, so he has chosen the wrong thing to be snipey about.
What steps her Department is taking to support research and development in medical technology.
The UK has an exceptional record of innovation in medical technology.
There could not be a more exciting time for the sector; we are extending the length and quality of human life, and solving rare diseases, with the help of the Medical Research Council’s £650 million grant this year.