I am glad he brought up Bury football club, because it was my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bury North (James Daly)  who ensured £1 million of funding to safeguard that football club, and that is what we are doing to communities up and down the country.
GP surgeries promised in planning applications take far too long to be built.
Can we clear away the obstacles and make it easier for our amazing family doctors to use additional consulting rooms that they are happy with elsewhere in the community, so that GPs, and the many extra prescribing nurses they are now employing, can see more patients now while they wait for bespoke premises to be built?
I thank my hon.
Friend, who speaks from a point of authority.
He knows that we have high standards to ensure that GPs provide services from premises that meet all the required criteria, but I understand it is possible for those services to be provided at alternative locations that meet the contract requirements.
I will happily ensure that the Health and Social Care Secretary looks into his suggestions about more flexibility.
He will also welcome our recent plans to expand the range of services available at pharmacies, saving many people time and hassle to get treatment for  seven common ailments at their local pharmacist, easing the pressure on our GPs and speeding up the care that people deserve.
I was in the House on 18 March 2003 when this House voted to go to war in Iraq on the demands of the then Labour Government.
What followed was death, misery, and destruction on an almost unimaginable scale.
Voting against the Iraq war is the vote I am most proud of in my time in this House.
Today, after 29,000 deaths in Gaza, we face a vote of similar significance.
Does the Prime Minister believe that MPs today should look back with that same pride, knowing that they have done everything possible to stop the death, destruction, and misery tonight?
Nobody wants to see the fighting in Gaza go on for a moment longer than is necessary, and nobody wants to see innocent civilians suffer.
That is why we are doing absolutely everything we can to bring about an immediate humanitarian pause, allowing for the safe release of hostages, which the hon.
Gentleman failed to mention I believe, and also getting more aid into Gaza to create the conditions for a genuinely sustainable ceasefire.
That is the position shared by our allies, that is what our diplomatic efforts are focused on, and that is what our motion tonight will reflect.
I have had the privilege to be spending a lot of time with the law-abiding, tax-paying, hard-working patriotic people of Romford in recent months, and they have been telling me what they think.
Does the Prime Minister agree with the people of Romford that we need a radical plan to control immigration and stop illegal immigration, to regain sovereignty over our human rights laws in this country, to tell the Mayor of London that we need more police to stop crime in the London Borough of Havering, and a fair funding settlement for Havering?
Will the Prime Minister come with me to Romford market, following the footsteps of Margaret Thatcher, and meet the people of Romford?
One thing I can tell him they do not want is to be taken back into the European Union by a socialist Government.
May I welcome my hon.
Friend back to his place?
I agree with everything he said, and I look forward to visiting him and his Romford constituents at the earliest opportunity.
At a recent meeting of Warwickshire County Council, children with special educational needs were described by some county councillors as requiring “some form of strict correction”, or were “just really badly behaved”.
Other inappropriate language was used.