I know that my hon.
Friend is a champion of his brilliant Weston College, which is an example of the greatness of our FE colleges.
He will be pleased to know that the DFE publishes outcomes data on further education, which shows statistics on the employment, earnings and learning outcomes of further education learners.
We are introducing a data dashboard, which is in the direction of travel in which he wants to go.
Despite statutory guidance to reduce the costs of school uniforms, far too many schools are requiring four and up to five branded items.
What more will the Minister do to intervene to ensure that schools abide by the law?
I thank the hon.
Member for his private Member’s Bill that, with the Government’s support, enabled us to put the guidance on a statutory footing.
About 61% of headteachers are aware of that guidance and are taking action to implement it.
If parents are still concerned that the school uniform is too expensive, they can raise it with the school and go through the school’s complaints process.
In the absence of any Ofsted oversight or regulation of multi-academy trusts, will my right hon.
Friend tell me what mechanism is in place for a school to escalate concerns over the pooling of pupil grant funding, especially in a situation where a multi-academy trust gives a school considerably less money than the Education and Skills Funding Agency allowance for that school?
Academy trusts can pool their general annual grant to deliver key improvements and efficiencies across the academies in the trust.
The academy trust handbook requires consideration of each school’s needs and an appeals mechanism, which can be escalated to the ESFA.
In my constituency of Edinburgh West this week, students are graduating, some of them with unclassified results, because of a dispute involving marking.
This is making it difficult for those wishing to do masters or PhDs, particularly foreign students who have been told that they will have to reapply for visas.
Are the Department  for Education and the Home Office looking at ways of facilitating those students taking up the places that they have been offered without the classification and avoiding that problem with the visas?
UK Visas and Immigration will consider exercising discretion, and will hold graduate route applications made before the applicant results have been received, provided that the results are received within eight weeks of the application being made.
Students who do not know when they will receive their results due to the boycott will be able to extend their permission while they wait for their results.
They will be exceptionally exempt from meeting academic progression requirements.
I will write to the hon.
Lady with fuller details.
Recently I visited Rushmere Hall Primary School in Ipswich, which is doing a fantastic job to support all neurodiverse pupils, particularly dyslexic pupils; however, its head spoke of a need for all regular teachers to have a better base understanding of neurodiversity, not just new specialists.
In the special educational needs and disabilities improvement plan, the Government committed to that.
I would like an update on how far we are getting with delivering that in practice.
I thank my hon.
Friend, who I know is an amazing campaigner on this issue.
We are doing a lot to progress the support in schools, making sure that we have access to a specialist workforce and that teachers have proper training.
We will set out a best practice guide on autism specifically, for which we have seen a big rise in need.
The price of school meals has increased by more than a third in some parts of the UK, yet the Government, and indeed the Labour Front Benchers, will not commit to universal free school meals for primary school-age children.
The Scottish Government are rolling out free school meals across all primary schools.