The further education sector is facing a teaching crisis, not fully addressed by the pay review body.
In my constituency, East Durham College has had two teacher vacancies in engineering and a computer science position unfilled for 18 months.
Barriers to recruitment include high workload, qualification reform, excessive assessment and a huge pay disparity compared with comparable work in industry.
Could the Secretary of State tell us what steps she is taking to ensure that further education teaching is an attractive and viable career?
I very much care about further education and ensuring that it has the funding.
That is why, as of last week, we are investing an additional £185 million in the financial year 2023-24 and £285 million in 2024-25 to drive forward skills delivery in further education.
The Government do not set pay for the FE sector.
However, I have been clear that I expect that funding, which is new funding, to go to the frontline.
I hope the investment will support the FE sector to address its recruitment and retention challenges.
In addition, we introduced bursaries of £29,000 for STEM—science, technology, engineering and maths—subjects, and the Taking Teaching Further programme is working with industry and paying £6,000 to attract those from industry who want to spend their second career in FE teaching.
We have seen a significant increase in the number of teachers leaving the profession in Durham.
They are burnt out and their unmanageable workloads are made harder by support staff redundancies in schools where there is an absence of furniture and equipment, with children even carrying chairs between lessons so that there is somewhere to sit.
One teacher said to me, “It is like being a baker with no flour, a delivery driver without a van, an IT specialist without a computer.”
When will the Department provide the absolute basics for our schools in Durham?
We are going even further than the basics, because we will be funding education higher than we have ever funded it in our history.
It will be £60 billion next year.
But I do take workload seriously.
As part of our discussions with the unions, we have agreed to set up a workload taskforce, which has a target to remove five hours from the school working week in addition to the five hours we have already reduced.
Last year, more teachers entered the profession than left it: 47,954 entered the profession and 43,997 left it.
If we look at the averages, the leavers rate has been stable since 2010, but we are investing more in our education system than ever before.
One particularly challenging area of work for teachers is special needs education.
There are many who want to work in that field, but in Essex our special needs schools are unfortunately already full to bursting.
That is why, today, I am launching a campaign for a new special needs school in south Essex.
I met the Minister for Schools, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Bognor Regis and Littlehampton (Nick Gibb)  in advance and he was very helpful.
Will the Secretary of State and the Schools Minister work with me and Essex County Council to try to get us the additional special needs places in Essex that parents and special needs children so desperately need?
I absolutely agree with my right hon.
Friend.
This is something we have already announced: we will invest £2.6 billion in building more special schools.
We are getting another one in Sussex and many hon.
Members are getting more special educational needs schools in their areas.
We would be very happy to work with him and Essex County Council to ensure the right provision in Essex for all children who have additional needs.
I pay tribute to all the staff and teachers at my local FE college, Basingstoke College of Technology for all the work they do to ensure that young people in my constituency are ready for work.