The Office for Students already has these powers, and has already capped four specific providers.
Rather than putting down our universities and capping our young people’s aspirations, why does the Secretary of State not invest in them by restoring maintenance grants, and finally signing the dotted line on Horizon membership?
Not all the things I have brought forward today have already been announced.
The information on foundation degrees is new, and the work we are doing with the OfS is also new.
We have asked the OfS to consider the impact of recruitment limits, and how those can be introduced.
I personally think this is an important set of reforms.
We need to make sure that we have access to these fantastic courses at our universities so that through programmes—such as Horizon, when we complete those negotiations—we can continue to offer the very best in science from this country.
I very much welcome this statement to limit the number of students that universities can recruit to courses that are failing.
The Secretary of State has my full support.
Can she tell me whether this measure will also apply to foreign students?
At the very least, will foreign students be barred from bringing dependants with them to do these courses?
The quality of the courses on offer applies to everybody.
If we change the quality for domestic students, it will then be the same quality for international students, which is important because of the size of the international student sector, which brings about £25 billion to £30 billion to our economy every year.
We have already addressed the issue of dependants for taught master’s courses in our recent changes to migration visas.
The Secretary of State has confirmed that the Office for Students already had the powers to enforce on student outcome provisions,  so this announcement is just narrow politicking.
Hidden in the UCAS figures last week was the fact that home student applications are falling in this country.
Can the Secretary of State confirm that this Government’s policy is now one of narrowing participation?
Absolutely not, no.
I am delighted that the hon.
Gentleman has asked this question, because our policy is about widening participation and making sure that education is high-quality.
It is also about making sure that there are more degree apprenticeships.
There are now 180,000, which did not exist before.
There are now 180,000 more people who can do what I did, as the only degree apprentice in the House of Commons.
It is a fantastic route into the workplace.
We also have higher technical qualifications and boot camps.
There is so much investment that has all happened under this Conservative Government.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that the shadow Secretary of State,  the hon.
Member for Houghton and Sunderland South (Bridget Phillipson) , missed the opportunity to condemn the disgusting and cruel University and College Union marking boycott?
Will my right hon.
Friend use these reforms to protect young people to ensure that this never happens again and that universities such as Cambridge and Exeter can issue degrees?
It is important.
Young people have suffered already a lot during covid.
They have invested in their degree and put all the hard work in.
It is only right that they should have their degrees marked.
This is a dispute between universities and their lecturers, but we are urging them to make sure they prioritise all those who will be graduating this year.
I welcome the announcement today, because for far too long, some universities cynically sold courses to students even though they knew the outcomes were poor in qualifications and employment opportunities.
Does the Minister accept that it was her party that allowed the increase in fees, was aware of the mismatch sometimes between courses and the needs of the economy, and did nothing to cap those courses?