That is not acceptable.
I will therefore issue statutory guidance to the OfS setting out that it should impose recruitment limits on provision that does not meet its rigorous quality requirements for positive student outcomes, to help to constrain the size and growth of courses that do not deliver for students.
We will also ask the OfS to consider how it can incorporate graduate earnings into its quality regime.
We recognise that many factors can influence graduate earnings, but students have a right to expect that their investment in higher education will improve their career prospects, and we should rightly scrutinise courses that appear to offer limited added value to students on the metric that matters most to many.
We will work with the OfS to consider franchising arrangements in the sector.
All organisations that deliver higher education must be held to robust standards.
I am concerned about some indications that franchising is acting as a potential route for low quality to seep into the higher education system, and I am absolutely clear that lead providers have a responsibility to ensure that franchised provision is of the same quality as directly delivered provision.
If we find examples of undesirable practices, we will not hesitate to act further on franchising.
As I have said, we will ensure that students are charged a fair price for their studies.
That is why we are also reducing to £5,760 the fees for classroom-based foundation year courses such as business studies and social sciences, in line with the highest standard funding rate for access to HE diplomas.
Recently we have seen an explosion in the growth of many such courses, but limited evidence that they are in the best interests of students.
We are not reducing the fee limits for high-cost, strategically important subjects such as veterinary sciences and medicine, but we want to ensure that foundation years are not used to add to the bottom line of institutions at the expense of those who study them.
We will continue to monitor closely the growth of foundation year provision, and we will not hesitate to introduce further restrictions or reductions.
I want providers to consider whether those courses add value for students, and to phase out that provision in favour of a broad range of tertiary options with the advent of the LLE.
Our aim is that everyone who wants to benefit from higher education has the opportunity to do so.
That is why we will not proceed at this time with a minimum requirement of academic attainment to access student finance—although we will keep that option under review.
I am confident that the sector will respond with the ambition and focused collaboration required to deliver this package of reforms.
I extend my wholehearted thanks to those in the sector for their responses to the consultation.
This package of reforms represents the next step in tackling low-quality higher education, but it will not be the last step.
The Government will not shy away from  further action if required, and will consider all levers available to us if these quality reforms do not result in the improvements we seek.
Our higher education system is admired across many countries, and these measures will ensure that it continues to be.
I commend this statement to the House.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
I thank the Secretary of State for advance sight of her statement.
Today’s statement tells us several stories about this Government.
It tells a story about their priorities: why universities, and why now?
It tells a story about their analysis: what they think is wrong and what they think is not.
It tells a story about their competence: why these changes, when their own regulator has used a different approach for so long?
It tells a story about their prejudice, about why they continue to reinforce a binary choice for young people: either academic or vocational, university or apprenticeship.