It is much admired all over the world, but we must ensure that specific courses in all institutions offer the quality that people expect.
When people invest in these degrees they will come out with £40,000 or £50,000 of debt, and it is important first that they know that, and secondly that they know what they are investing in, and what return they will get on that investment.
May I beg the Secretary of State not to throw the baby out with the bath water?
Everybody wants good-quality degrees, and we all want degrees to lead to good, fulfilling occupations, but some of us are worried about the comments that were made in an interview this morning by the Secretary of State’s ministerial colleague that we have four or five of the best universities in the world, as if all the other 120 universities were rubbish.
That is not the case.
We have diverse universities and great courses.
I ask her please not to throw the baby out with the bath water and do great damage to our higher education system.
I agree with the hon.
Gentleman.
We have an excellent university system with excellent universities.
Four out of the top 10 are world-class, but if we broaden that to the top 100, many others would appear in that list.
We have a good university sector, which is why it is most important that we protect the brand image.
It is also very popular abroad, and every year more than 600,000 students choose to come here, which is more than to almost every other country in the world.
Why?
It is because they know they will get quality, and it is very important for the sector that that quality is maintained.
I know the Secretary of State takes a more than purely transactional view of higher education, and I am with the Father of the House in hoping that in her reforms there will be protections for degrees that do not offer an immediate commercial advantage, such as theology, philosophy or the study of poetry.
I also hope that within her reforms there will be protections to allow universities to innovate and introduce new courses.
Our university sector has obviously been at the forefront of  driving forward British intellectualism and thinking, and not allowing universities to experiment with courses that may not immediately fulfil the criteria that she is proposing, or indeed forbidding or deterring them from doing so, would set us back in world terms.
Will she reassure us that innovation will still be encouraged?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for all the work that he did in this area.
Yes, I understand the difficulty of choosing a blunt number or tool.
That is why I have asked the Office for Students to consider how such things could be used and what approaches we need to ensure that we do not throw the baby out with the bath water, or end up with unintended consequences.
On innovation, I am absolutely encouraging all our universities to innovate, working with businesses.
The pace of technological change across the world and what is to come in the future is immense, and I want our universities to work with our further education colleges, training providers, businesses and others, to ensure that we innovate and give everybody the best opportunities for the future.
There is no clearer sign of a Government who are out of ideas and have run out of steam than when they re-announce policies and badge them as new.
The Office for Students already has these powers, and has already capped four specific providers.
Rather than putting down our universities and capping our young people’s aspirations, why does the Secretary of State not invest in them by restoring maintenance grants, and finally signing the dotted line on Horizon membership?
Not all the things I have brought forward today have already been announced.