Members are getting more special educational needs schools in their areas.
We would be very happy to work with him and Essex County Council to ensure the right provision in Essex for all children who have additional needs.
I pay tribute to all the staff and teachers at my local FE college, Basingstoke College of Technology for all the work they do to ensure that young people in my constituency are ready for work.
The reform of BTECs is causing some uncertainty when it comes to staffing for the future in the college.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me and headteacher Anthony Bravo for a meeting to discuss those concerns, so that we can continue to ensure that the young people of Basingstoke are work-ready in large numbers?
Yes, I am always happy to meet my right hon.
Friend and her college.
I have had many meetings on this subject.
We are focused on ensuring that high quality T-levels are introduced across the country in all colleges, so that young people can access them.
We are also looking, side by side, to see what BTEC qualifications will sit alongside A-levels as part of our level 3 offer.
What steps her Department is taking to help increase the number of foster care placements.
We know that we need more foster carers.
That is a really important part of our plan, “Stable Homes, Built on Love”, to reform the care system.
We are investing £27 million in recruitment and retention over the next two years.
We have also increased the national minimum allowance for foster parents by 12.4% as part of those plans.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that foster carers can play a vital role in improving the health and wellbeing of a looked-after child, and that we need to encourage more people to go into foster caring by removing unnecessary bureaucratic barriers so that we can build a network of foster carers across the country to improve the life chances of children in care?
This is a big priority for me.
Some children end up in children’s homes when they should have ended up with foster carers, so we need to recruit more.
As I have said, we are making a significant investment in recruitment and retention so that we can keep some of our brilliant, experienced foster carers as well as attracting more into the system.
What steps her Department is taking to improve standards of reading of primary age children.
The Progress in International Reading Literacy Study was published in May this year.
England had come fourth among 43 countries that tested children of the same age, nine and 10-year-olds.
In 2012 we introduced the phonics screening check, testing six-year-olds for their progress in reading and phonics.[Official Report,  20 July 2023 , Vol.
736, c. 15MC.]
In that year, 58% of pupils reached the expected standard; by 2019, just before the pandemic, the proportion had risen to 82% following a transformation in the teaching of phonics in nearly all primary schools.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in thanking the National Literacy Trust and Bloomsbury Publishing for including a number of schools in Hastings and St Leonards in their pioneering new reading programme, which is specifically aimed at persuading more children to read for pleasure, and will he encourage parents and carers to engage in a programme that is a vital part of their children’s development?
I recently met Jonathan Douglas of the National Literacy Trust, and I thank the trust for its enormous contribution to raising the profile of reading for pleasure in schools.
Its new programme—which, as my hon.
Friend said, it launched in partnership with Bloomsbury—involves working with seven Brighton Academies Trust schools throughout Hastings to encourage more children to read for pleasure.
I call the shadow Minister.