Does that not demonstrate that the Conservative Government are now delivering for working parents?
I know that my hon.
Friend has done a lot of work in this sector.
It was wonderful to visit Busy Bees and the fantastic team who work there.
As well as the £204 million increase for providers, we have announced a £289 million investment to develop our universal wraparound childcare offer.
We are the party of working parents.
Labour has flip-flopped repeatedly on childcare, announcing vague policies in the autumn, which it quickly backtracked on.
Its new plan, which I hear is to be means-tested, would snatch away childcare from thousands of hard-working parents.
We are rolling out the largest investment in childcare in our history; Labour cannot even keep to its word.
I say gently to the Secretary of State that I was very generous at the beginning, but that does not carry on all the way through topicals.
I want you to set a good example in this school classroom.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking to improve the development of children’s early speech and language skills, especially in schools such as the wonderful Chester Blue Coat Primary School where 39 languages are spoken?
I thank the hon.
Lady for that question.
This is really important.
We are trying to make sure that all staff in early years settings are better equipped.
We will be setting out a practice guide specifically on early years speech and language, as well as working with the NHS on better diagnostics.
Labour-run Kirklees Council has been sitting on millions of pounds of unspent section 106 infrastructure payments, much of which has been allocated for local schools.
In the meantime, I have a local school that has a leaky roof.
It is impairing the teachers’ ability to teach the children.
May I please ask the Minister what is happening with the latest round of condition improvement funding to help with school repairs?
I welcome my hon.
Friend’s question.
We have spent £15 billion since 2015 on repairs and maintenance of our school estate.
We intend to announce any successful appeals from the latest condition improvement fund round this month, as CIF typically opens for applications each autumn.
Eligible schools with an urgent condition need that cannot wait until the next round may of course apply for the urgent capital support.
The mental wellbeing of young people and children is really important.
Last week, I met staff from Ebor Academy Trust and our mental health trust to talk about how better provision can be put in place.
Labour has committed to ensuring that we have mental health professionals in our schools, but in this school it was the teaching assistants providing most of the care.
How are we ensuring that teaching assistants are properly rewarded?
Rates for teaching assistants are set by the local authority.
Teaching assistants are highly regarded by all of us.
As the hon.
Lady says, they provide important pastoral care alongside the mental health support that we are rolling out via the mental health support teams.
Higher education already publishes outcomes data, so students choosing courses can compare what their chances of employment and earning power will be for each course at each college or university and make fully informed decisions.
Does the Minister accept that publishing outcomes for further education alongside higher education not only shows students the best courses and colleges, but puts FE and HE on an equal footing for the first time and pushes those offering low-value FE and HE qualifications to either shape up or close down?
I know that my hon.
Friend is a champion of his brilliant Weston College, which is an example of the greatness of our FE colleges.
He will be pleased to know that the DFE publishes outcomes data on further education, which shows statistics on the employment, earnings and learning outcomes of further education learners.