That is why we are also reducing to £5,760 the fees for classroom-based foundation year courses such as business studies and social sciences, in line with the highest standard funding rate for access to HE diplomas.
Recently we have seen an explosion in the growth of many such courses, but limited evidence that they are in the best interests of students.
We are not reducing the fee limits for high-cost, strategically important subjects such as veterinary sciences and medicine, but we want to ensure that foundation years are not used to add to the bottom line of institutions at the expense of those who study them.
We will continue to monitor closely the growth of foundation year provision, and we will not hesitate to introduce further restrictions or reductions.
I want providers to consider whether those courses add value for students, and to phase out that provision in favour of a broad range of tertiary options with the advent of the LLE.
Our aim is that everyone who wants to benefit from higher education has the opportunity to do so.
That is why we will not proceed at this time with a minimum requirement of academic attainment to access student finance—although we will keep that option under review.
I am confident that the sector will respond with the ambition and focused collaboration required to deliver this package of reforms.
I extend my wholehearted thanks to those in the sector for their responses to the consultation.
This package of reforms represents the next step in tackling low-quality higher education, but it will not be the last step.
The Government will not shy away from  further action if required, and will consider all levers available to us if these quality reforms do not result in the improvements we seek.
Our higher education system is admired across many countries, and these measures will ensure that it continues to be.
I commend this statement to the House.
Yes.
The University of Buckingham has taken an excellent leadership position and its two-year degree is very much welcomed by many people.
We will introduce the lifelong learning entitlement, which will revolutionise how and when people go to university, what type of courses they take, for what period of time, and how they make those decisions over their entire career and lifetime.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps her Department is taking to fund skills and apprenticeships.
What steps her Department is taking to fund skills and apprenticeships.
What steps her Department is taking to fund skills and apprenticeships.
As I am sure everybody knows, I will never get tired of flying the flag for apprenticeships and skills.
This Government are investing record levels of funding, with an additional £3.8 billion in skills over this Parliament.
That includes an extra £1.6 billion for 16-to-19 education, and increasing investment in apprenticeships to £2.7 billion by 2024-25.
That supports our commitment to create a world-leading skills system that is employer-focused, high quality, and fit for the future.
This Government’s schools, colleges and businesses around the country are working hard to show young people that going to university is not the only route to success, and there are now so many study options, which the RHA, the Federation of Small Businesses, and lots of Stroud businesses are talking to me about all the time.
What is my right hon.
Friend doing to reform the existing apprenticeship levy to work better for small businesses and students?
I thank my hon.
Friend, and I am proud of all the work we have done on apprenticeships.
We removed the limit on the number of apprentices that small businesses can take on, and we continue to pay 100% of training costs for the smallest employers, and allow levy payers to transfer 25% of their funds to support small and medium-sized enterprises.
We spent 99.6% of the apprenticeship budget in 2021-22, which has helped to support 8,940 apprenticeship starts in my hon.