I call the Father of the House.
I thank the Secretary of State.
Those of us with long memories know that we either ration places by number or we give people choice.
If she is giving people the choice of being able to discriminate between the courses and universities on offer, I congratulate her, as I do especially on the lifetime learning and the degree apprenticeship expansion, which has already happened, with more to come.
However, can I also speak up for those who either got fourth-class degrees or failed to take a degree at all, including two of the three Governors of the Bank of England who went to King’s and who came out without a degree?
Rabi Tagore left university, and many other poets, painters, teachers or ministers of religion—whether rabbis, imams or ministers in the Christian Church—do not show up highly on the earnings scale, but they might show up highly in their contributions to society.
Can my right hon.
Friend please make sure that she does not let an algorithm rate colleges, courses or universities?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his remarks, and I very much agree that this is about choice—the lifelong loan entitlement, degree apprenticeships and all of the other choices—and about people understanding that there are many different routes to success in life.
We have asked the Office for Students to look at earnings, because I realise that is difficult and that some jobs will not earn people more.
However, for his information, five years after graduating from some courses, people are earning less than £18,000.
That is less than the minimum wage, and it is not acceptable.
May I ask the Secretary of State, because she has not actually spelled this out, what is a low-value degree?
In relation to low-value degrees, an example of the quality provisions we have introduced for the Office for Students is B3, which is about: whether students continue in their degree, because clearly if they drop out, it is not of much value; whether they complete their degree, because clearly if they do not complete it, it is of zero value; and whether they get a job or progress into higher education afterwards.
Those are the three quality measures we look at.
Right now, the Office for Students is looking at 18 providers and two specific areas—business and management, and computer science—because there is a massive range in what people  can expect to earn from jobs having followed one course or others, all of which seem to have the same name.
There are quality issues, and we want to make sure that they are thoroughly investigated.
The Office for Students is doing that.
I call the Chair of the Education Committee.
I welcome the focus on both choice and policy that my right hon.
Friend has focused on in her statement.
The Education Committee will want to look at the detail of the proposals, and at the kind of courses that are affected.
It is crucial that in launching this approach, she recognises that all our universities are selling a premium product.
All our universities are high-quality institutions, and it would be wrong to discriminate against different universities in the system when, after all, they are all funded on the same fundamental basis.
I agree with my hon.
Friend and I am proud of our university sector.
It is much admired all over the world, but we must ensure that specific courses in all institutions offer the quality that people expect.
When people invest in these degrees they will come out with £40,000 or £50,000 of debt, and it is important first that they know that, and secondly that they know what they are investing in, and what return they will get on that investment.
May I beg the Secretary of State not to throw the baby out with the bath water?