The funding that we are setting out will provide parents with support worth, on average, £6,500 a year from maternity leave right up to primary school.
We are doing additional work to support things such as wraparound care.
I call the shadow Minister.
Across the early years sector, nurseries and childminders are raising concerns that the Government have no coherent plan for the expansion of the early years workforce to meet the requirements of an expanded offer.
The only ideas on the table so far are the relaxation of ratios and a reduction in the proportion of level 2 qualified staff—plans that the Sutton Trust has found could lead to worse outcomes for children.
Why are this Government so uninterested in the quality of childcare and the outcomes that high-quality early years education delivers for children?
The Government care about education standards.
That is seen across every single result across the board, whether reading or maths results.
It is this Government who care about education standards.
Over 90% of our early years providers are rated good or outstanding.
We will do everything we can to keep them that way.
What recent steps her Department has taken to tackle bullying in schools.
All children should have access to a calm, safe and supportive school environment.
In addition to school behaviours policies that must include measures to prevent bullying, we have provided more than £3 million in funding between August 2021 and March 2024 to five anti-bullying organisations supporting schools in tackling bullying.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend for all her work tackling bullying.
So many constituents write to me about the problems their children are experiencing.
How are the behaviour hubs making a difference in schools and tackling the bullying that is so prevalent, particularly as a result of online harms and social media, which are all too frequent?
We are confident that the behaviour hubs programme is helping schools to create calm, understanding and positive environments by spreading best practice.
The behaviour hubs programme is being evaluated and impact assessed.
We will publish an interim report in 2024.
I would be delighted to discuss those findings with my right hon.
Friend.
Last week I introduced by ten-minute rule Bill on bullying and respect at work.
It is not just children who experience bullying in the school environment but teachers and other staff.
Will the Minister look at my Bill, which will establish a legal definition of bullying at work and a route to employment tribunal to protect the people who are looking after our children in our schools?
I have not seen the hon.
Lady’s Bill, but I would be happy to take a look and have a discussion with her.
What steps she is taking to support the recruitment and retention of teachers in the further education sector.
What recent estimate she has made of the number of teachers leaving the teaching profession.
Our teachers do an incredible job and inspire children every day.
Last week, we accepted the independent pay review body’s recommendations in full, giving schoolteachers their largest pay award for 30 years of at least 6.5%.
I also announced funding for the further education sector to address key priorities, including teacher recruitment and retention.
To help us get more of the top talent into teaching, we are delivering on our 2019 manifesto commitment to raise the starting salary for teachers to a minimum of £30,000.
That is a competitive salary that will help us to continue to build on the record numbers of teachers in our schools in England.
The further education sector is facing a teaching crisis, not fully addressed by the pay review body.
In my constituency, East Durham College has had two teacher vacancies in engineering and a computer science position unfilled for 18 months.
Barriers to recruitment include high workload, qualification reform, excessive assessment and a huge pay disparity compared with comparable work in industry.