Friend, and I am proud of all the work we have done on apprenticeships.
We removed the limit on the number of apprentices that small businesses can take on, and we continue to pay 100% of training costs for the smallest employers, and allow levy payers to transfer 25% of their funds to support small and medium-sized enterprises.
We spent 99.6% of the apprenticeship budget in 2021-22, which has helped to support 8,940 apprenticeship starts in my hon.
Friend’s constituency since 2010.
To continue that progress and ensure that everyone knows what  apprenticeship opportunities are available, we are working with UCAS so that for the first time ever, young people will be able to use UCAS to search and apply for apprenticeships alongside degrees, making it easier for young people to find the right opportunity for them.
I thank the Secretary of State for visiting BAE Systems recently in Lancashire.
Accrington and Rossendale College in my Hyndburn and Haslingden constituency has been successfully rolling out the T-level programme, but to ensure that young people in my constituency have the skills they need in areas such as technology and engineering, further capital investment is needed to ensure that it can continue to provide state-of-the-art facilities.
Will my right hon.
Friend confirm whether there will be further waves of the T-level capital fund?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question and for joining me on that visit, which I think was eye-opening for both of us.
The Nelson & Colne College group, which includes Accrington and Rossendale College in my hon.
Friend’s constituency, has benefited from capital investment of more than £6 million since 2010, including funding to improve the condition of its estate and support the delivery of T-levels and technical education.
Most recently, it benefited from further investment as one of our 108 T-level capital projects, working towards delivering engineering and manufacturing T-levels.
We will continue to support the roll-out of T-levels.
The Secretary of State will know that levelling up is about not geography but opportunity, and what better opportunity can we give our young people than a first-class education?
Southampton has put in a bid for a university technical college.
Will my right hon.
Friend confirm that she has seen our bid and will look favourably on it, and will she update the House on when we are likely to hear whether we have been successful?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his continuous campaigning on this subject.
I do not know how many meetings we have had, but I see his passion to get a UTC in Southampton.
I recently met Becky Smith, one of the fantastic former students of UTC Portsmouth, who is now a degree apprentice studying mechanical engineering at the University of Chichester in my constituency.
She was full of praise for her time at UTC Portsmouth.
We are currently considering the applications we have received.
I have seen them all, and I have been through them in great detail in the latest free school wave, including Portsmouth’s bid for a new UTC in Southampton.
We hope to announce the successful applications very soon.
Hospitality and tourism is an industry worth £3.5 billion a year to Cumbria, and it is our biggest employer.
Apprenticeships are an important way into a career within that sector.
The problem is that T-levels are a useful stepping stone into apprenticeships, yet the Government have again kicked into the long grass the T-level on catering, having already taken out the hospitality element of that.
Will the Secretary of State meet me and representatives from Cumbria Tourism, so we can talk about how she can change that policy, and so that more young people can enter that important profession?
I am happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman.