There is nothing that would make me give such drastic advice.
The truth about the apprenticeship levy is that 99.6% of it will be spent this year.
We can look in the rear view mirror, and there are some reports  going back over time that show some underspend in the levy, but they are back over time.
We are now spending 99.6% of the levy.
Perhaps what the hon.
Gentleman has not appreciated is that some of the funding goes to the devolved Governments.
If we examine the apprenticeship system in Wales and Scotland, it is not a patch on what we have introduced in England.
The Progress in International Reading Literacy Study was published in May this year.
England had come fourth among 43 countries that tested children of the same age, nine and 10-year-olds.
In 2012 we introduced the phonics screening check, testing six-year-olds for their progress in reading and phonics.
In that year, 58% of pupils reached the expected standard; by 2019, just before the pandemic, the proportion had risen to 82% following a transformation in the teaching of phonics in nearly all primary schools.
Of course the Secretary of State will agree, as she has just said to me.
We are spending record amounts of funding on schools.
The Secretary of State achieved an extra £2 billion in the autumn statement last year and we are now spending £59.6 billion on school funding.
We have recruited 2,800 more teachers this year than last year and we have a record number of teachers in the profession, at 468,000, but of course I am happy to talk to the hon.
Lady and the teachers in her constituency to discuss their particular concerns.
With permission, Mr Speaker, I would like to announce the publication of the Government’s higher education reform consultation response.
This country is one of the best in the world for studying in higher education, boasting four of the world’s top 10 universities.
For most, higher education is a sound investment, with graduates expected to earn on average £100,000 more over their lifetime than those who do not go to university.
However, there are still pockets of higher education provision where the promise that university education will be worthwhile does not hold true and where an unacceptable number of students do not finish their studies or find a good job after graduating.
That cannot continue.
It is not fair to taxpayers who subsidise that education, but most of all it is not fair to those students who are being sold a promise of a better tomorrow, only to be disappointed and end up paying far into the future for a degree that did not offer them good value.
We want to make sure that students are charged a fair price for their studies and that a university education offers a good return.
Our reforms are aimed at achieving that objective.
That is why the Government launched the consultation in 2022, to seek views on policies based on recommendations made by Sir Philip Augar and his independent panel.
The consultation ended in May 2022, and the Department for Education has been considering the responses received.
I am now able to set out the programme of reforms that we are taking forward.
I believe that the traditional degree continues to hold great value, but it is not the only higher education pathway.
Over the past 13 years, we have made substantial reforms to ensure that the traditional route is not the only pathway to a good career.
Higher technical qualifications massively enhance students’ skills and career prospects, and deserve parity of esteem with undergraduate degrees.
We have seen a growth in degree-level apprenticeships, with over 188,000 students enrolling since their introduction in 2014.
I have asked the Office for Students to establish a £40 million competitive degree apprenticeships fund to drive forward capacity-building projects to broaden access to degree apprenticeships over the next two years.