The transfer of the Isle of Sheppey academy to a new multi-academy trust is a priority for the Department.
A strong preferred sponsor has been found, and a proposal is being developed by them.
Once those plans are completed, they will be put to parents before a final decision is taken by the trust and the Department on the academy transfer.
What recent discussions she has had with the Secretary of State for the Home Department on the potential impact of changes to the eligibility criteria for student visas on the competitiveness of the higher education sector.
As part of our commitment to have at least 600,000 students study in the UK every year, we have worked closely with the Home Office to strike the right balance between acting decisively on migration, being fair to the taxpayer and protecting our  position as a world leader in higher education.
We fully expect Britain to remain an attractive destination for students across the world.
I thank the Minister for his answer.
My constituency of Edinburgh South West is home to two leading universities: Heriot-Watt and Edinburgh Napier.
Research by Universities UK shows that the constituency’s net economic benefit from international students is £170.8 million.
The Government plan to massage the net migration figures by making the UK less attractive to international students.
That is going to harm the economy in my constituency, Scotland’s economy and our educational institutions.
Can the Minister tell me: is that an example of the Union delivering for Scotland?
I am not quite sure what problem the hon.
and learned Lady is trying to solve.
I mentioned to her that our target was 600,000 international students; we have surpassed that—679,000 international students are coming to our country, which is something we are proud of.
But as I said, we have to be fair to not only international students and universities but the taxpayer, who bears the cost of the infrastructure.
But I agree with the hon.
and learned Lady that international students have a huge impact on the economy, of up to £37 billion-plus.
Time after time, we find that every Government Department is short of young graduates with digital skills.
Will my right hon.
Friend think about making an application to the Home Office to encourage more visas to be granted to students who want to take digital degrees in this country?
My hon.
Friend is learned in these matters, but they are for the Home Office.
We are developing our digital skills at home with amazing digital apprenticeships.
Half of our 670 apprenticeship standards are in STEM subjects, and there are T-levels and higher technical qualifications in digital.
We are spending on the digital skills that our local people need.
We have to give them the skills they need as well.
What steps she is taking to increase partnerships between further education colleges and higher education institutions to help increase learning opportunities.
We are transforming tertiary education by building state of the art prestigious institute of technology colleges, backed by £300 million and led by further education and higher education businesses.
We have also introduced the lifelong loan entitlement—it is in the House of Lords at the moment.
That will allow higher and further education to collaborate, offering short courses and the transfer of courses between FE and HE institutions.
Last week, I met representatives of the National Farmers Union at the Great Yorkshire Show.
We discussed the great need for new skills and a skilled workforce in areas such as agro-ecology.
What work is his Department doing to link specialist agricultural colleges with the non-specialist FE and HE sector?
The hon.
Gentleman makes an important point.
We have good land colleges and we are doing everything we can to support them.
There are two institute of technology colleges in Yorkshire, although not in his area.