I hope that teachers will join them, so that we can bring an end to strike action and get our teachers doing what they do best: teaching the next generation.
UK students who have been offered opportunities to study abroad are waiting for funding decisions under the Turing scheme.
Clearly, for students from less well-off families this is tough, as visas and accommodation have to be paid in advance.
Will the Secretary of State, out of the kindness of her heart and to a man from the highlands, give a commitment to bring forward these decisions next year, to make the Turing scheme more accessible to all students, regardless of their background?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question.
The Turing scheme is a great success.
Disadvantaged students will take up two thirds of the international study and work opportunities from September, with students going to 160 different countries.
It is a remarkable scheme, given that it has been introduced so quickly.
It is a new demand-led scheme, but I will work with the sector to make improvements to it and make sure that people are funded in time.
I attended a meeting of the all-party parliamentary group on fisheries, which I normally chair, where a keenness was expressed to encourage young people to have an interest in a career in fishing at the education stage.
I have heard similar pleas from farmers.
What more can the Department do to make that a reality?
My hon.
Friend is a true fisherman’s friend, although a lot sweeter tasting than the lozenges, I might add.
She will be pleased to know that high-quality apprenticeship standards in agriculture and a level 2 fisher apprenticeship are available.
We are promoting apprenticeships, including in agriculture, in our schools, and through the apprenticeship support and knowledge programme, and the Careers & Enterprise Company.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Ministers have known since last year that strike action by teachers was likely, yet after months of refusing to talk, it was only last week that the Secretary of State finally settled the dispute.
Will she take this opportunity to apologise to parents for the completely needless and avoidable disruption to their children’s education for which she is responsible?
Since I came into this job at the end of October, the unions asked for an extra £2 billion and I delivered it; families asked for childcare and I delivered it; the School Teachers Review Body asked for 6.5% for teachers and I delivered it; and that had to be funded, and I have delivered it.
I have worked to deliver every day in this job, whereas the hon.
Lady cannot even decide whether she will accept 6.5% or not.
Last week, the Institute for Fiscal Studies said that ending private schools’ tax breaks will raise up to £1.5 billion in additional revenue, confirming that Labour’s plans are fiscally credible.
We would use that money to invest in 6,500 new expert teachers and better mental health support for all our young people.
Will the Secretary of State distance herself from the discredited claim of the private schools’ lobby, do the right thing and adopt Labour’s plan to drive up standards in our schools?
Labour has never driven up a standard in our schools.
Most of our private schools are nothing like Eton or Harrow; they are far smaller and they charge a lot less.
Many cost the same as a family holiday abroad, and there are plenty of parents who choose to forgo life’s luxuries to give their children those opportunities.
The IFS also said:
“The effect might be larger over the medium to long run… There is still lots of uncertainty around these estimates.”
Labour’s tax hikes are nothing more than the politics of envy.
As Margaret Thatcher once said:
“The spirit of envy can destroy; it can never build.”