Its new programme—which, as my hon.
Friend said, it launched in partnership with Bloomsbury—involves working with seven Brighton Academies Trust schools throughout Hastings to encourage more children to read for pleasure.
I call the shadow Minister.
In its White Paper for schools, published last year, the Government’s headline ambition was for 90% of pupils leaving primary school to meet the expected standards in reading, writing and maths.
Why does the Minister think that, since that pledge, tens of thousands more children have been leaving primary school without meeting those standards?
As the hon.
Gentleman will know, owing to the pandemic we did see a fall in writing and maths standards.
Reading standards rose, and then fell by two points this year.
However, reading standards today are broadly similar to those before the pandemic, and since 2010 both reading and maths have improved enormously in primary schools throughout the country.
I am confident that we will meet the 90% target by 2030.
I call the Scottish National party spokesperson.
We cannot talk about attainment at any level without also taking into account child poverty.
The link between undernourishment and lower reading standards and, therefore, attainment across the board is irrefutable.
When children are hungry, they cannot focus on learning.
The Scottish Government are currently rolling out free school meals for all primary school children.
When will the Minister take decisive steps to combat child poverty and emulate the actions of the Scottish Government?
Under this Government, the number of children receiving free school meals has increased hugely.
About a third of children are now eligible for either benefits-related free school meals or the universal infant free school meals introduced by our 2010 Government.
However, the hon.
Lady should be careful when talking about reading and education standards, because standards in this country have risen significantly, and I am not sure that the same can be said for Scotland.
Whether her Department is taking steps to ensure that secondary age children in Sittingbourne and Sheppey constituency are able to attend a local school.
My hon.
Friend and I have discussed education provision on the Isle of Sheppey many times over the years.
Given the inadequate Ofsted grading for Oasis Academy Isle of Sheppey, the school is now being removed from the Oasis Community Learning trust to a strong multi-academy trust.
I welcome that response from my very right hon.
Friend.
Currently, 1,000 children a day are bussed from the Isle of Sheppey to Sittingbourne schools because parents do not want to send their children to the Isle of Sheppey academy, which means that all Sittingbourne secondary schools are over-subscribed and many children in the town cannot get into their local schools.
As my right hon.
Friend said, the Department is in the process of transferring the academy to a new multi-academy trust, but with the end of the summer term fast approaching, island parents have no idea whether that transfer will happen, or, if it does, what form it will take.
As my right hon.
Friend knows, I have been working with the Department on secondary education problems on the Isle of Sheppey for many years, and I know that officials are doing their best, but what can he do to speed up the process and end the current uncertainties?
I pay tribute to my very hon.
Friend for his passion for improving standards in schools in his constituency.
The transfer of the Isle of Sheppey academy to a new multi-academy trust is a priority for the Department.
A strong preferred sponsor has been found, and a proposal is being developed by them.
Once those plans are completed, they will be put to parents before a final decision is taken by the trust and the Department on the academy transfer.