Will the Secretary of State meet me and representatives from Cumbria Tourism, so we can talk about how she can change that policy, and so that more young people can enter that important profession?
I am happy to meet the hon.
Gentleman.
As he will know, I always have a laser-like focus on quality, and if the quality is not good enough then I will not release the apprenticeship, the apprenticeship standard or the T-level.
Too often we have had low-quality qualifications in this country, and it is important that we work with a vast array of businesses to ensure that we get the quality system that they demand and that will be good for all our young people.
May I beg the Minister to pay attention to the fact that good apprenticeships and good training in any town and city must come from a blend of good universities—I think most of our universities are good—with local further education colleges?
Will she take a leaf out of Tony Blair’s book, when he said in a recent important speech that what we need is more high-class universities and more polytechnics made up from the new former FE colleges?
As usual, we are ahead of the Opposition.
We have already invested in 21 institutes of technology, which are where a group of colleges and universities work with employers in the area.
They are a great addition to the landscape, along with all the other technical qualifications and skills training that we have introduced since 2010.
I welcome the funding made available to the space systems engineering degree apprenticeship and the opportunities that will provide young people in the UK’s growing space industry.
What plans do Ministers have to fund similar apprenticeships in other emerging sectors?
It was a great pleasure to go to the space park in Leicester to launch the space systems engineering level 6 degree apprenticeship, on top of the level 4 space engineering apprenticeship, which I launched previously.
There are many different routes into the space industry, which is important and something that we are good at in the UK.
Any employers or employer groups wishing to develop an apprenticeship standard could work with the Institute for Apprenticeships and Technical Education.
We have worked with more than 5,000 employers in the past few years, and we have built more than 670 apprenticeship standards, none of which existed before we started the programme in 2012.
I call the shadow Minister.
New research from the House of Commons Library has shown that the amount of the apprenticeship levy paid by employers that has been allocated to the apprenticeship budget has fallen from 89% in 2017 to just 77% in the most recent year.
The truthful answer to the question from  the hon.
Member for Stroud (Siobhan Baillie)  is that the Secretary of State is doing nothing to reform the apprenticeship levy, as she believes it is working perfectly.
Can the Minister confirm that any employer that, like the hon.
Member for Stroud, wants greater flexibility in the levy should vote Labour in the next general election?
There is nothing that would make me give such drastic advice.
The truth about the apprenticeship levy is that 99.6% of it will be spent this year.
We can look in the rear view mirror, and there are some reports  going back over time that show some underspend in the levy, but they are back over time.
We are now spending 99.6% of the levy.
Perhaps what the hon.
Gentleman has not appreciated is that some of the funding goes to the devolved Governments.[Official Report,  20 July 2023 , Vol.
736, c. 15MC.]
If we examine the apprenticeship system in Wales and Scotland, it is not a patch on what we have introduced in England.
What steps she is taking to support severely absent pupils with their attendance.
What steps she is taking to tackle persistent absence in secondary schools.