For example, it will obviate the need for those little plastic bags we all love putting   our liquids into.
Airports are worried about potential delays if the passenger scanners are introduced in one go for every passenger, as people will need to get used to the new technology.
May I urge the Minister to discuss with the airport operators the phased introduction of the new scanners, to remove the possibility of delays?
I thank the Chair of the Select Committee for his question, which he asked when I gave evidence to the Committee yesterday.
I said he would have to wait until today for my answer.
This new technology will bring huge benefits for passengers, as my hon.
Friend said—I think we will all be delighted to see the end of putting our little bottles into those little plastic bags—and it will improve safety.
The screening of passengers with these security scanners is already being phased in.
The Government have long been clear with airports about the requirement for next-generation security checkpoints, and the deadline for implementation has already been delayed several times, partly because of covid and other factors.
Airports were consulted on the June 2024 deadline, and many have successfully trialled the scanners.
They are already phasing them in, and June 2024 is the end deadline.
My message to the airports is that they should start implementing them now; they should not wait for the deadline.
I will discuss it with the Airport Operators Association in our meeting immediately after questions.
What steps his Department plans to take following COP28 to support transport decarbonisation.
Our transport decarbonisation plan is probably the most advanced of any country in the world, and we continue to implement it.
Just yesterday, King Charles approved the zero-emission vehicle mandate, which requires 80% of new vehicles to have zero emissions by 2030.
Petrol and diesel cars, vans and trucks weighing up to 26 tonnes will be banned by 2035.
We have introduced the sustainable aviation fuel mandate, under which 10% of aviation fuel should be sustainable by 2030.
Similarly, we are pushing ahead in all the different sectors.
I welcome the Minister to his place.
This financial year, active travel spending is £1.91 per head in England and £30.10 per head in Scotland—a 1,400% difference between Scottish and UK Government priorities.
Decarbonisation needs transformational investment in active travel, which particularly supports accessibility, and it simply is not happening for folk in England.
Will he undertake to begin the long process of finally getting England on the road to matching Scotland’s ambition?
I thank the hon.
Member for that question.
We are actually spending more money on active travel than any other Government in history.
As she says, active travel is an important part of decarbonisation and the route to net zero.
Her figures do not take into account the regional spending within  England, which should be added to the total.
I would be happy to write to her with the actual figures for spending in the UK.
I call the shadow Minister.
The Secretary of State told the Transport Committee that electric cars are cheaper to run than their petrol and diesel counterparts.
He also knows that sales of new electric cars fell by 17% last month.
The Minister has just mentioned the ZEV mandate, and I remind him that it was passed only because Labour MPs voted for it.
He also knows that it addresses manufacturers, not consumers—supply, not demand.
How do the Government plan to reassure drivers that buying electric means cheaper motoring?
How will he undo the damage that the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders says was done to consumer confidence by his Prime Minister’s comments on the end of the sale of new petrol and diesel cars?
My key focus in my decarbonisation of transport role is to ensure a smooth and successful roll-out of electric vehicles.
The hon.