Friend  the Member for Bridgwater and West Somerset (Mr Liddell-Grainger)  for securing it.
I also thank the shadow Foreign Secretary,  the right hon.
Member for Tottenham (Mr Lammy) , for his response.
I do not often find myself in agreement with him, but, on this, I could not fault him on a single word.
Both have raised the key strategic role that Brazil plays in the region.
We are about to sign a defence partnership agreement with Brazil—in the not too distant future—so it plays a key strategic role.
What further can the Minister do, particularly when he visits Guyana, to have enhanced conversations with Brazil to see what role it can play in making sure that we keep peace in the region?
That is a very good question from my hon.
Friend.
He knows more about Brazil than most people in the House, and I respect him for that knowledge and for the points he has made.
Of course, we are working closely with Brazil.
It has expressed its concern and warned against unilateral action.
It has said that  there is no way that Venezuela’s military forces would be able to access Guyana through Brazil, and we will continue to work with it very closely.
As he says, we have a strong relationship not just defence-wise, but as we look to its G20 presidency and its hosting of COP30.
What we are seeing is a shameful and cynical move by Venezuela’s President Maduro to threaten and bully a smaller neighbour.
We in the UK must make it clear that we cannot allow such threatening behaviour to continue, so what steps is the Minister taking, along with international allies, to affirm the UK’s unwavering support for Guyana’s sovereignty?
As I said in my statement, we have worked with the Commonwealth ministerial group to call out this action in joint harmony with our other relevant Commonwealth partners.
We continue to work with other international bodies to call it out, and obviously, we will be in a position to form a view—along with others in this House—later today, after the meeting that is taking place in St Vincent and the Grenadines.
I thank the Minister for confirming that the UK Government are standing with Guyana against Venezuelan aggression, sham referendums and the threat of annexation.
Can the Minister confirm whether he has had discussions with the Commonwealth secretary-general about this situation to establish how the whole of the Commonwealth family can support Guyana at this worrying time?
That is an excellent question.
I can confirm to the House that I have had conversations with Baroness Scotland.
As secretary-general, she has taken a very strong lead: she has issued two statements and called the emergency session of the council of Ministers, which as I said, my right hon.
Friend the Minister for Development and Africa attended.
We will continue to work with the Commonwealth, which is a vitally important organisation in this context.
Does the Minister agree that whenever a country’s borders are threatened, they must be secured, or it risks undermining that country’s sovereignty, social cohesion and national identity?
I could not agree more—that is absolutely vital, particularly in this case.
Latin America has been a region of peace for many, many years, and it needs to stay that way.
It is great to see the House speak with one voice in support of our Commonwealth friend and partner, Guyana.
The Minister is right: these borders were settled in 1899.
They are the borders that were transferred to the independent Guyana in 1966, and they are the borders that are internationally recognised.
As the Minister also knows, President Maduro has said that he will immediately issue licences for gas, oil and mineral exploitation, in direct contravention—as we heard from  the hon.
Member for Argyll and Bute (Brendan O’Hara) —of the ICJ ruling.