How will he undo the damage that the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders says was done to consumer confidence by his Prime Minister’s comments on the end of the sale of new petrol and diesel cars?
My key focus in my decarbonisation of transport role is to ensure a smooth and successful roll-out of electric vehicles.
The hon.
Member quoted one month’s figures, but overall sales of electric vehicles are up 41% this year compared with last year.
Indeed, a greater share of electric vehicles is being sold in the UK than in any of the five major countries in the EU—more than in Germany, France, Italy, Spain and Poland.
It really is a record to be proud of.
He is right that this is about supply and demand.
We have stipulated in the ZEV mandate that 80% of sales should be zero/electric by 2030, but we also need to ensure that there are enough charge points for them.
We have spent nearly £2 billion supporting electric vehicles, and we have a whole range of different schemes to deliver that.
What assessment he has made of the impact of trends in the level of motoring costs on drivers.
Nationally, we have substantially reduced fuel duty.
Locally, I hope that the hon.
Member will welcome the £33 million investment with his local council into the A34, which will help his local residents.
Labour has revealed that the Government’s delay to the phase-out date for the sale of petrol and diesel cars to 2035 is set to cost drivers £13 billion in higher fuel costs.
On top of that, petrol prices have already soared and car insurance costs have gone up by an eye-watering 50% in just a year.
Where is the Government’s plan to tackle the rip-off prices facing drivers?
I suggest that the hon.
Member reads at speed the plan for drivers, and goes back into history and remembers Gordon Brown’s fuel duty escalator.
Perhaps his constituents do not remember the 6% increase that was introduced by the Labour Government, but my constituents definitely do.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
As I said earlier, these are the last Transport oral questions before Christmas, and we are backing drivers with an easier Christmas getaway.
From next Tuesday, National Highways is lifting over 1,000 miles of roadworks, which means that over 98% of motorways and major A roads will be roadwork-free until  2 January .
We are also getting on with the job of resurfacing Britain’s roads, thanks to the record £8.3 billion uplift in funding.
Earlier this month, highway authorities received the first tranche of that investment, which will mean smoother, safer journeys and save drivers hundreds of pounds in costly vehicle repairs.
Local authorities also have new reporting requirements, so taxpayers will know how that money is being spent.
The Prime Minister made the right long-term decision to redirect money from HS2 towards the local journeys that matter most, ensuring that more people in more places will see benefits more quickly.
That is what the British people want, it is what the country needs, and it is what we are delivering.
Will my right hon.
Friend say when the strategic objectives behind Network North will be announced and published?
Can he confirm that any projects announced so far are consistent with those objectives, and whether any of the HS2 funding will come to London and the south-east?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for that question.
As I set out, the objective of the decision is to ensure that that £36 billion of transport spending, which we are reinvesting in transport projects, will benefit more people, in more places across the country, more quickly.
We are investing £6.5 billion pounds of savings from HS2 outside the north and midlands, which will benefit his constituents as well.
That includes additional funding for London—
Order.
Come on boys, you’re going to have to help me.