Gentleman.
He wrote to my hon.
Friend the Rail Minister on  17 November , asking a series of, I am afraid, quite ill-informed questions.
I sent him a comprehensive reply on  24 November , which I note he has not chosen to publicise.
He tries to pretend that our decision on HS2 has something to do with this.
I made it quite clear that Alstom’s contract with Hitachi—their joint venture to design, build and maintain HS2 trains—is for phase 1 only.
Phase 1 of HS2 is continuing.
That position was reiterated by Alstom group’s chief executive in his commentary on its recent results.
I have met both Alstom and Hitachi regularly since the decision on Network North.
I am afraid that Alstom’s problems predate our decision on HS2, and the hon.
Gentleman’s attempt to play party politics on this incredibly serious matter, on which the Government are working very hard on a cross-party basis with the companies and the trade unions, is beneath him.
What discussions he has had with Cabinet colleagues on the potential impact of Government proposals to reduce net migration on the transport sector workforce.
I regularly engage with Cabinet colleagues on Government policy, including migration, and my Department works closely with organisations across the transport industry to understand the sector’s concerns about the transport labour market.
The driver shortage in the UK is far from over and, according to sector insiders, a “tipping point” is looming.
Figures from the Office for National Statistics show that there were 6,000 fewer delivery and courier drivers in the UK in 2023 than in the previous year, and more than half the UK’s HGV drivers are due to retire in the next decade.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking to ensure that this ticking time bomb does not blow up in our face as happened during the period following Brexit?
Surely migration is part of the solution.
It is disappointing that the SNP’s first response to any tightness in the labour market is to want to import people from abroad.
My colleague the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions, along with the fantastic officials in that Department and our jobcentre network, is ensuring that we provide skills training for those who are already in the United Kingdom so that we can deal with the skills shortages, as we did so effectively in the case of HGV drivers when, during and following the pandemic, we worked rapidly to get more of them into the industry.
What recent discussions he has had with airport operators on the introduction of new security scanners by June 2024.
The Secretary of State has visited many airports to discuss the upgrading of airport security, and has seen the new security equipment in operation.
I know that my predecessor engaged regularly with airport representatives to seek reassurances on timescales for the next generation security checkpoint.
Most recently, I met Heathrow’s chief executive for discussions.
I can reassure the House that I will continue this good work, and will shortly meet representatives of the aviation sector to discuss the matter further.
There are many visits already in the diary; indeed, I will be meeting the Airport Operators Association straight after this session.
My Department—
Order.
I think we have got the gist.
I am grateful to the Minister for his answer, and I welcome him to his new role.
This new technology will greatly improve passenger experience at airport security.
For example, it will obviate the need for those little plastic bags we all love putting   our liquids into.
Airports are worried about potential delays if the passenger scanners are introduced in one go for every passenger, as people will need to get used to the new technology.
May I urge the Minister to discuss with the airport operators the phased introduction of the new scanners, to remove the possibility of delays?