Friend take real action to ensure that councils can properly fine utility companies when they disrupt rural communities?
My hon.
Friend makes a good point that I am well aware of, representing a rural constituency myself.
Some of the benefits of investment in infrastructure such as broadband do bring with them traffic disruption.
One of the things we have put in place, as I mentioned in an earlier answer, is the change to make sure that good utility companies will have much less inspection and much less cost involved in delivery.
Those utility companies that leave behind a mess, and therefore cause that disruption over and over again, will face more inspections and more costs, incentivising them to do a better job for his and my constituents.
I welcome my constituency neighbour,  the hon.
Member for South Cambridgeshire (Anthony Browne)  to his place on the Front Bench.
For the past two years, part of the guided  busway in Cambridge has been closed due to a complex legal wrangle with the Health and Safety Executive.
It has meant that buses are snarled up and motorists and bus users have had thousands and thousands of hours of wasted time.
Will the Minister meet me to try to find a way to resolve this issue speedily and get Cambridge moving?
I am not familiar with the specific situation that the hon.
Gentleman raises about a dispute with the Health and Safety Executive.
I will of course make sure that the relevant Minister meets him to deal with this issue.
I have to say that my previous experience of Cambridge City Council was that it was tending to implement policies such as its congestion charging scheme, which it has now had to drop because it was so unpopular.
It was not focused on getting traffic moving, but being against the interests of road users.
I am glad that he welcomes that change.
Leeds is one of the most congested cities in the country, mainly because it is the largest city in Europe without a rail-based public transport system.
Why do the Government have such contempt for the citizens of Leeds?
When will we see a decent public transport system in our city?
That is an extraordinary question, given that the Government have, in the Network North announcement that the Prime Minister made, put aside £2.5 billion for a mass transit system in Leeds so that Leeds no longer remains one of the largest cities in Europe without one.
I have to say that that investment in Leeds to benefit his constituents is possible only because of the choice that this Government made to cancel the second phase of HS2 and to spend the money on that mass transit system in Leeds.
I am surprised that the hon.
Gentleman did not welcome that significant investment for his constituents.
What estimate he has made of the net cost to the public purse of land purchased and planned for sale in connection with HS2 phase 2.
What estimate he has made of the net cost to the public purse of land purchased and planned for sale in connection with HS2 phase 2.
As of October 2023, a total of £573 million had been spent acquiring land and property assets on phase 2.
That includes all property asset types, such as plots of land, farmland, farms, commercial property and domestic property.
Any land and property asset that is no longer required will be sold, and a programme is being developed to do that.
Data from the High-Speed Rail Group suggests that the Government’s fire sale of land on the former Birmingham to Manchester stretch of HS2 will cost taxpayers a staggering £100 million.
But they are not content with wasting taxpayers’ money and denying us the high-speed rail in the north that we  deserve; Denton and Reddish is not even set to benefit from local rail improvements.