Well, it does.
The Department spends a great deal of resource on campaigns to get people to drive more safely, and we do that when we are engineering and delivering new roads.
Safety is one of the very important things that we think about as we design and roll out new road infrastructure.
What assessment he has made of the potential merits of electrifying the Furness line.
Northern is developing a final business case for a new fleet that will bring new trains to my hon.
Friend’s route, and include options for greener technology such as batteries.
We are also working with the Great British Railways transition team to assess options to decarbonise the whole network.
I thank the Minister for his answer.
He will be delighted to know that, for once, I am going to ask not about the quality of service on the Furness line, but rather about capacity.
The Government recently announced, through the Network North deal, the electrification of the energy coast line.
That will take 150 million tonnes of freight off that line every year and is hugely welcome.
Through the SSN-AUKUS programme and the Dreadnought programme, and the doubling of the size of the shipyard in Barrow, a similar amount of freight will be needed going the other way.
Will the Minister meet me and the wider Team Barrow board to discuss the merits of electrifying the Furness line?
As my hon.
Friend knows, my officials are active members of Team Barrow, alongside the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities and local partners, recognising the national significance of the submarine programme.
Work is ongoing, looking at improvements to the A590, and at options for the rail industry to improve the local rail network.
I would be delighted to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss that work.
When he plans to publish further information on the UK sustainable aviation fuel mandate.
After four years in Parliament, this is my maiden voyage at the Dispatch Box. [
Interruption.]
Indeed, it is Christmas come early, and it is a gift that the first question I am asked comes from  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon) .
The UK sustainable aviation fuel mandate is on track to start on  1 January 2025 , with preparatory work  on secondary legislation progressing well.
We recognise   that final decisions on the parameters of the mandate must be taken in a timely way to provide certainty for investment decisions, and we will publish those as soon as possible.
I welcome the Minister to his place and wish him well in his endeavours.
It is always a pleasure to see some of the 2019 intake elevated to the Front Bench, so very well done.
I thank him for his answer, as the issue of sustainable aviation fuel is important for my constituents.
To ensure that we do not overshoot climate targets on the road to jet zero or net zero, will the Government consider introducing the SAF mandate under a greenhouse gas intensity scheme?
That is quite a technical question, but I know it is one that the Minister is well up to answering.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for that question.
I more normally get asked concerns about whether we are going to undershoot the target, rather than overshoot it, but it is a valid question.
It is important for us that we are introducing the SAF mandate, and we must give certainty to the industry so that investment comes in.
We have funded 13 different companies to set up SAF plants or do development, but we are looking at all the different options and nothing is off the table.
We will consider all the different proposals and publish our response to the second consultation as soon as possible.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
The Government’s plans to have five sustainable aviation fuel plants under construction by 2025 look doomed.