I can assure him that there have been multiple conversations.
The Foreign Secretary is absolutely concerned about this.
I have held conversations with interlocutors in Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador and many other places.
I was in Argentina for the inauguration at the weekend, and I met many interlocutors there who all share the concern.
We will work with CARICOM, the OAS, the UN, and, of course, the Commonwealth, which is vital, to call this out and take whatever steps are required.
I call the Father of the House.
I am glad to follow the Opposition foreign and Commonwealth affairs spokesman in reminding the House and the Minister that when the United States persuaded the United Kingdom to go to international arbitration, the determination in 1899 was to leave that region as part of what is now Guyana, which became independent in 1966.
The dispute with Suriname was settled some time ago by agreement.
This should be as well, and Venezuela should go back to solving its own problems and exploiting its own hydrocarbons, if it chooses to do so, as it moves towards a more eco-friendly economy and preferably a better kind of politics as well.
The Father of the House makes a very important point.
This is a settled matter, and Venezuela needs to sort out its own issues.
There have been steps taken by partners in the region to try to help open the door to Maduro, and he has responded in this way.
It is unacceptable.
We now come to the SNP spokesperson.
I thank  the hon.
Member for Bridgwater and West Somerset (Mr Liddell-Grainger)  for securing this urgent question.
It is indeed ironic that the day after the excitement of COP, here we are discussing the potential annexation of one country by its larger and more powerful neighbour because of the discovery of a huge oilfield containing 11 billion barrels of light crude.
It matters not that the 1899 border issue remains controversial for Venezuela, because it has to respect international law.
I am pleased that the International Court of Justice has warned Maduro not to take any action that could alter the status quo, but can the Minister tell me what discussions the UK Government have had with representatives of the ICJ?
Have discussions been had directly with the Venezuelans on behalf of the UK Government?
To what extent does he share my concern that our previously weak response to states using dubious referendums, followed by the use of military force, to annex parts of a neighbouring country, as Russia did  to Crimea in 2014, has emboldened people like Maduro to believe that should he take military action, the consequence for him would be extremely limited?
Again, it is good to see support for Guyana across the House.
Whether this is because of Venezuela’s aspirations about oil or some other matter, whatever that might be, its actions are completely unjustified.
As the hon.
Member indicated, we need to call it out.
The 1899 border issue is settled.
We support Guyana in its efforts to resolve this matter in whichever way it wants to through the ICJ, but it needs to be done peacefully.
The hon.
Gentleman also makes an important point about Russia.
These actions are opportunistic.
There are huge issues geopolitically, and dictators or other Heads of Government should not seek to exploit these moments when there are far bigger issues at stake elsewhere in the world, so we need to call it out.
As I said earlier, we are keeping this under very close scrutiny and will take whatever actions we think are appropriate, along with our regional partners.
I thank the Minister for his response to the urgent question, and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Bridgwater and West Somerset (Mr Liddell-Grainger)  for securing it.
I also thank the shadow Foreign Secretary,  the right hon.
Member for Tottenham (Mr Lammy) , for his response.