She mentioned vulnerable people, yet this week the SNP announced that Scotland’s national care service will be pushed back three years.
She mentioned the armed forces, but her Government are insisting that they pay higher tax, and this Government are compensating them for that.
If she wants to find Victorian levels of rats and rickets, she should go to SNP-run local authorities.
I think we should have a festive round-up on SNP morality: 12 hours of police questioning, 11 grand in roaming charges, 10 years without school inspections, nine sham embassies, eight years of poor child mental health, seven years without ferries, six years shirking welfare, five hundred million overspent on Edinburgh’s tram, four million to install a heat pump, three high-profile arrests, two overseas jollies, and a dodgy Jaguar EV. [
Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear!”]
I have succeeded in bringing a smile to the hon.
Lady’s face.
I must thank her for being the gift that keeps on giving at business  questions.
I hope that in 2024 better things are destined for the Scottish people: better education, health, transport and opportunities, and better value for the taxes they pay.
I hope that all their MPs will come here, represent their interests and take responsibility for the authority that they are given.
That is my Christmas wish.
In the new year, can we have a series of debates celebrating all the positive things happening in our constituencies?
They include the £64 million of levelling-up cash for Marsden Mills and the Huddersfield-Penistone line in my area; a brand-new A&E unit; the west Yorkshire investment zone investing in Huddersfield university; the trans-Pennine upgrade; and wonderful community groups such as those in Milnsbridge Village Hall and the Friend To Friend group, where I will join pensioners tomorrow for a Christmas lunch.
Can we please celebrate these positive things happening in our communities?
I congratulate my hon.
Friend on all the considerable achievements that he and his constituents have secured over the past year.
I am reminded of the, very sadly, late Benjamin Zephaniah, who as guest editor on the “Today” programme insisted that it be just about good news.
We could all do with that occasionally.
My hon.
Friend knows how to apply for a debate in the usual way.
I call the Chair of the Backbench Business Committee.
I thank the Leader of the House for announcing the Backbench Business for the first week after the Christmas recess and for the extensive list of recess dates, which we will fill up our diaries with.
I mentioned that last week, so it is welcome to get the dates in the bag.
I am afraid to say that I am of such an age that I have been a school governor for 40 years continuously. [
Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear!”]
I am the chair of governors at a primary school in Gateshead, where 52% of the youngsters are entitled to free school meals.
Holiday hunger is not a concept confined to the summer recess.
Can we have a statement from the children’s Minister on whether the Government have plans to tackle holiday hunger in the winter break, when cold exacerbates the problem and adds to the misery of hungry children?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for this work on the Backbench Business Committee and for his question.
He will know that it was the topic that the Youth Parliament chose to debate when they visited the Chamber.
There has been huge focus on provision in schools, particularly during holidays.
If he has particular concerns, I will be happy to raise them with the Secretary of State for Education, as the next questions are not until  29 January .
Hannukah semeach, Mr Speaker.
This evening, of course, is the last evening on which Jews will light their hannukiah.