Friend the Secretary of State said at the last Transport questions that we hope to make an announcement shortly.
It is something that we are working on.
Of the 4,000 zero-emission buses promised in the national bus strategy, only 660 have been funded outside London and half of those have gone to overseas manufacturers.
What are the Government doing to help UK manufacturers develop competitive zero-emission buses capable of longer distance journeys?
I was delighted to meet and engage with many of the different manufacturers from the UK only two weeks ago.
I look forward to discussing the matter with them in more detail.
What conversations is the Minister having with Southern and Thameslink about increasing rail capacity and running longer services from Carshalton and Wallington, addressing the dangerous gap at Hackbridge station, and installing step-free access at Carshalton Beeches station?
I have met my hon.
Friend and I appreciate the work that he does campaigning for the stations in his constituency.
I have regular conversations with people from Govia Thameslink Railway, and I know that they have recently increased capacity on some busy services through Carshalton and Hackbridge.
On Hackbridge station, I offer to meet him with a team from Network Rail to see whether we can address the matter that he mentions.
Such was the excitement in Wales in 2012 when Conservative Ministers announced that they would be building the four-mile western rail link to Heathrow to open in 2020 that First Minister Rhodri Morgan described it as one of the “most important announcements” in the last 50 years, but it was yet another broken promise.
After more than a decade, when does the Transport Secretary expect the first spade to be dug into the ground to build the No.1 infrastructure priority of the Thames Valley region?
When this proposal was first mooted, it was to be a 50:50 split with Heathrow airport and the new runway, but matters changed after the pandemic.
We are determined to see private sector involvement in the railways continue.
If there is a private sector proposal, we are very happy to support it, but these schemes must not come at the expense of taxpayers.
The Under-Secretary of State for Transport, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Hexham (Guy Opperman)  saw for himself on Sunday night the scourge of pedicabs in the west end.
With the Pedicabs (London) Bill having reached Report stage in the Lords, can he update the House on when we can expect it to be presented in this place?
Early in the new year.
One train per hour stops on the Durham coastline, usually with two carriages.
This severely limits access to economic opportunities in Sunderland, Newcastle and Middlesbrough.
Recently, Northern Rail confirmed a new two-hourly service, but my constituents will only be able to wave at it as it goes by, because the plan is that it will not stop at the stations  at Seaham and Horden.
Can the Rail Minister please use his influence with Northern to see whether he can get those trains to stop?
I am sure that everyone waves at the hon.
Gentleman, great man that he is.
It was great to meet him when he came to the Department.
We talked about Durham coastal service and timetable changes.
Today, Transport for the North is discussing timetable changes, so I hope that that proposal goes through and that I can therefore give Durham coastal service the improvement that he asks for.
May I encourage my right hon.
Friend to cut the money given to the West of England Combined Authority, as it spends it extraordinarily badly on vanity schemes for the Mayor, on cutting bus services for my constituents and on pillorying motorists with this dreadful scheme, which is hated in Saltford, for a bus lane on the A4?
My right hon.