She is right that the Minister with responsibility for disabilities is important, and I am sure that that reshuffle announcement will be made imminently.
I also remind the House that every Department has a disability lead in place.
I echo the hon.
Lady’s thanks to all Commission members for the work done on risk-based exclusion.
I think Mr Speaker has written to Members today, and we will of course bring a motion to the House early in the new year.
I will also ensure that Members are kept up to date with the ongoing and tragic situation in Gaza over the festive period.
I know, as I hope do all Members, that FCDO consular services are there 24 hours a day for any hon.
Members who have constituents who need assistance.
The hon.
Lady raised the issue of our further legislation to stop the boats.
I always find it amusing that Labour Members are keen to see this legislation brought forward so that they can stop it.
They say that they have changed, but they have not, and I am afraid their actions speak  louder than words.
They talk tough on borders, but they have voted every time against our measures to strengthen them.
They talk about equality while not paying women a fair wage.
They talk about a charter for workers while siding with strikers and eco-zealots who prevent them from getting to work.
They talk of fiscal responsibility, but would borrow a further £28 billion more.
They talk of opportunity, but would tax education and halve apprenticeships.
The hon.
Lady has talked empathetically on the cost of living, yet is very happy to clobber hard-working people who can least afford it with higher taxes, the ultra low emission zone and lower tax allowances.
They talk of hope, but they would bring despair, as many in Wales are now having to endure.
I put on record my thanks to Mark Drakeford for his service, but I remind people of Labour’s record in Wales.
It is a good job that the nativity did not take place in Labour-run Wales.
Mary and Joseph would have been clobbered for an overnight stay levy.
She would have had poor maternity services.
The shepherds would not have been able to take the time off to bear witness due to cuts in the rural affairs budget, and the three wise men would have arrived post-Epiphany due to the blanket 20 mph speed limit and the poor condition of the road network.
Do not fall for what Labour says; look at what it does when in power.
Not all men who wear red and promise free gifts are to be trusted.
Further business will be announced in the usual way.
I call the Father of the House.
My right hon.
Friend has announced that there will be an Opposition day debate on  Tuesday 9 January .
Have the Opposition told her that they want to make it on the Leader of the Opposition’s claim that he will bulldoze through local objections to development?
May I draw her attention to the website of a man called Chris Dixon, who says he is in favour of building on the Goring gap in my constituency?
He says that people who want to stop that development should vote for me, and those who want to have it built on should invite Angela Rayner to come down and see it.
Will the Leader of the House say whether the Labour party is willing to expose its desire to build on green gaps to public debate in this Parliament?
Order.
I am not sure that the Leader of the House is responsible for the Labour party.
I know that the Father of the House must have told the Member who he has brought into question that he would name her today.
Mr Speaker is always right, and I am not responsible for the scheduling of topics for Opposition day debates.