In the next few weeks or months, how much rail network capacity does he expect to make available for open-access services from currently unused track slots, potentially from unused slots freed up by timetable improvements and from services currently provided by the operator of last resort?
I thank my hon.
Friend for joining me and others in the industry to discuss open-access rail on  27 October .
I have today written to the Office of Rail and Road and the chief executive of Network Rail, asking them to review the unused access rights and agree a timeline, so that we can get decisions made more promptly.
I hope to then give him more information.
The Prime Minister announced the electrification of the rail line to Hull in October at the Conservative party conference, so will the Minister tell me what the start date for that work will be?
As part of the engagement exercise, which the Prime Minister promised, I have met leaders from across the north.
Last week, it was a pleasure to meet those from the region around Hull to discuss their preferred route.
They made the point that the route should be prioritised because electrification has been talked about before, and I think that is a very good idea.
I emphasise to the Government the point made by my neighbour, my right hon.
Friend the Member for Suffolk Coastal (Dr Coffey), about pressing ahead with the Ely junction and Haughley junction schemes.
Network Rail has done much of the preparatory work and is poised to get on with it as quickly as possible.
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for raising that scheme again.
I know it is an important issue for colleagues in the east of England and I am delighted that we are able to make progress as a result of the decision on Network North.
I have discussed it with Network Rail and the next steps involve the development of the full business case.
Network Rail has what it needs to make progress, and I know my hon.
Friend will be wishing it every speed.
Over the past year, yet more people have been killed or seriously injured on our roads, and the UK’s record on that has plateaued.
While we have accident investigation organisations for air, maritime and rail, we do not have one for roads.
The Government promised to set up a road safety investigation branch last year.
When will that become a reality?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for raising the important issue of road safety.
I notice that the statistics she set out are inconsistent with those set out by her hon.
Friend,  the hon.
Member for Huddersfield (Mr Sheerman) .
She recognises that our road safety record is not going backwards, as he suggested.
When there is a fatality, road accidents are investigated by the relevant authorities, and that remains the position.
We learn lessons from accidents, so that when we build new road infrastructure it has safety at its heart.
Will my hon.
Friend update the House on the progress of the potential return of the direct rail link from King’s Cross to Grimsby and Cleethorpes?
My hon.
Friend follows my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Gainsborough (Sir Edward Leigh)  and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cleethorpes (Martin Vickers)  in raising that matter at Transport questions.
They are without doubt the strongest lobbyists when it comes to train timetabling changes.
She will have seen the test train that ran in June.
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State said at the last Transport questions that we hope to make an announcement shortly.
It is something that we are working on.
Of the 4,000 zero-emission buses promised in the national bus strategy, only 660 have been funded outside London and half of those have gone to overseas manufacturers.