May I encourage my right hon.
Friend to cut the money given to the West of England Combined Authority, as it spends it extraordinarily badly on vanity schemes for the Mayor, on cutting bus services for my constituents and on pillorying motorists with this dreadful scheme, which is hated in Saltford, for a bus lane on the A4?
My right hon.
Friend makes a very good point about regional Mayors, which is that we have devolved powers and resources to them, but they are ultimately accountable to their constituents.
I hope very much that if they are punishing the motorist, the motorist will punish them back at the appropriate time at the ballot box.
Now that the blight of HS2 has been lifted from North West Leicestershire, can the Minister update the House on when work will commence on reopening the Ivanhoe line, which will offer rail access for the first time in many decades not only to my constituents, but to our neighbours in South Derbyshire?
The Prime Minister’s Network North announcement gave that commitment on the Ivanhoe line down to Leicester.
We are fully committed to that.
I know that I am due to be meeting the hon.
Member on another matter, so I will give him more of an update then.
Like many, I welcomed what was going on with Network North, particularly the announcement of Ferryhill Station.
When it comes to the final assessment and decisions, we need to ensure that the right question is asked, as the Green Book says.
The right question is: what is the socioeconomic benefit to the towns and villages around the station, not to the GDP of the UK?
May I ask for that assurance please?
That was another commitment that the Prime Minister made in the Network North announcement.
My hon.
Friend has campaigned for Ferryhill Station for so long, and I thank him for bringing it forward.
The business case will look at the socioeconomic conditions that he mentions, and I am confident that we will be able to get spades in the ground for his station very shortly.
LNER is going to consult again on altering the timetable to increase the frequency of trains from Edinburgh and Newcastle to London, but that inherently means a reduction in services to West Yorkshire, Manchester and Merseyside.
That is  very sad, and it is bad for the northern economy.
This is not a timetabling issue; it is a capacity issue on the east coast main line.
Can we have some investment in the east coast main line, north of York, to remedy those problems?
As things stand, we are unable to operate that service because the trans-Pennine route upgrade, which is delivering the billions of pounds’ worth of investment to enhance the route that the hon.
Member asks for, is currently being constructed.
That will provide the bandwidth.
As I mentioned, today we hope to get a decision from Transport for the North that will improve services and add an extra service north to south.
Then, with the multi-billion pound investment in the trans-Pennine route upgrade, we will get east-west service improvements as well.
In Hyndburn and Haslingden, we are hoping to have a very happy new year, as we hope to hear the announcement that both Rishton Station and Church and Oswaldtwistle Station have been successful in the Government’s Access for All scheme.
Can any indication be given of when we might hear the announcement, and will the Government look favourably on them?
It is worth noting that 75% of all rail journeys now take place from step-free stations, with 220 stations made step-free under Access for All.
We have 300 in the list for the next batch, and my hon.
Friend will be pleased to know that hers are in that long list.
We will decide shortly which ones to take forward next year.
Will the ministerial team stop briefing against hydrogen combustion engines?