Gentleman for what I am going to call his warm words—it is Christmas, a time to forgive and forget.
The clean maritime plan is being refreshed and we will publish it as soon as possible.
We are taking in and analysing a very wide range of evidence from a wide range of different people.
The Government are committed to the whole “Maritime 2050” plan, and we are investing over £200 million in the UK SHORE programme to help fund research and development to make shipping decarbonise.
What steps he is taking to increase transport connectivity between cities in the north of England.
Aside from the £1 billion investment in Network North, my hon.
Friend will be aware that the single biggest connectivity project in his community is the Northumberland line, a groundbreaking railway line that will connect Blyth and the surrounding cities to Newcastle.
I am delighted consultation has now taken place regarding a relief road for Blyth, which is badly needed.
As a result of the proposed plans, which could see the closure of an existing road and the rerouting of residents along a new road, many residents of Cramlington could see their journey times increase.
Keeping the existing road open would address that, as well as save money.
Will my hon.
Friend agree to look at that again and see whether it could be achieved?
I am very happy to meet my hon.
Friend and Northumberland County Council, post the consultation.
Ten years ago, David Higgins, the then chair of HS2, said that connectivity between Sheffield and Manchester was worse than between any other major cities in Europe.
Since then, Sheffield’s connection with Manchester airport has been scrapped.
We had a review of a tunnel under the Pennines.
That tunnel got shorter and shorter until it finally disappeared altogether.
Can the Minister  say in what way—if any, because I do not think there  have been any—transport links between Sheffield and Manchester have improved while this Government have been in power?
As the hon.
Gentleman knows, a substantial amount of electrification is taking place.
He will also be aware of the city regional sustainable settlement, which will provide significant investment in the north.
What steps he has taken to support rail manufacturing at Alstom in Derby.
Margaret Beckett is not here.
Will the Secretary of State answer the question as though she were, so that I can call the shadow Minister?
My officials and I have held regular meetings with senior management at Alstom.
We have also convened, under my direction, a cross-Whitehall group to advise on ways to support continued production at Derby, and on how best to support the workers who could lose their jobs.
This must be a commercial decision for Alstom, but the Government have been working with the company to explore every option to enable it to continue manufacturing at its Derby site, and local Members in Derby—including the fantastic colleague sitting beside me, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Derby North (Amanda Solloway) —have been raising these issues with me regularly, effectively representing their constituents.
I call the shadow Minister.
Three years ago, the Government hailed the deal to manufacture HS2 trains in Britain as putting the country
“firmly at the forefront of the high speed rail revolution”.
Today, the jobs of the skilled people who work in that industry and build those trains in Derby and Newton Aycliffe  are at risk.
There are just days left to find a solution.
Will the Secretary of State, specifically, meet Hitachi and Alstom as a matter of urgency?
Does he accept that if Ministers fail to act in the coming days, the final legacy of this shambolic Government will be thousands of skilled jobs lost and HS2 trains built abroad?
I am slightly surprised by the hon.
Gentleman.
He wrote to my hon.
Friend the Rail Minister on  17 November , asking a series of, I am afraid, quite ill-informed questions.