They are the borders that were transferred to the independent Guyana in 1966, and they are the borders that are internationally recognised.
As the Minister also knows, President Maduro has said that he will immediately issue licences for gas, oil and mineral exploitation, in direct contravention—as we heard from  the hon.
Member for Argyll and Bute (Brendan O’Hara) —of the ICJ ruling.
What more is the United Kingdom doing to take this case up on the international stage with Guyana to make sure that ICJ rulings are adhered to?
We have already highlighted the work we are doing with the Commonwealth.
We have talked about the international engagement, and obviously, the situation was also discussed by the UN Security Council last Friday.
We are taking it at every single level, and it helps if, in this place, we condemn with one voice the actions that have been taken by Venezuela.
That will be noted in each of those forums, so I commend the hon.
Member for his very important words.
I thank the Minister very much for his response, and I am pleased to know that he will be in Guyana shortly—his presence will send a message.
Guyana has an army of some 4,000 and a population of 800,000; Venezuela has an army of 125,000, plus tanks and aircraft, so it is very much the aggressor and the stronger of the two countries.
When it comes to the potential annexation of a democratic country by somebody who many of us feel is a demagogue, part of the axis of evil—that is North Korea, Iran and Russia, and now we can add Venezuela to that list—it is very important that we take a stand.
As a country, as the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, could we not send a Royal Navy ship to Guyana?
That is the sort of strong action we need to see.
It is good to get the last word from the hon.
Gentleman—that is often his role.
We are working hard through diplomatic channels to urge partners in the region to use bilateral contacts and regional groups to advise and mediate, in order to de-escalate the situation.
I also bring to the House’s attention the fact that HMS Trent is heading towards the region to support action against narcotics trafficking.
I call the shadow Leader of the House.
Will the Leader of the House give us the forthcoming business?
The business for the week commencing  18 December  will include:
Monday 18 December —Second Reading of the Animal Welfare (Livestock Exports) Bill.
Tuesday 19 December —Consideration of an allocation of time motion, followed by all stages of the Post Office (Horizon System) Compensation Bill.
The House will rise for the Christmas recess at the conclusion of business on  Tuesday 19 December  and return on  Monday 8 January 2024 .
The business for the week commencing  8 January  will include:
Monday 8 January —Second Reading of the Offshore Petroleum Licensing Bill.
Tuesday 9 January —Opposition day (2nd allotted day) debate on a motion in the name of the Leader of the official Opposition, subject to be announced.
Wednesday 10 January —Committee of the Whole House on the Finance Bill, followed by Third Reading of the Economic Activity of Public Bodies (Overseas Matters) Bill.
Thursday 11 January —Debate on a motion on SEND—special educational needs and disabilities—provision and funding, followed by a debate on a motion on Jewish communities and the potential merits of a Jewish history month.
The subjects for these debates were determined by the Backbench Business Committee.
Friday 12 January —The House will not be sitting.
The provisional business for the week commencing  15 January  includes:
Monday 15 January —Committee of the Whole House on the Animal Welfare (Livestock Exports) Bill.