We dare not ask where.
I will not ask where either, Mr Speaker, but it is good to see my hon.
Friend here right now.
We are deeply concerned about the recent steps taken by Venezuela with respect to the Essequibo region in Guyana.
I know that will be a key concern to the shadow Foreign Secretary and Members across the House, and we share those concerns.
We believe Venezuela’s actions are clearly unjustified and should cease.
We are clear that the border was settled in 1899 through international arbitration.
The Foreign Secretary has made that clear in a recent meeting and calls with President Ali of Guyana.
The UK, countries in the region and the international community have been swift to respond.
I have been in close contact with partners in the region to urge de-escalation, and earlier this week the Minister of State for Development and Africa, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Sutton Coldfield (Mr Mitchell) , attended an emergency meeting of the Commonwealth ministerial group on Guyana, which issued a clear statement rejecting the use of threat of force against the territorial integrity or political independence of Guyana.
Brazil and other countries in the region have expressed their deep concern at the situation and warned against unilateral actions that threaten the peace and stability of the region.
The UN Security Council met in closed session last Friday, at Guyana’s request, to discuss the situation.
We note that a meeting will take place later today between President Maduro and President Ali under the auspices of the Community of Latin American and Caribbean States, CELAC, and hope that that will reaffirm the importance of a peaceful resolution to this important matter.
We will continue to work with allies and partners in the region and through international bodies such as  the UN Security Council, the Commonwealth and the Organisation of American States to ensure that the territorial integrity of Guyana is respected.
I plan to visit Guyana in the coming days to further show our support for the Guyanese people on this vital issue.
It is imperative that regional partners and friends across the House, in the region and around the world continue to press the Maduro regime to respect Guyana’s integrity and to avoid escalation.
I will try again, Mr Speaker.
I am delighted to hear that the Minister is going to Guyana, which is an important part of the family of the Commonwealth.
I am also deeply pleased that the two  Presidents are meeting today in St Vincent to try to hammer out the situation.
It must be of worry to this Government and to this House that a Commonwealth country is being set upon by a failing state because it wants to grab land to do oil exploration and take oil.
That is not an acceptable position to anybody in this House.
The other problem is that the Brazilians are moving troops to their border to ensure its integrity, and I am also told that American military advisers are going to Guyana to help with the situation.
The Guyanese have armed forces of 4,000; the Venezuelans have 350,000.
I urge this Government to stand solidly behind Guyana, not just as a Commonwealth country, but as a country in South America.
I remember that the last time there was an issue in South America, in ’82, it did not end well, and we stood for the oppressed.
I urge this Government not just to send the Minister to visit, but to make sure that there is tangible help for the people of Guyana to encourage them to stand up for their rights.
The Government completely agree that the current situation is not acceptable.
We are deeply concerned by the unilateral move by Venezuela over this region.
Our position is absolutely clear and has not changed: the border was settled in 1899 through international arbitration.
Venezuela must desist from its action.