We are deeply concerned by the unilateral move by Venezuela over this region.
Our position is absolutely clear and has not changed: the border was settled in 1899 through international arbitration.
Venezuela must desist from its action.
It has deliberately and unacceptably escalated the situation, and the people of Guyana deserve to be free from the threats to their country.
We work closely with our friends in the region.
My hon.
Friend mentioned Brazil.
Of course, we have been in conversations with Brazil, which has taken a robust stance.
I know that my Opposition counterpart with responsibility for Latin American affairs feels the same way.
We are, across the House, completely opposed to this sort of action.
We want peace and stability in Latin America to continue for decades to come.
We come to the shadow Foreign Secretary.
I am grateful to  the hon.
Member for Bridgwater and West Somerset (Mr Liddell-Grainger)  for securing the question on this important matter.
The actions of Venezuela over the past few weeks have been provocative and dangerous.
President Maduro has shown a determination to stoke historical grievances, attack recognised international borders and seek aggressive confrontation instead of good neighbourly relations.
All that sounds worryingly familiar, because it is the playbook of President Putin.
We have challenged it in Ukraine, and we must do the same in Guyana.
We often talk in abstract terms about the importance of a rules-based international order, but this is its essence: that disputes are settled peacefully through proper legal and diplomatic processes, not through threats or intimidation; that settled and recognised borders are not subject to change through threat or force; and that the big cannot bully the small.
We must be resolute in standing up to those with imperialist ambitions.
I welcome that there will be talks between the leaders of Guyana and Venezuela in St Vincent.
I put on record my thanks to Brazil for its leadership on this matter, including the deployment of troops along its border.
Those talks should be a mechanism to reduce the tensions  brought about by Venezuela’s actions, not a discussion about settled borders or a reward for threats.
The Essequibo border was settled more than 100 years ago in 1899.
Has the Minister spoken directly to Brazilian or American counterparts, or to key regional bodies such as CARICOM—the Caribbean Community—and the Organisation of American States, about responding to Maduro’s actions?
Guyana is a diverse, beautiful and proud country with close ties of history, friendship and family with the UK.
As the child of parents who came from Guyana as part of the Windrush generation, I am living proof of our shared history.
For my relatives, and for all the people of Guyana, this is a deeply troubling time.
I am grateful that the Minister has indicated that he will go to Guyana shortly, and that the UK’s support for Guyana’s sovereignty is unwavering.
What specific actions are the Government taking to ensure that, if the threat is followed through, Guyana’s sovereignty is protected?
It is good to see strong cross-party support on this vital issue.
I certainly recognise the right hon.
Gentleman’s interest in this matter from his personal perspective and from a geopolitical perspective.
He is absolutely right: this is from the playbook of Putin and other dictators around the world, and it needs to be called out and stopped.
We are grateful for the work that Ralph Gonsalves, the Prime Minister of St Vincent and the Grenadines, is doing to facilitate those conversations.
They need to be about de-escalation; the border is a settled issue as far as we are concerned.
The right hon.
Gentleman asks what action we are taking.
I can assure him that there have been multiple conversations.
The Foreign Secretary is absolutely concerned about this.
I have held conversations with interlocutors in Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador and many other places.