Even the party  that crashed the economy is still able to find unique ways to fleece the taxpayer.
Will the Minister explain what safeguards he will put in place to protect the land and taxpayers’ money from this ill-judged and costly fire sale?
Despite what I said about this being the season of good will, quite frankly that is complete and utter nonsense.
As I have stated, there will be a very careful analysis of the property that will be released.
The Crichel Down rules require tests to be met, and only once they are will we return the property to the original owner at its market value.
This will be done properly.
We have delivered certainty: we have said that the route will not go ahead.
What I am sure everyone along the line of the route would like to know is whether HS2 would go ahead under the Labour Transport team, or whether it would not, because of the Labour Treasury team.
Give them some certainty.
If he will make an assessment with Cabinet colleagues of the potential impact of the UK emissions trading scheme on domestic ferry services.
The UK ETS Authority will publish a second consultation on the implementation of the UK ETS in 2024.
We welcome any evidence in response to the consultation.
We will publish a full analysis of the policy’s impact in the Government’s response to the consultation.
The Department has not yet conducted a full assessment of the implications for domestic ferries.
I am grateful to the Minister for that answer.
He may be aware that there are many in the shipping industry who are concerned that including lifeline ferry services, such as those that serve my constituency, in the emissions trading scheme could hinder rather than help the process of decarbonisation.
The EU has already recognised that by giving its lifeline ferry services a derogation until 2030.
Will the shipping Minister—I know it is not this Minister’s responsibility—engage with operators in Scotland and elsewhere to ensure that we are not hit by the law of unintended consequences?
I very much welcome that question.
The right hon.
Member for Orkney and Shetland is a doughty champion for ferries in those islands and I know how important ferry services are for residents there.
We have been very careful, across our transport decarbonisation plan, not to damage industries or sectors.
We have given many billions of pounds in support for the whole range of different transport sectors and domestic ferries are very much a part of that.
I am very happy to engage with the sector and to meet him to ensure that the ferries can carry on transporting passengers throughout Orkney, Shetland and elsewhere in the British Isles.
I call the shadow Minister.
Thank you, Mr Speaker.
I smile because I am welcoming the Minister to his place perhaps half a dozen Ministers since I first stood at the Dispatch Box—but the best of luck to him in the time ahead. [
Laughter.]
Decarbonising maritime will require unprecedented investment in UK technologies, with visionary policy and regulatory frameworks that limit ships’ emissions and mandate the use of clean fuels.
When will the Government follow the advice issued by the Transport Committee in June and streamline the muddle of 184 recommendations it set for itself in “Maritime 2050”?
Speaking of which, we were promised a refreshed “Maritime 2050” in 2023 by one of the Secretary of State’s many predecessors.
There are a handful of days left.
Where is it?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for what I am going to call his warm words—it is Christmas, a time to forgive and forget.
The clean maritime plan is being refreshed and we will publish it as soon as possible.
We are taking in and analysing a very wide range of evidence from a wide range of different people.