Gentleman for his remarks on the new Nottingham inquiry—I am very grateful for his support.
I am sure the whole House will want to see the inquiry come to a conclusion as quickly as possible.
I say to the right hon.
Gentleman that when people have a complaint to make about judges, they can do so via the well-placed mechanism of the judicial complaints office.
If he wishes to make a complaint, he can do so, but what I will not do is indulge in, effectively, the doxing of judges, especially not when they are simply doing their job of applying the law in the cases that appear before them.
If there are complaints to be made about judicial conduct, I am sure the shadow Lord Chancellor knows how to go about it.
Order.
Can I just say that we must be careful about what we do here?
We are not meant to criticise judges, and I know that this House would not do so.
I am sure that we will now change the topic.
Mr Speaker, it is important that judges and the manner in which they are appointed are properly scrutinised in this House, and I will not shy away from doing so.
Helen Pitcher was forced to resign in disgrace as the chair of the Criminal Cases Review Commission after a formal panel found that she had failed in her duties during one of the worst miscarriages of justice in recent memory.
But she is still in charge of judicial appointments, despite judges appearing in the media every week for their activism.
Her commission has failed to conduct the most basic checks on potential judges, either out of sheer incompetence, or out of sympathy with their hard-left views on open borders.
The commission is broken and is bringing the independence of the judiciary into disrepute.
How much longer will it take for the Justice Secretary to act and remove the chair of this commission from her position and defend the independence and reputation of the judiciary?
I am afraid that the shadow Chancellor cannot elide the process for the appointment of judges with a wider attack on the independence of the judiciary.
I hope that he will take the admonishment from you, Mr Speaker, and the clear disapprobation of this House to reflect on the way that he is approaching his role.
If there are complaints to be made about judicial conduct, there is already a robust process in place for doing so.
If the shadow Lord Chancellor wishes to avail himself of that, I am sure that, given how active he is, he will be happy to do so.
What is completely improper is to take his position in this House to indulge in a wider attack of the judiciary at a time when we know that judicial security has been compromised—
Order.
This is the time for topical questions, and we have other Members to get in.
Tensions are running high, so let us calm everyone down with a question from Warinder Juss.
On a recent visit to Featherstone Prison near Wolverhampton, I came across a number of recalled prisoners who were there for minor technical breaches of their probation—sometimes for up to a year.
Can the Secretary of State please outline what data is collected on the reasons for prison recalls and how that data then informs policy decisions aimed at reducing unnecessary returns to custody?
I am happy to write to my hon.
Friend on the detail of the data collection and remind him that we have a sentencing review in process that will be looking at all of those things.
In a single week in Bradford, we have seen council leaders once again reject my calls for a full rape gangs inquiry.