In the past, antisocial behaviour has been too easily dismissed as low-level, but as he rightly describes, it can cause real distress and misery to our communities.
I am pleased that the new Crime and Policing Bill includes measures to enhance police powers to seize nuisance offroad bikes and other vehicles used in an antisocial manner.
Engineered Learning in Derby teaches welding skills to young people at risk of offending and reoffending.
A qualified, experienced welder can earn more than £50,000, yet we have a national shortage of welders.
Does the Minister agree that preventing reoffending and securing the skills our country needs is a win-win, and will he look at how we can get more young lives back on track, learning trades such as welding?
My hon.
Friend is exactly right.
What Engineered Learning is doing is a clear win-win, teaching welding skills and moving people away from crime.
The Department will continue funding youth offending teams to work with local education and employment providers to help young people get the skills they need to have productive careers and positive lives.
Aspiration and ambition are drivers of social mobility and help to reduce deprivation and crime.
What discussions has the Minister had with the Department for Education to increase apprenticeships and training, so that these opportunities can be extended to all and we can reduce young offending throughout the UK?
We have regular discussions with the Department for Education on these matters.
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right: the more young people we get into training, education and work, the less crime we should have on our streets.
I thank the Minister very much for that answer.
Quite clearly, those who reoffend do so because they go back to where the peer pressure is, where the unemployment is, and where poverty levels are high.
Those are things that must be addressed in order to help these young people not to reoffend.
They are big issues; what can be done to ensure those three things in the localities where those young people live do not overtake them, with the problems they have?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right that all those issues contribute to circumstances that might create offending, but it is really good that we have the turnaround programme in place.
Only 5% of children who completed their turnaround interventions received convictions in their first year of the programme.
That is an example of the sort of programme we need to be engaging in to turn young people away from crime.
What steps she is taking to increase access to legal aid in rural areas.
Wherever they are in England and Wales, people should benefit from equal access to legal support and legal aid.
Remote technology and provision of online advice present the opportunity both to democratise legal advice and to deliver it to all who need to access it.
We are investing an additional £92 million to support the sustainability of the criminal legal aid sector, and we are consulting on fee increases totalling £20 million for housing and immigration to increase access to civil legal aid.
All of this will support legal aid across the country, including in rural areas.
North Norfolk is a legal aid desert.
My residents have precious little access to family, criminal and housing legal assistance, despite the best efforts of local organisations such as the Norfolk Community Law Service.
We face huge barriers to recruitment and retention in rural areas, such as the cost of housing, poor public transport and fees that, despite the uprating, are still too low.
Things need to change.
Will the Minister meet me and those working in the legal aid sector in North Norfolk to discuss what we can do to support those in need in areas such as mine?
I thank the hon.
Member for raising the issue of legal aid deserts, and I welcome his suggestion that he write to me about these things.