I proudly co-chair the violence against women and girls ministerial group, which oversees a cross-Government approach to tackling VAWG, including online abuse.
I thank the Minister for her answer.
Sexually explicit deepfakes are a scourge on our society, whether it is young boys in their bedrooms making them of their fellow pupils and teachers, or those who create explicit images of celebrities to order.
How will the legislation the Government intend to bring forward on this help victims of this disgusting abuse and punish those who perpetrate it?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that question.
This Government are committed to halving violence against women and girls over a decade, and that includes the horrendous, degrading and humiliating crime of taking intimate images without consent, as well as creating deepfake images without consent.
For far too long, these crimes have gone unpunished, with perpetrators allowed to carry this out at will and to cover their sick behaviour under the rules of banter.
We will not stand for it: we are legislating, and we are protecting women and girls.
If she will have discussions with the HM Prison and Probation Service on the potential merits of reviewing its guidelines on bail.
Equality before the law is a cornerstone of our justice system, and my position on this is clear.
Later today, this House will debate legislation to overturn guidelines that the last Conservative Government welcomed, and I am not stopping there.
I am reviewing current policy, and this guidance is being redrafted as we speak, including on the approach to bail information for courts.
After the conviction of eight men for a string of horrendous child rape offences in Keighley, I wish I could stand here and say that justice has been fully served, but I cannot, because two of these men—dual nationals—absconded during their trial, are still evading justice and are known to be abroad.
Does the Secretary of State agree that in such serious cases, where dual or foreign nationals are charged with the most grotesque and serious sexual crimes against children, the court should be under a duty to impose stricter bail conditions, including surrendering passports and electronic monitoring, or even to provide no bail conditions, to stop them fleeing the country and evading justice?
First, I share the hon.
Member’s outrage over the crimes that were committed in his community, and the fact that two of those individuals have been able to leave the country, and therefore evade the full force of the law and serving their sentence here.
He will know that the decision to remand an individual in custody or on bail is solely a matter for the independent judiciary, and courts are already required to consider the likelihood to abscond as part of that decision.
More broadly, courts have the power to impose a broad range of robust bail conditions, including the surrender of passports, electronically monitored exclusion zones and curfews.
He knows that I cannot comment on the specifics, because that is a matter for the independent   judge who sat on that case and made that decision, but those are the rules that apply, and I would be happy to discuss that further with him if he wishes.
What steps her Department is taking to reform the prison system.
We inherited a system in crisis from the previous Government.
With prisons over 99% full, we took immediate action to prevent the collapse of the prison system by changing the automatic release point for standard determinate sentences.
We are building 14,000 new prison places, and we published our 10-year capacity strategy in December.
However, we know that we cannot build our way out of this crisis, which is why we have also launched an independent sentencing review to ensure that we will never run out of places again.