Members who are labouring under misinformation, I should say that it is an important point of fact that foreign national offenders and immigration offenders who receive sentences of less than 12 months can still be deported, and under this Government they will be.
I call the Chair of the Justice Committee.
When it enacted the Coroners and Justice Act 2009, Parliament decided that the Sentencing Council should be chaired by a judicial member, appointed by the Lady Chief Justice.
Does the Lord Chancellor agree that Members of this House should respect the principle of judicial independence when discussing the leadership of the Sentencing Council?
When judges are acting as judges, they are acting in their independent capacity.
All Members of this House should respect judicial independence.
My hon.
Friend will know that my disagreement with the Sentencing Council relates to where the line is drawn between matters that are correctly within the purview of our independent judiciary and matters that relate to policy that is correctly within the purview of this place.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Today, the Justice Secretary is belatedly introducing a Bill to restore fairness in who receives a pre-sentence report, but it will not correct what the pre-sentence report says.
Under brand-new guidance that the Justice Secretary’s Department issued in January, pre-sentence reports must consider the “culture” of an offender and take into account whether they have suffered “intergenerational trauma” from “important  historical events”.
Evidently, the Labour party does not believe in individual responsibility and agency.
Instead of treating people equally, it believes in cultural relativism.
This time the Justice Secretary has nobody else to blame but herself.
Will she change that or is there two-tier justice?
Is that the Labour party’s policy now?
What a load of nonsense.
I am the Lord Chancellor who is rectifying the situation with the proper distinction between matters of policy and matters of independent judicial decision through the Bill that we will debate on Second Reading later today.
I have already dealt with the issues in relation to the immigration guidelines.
The right hon.
Gentleman has made some comments about that which do not bear resemblance to fact, so perhaps he would like to correct the record.
On the bail guidance and on all other guidance that relates to equality before the law, I have said that we are reviewing absolutely everything.
I will ensure that under this Government equality before the law is never a principle that is compromised, although it was compromised under the Conservative Government.
What steps she is taking through the criminal justice system to help tackle hyper-prolific offending.
What steps she is taking through the criminal justice system to help tackle hyper-prolific offending.
This Government inherited a situation where around 10% of offenders account for over half of all convictions.
We also inherited rising levels of theft and shoplifting.
In February, I announced reforms to the probation service that will focus more of its time on offenders who pose a higher risk of reoffending, and I have asked David Gauke to review how sentences could be reformed to address prolific offending, cut the cycle of reoffending and ultimately make our streets safer.
In my constituency there is a particular problem of hyper-prolific shoplifting.
There are no credible deterrents and it is a scourge on our local communities and shop owners.
Can the Justice Secretary rule out any possibility of allowing career criminals to avoid prison, even for short sentences?
First, in the Crime and Policing Bill this Government have removed the effective immunity from prosecution for thefts relating to values under £200, so we are already taking clear, definitive action to deal with the problems that the hon.
Gentleman sees in his constituency.
I will not pre-empt the findings of the sentencing review.