Wherever we can strengthen our defences to better protect our staff and the public, we will do so.
The horrific attacks in Nottingham on  13 June 2023  cost Barnaby Webber, Grace O’Malley-Kumar and Ian Coates their lives.
I pay tribute to their families and the survivors, many of whom are in the Public Gallery today.
The Prime Minister promised that we would heed their calls for a public inquiry, and I can today announce that a full statutory inquiry will take place, chaired by Her Honour Deborah Taylor and with the power to compel witnesses.
I will place its full terms of reference in the Libraries of both Houses at the earliest opportunity.
The inquiry must be thorough in its assessment of the facts and unsparing in its recommendations—that is the very least that we owe those who have lost so much and fought so hard for this moment.
I am sure that this House, so often divided, will be united on that at least today.
I associate myself with the Lord Chancellor’s comments and extend my sympathies to the families of those who were attacked.
In Bordon, the release of a sex offender to a property near the Hogmoor inclosure—frequently used by young people, families and children—has caused consternation in my constituency.
What is the Lord Chancellor doing to ensure that people who have been convicted of sex offences are properly monitored when released into the community?
Do our national and local agencies have the resources and powers to ensure that these risks are monitored and the public are kept safe?
We have robust processes in place to ensure that those offenders can be monitored effectively at both national and local levels and that those monitoring mechanisms are as robust as possible.
I will happily look into the case that the hon.
Gentleman raises and ensure that he gets a ministerial response.
The Conservatives presided over 14 years of total failure in our justice system.
Let me be topical.
To restore justice in this country and keep my constituents safe, we cannot just do more of the same; we need more transparency about the time criminals spend in jail, and common-sense sentencing must mean exactly that.
How does the Secretary of State think technology can help to make that possible?
I must caution Conservatives Members against groaning.
I appreciate that they might not be proud of their record—I would not be if that was the record I had left behind after leaving government—but groaning shows the contempt in which they hold the public, who have had to suffer the consequences of a truly dire Conservative party legacy.
My hon.
Friend is right that technology can—and we hope will—provide better solutions to the management and supervision of offenders in the community.
I look forward to the sentencing review’s findings in that regard.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
I support the Lord Chancellor’s decision to commission a full statutory inquiry into the terrible attack in Nottingham.
I know it will be welcomed by the families and everyone in the city and across my home county of Nottinghamshire.
I fully support her welcome decision.
Greg Ó Ceallaigh is a serving immigration judge who decides asylum and deportation appeals.
It took nothing more than a basic Google search to uncover his past comments that the Conservative party should be treated the same way as Nazis and cancer.
As a sitting judge, he has publicly supported Labour’s plans to scrap the Rwanda scheme and for illegal entry into the United Kingdom to be decriminalised.
Does the Lord Chancellor believe this is compatible with judicial impartiality?
If not, what does she intend to do about it?
First, I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his remarks on the new Nottingham inquiry—I am very grateful for his support.
I am sure the whole House will want to see the inquiry come to a conclusion as quickly as possible.
I say to the right hon.