Now, it is time to move forward.
There is now a need to ensure that this ruling is clear across a range of settings, from healthcare and prisons to sport and single-sex support groups.
The Equality and Human Rights Commission, as Britain’s equality regulator, is working quickly to issue an updated statutory code of practice to reflect this judgment,  and I look forward to reviewing that code of practice in  due course.
Alongside these updates, our work to protect single-sex spaces across society continues in earnest, because for far too long, under the Conservative Government, single-sex spaces were anything but—and nowhere is that clearer than in our hospitals.
Year after year, the Conservatives pledged to close mixed-sex wards; and yet year after year, their use not only persisted but grew massively.
Year after year, often in their most vulnerable moments, women were denied the privacy and dignity they deserved.
Time after time, Conservative Ministers, including the now Leader of the Opposition, came to this House and toured television studios telling the public that they were protecting single-sex spaces in our hospitals.
The truth was very different, because as last year’s data tells us, the use of mixed-sex wards rose by more than 2,200% in 10 years under the last Tory Government.
There is no better example of rhetoric divorced from reality and of a party playing politics with the safety of women, and we will never let them forget it.
By contrast, this Government will protect women’s wards and NHS England will soon publish guidance on how trans patients should be accommodated in clinical settings.
We will end the practice of mixed-sex wards once and for all.
It is not just in our NHS that we will act on behalf of women.
In prisons, we will continue to protect women’s safety with single-sex accommodation.
In women’s sport, I have always backed integrity and fairness.
Biology matters for competitive sport, and sporting bodies have issued rules to reflect that.
In our prisons, in our hospitals, in sport and in a whole host of other spaces, what was true before the ruling remains true after the ruling.
This Government protect safe spaces for women under the Equality Act 2010.
For too many years, we have seen the heat dialled up in this debate by the Conservatives.
There was no real action to protect women’s spaces, while under their watch the use of mixed-sex wards increased, an epidemic of violence against women and girls spread across the country and women’s health was neglected.
This Labour Government will deliver for women through our plan for change, driving down waiting lists month after month, tackling misogyny throughout society, and once and for all delivering justice for survivors of violence against women and girls.
I know that many trans people will be worried in the wake of the Supreme Court ruling, so I want to provide reassurance here and now that trans people will continue to be protected.
We will deliver a full trans-inclusive ban on conversion practices.
We will work to equalise all existing strands of hate crime, and we will review adult gender identity services, so that all trans people get the high-quality care they deserve.
The laws to protect trans people from discrimination and harassment will remain  in place, and trans people will still be protected on the basis of gender reassignment—a protected characteristic written into Labour’s Equality Act.
This Government will offer trans people the dignity that too often they were denied by the Conservatives.
Too often, trans people were a convenient punchbag and the butt of jokes made in this place by the Conservatives, culminating rather shamefully in the previous Prime Minister standing at this Dispatch Box trying to score cheap laughs from his Back Benchers at the expense of vulnerable people.
By contrast, this Government are clear that trans people deserve safety, opportunity and respect.