With permission, I will now make a statement to update the House on the Supreme Court judgment  in the case of For Women Scotland Ltd v. The Scottish Ministers.
This ruling brings welcome clarity and confidence for women and service providers.
Single-sex spaces must be protected, and this is personal to me; before I was elected to this place, I ran a women’s refuge in the north-east for women and children fleeing domestic violence.
I know how important to survivors it is, and always was, to have single-sex spaces based on biology —places of safety after trauma, time in a sanctuary  that allowed them therapeutic support, healing from unimaginable male violence and fear.
I remember how hard countless campaigners had to fight over many decades to get any single-sex provision at all, in order to create women’s refuges and rape crisis centres.
Later, I remember how hard it was to convince commissioners that young homeless women trying to heal from terrifying acts of cruelty should not be left in mixed-sex accommodation.
I will continue to fight for that provision to ensure that women’s safety, women’s privacy and women’s dignity are always protected.
This Government will continue as before, working to protect single-sex spaces based on biological sex— now with the added clarity of this ruling—and we will continue our wider work with commitment and compassion to protect all those who need it, right across society.
This is a Government who will support the rights of women and trans people, now and always.
This is a Government who will support the rights of all people with protected characteristics, now and always.
This is a Government who will support the rights of our most vulnerable, now and always.
On that, there is no change to announce: dignity and respect for all, now and always.
But this is a judgment long in the making.
It began in 2018 when Scottish Ministers issued guidance on the definition of a woman in the eyes of the Gender Representation on Public Boards (Scotland) Act 2018.
That guidance stated that a woman in that Act bears the same meaning as a woman in the Equality Act 2010, and included trans women with a gender recognition certificate.
For Women Scotland challenged that guidance, saying that sex in the Equality Act means biological sex, so that a trans woman with a gender recognition certificate is a man for the purposes of the Act.
The case was appealed to the Supreme Court, and last week, the court ruled that sex in the Equality Act means biological sex.
This means that a person will be considered as their biological sex for the purposes of the Equality Act, regardless of whether or not they have a gender recognition certificate.
I know that the women who brought this challenge have not always been treated with the respect they deserve.
This Government believe in freedom of speech and in the fundamental right to protest, but in no way does that extend to criminal damage.
There can be no excuse for defaced statues of feminist icons, no excuse for threats, and no excuse for harassment.
Such acts seek to drag down the debate, away from common sense   and the sensible view—held by the majority of the British public—that women need single-sex spaces, that those spaces should be protected, and that we can protect those spaces while treating trans people with respect as well.
As such, the certainty that this judgment brings is welcome.
Now, it is time to move forward.
There is now a need to ensure that this ruling is clear across a range of settings, from healthcare and prisons to sport and single-sex support groups.
The Equality and Human Rights Commission, as Britain’s equality regulator, is working quickly to issue an updated statutory code of practice to reflect this judgment,  and I look forward to reviewing that code of practice in  due course.