Conservative Members have been carping from the sidelines—they have been doing this for weeks now—and they have offered every criticism but not a single solution.
We would be forgiven for believing that they had not been in power for 14 years, when Birmingham was sent to the wall.
We are, of course, appreciative of our colleagues in the MOD for the support that they have offered, and the three logistics advisers have made a difference.
However, as they themselves have said, Birmingham is more than capable of making sure that the rounds are collected, and the trucks are on the road as of this week.
That mutual support is important.
I need to pull up  the hon.
Member for Thirsk and Malton (Kevin Hollinrake)  on a comment that he made earlier.
He spoke about the “humiliation” of collecting waste from the streets, and the “humiliation” of decent working-class people going out to provide a public service to millions of people across England.
It is not a humiliation; it is a public service, and one that is critical to our nation’s interests.
To say that the job is a humiliation— I would say that working-class people, the bin collectors across this country, take pride in their work, and they deserve more respect from the bloody Opposition.
I call the Chair of the Housing, Communities and Local Government Committee.
I associate myself with the Minister’s remarks on the passing of Pope Francis.
May his soul rest in perfect peace.
It is important for us to remember the innocent residents who are caught up in this dispute, and the fact that they have been suffering for many weeks without that refuse being collected.
I think about the many families who had to celebrate Eid while seeing all that rubbish continue to pile up.
In just over four weeks there will be another half term, and again many families will be at home.
It is important that the Government continue to work closely with Birmingham and all parties to make sure that this is resolved.
The Minister outlined some of the concerns around the funding pressures that councils of all political parties have faced over the past few years.
He will know that he and the Government have handed out exceptional financial support for a number of councils, and a number of councils continue to face challenges with their finances.
Can he assure the House that in discussions with Birmingham council and others, we will continue to support hard-working local government officers, ensuring that their finances are again fit and proper, so that we do not face situations such as the one we see in Birmingham?
I thank the Chair of the Select Committee for that question, which in a way goes to the heart of the fragile situation that we inherited as a Government.
After 14 years, Birmingham, and in fact many councils of all political stripes, had been sent to the wall by the previous Government.
The number of bankruptcy notices that were issued is testament to that.
We have been able to stabilise the sector through the recovery grant—the first time ever that that grant was issued, and Birmingham was the largest beneficiary.
We have given that city the support it needs, but we want to ensure that the progress we have seen over the past couple of weeks is maintained.
I completely appreciate that there were unacceptable scenes where waste has built up on people’s streets.
That is not okay in normal times, and it is certainly not okay in half term, when children are playing in their local parks and on their streets.
That is why we moved quickly to ensure that that waste was removed.
The fact that 26,000 tonnes has been removed shows the dedication of those frontline workers.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I refer the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.