For some of those individuals, the problems will relate partly to addiction issues.
It is  important that we trial and use methods that help people to cut their addiction and usage in order to stop them committing crimes fuelled by that addiction.
As I say, that will need a multi-layered response.
I am determined that we will crack down on the scourge of prolific offenders; that is the only strategy for cutting crime, and we are determined to pursue it.
We want to have measures that work, which is why I asked the sentencing review to consider them specifically.
What steps her Department is taking to support young offenders in Staffordshire.
This year, the Department will provide more than £1 million in funding to the Staffordshire youth offending team to supervise children and support them in turning their back on a life of crime.
At the election, we promised to take action to reduce youth offending, with a network of Young Futures hubs and a crackdown on antisocial behaviour which causes so much pain to my constituents and to people up and down our country.
Criminals must face the full force of the law, and young offenders cannot be a lost cause.
Will the Minister confirm that this Government will do whatever we can to divert young people away from a lifetime of crime?
My hon.
Friend is exactly right.
We must do whatever we can to move people away from a life of crime and keep the public safe.
This year, despite the fiscal challenges we inherited, we are investing more than £100 million in youth offending teams across the country to identify children and divert them away from crime.
With turnaround funding, Staffordshire youth offending team delivered skill-building activities for children in antisocial behaviour hotspots during a successful six-week summer programme.
rose—
Are we really sure that this question is linked to young people in Staffordshire committing crime?
It might not be about Staffordshire, but we also have young people in Devon.
We have a case in my constituency of a young offender who has been arrested multiple times and put under a court order, but the presumption is against incarceration because of his age.
Local residents tell me that there is a disaster waiting to happen—
Order.
The hon.
Member is not linking her question to the original, so we are going to move on.
What steps her Department is taking to help reduce levels of reoffending among young people.
What steps her Department is taking to help reduce levels of reoffending among young people.
The Government are determined to reduce youth reoffending as part of our safer streets mission.
Despite the huge fiscal challenges we inherited, we have been able to increase our core funding to youth offending teams across the country, allowing them to support children away from crime.
Constituents across my community of Loughborough, Shepshed and the villages have been facing the scourge of offroad bikes, often ridden by young reoffenders.
That causes havoc for residents, it is dangerous for pedestrians, and can be fatal for those who are on those bikes.
Those young reoffenders often have little else to do, as there are few education, training or employment opportunities, so can the Minister please set out how this Government will end the scourge of offroad bikes and reoffending, and how they will once again be tough on crime and tough on the causes of crime?
My hon.
Friend is exactly right.
In the past, antisocial behaviour has been too easily dismissed as low-level, but as he rightly describes, it can cause real distress and misery to our communities.
I am pleased that the new Crime and Policing Bill includes measures to enhance police powers to seize nuisance offroad bikes and other vehicles used in an antisocial manner.
Engineered Learning in Derby teaches welding skills to young people at risk of offending and reoffending.