First, in the Crime and Policing Bill this Government have removed the effective immunity from prosecution for thefts relating to values under £200, so we are already taking clear, definitive action to deal with the problems that the hon.
Gentleman sees in his constituency.
I will not pre-empt the findings of the sentencing review.
I am interested in how we ensure that those who he correctly described as career criminals turn their back on a life of crime, because in the end that is the best strategy for cutting crime and making our streets safer.
Tool theft has a devastating impact on tradespeople and their families across the country.
That is why I am pleased to support the shadow Justice  Secretary, Sidcup police, On The Tools, Checkatrade and others in tool-marking initiatives and raids at boot sales where stolen goods are normally sold, but there is more to do across the criminal justice system to tackle this issue.
Will the Government support Conservative amendments to the Crime and Policing Bill and ensure that these prolific offenders face tougher sentences and tradespeople get the justice they finally deserve?
I hope the hon.
Gentleman will welcome efforts on the Labour Back Benches relating to tool trade; my hon.
Friend  the Member for Portsmouth North (Amanda Martin)  has introduced a private Member’s Bill.
As I say, I will not pre-empt the findings of the sentencing review, but it is precisely because we take such offending very seriously that I asked the review to consider carefully interventions that will work in ensuring that offenders turn their backs on a life of crime, ultimately helping us to cut the crime that they cause, which creates victims in the process.
I know we all want to ensure that that is the case.
As far as specific amendments to the Crime and Policing Bill are concerned, I am sure that the Ministers responsible will respond in due course.
rose—
Following his engagement, I call Alistair Strathern.
Thank you, Mr Speaker—that is very kind.
In less encouraging news, far too many retailers across my towns and villages, including my local Morrisons, are being hit by repeated shoplifting, which is all too often driven by prolific offenders and criminal gangs.
How is the Secretary of State working with the Home Office to ensure that we are finally taking the scourge of shoplifting as seriously as we should?
As I said, we have already removed the effective immunity from prosecution for thefts relating to values under £200, reversing the previous Conservative Government’s policy in this area.
We will legislate to ensure that assault on a retail worker is a new offence in the Crime and Policing Bill, so we are already taking measures to help my hon.
Friend and his constituents with the issues they face.
As I say, it is because we take this type of offending particularly seriously that I asked the sentencing review to consider the specifics of prolific offenders.
Earlier this month, Bovis House in Hartlepool, which hosts a number of businesses, was robbed.
The people who did that were so well known that within minutes of the CCTV footage being put on social media, people were messaging me their names.
These are hyper-prolific offenders; tiny numbers of people are responsible for huge amounts of crime.
Does the Justice Secretary agree that the only solution is to lock them up for longer?
The solutions we pursue have to be shown to work.
In the end, we need solutions that will work, because these people are often locked up for considerable periods of time, and when they come back out they still offend again.
For some of those individuals, the problems will relate partly to addiction issues.
It is  important that we trial and use methods that help people to cut their addiction and usage in order to stop them committing crimes fuelled by that addiction.
As I say, that will need a multi-layered response.