This Government will offer trans people the dignity that too often they were denied by the Conservatives.
Too often, trans people were a convenient punchbag and the butt of jokes made in this place by the Conservatives, culminating rather shamefully in the previous Prime Minister standing at this Dispatch Box trying to score cheap laughs from his Back Benchers at the expense of vulnerable people.
By contrast, this Government are clear that trans people deserve safety, opportunity and respect.
This verdict is about clarity and coherence in the eyes of the law, but the Supreme Court judges delivered along with that verdict a vital reminder: this is not about the triumph of one group at the expense of another.
It is not about winners or losers, and it is not about us or them.
That is the message I want to reinforce today in this House.
Everyone in our society deserves dignity and respect.
Those values are not and never will be a zero-sum battle.
Dignity and respect for all—those are the values that lift us up and set us free.
Those are the values that define and distinguish any modern and compassionate society.
Those are the values that this Government will do everything to promote and protect, now and always.
I commend this statement to the House.
Before we begin, I am sure the whole House will wish to join me in remembering the life and service of His Holiness Pope Francis.
He was both a humble man and a charismatic leader who was unafraid to confront some of the greatest challenges facing the world.
He will be deeply missed by those of all faiths around the world, and in particular our thoughts are with members of the Roman Catholic community throughout the United Kingdom as they mourn his passing.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps her Department is taking to support female offenders.
What steps her Department is taking to support female offenders.
This Government’s plan to support women is clear and ambitious.
The aim is to reduce the number of women going to prison, and our Women’s Justice Board will lead on this.
Following Susannah Hancock’s review, which was published in March, this Government have acted to prevent girls from being held in young offenders institutions.
I have been very concerned to hear first-hand reports of female prisoners being handcuffed during childbirth, sometimes to male officers.
Does the Minister agree that there should be an independent investigation into the use of birth cuffing in women’s prisons across the country that consults all women who have been or may be affected?
My hon.
Friend refers to a shocking situation.
Our policy is clear that pregnant women should not be restrained during hospital appointments, except in the most exceptional circumstances.
There is an ongoing deep-dive review taking place into matters at HMP Bronzefield, commissioned by the prisons Minister in the other place.
I thank the Minister for his response.
In my constituency, Hope Street is doing incredible work to offer residential alternatives to custody for women.
We know that this model reduces the number of women being sent to prison, preventing separation from their children, who are likely to be taken into care, which we all know has a hugely detrimental impact.
Can the Minister share any plans to replicate and scale up the Hope Street model?
I agree with my hon.
Friend that for some women supported accommodation is very valuable.
Existing provision includes His Majesty’s Prison and Probation Service-led community accommodation services and third sector residential women’s centres, including Hope Street, which she rightly praises for its excellent work.
The Women’s Justice Board is exploring options to increase use of robust community alternatives to custody, including residential options where appropriate.