Will the Minister meet me and those working in the legal aid sector in North Norfolk to discuss what we can do to support those in need in areas such as mine?
I thank the hon.
Member for raising the issue of legal aid deserts, and I welcome his suggestion that he write to me about these things.
I regularly meet legal aid providers, and that is why we are investing an additional £6 million in legal support, which provides that early advice that can make a real difference in areas such as his.
Cornwall is a big rural legal aid desert.
We have many volunteers who would be prepared to help and Citizens Advice could act as an umbrella organisation.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how we can get some of that funding for access to legal aid in rural areas into Cornwall?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise the importance of early legal support and legal aid.
That is why we are investing in online provision.
As I have said, remote technology can make a real difference in areas such as hers.
Before I came to this place, I volunteered in a free legal advice centre, so I know just how much of a difference such institutions can make.
What recent assessment she has made of the adequacy of policies applying to bail conditions in domestic violence cases.
This Government have committed to halving violence against women and girls in a decade.
A broad range of bail conditions can be imposed to protect victims, including electronic monitoring for those who meet the remand threshold, exclusion zones and non-contact orders.
Suspects can also be remanded in prison.
I raise this issue following a meeting with a constituent whose case raises deep concerns that are more widely relevant.
First, bail conditions—sometimes weak, sometimes poorly enforced—do not always protect victims of domestic violence from further harassment by their abuser.
Secondly, despite the increase in the time limit to two years under the 2022 regulations, the six-month limit for prosecutions means that some cases time out.
Will the Minister meet me and my constituent to discuss what more can be done to ensure that victims of domestic abuse are fully protected from their abusers?
I thank the hon.
Member for raising this important issue from her constituency.
We know that more needs to be done in this area, and that is why this Government have started to roll out our domestic abuse protection orders to help victims of domestic abuse in selected areas.
We are seeing how that goes.
We are developing policy in this area to protect victims, and women and girls in particular.
I would be more than happy to meet her to discuss what more we can do.
Having spoken to Essex police and other professionals, and having worked for a homeless charity myself, I know that often the hardest part for victims of domestic violence is making the decision to leave what is sometimes the family home.
What work has the Minister done with the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government to address this issue?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this important issue.
Tackling violence against women and girls is not just a Ministry of Justice problem to fix, but a problem for every Government Department to fix.
That is why I have met with my counterparts across the Departments, including in MHCLG, to discuss housing needs.
We will be publishing our violence against women and girls strategy later this year, and I look forward to discussing it with him in due course.
What steps her Department is taking to help reduce levels of reoffending by people on probation.
I take this opportunity to recognise the excellent work that our probation staff do day in, day out.
Probation is an indispensable part of the criminal justice system, but the service currently faces significant pressures.