Up to 200 of them will lose up to £8,000, and that needs to be resolved.
I share the hon.
Member’s appreciation of community volunteers who are cleaning up the streets, just as I welcome the hard work of hundreds of frontline council workers who have stepped in.
Their efforts have meant that 26,000 tonnes of accumulated waste has now been cleared.
We can agree on that, at least.
On the question of when it is appropriate for the Government to offer support, it is when a major incident is declared.
As the hon.
Member will know, I have been in Birmingham every week since then.
There have  been daily update calls with the council, and we have been providing essential support to the council to clear up the city.
I thank the Minister for his efforts to keep Birmingham MPs informed on a cross-party basis during this dispute.
I would also like to associate myself with the condemnation of the publication of photographs of the houses of some of the parties to the dispute.
My residents in Birmingham Northfield want to see a service that is not the same as before the strike; it must be better, and I know the Minister shares that ambition.
We have heard today about the 1970s.
It is not so long ago that a Conservative Secretary of State stood at the Dispatch Box and said that he was delighted to announce 12% cuts to Birmingham’s budget—the sharpest of any unitary authority.
Does the Minister agree that the one word missing from the shadow Secretary of State’s question was “sorry”?
We have been here repeatedly for questions, statements and even urgent questions in the House, and on not a single occasion has the shadow Secretary of State or shadow Ministers accepted their role, after 14 years of government, in driving councils of all colours to the wall.
We need to bear in mind that commissioners were brought in under the previous Government, and Birmingham had to declare bankruptcy under the previous Government.
The only difference now is that it has a Government on side willing to meet it financially—that is why the recovery grant was so important—but also in spirit and through our actions, which is why we are working in partnership to clean up the streets and get Birmingham clean.
Which legacy is the Minister most proud of: rubbish and rats in Birmingham, or Labour’s breach of its promise to the electorate to freeze council tax?
I am sure that sounded a better question when it was being drafted this morning.
I do not think anyone takes pride in the strike action and the waste that accumulated on the streets.
This is a very serious issue.
It is unacceptable that a major incident had to be declared and that public health concerns were so prevalent.
That is why we took quick action.
It is why the streets have been cleaned to the tune of 26,000 tonnes, and it is why there are more daily collections taking place now in terms of tonnage than there were in routine times—to make sure they catch up and do not slip back—but we recognise that, in the end, the only solution is to deal with the underlying strike action that is causing the disruption.
I refer to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests.
I am a member of Unite, and I am very proud of that; I think four generations of my family have been members.
Not to rise to the provocations of Conservative Members, but there is a difference between having three military advisers and having troops on the streets.
The latter would be seen as an act of provocation and a worsening of the situation.
May I suggest that the Minister or the Secretary of State convenes the meetings between the council and the union to secure progress in the negotiations?