I thank my right hon.
Friend the Justice Secretary for the announcement she made today and the Government for listening to bereaved families and surviving victims.
It is only right that the inquiry is statutory to ensure that it has the power to compel witnesses and hold those responsible for failings to account.
What assurances can she give that the inquiry will be conducted in a timely manner and that the lessons it uncovers will be implemented swiftly to help ensure that similar attacks do not take place?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her comments, for her support and for assiduously representing the needs of her constituents.
As I said, the inquiry will be chaired by Her Honour Deborah Taylor, who is an experienced, senior retired judge.
I have every confidence in her.
She is already meeting the families of the victims and the survivors, and she has undertaken to ensure that the inquiry works at pace and makes its findings as quickly as possible.
May I press the Secretary of State on transcripts?
When I asked recently for a transcript of a major trial, Manchester Crown court told me that the cost would be £100,000; when pressed, that went down to £9,000, but that is still way beyond the reach of most people.
This is a travesty of justice.
Other countries, including some American states, have free transcripts available now.
When will she sort this out?
The right hon.
Member will know that the issue at the moment is that transcripts have to be physically transcribed by hand by a human listening back to what was said and done in court.
Speech-to-text transcription was piloted by the previous Government; it was not accurate enough.
I am sure he  will agree that any transcripts that are ultimately published have to be accurate.
That is why we are looking at AI models.
We hope to be able to find a model that gives us the requisite level of accuracy and speed to be able to publish transcripts, and to do so cheaply.
Children adopted from care or living under special guardianship are currently disproportionately at risk of entering the criminal justice system later in life if early trauma goes untreated.
Given the recent changes in the adoption and special guardianship support fund, what steps is the Lord Chancellor taking alongside Cabinet colleagues to ensure the availability of more equitable access to such support?
We know how vulnerable many children with care experiences are, and we are working closely with colleagues in the Department for Education to help reduce their risk of entering the criminal justice system.
The Government are committing £50 million to the adoption and special guardianship support fund this year.
Will the Minister take a special look at the problem of rogue builders who repeatedly target our constituents—often very vulnerable people?
They take thousands from them and wreck their homes, yet the only redress is said to be trading standards.
Surely that amounts to fraud and there ought to be a prosecution to follow.
If any crime is committed, or even alleged to have been committed, it should be reported to the police in the first instance.
Victims have rights under the victims code.
We have recently done a campaign to advertise the code to create awareness of it, and we will soon consult on the code so that it reaches all potential victims of crime more broadly.
I call the Chair of the Justice Committee.
I thank the Lord Chancellor for establishing the inquiry into the Nottingham attacks, but freedom of information requests by the charity Hundred Families disclosed last month that at least 392 mental health patients in England committed or were suspected of murder or manslaughter between 2018 and 2023.
The victims included Susan and Jeffrey Farrance, the elderly parents of my constituent.