Friend that for some women supported accommodation is very valuable.
Existing provision includes His Majesty’s Prison and Probation Service-led community accommodation services and third sector residential women’s centres, including Hope Street, which she rightly praises for its excellent work.
The Women’s Justice Board is exploring options to increase use of robust community alternatives to custody, including residential options where appropriate.
Project SHE in Somerset, run by the Nelson Trust, allows some women who have been arrested for the first time for low-level crime an alternative to court, working with offenders on rehabilitation and reducing the impact on the community and the criminal justice system.
What support is the Department providing for such schemes?
These schemes are very important.
The hon.
Member highlights a very good one, and the Department continues to support those sorts of schemes.
Does the Minister agree that counselling services are crucial in supporting female offenders as they address trauma, addiction and mental health challenges?
Furthermore, will she join me in commending the charity uHub in my constituency for its exceptional counselling services for young women?
The hon.
Member mentions an excellent counselling service in his constituency, which I praise.
These counselling services are crucial and a very important part of the system.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
It has been six days since the Supreme Court handed down its landmark judgment in the case brought by For Women Scotland—a judgment that confirms basic biological reality and protects women and girls.
It was a Conservative Government who brought in the policy to stop male offenders, however they identify, being held in the women’s estate, especially those convicted of violence or sexual offences.
Will the Lord Chancellor and her Ministers confirm that the Government will implement the Supreme Court judgment in full and that they will take personal responsibility for ensuring that it is in every aspect of our justice system, or do they agree with senior Ministers in their party who now appear to be actively plotting to undermine the Supreme Court’s judgment?
We inherited the current policy on transgender people in the prison service and we have continued the policy that the right hon.
Gentleman describes during our period in office.
In the light of last week’s Supreme Court ruling, the Department is reviewing all areas that could be impacted.
What assessment she has made of the effectiveness of the Sentencing Council.
The Sentencing Council does important work bringing consistency to judicial decision making, but it was clear in recent weeks that it had moved beyond that role to take in policy that is not mine and not the Government’s.
A review of the role and powers of the Sentencing Council is ongoing and I will legislate further if necessary.
Draft guidelines from the Sentencing Council now propose substantially lower sentences for immigration offences than levels agreed by Parliament, so will the Lord Chancellor call on the Sentencing Council to revise those guidelines, so that they align with the time periods agreed by Parliament?
The guidelines set a starting point for a sentence—that is usually the point of the guidelines.
Judges can sentence outside the guideline range if they believe that is in the interests of justice.
The guidelines set only a starting point, not an end point, which remains in the purview of judges sitting in their independent capacity in our courts.
We are not seeking to overturn the immigration guidelines.
In case there are hon.
Members who are labouring under misinformation, I should say that it is an important point of fact that foreign national offenders and immigration offenders who receive sentences of less than 12 months can still be deported, and under this Government they will be.
I call the Chair of the Justice Committee.
When it enacted the Coroners and Justice Act 2009, Parliament decided that the Sentencing Council should be chaired by a judicial member, appointed by the Lady Chief Justice.