I am happy to write to my hon.
Friend on the detail of the data collection and remind him that we have a sentencing review in process that will be looking at all of those things.
In a single week in Bradford, we have seen council leaders once again reject my calls for a full rape gangs inquiry.
An ex-police officer has been threatened with arrest for investigating these horrific crimes, and now a judge is blocking the release of official transcripts from a major rape gang trial in Bradford.
Can the Lord Chancellor explain why our justice system is being used to block the truth about these trials?
It is not appropriate in these difficult cases to misrepresent what the correct position is.
The Home Secretary has already set out our position in this House and answered questions on our approach to the grooming gangs issue and the local inquiries.
On court transcripts, we are piloting artificial intelligence technology for accuracy so that hopefully in the future we can produce transcripts.
At the moment, the costs are prohibitive and the accuracy of the technology that is available is just not there.
Restricted patients are mentally disordered offenders who are detained in hospital for treatment and are subject to special controls by the Justice Secretary.
What additional support is my right hon.
Friend’s Department providing to help mental health trusts to treat and rehabilitate these patients, so that they can be released from this secure environment in a timely manner?
My hon.
Friend asks a serious and difficult question.
The Mental Health Bill, introduced to Parliament last November, aims to stop restricted patients from languishing in hospital unnecessarily, while prioritising public protection and managing any risks.
The Department also works closely with clinicians and care teams to make decisions on restricted patients as quickly as possible, in line with the published guidelines.
Release on temporary licence is denied when people say nasty stuff on Twitter but granted for much more serious crimes.
Can the Secretary of State tell me when I can expect a satisfactory reply to an urgent ROTL case that I have already raised with the Prisons Minister and senior civil servants and that affects a grieving family in my constituency?
I will chase that up this afternoon and ensure that the hon.
Member gets a response as quickly as possible.
She will know that release on temporary licence is a mechanism that has governor supervision.
If people follow the rules in prison, they become eligible for release on temporary licence.
If they do not follow the rules, they are not eligible.
Can the Minister give an assessment of the potential merits of restricting triable either-way offences to summary trial, except for sentencing?
At a time when victims are waiting far too long for their day in court, it is right that we look at all options.
We have asked Sir Brian Leveson to consider all options in his review, including the reclassification of some offences to summary only.
We should all be really concerned that the Government have quietly abandoned their pledge to hold five local inquiries into grooming gangs.
The victims still need justice, the public still need answers, and we still need a full inquiry.
In the meantime, can the Minister tell us what specific actions—not just references to AI—her Department is taking to ensure full transparency and public confidence in the cases that do come to court?
Sentencing remarks are already available for some of those cases.
We have a robust judicial system that can handle difficult cases.
I have already dealt with concerns about transcripts.
The cost of full court transcripts is very prohibitive, which is why we are looking at technological solutions—AI in particular.
We have a number of pilots running.
The key thing is that we make sure that the transcripts are accurate so that the information put into the public domain reflects what was said and done in the courtroom.