I call the Chair of the Justice Committee.
I thank the Lord Chancellor for establishing the inquiry into the Nottingham attacks, but freedom of information requests by the charity Hundred Families disclosed last month that at least 392 mental health patients in England committed or were suspected of murder or manslaughter between 2018 and 2023.
The victims included Susan and Jeffrey Farrance, the elderly parents of my constituent.
Will the inquiry consider cases like that of the Farrances so that we can learn all lessons necessary to prevent these tragic and avoidable crimes?
I thank the Chair of the Justice Committee for raising an important issue for his own constituents that also has wider significance.
I will publish the full terms of reference and place them in the Libraries of both Houses very soon.
Regardless of whether the review goes into the specifics of every other type of case, I am sure that it will make findings on how such cases, particularly involving people with mental health conditions, are properly managed.
I am sure that those findings will be of interest not just to our Department but to others, and will be implemented by the Government in due course.
We have a case in my constituency of a young offender, well below 16, who is causing havoc—he has been arrested many times—and is not complying with a court order.
The assumption is against incarceration because of his age.
Will the Minister explain what work the Government are doing to crack down on prolific offending by young people well below 16 who are causing stress and fear in their local communities?
I am very happy to answer queries about that particular issue, if the hon.
Lady wishes to write to me.
The Government have increased the youth offending team budget this year and continue to invest in the turnaround programme.
As I said before, it has been shown that young people who are engaged in that programme have only a 5% chance of reoffending.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Housing, Communities and Local Government if she will make a statement on the disruption to waste collection and the deployment of the military in Birmingham.
Before I start, may I recognise, on his passing, the significant contribution of Pope Francis?
Also, as the Minister for Local Government in England, I wish everyone a happy St George’s day for tomorrow.
Members across the House will be aware of the continuing disruption caused by industrial action in Birmingham.
The Government have repeatedly called for Unite to call off the strikes and accept the fair deal that is on the table.
The commissioners and the council are undertaking the necessary reforms in the context of a challenging financial situation, with the legacy of equal pay, when women workers were systematically paid less than their male counterparts in similar roles.
Though the council must chart that course itself, our actions speak to our determination to ensure the welfare of the citizens of Birmingham.
We have been providing intensive support to the council in its efforts to address the backlog of waste that has been building up on the city’s streets, and significant progress has been made in the last fortnight through a concerted effort and with the assistance of other councils, private operators and the endeavour of many hundreds of determined workers, who have worked extremely long hours.
The result is that 26,000 tonnes of excess waste have been removed and levels are now approaching normal.
More than 100 bin trucks are out every day and regular bin collections have resumed.
The council continues to monitor the situation closely to ensure that waste does not build up again.
This is a Government who stand up for working people.
The industrial action is in no one’s interest because the deal on the table is a good deal.