The cost of full court transcripts is very prohibitive, which is why we are looking at technological solutions—AI in particular.
We have a number of pilots running.
The key thing is that we make sure that the transcripts are accurate so that the information put into the public domain reflects what was said and done in the courtroom.
Although the extra sitting days to reduce court delays announced by the Secretary of State are welcome, does the Minister agree that the state of the court estate needs some attention, as some courts are out of action due to disrepair issues?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
The other day I visited the Telford justice centre, where one of the courtrooms was out of use because of mould and a leaky roof.
The Government are making an additional capital investment of £20 million this year to maintain and restore our buildings so that they can be full and active for use.
We are also investing in new court buildings; from Blackpool to the City of London there will be new courts, and they will serve the public well.
The passing of Pope Francis was a profound loss.
Throughout his life, he was a passionate advocate for a justice system that put reconciliation at its heart.
With the publication of the independent sentencing review expected imminently, will the Government take this opportunity to move our justice system towards one that contains, in the words of Pope Francis, a “horizon of hope” and reintegration, and will they commit to restorative justice being placed at the heart of our justice system?
Restorative justice clearly has a role to play, but the principles of our sentencing review, with which I hope Members across the House can agree, are clear: there must always be a prison place available for people who are dangerous and need to be locked up, and we have to do more to help people to turn their back on a life of crime.
Compared with the same period in 2023, 21% more foreign national offenders have been removed since July 2024 when this Government came into office.
May   I congratulate the Lord Chancellor on this achievement and ask what the new funding announced to speed the process up will do to increase the numbers being removed?
We have already got off to a good start in the deportation of foreign national offenders from our prisons.
The new funding will enable more caseworkers to speed up the removal of even more FNOs.
I am very pleased that we have seen a higher number deported this year compared to the previous year, when the Conservatives were in office.
A British mother in my constituency, having fled domestic abuse, faces forced return to Poland to stay with her young children under the Hague convention on the civil aspects of international child abduction.
With no knowledge of the local language and no source of income there, she risks either dependence on her abuser or homelessness.
That is because the convention ignores the issue of domestic abuse, allowing it to be manipulated by abusers.
Would Ministers support my Bill on the Hague abduction convention and domestic abuse, which I will present soon and which would change the implementation of the Hague convention in UK domestic law to protect mothers from the threat of return in this way?
I will happily meet the hon.
Member to discuss her Bill and tackle this issue head on.
I thank my right hon.
Friend the Justice Secretary for the announcement she made today and the Government for listening to bereaved families and surviving victims.
It is only right that the inquiry is statutory to ensure that it has the power to compel witnesses and hold those responsible for failings to account.