Not to rise to the provocations of Conservative Members, but there is a difference between having three military advisers and having troops on the streets.
The latter would be seen as an act of provocation and a worsening of the situation.
May I suggest that the Minister or the Secretary of State convenes the meetings between the council and the union to secure progress in the negotiations?
There has been almost daily communication with the council, and the trade unions have made representations, too, but we need to be clear about appropriate roles and responsibilities, and about the lines of accountability.
The council, not the Government, is the employer of the workforce in Birmingham, and it is for the employer and the employees to reach an agreement that both can accept.
We urge both parties to negotiate in good faith.
We believe that the deal on the table is a good deal.
The right hon.
Gentleman is correct to say that workers have the right to make their representations, but the council has to take into account all its workforce, including over 7,000 women, who historically were paid far less than their male counterparts for equivalent roles.
That is the foundational issue at the heart of the dispute.
Despite assurances from the Dispatch Box before the Easter recess, we continue to see piles of rubbish on the streets in Birmingham.
The costs are mounting, and the rats—the squeaky blinders—continue to roam the streets of Britain’s second city freely, so I ask the Minister again: what are his Government and Labour-run Birmingham city council doing to bring an end to the strike?
Enough is enough—residents want an end to the situation.
Work is still taking place.
I should address the question about rodents, because that is a serious issue.
Nobody wants to see rats in the streets, particularly around the accumulated waste.
We welcome the council’s decision to suspend the charge for calling out pest control, so that households that report rodents are not financially disadvantaged.
On the Government’s response to the situation, from day one we said that the accumulated waste was unacceptable and a public health hazard.
The Government stepped in to support the council, to ensure that we could get more trucks out of the depot, increase the amount of waste collected and regularise the number of routine collections.
I am pleased that progress has been made, but what will ultimately resolve the dispute is the trade unions and the council reaching an agreement that brings the strike action to an end.
On the promotion of Leeds United, I call Richard Burgon.
I take that as congratulations from the Speaker of the House of Commons on the promotion of Leeds United, so thank you very much, Mr Speaker. [
Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear!”]
That seems to be the most popular thing I have said in the House for some time.
I am proud to be a Unite member and a trade union member.
I remember the 2009 Leeds bin strike, when the Conservative and Lib Dem-run council tried to cut the bin workers’ pay by up to £6,000.
A three-month strike followed that was ultimately successful.
Having listened to the points made by Members from across the Chamber, I would say that it is always wrong to castigate trade unions as being the enemy within.
They are an important part of our civil democracy.
It is not union officials who called this strike—or any strike—but trade union members, so here Unite the Union means the bin workers.
It is really important that we do not allow trade unions and trade unionism to be demonised in this dispute, or any other.
We can certainly agree that people have the right to strike, but people also have the right to go to work.