Will this Government and the Minister commit to reversing the parental presumption where there are concerns about child abuse?
As I have stated, the child’s welfare must be the court’s paramount consideration.
The presumption of parental involvement states that a court should
“presume, unless the contrary is shown, that involvement of that parent in the life of the child will further the child’s welfare.”
I take this opportunity to state, however, that that applies only if the parent does not put the child at risk of harm.
We will publish our review of the presumption in due course.
What recent assessment she has made of the effectiveness of the standard determinate sentences 40% early release scheme.
The last Government left our prisons in crisis.
We came within days of running out of space entirely, and the emergency release programme was designed to stop that crisis happening.
Numbers are rising again, which is why this Government are committed to building 14,000 prison places by 2031,  compared with the 500 that the last Conservative Government added in 14 years, and to reforming sentencing so that we never run out of prison places again.
Last month, the Prisons Minister said that the longest time that an early-released prisoner had been left to wander the streets without an electronic tag was 53 days.
However, just over a week ago, it was reported that prisoners have not been tagged for up to 78 days.
Can the Secretary of State please clarify this apparent inconsistency?
We were transparent with the House about the problems with tagging during the second tranche of emergency releases last year.
I will ensure that we publish the correct information, and I can write to the hon.
Lady with the exact figures, but we have been holding Serco to account, because its performance on its contract has been unacceptable.
We have levied fines, and we have said that all options are on the table for any further action that we might need to take.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
One of the dying acts of the last Conservative Government was to shake hands with Serco on an electronic tagging contract that Channel 4’s “Dispatches” found was completely inadequate.
People with serious convictions were left without tags for days and weeks.
Victims and survivors were failed, including survivors of those released early under the SDS40 scheme.
What will the Secretary of State do to hold Serco to account for these failures, and to clear up the mess that was fundamentally created by the failures of the last Government?
The hon.
Member is right: this is one of the many difficult inheritances left for us by the previous Conservative Government.
The contract with Serco was agreed by the previous Conservative Administration.
We acknowledge that the performance of Serco has been unacceptable.
We have already been closely monitoring—day by day—its performance and delivery under the contract, and we have imposed fines for poor performance.
Some of the issues relating to the SDS40 emergency releases were ultimately dealt with after close oversight by officials and Ministers, and we continue to monitor the contract very closely.
As I have said, should further fines or other measures be required, all options are on the table.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help tackle intimate image abuse.
We are introducing new offences of taking intimate images without consent and installing equipment with intent to commit such offences.
We are also criminalising creating deepfake intimate images without consent.
I proudly co-chair the violence against women and girls ministerial group, which oversees a cross-Government approach to tackling VAWG, including online abuse.
I thank the Minister for her answer.
Sexually explicit deepfakes are a scourge on our society, whether it is young boys in their bedrooms making them of their fellow pupils and teachers, or those who create explicit images of celebrities to order.