With prisons over 99% full, we took immediate action to prevent the collapse of the prison system by changing the automatic release point for standard determinate sentences.
We are building 14,000 new prison places, and we published our 10-year capacity strategy in December.
However, we know that we cannot build our way out of this crisis, which is why we have also launched an independent sentencing review to ensure that we will never run out of places again.
As Ministers will know from previous questions about Parc Prison, parents in Newport East have very serious concerns about the welfare of family members there, with worrying reports continuing to emerge in recent months.
Can the Minister give an update on any progress being made on prison safety, mental health support and drug interception since Parc has been receiving targeted support?
Safety in prisons is a key priority, and we are working hard to make prisons as safe as possible.
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight the concerns at Parc.
I have recently visited HMP Parc, as has the Under-Secretary of State for Justice, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Pontypridd (Alex Davies-Jones) , and the Prisons Minister in the other place.
On that visit, I saw how seriously the director is taking these issues and engaging closely with families on their very real concerns.
The catastrophic security failure at HMP Frankland has exposed the danger that terrorist prisoners can pose to prison officers and other inmates across the prison estate.
Will the independent review also examine the culture of gang-related violence and intimidation that have contributed to such incidents in our prisons?
There is an ongoing audit of all the review’s recommendations.
Our thoughts remain with our brave prison officers who were attacked, and with the victims of the Manchester Arena bombing and their families, who are understandably concerned by the shocking events in HMP Frankland.
My right hon.
Friend the Lord Chancellor took immediate action to set a review in place.
I call the shadow Minister.
Personal protective equipment is now worn in all kinds of jobs where people may have to deal with dangerous situations.
As Professor Acheson has said, it is
“staggering that frontline police staff working in conditions of far greater peril…are not issued with stab vests capable of stopping an attack with a bladed weapon.”
We should all be ensuring that our prison officers come home safe to their loved ones.
Unions have called for this measure, and I can assure the Minister that they have the full support of those on the Opposition side of the House.
Will he act—not in two months or six months, but now—to protect prison officers before it is too late?
That is part of the review that has been announced.
My right hon.
Friend the Lord Chancellor is meeting the Prison Officers Association tomorrow.
These things need to be done rightly and properly, and that is what will happen with this Government.
I thank the Minister for his answer, but I suggest that this is something we should just get on with—it is common sense.
There is a more fundamental issue.
Perhaps I can invite the Minister to provide his assessment of the relative threats provided by different ideological extremists in prisons, which may be fuelling such violence.
Islamist terror suspects make up the vast majority of MI5’s caseload.
Do they also make up the majority of radicalising criminals in our prison estate?
The hon.
Gentleman urges us to get on with it.
By my reckoning, the Conservative party had 14 years to get on with it.
We are getting on with it.
We set up the snap review straightaway. [
Interruption.] “
It’s not party political,” he says.
Well, people might judge that for themselves by listening to the sort of questioning we have had today.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Key agents of reform in our prisons are prison officers.