Three times—[Interruption.]
I will repeat myself: Labour MPs voted against the reasoned amendment to the children’s Bill; in Committee, they voted against that Bill; and they voted against the Crime and Policing Bill in Committee.
They voted against a national inquiry and, at Prime Minister’s questions, the Prime Minister repeatedly ruled out a national inquiry, to the cheers of all the Labour MPs who are now pretending that they believed in an inquiry all along.
No doubt, in her response to me, the Home Secretary will try to claim that the previous Government did nothing—a wholly false assertion that she should not  repeat today.
The Conservative Government took extensive action, starting with the original Jay report, commissioned in 2014 by the then Home Secretary, Theresa May.
A year later, she commissioned the independent investigation into child sexual abuse, and Sajid Javid commissioned ethnicity data collection in 2018.
It is wrong to claim, as the Home Secretary did, that ethnicity data collection had not been done.
I remind her that the Foreign Secretary criticised Sajid Javid at the time, saying that he was bringing the office of Home Secretary “into disrepute”, and that he was pandering to the far-right for doing exactly what the Home Secretary says she will now do.
They should be ashamed of themselves.
We accepted all the recommendations made by the independent inquiry into child sexual abuse in 2022, except the recommendation to have a new Cabinet Minister, which would not have made any difference at all to the victims of this scandal.
The Home Secretary claimed that the recommendations sat on the shelf, but let me be clear that we went further than those recommendations.
It was the Conservatives who established the grooming gangs taskforce, which supported police forces to make 807 arrests for group-based child sexual exploitation last year, so do not tell me that we did nothing.
It is vital that this inquiry is robust, swift and, above all, independent.
There are legitimate concerns about institutions investigating themselves, especially as some of the most egregious cases of institutional failure occurred in Labour-controlled authorities. [
Interruption.]
Labour Members can moan as much as they like, but the people out there believe that is why nothing has happened yet.
In Greater Manchester, Operation Augusta was prematurely shut down.
In Rotherham, which has been under continuous Labour control since 1974, we saw repeated failures.
In Telford, where Labour has predominantly held power, the current MP,  the hon.
Member for Telford (Shaun Davies) , initially rejected calls for an inquiry while serving as council leader.
This inquiry must have teeth.
It must start with known hotspots such as Bradford and Rochdale, and I commend my hon.
Friend  the Member for Keighley and Ilkley (Robbie Moore)  for his persistent advocacy on this issue.
We need clear commitments.
For example, will the inquiry examine the role of ethnicity in these crimes, confronting hard truths about potential cover-ups motivated by fears of appearing racist? [
Interruption.]
There is no point in Labour Members muttering—the Home Secretary said it herself.
I spoke to the father of a survivor just this morning, and he told me that survivors need to have someone who is independent and who they can go to and trust.
It is no use them being forced to speak to the same authorities who ignored them in the first place.
Will this inquiry ensure that no one, whether police officers, councillors or council officials, is beyond scrutiny?
The Government’s approach to the Casey review itself raises serious concerns.
While the review’s findings are crucial, we as legislators are sent here to make decisions, not to outsource the difficult ones.
The Prime Minister has waited months for someone to take this decision for him.
That is the kind of dithering and delay that the survivors complained about.
We need answers to the following questions.