Given that the statutory override expires in March 2026, does the Secretary of State agree that a White Paper in autumn 2025 provides far too little time for the Government to implement meaningful change without extending the override further, and when does she expect local authorities to be able to have the certainty that they need to plan for the coming financial year?
I agree that in addition to longer-term reform, which the White Paper will deliver, it is imperative that we take action now in order to make sure that the school system better caters for children with a wide range of needs.
That is why we have invested £740 million to support councils to create more specialist provision in mainstream schools.
I have seen some fantastic examples right across the country, and we need to see more.
On the precise question about the statutory override, we want to make sure that councils are better supported through the process, and we will set out our position very soon.
One of the best ways to support autistic children in schools is for teachers to go through mandatory training and to understand better the challenges that faced by neurodiverse people.
How is the neurodivergent taskforce progressing, and will the Government bring in mandatory training for new teachers?
We are introducing more training on SEND for new entrants to the profession.
That will take effect from September, but there is more that we need to do, including supporting teachers and staff  already working in our schools.
That is part of the work that the group has under way, and we will set out more through the White Paper.
I welcome the right hon.
Gentleman’s interest in the issue; I know he cares very much about making sure that all children, including those who are neurodivergent, have the support that they need to thrive, which is what this Government are determined to deliver.
I thank the Secretary of State for her comments about the need to address the topic of SEND with great sensitivity, as we risk stigmatising entire families and generations who are affected so adversely by this issue.
In rural constituencies like Suffolk Coastal, the SEND crisis is incredibly severe and acute for many reasons.
Is the Secretary of State looking at the decline in population that we face in many of our rural primary schools, and at how that extra capacity could be a huge resource and opportunity in tackling the SEND crisis?
I agree that in areas where we are seeing space opening up in the schools estate, it is allowing us to do things like open more school-based nurseries.
It also provides us with the opportunity to deliver more specialist provision in mainstream schools.
I have seen some brilliant examples, right across the country, of where that can be delivered.
I have also seen brilliant examples that involve the mainstream sector working together with the specialist sector to improve training for staff in order to improve provision overall.
This is a big challenge—one that many Members from across the House want to see put in a much better place.
We will all have heard anguished tales from parents who have had to fight incredibly hard for the support that their children need.
Alongside that, we will all have heard that many staff in our schools feel that they currently lack the training and support they need to ensure that all children are able to thrive, and this Government are determined to change that.
I call the shadow Minister.
Asked whether the Government were planning to restrict EHCPs so that they apply only to children in special schools, the Government’s strategic adviser on SEND, Christine Lenehan, recently said:
“I think, to be honest, that’s the conversation we’re in the middle of.”
Is she correct to say that Ministers are considering that, or not?