Ministers recently announced that they were axing level 7 apprenticeships.
Strangely, they made the announcement during recess; and also strangely, it was only the day after the announcement that they finally answered my parliamentary question from April, revealing that they were making a 90% cut in those apprenticeships.
This is  blowing a huge hole in the NHS workforce plan, leading to a shortfall of 11,000 nurses.
If Ministers will not listen to the many employers saying that this will make it much more difficult for people who are not so well-off to get into the professions, will they at least rule out cutting level 6 apprenticeships next?
I can reassure the shadow Minister that level 6 apprenticeships are a core part of our offer, and we will continue to fund them.
I also say politely to him that we will take no lessons from Liz Truss’s previous Health Minister; that Government left our NHS on its knees, and we are having to rebuild it from its foundations again.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
The number of health visitors in England has reached an all-time low, with just 7,000 remaining, and there is a forecast shortfall of 37,000 community nurses by 2036.
The Department’s own Skills England sectoral report shows that the health and social care sectors face the highest vacancy rates, at 41%.
Has there been any specific assessment of how removing level 7 apprenticeship funding for those over 21 will impact the pipeline of specialist community public health nurses into critical shortage roles, and is Skills England working with the Department of Health on NHS workforce planning?
Skills England is taking a pivotal and active role.
Also, of the 2.5 million workers in critical demand occupations, which includes the NHS, the majority require a qualification lower than degree level.
We are rebalancing opportunities towards younger people, whose rates of apprenticeship starts have fallen more dramatically than the overall decline over the last decade.
To create more opportunities for young people, we will need to prioritise public funding towards those at the start of their working career and at the lower apprenticeship levels, rather than those who are already in work with higher levels of prior learning or qualifications.
What recent assessment her Department has made of the adequacy of outdoor education provision in the national curriculum.
It is important for young people to enjoy the benefits of spending time in nature, as part of a balanced curriculum.
Beyond the curriculum, the Department is also working on an enrichment framework to support schools in developing their offer, which includes a variety of outdoor education opportunities.
Our National Education Nature Park initiative also aims to support young people’s wellbeing and develop skills for the future.
Learning in the outdoors allows children and young people to build their confidence and push their boundaries in a safe but challenging environment, yet all too often young people from more deprived communities, including in my constituency, do not have access to opportunities such as the Duke of Edinburgh’s award.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss what more  can be done to support schools in rolling out the Duke of Edinburgh’s award across Bolton, Blackrod, Horwich and Westhoughton?
I join my hon.
Friend in recognising the value of outdoor pursuits and the value of the Duke of Edinburgh’s award, which I benefited from taking part in myself when I was at school.
The Department has funded 300 schools in areas of high deprivation to start offering the award, and the Department for Culture, Media and Sport is providing funding of a further £1.5 million this financial year to extend the scheme.
My hon.
Friend is of course keen to ensure that his constituents benefit and I would be delighted to meet him to discuss that further.
I thank the Minister very much for her answers.
Worryingly, obesity levels are predicted to rise between 20% and 30% in the next five to 10 years.