In Rossendale and Darwen, the Valley leadership academy is a vital school serving some of our most disadvantaged communities, yet it was recently identified as a stuck school following successive “requires improvement” Ofsted assessments.
The staff and leadership at the school are working incredibly hard to drive improvement, and we are starting to see positive signs.
Will the Minister therefore please update me on what Labour is doing to support them?
Labour is delivering a new era of high and rising school standards, because we know that when standards slip it is disadvantaged children who suffer, and we will not let that happen.
That is why Labour’s regional improvement for standards and excellence teams are spearheading a stronger, faster system, prioritising stuck schools, sending in advisers with a proven track record of turning schools around, and backing that up with up to £20 million—
Order.
May I invite the Secretary of State to come and visit the outstanding Market Field special school in my constituency, which was rebuilt and dramatically expanded under the Conservatives?
I have been listening to what she has been saying about expanding special needs provision.
Will she give an assurance that the number and capacity of special schools will continue to be expanded and that we will not return to the failed policy of the previous Labour Government?
I assure the hon.
Gentleman that we will ensure that we have the right numbers of specialist placements in the parts of the country where they are needed.
Our capital budget in the spending review will allow us to do that.
But alongside that, we need to ensure that we have more specialist provision in mainstream, including partnership with the specialist sector, to train and support the workforce to make that a reality.
Does the Minister agree that plans to make all children in households in receipt of universal credit eligible for free school meals will build on the Government’s brilliant work to tackle pupil absence?
The incredible numbers I have heard mentioned about this academic year are 140,000 fewer children persistently absent and 3 million extra days in school.
I completely agree with my hon.
Friend.
Providing over half a million children from the most disadvantaged backgrounds with a free, nutritious lunch every school day will lead to higher attainment, improved behaviour and better outcomes, including on attendance, meaning that children can get the best possible education and a chance to succeed in life.
Although the Department is providing some extra funds to meet the additional costs of NICs in schools, those with a high number of SEND pupils such as All Saints’ primary in Maldon will still receive less than 50% of the increase.
Will the Secretary of State look again at that aspect, which is another disincentive for mainstream schools taking SEND pupils?
In wider reform later this year through the schools White Paper—including to the SEND system—we will look at every way in which we can improve outcomes for children, including those with SEND.
That will include looking at the funding mechanisms we inherited from the Conservative party.
I set up the Corby and east Northants SEND roundtable to help seek solutions to fix the broken system.
One of the outcomes of the discussions was the need to improve SEND provision in our mainstream schools.
What is the Minister doing to engage with teachers to make schools more inclusive and maximise the potential of every child?
We are investing significantly to make mainstream schools more inclusive for SEND students.
By strengthening our evidence of effective inclusive practice, we are equipping teachers with proven tools and strategies to deliver excellent inclusive education supported by expert teaching and a world-class curriculum.
We will set out more details in our White Paper in the autumn.
Scottish education was once the envy of the world, but under the SNP it is being destroyed.
Data shows that a quarter of 11-year-olds in Scotland are not achieving expected literacy levels.