Member will know that ensuring schools and colleges get the resources and buildings they need is a key part of our mission to break down barriers to opportunity and ensure every young person can succeed and thrive.
I would be very happy to meet him to discuss these issues further.
I thank the Minister for having taken the time to meet me and hear the case for Saint Benedict school to be rebuilt to be more sustainable, safe and secure.
The neighbouring primary school, St Mary’s, is the greenest in the UK and an incredible example of what a rebuild can do to inspire young minds.
Will the Minister visit both schools to see, on the one hand, what has already been achieved in Derby, and on the other, the amazing opportunity we have to achieve so much more?
I was very pleased to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss Saint Benedict, which will benefit from transformed buildings through the school rebuilding programme.
This Government have committed to continue and expand that programme to improve the school estate and give children the best start in life.
I know that my hon.
Friend is a real champion on these issues, and I would be very happy to discuss them further.
What steps she is taking to expand school-based nurseries.
What steps she is taking to expand school-based nurseries.
What steps she is taking to expand school-based nurseries.
What steps she is taking to increase the number of school-based nursery places.
School-based nurseries are a key part of delivering on our plan for change by making high-quality early years education more accessible and affordable, so that every child gets the best start in life.
At the spending review, we announced almost £370 million for school-based nurseries, on top of the £37 million already awarded to schools.
The Tories left a childcare pledge without a plan, but this Labour Government are delivering on promises made to families, saving working parents up to £7,500 a year.
The Government have announced £37 million for the first round of schools to expand nursery provision, supporting the roll-out of the extended 30 hours childcare offer in England, but the Public Childcare Now campaign points out that nearly two thirds of the funded schools are part of multi-academy trusts.
While we are fortunate not to have academies in Wales, concerns remain that this model encourages privatisation, reduces accessibility and undermines staff pay and conditions, contributing to greater educational fragmentation.
What assurances can the Minister offer that expanding entitlements without investing in public infrastructure will not exacerbate these issues?
I am delighted that so many academies are taking part in our school nursery programme.
Academies drive innovation across our system and are an important part of the system we have.
Of course, it was the last Labour Government who first brought about the academies programme to drive up performance in our schools and to make sure that all our children get a brilliant education.
Sadly, we know that after 14 years of the Tories, far too many children, including in our most disadvantaged communities, do not get the education they deserve.
That is why our schools White Paper later this year will make it a reality once and for all that they do.
Swallow Dell primary in Welwyn Garden City is a fantastic school.
I have had the privilege of meeting the leadership team, who are ambitious for every single child.
They have a state nursery as part of the school, but they are seeking to expand, and unfortunately their bid was rejected in the last round.
I am passionate and hopeful that this school might be able to benefit from the £370 million of additional funding, not least because one in three children attending Swallow Dell is eligible for free school meals.
My right hon.
Friend knows my constituency well, and she is welcome to visit.