Baroness Casey is not recommending another overarching inquiry of the kind conducted by Professor Alexis Jay.
She recommends that the inquiry be time-limited, and its purpose must be to challenge what the audit describes as continued denial, resistance and legal wrangling among local agencies.
We will set out further details on the national inquiry in due course.
I warned in January that the data collection we inherited from the previous Government on ethnicity was completely inadequate; the data was collected on only 37% of suspects.
Baroness Casey’s audit confirms that ethnicity data is not recorded for two thirds of grooming gang perpetrators, and that the data is
“not good enough to support any statements about the ethnicity of group-based child sexual exploitation offenders at the national level.”
I agree with that conclusion.
Frankly, it is ridiculous and helps no one that this basic information is not collected, especially as there have been warnings and   recommendations stretching back 13 years about the woefully inadequate data on perpetrators, which prevents patterns of crime from being understood and tackled.
The immediate changes to police recording practices that I announced in January are starting to improve the data, but we need to go much further.
Baroness Casey’s audit examined local data in three police force areas—Greater Manchester, West Yorkshire and South Yorkshire —where high-profile cases involving Pakistani-heritage men have long been investigated and reported.
She found there that the suspects of group-based child sexual offences were disproportionately likely to be Asian men.
She also found indications of disproportionality in serious case reviews.
Although much more robust national data is needed, we cannot and must not shy away from those findings.
As Baroness Casey says,
“ignoring the issues, not examining and exposing them to the light, allows the criminality and depravity of a minority of men to be used to marginalise whole communities”.
The vast majority of people in our British Asian and Pakistani-heritage communities continue to be appalled by these terrible crimes, and agree that the criminal minority of sick predators and perpetrators in every community must be dealt with robustly by criminal law.
Baroness Casey’s review also identifies prosecutions and investigations into perpetrators who are white British, European, African or middle eastern, just as Alexis Jay’s inquiry concluded that all ethnicities and communities were involved in appalling child abuse crimes.
So that there is accurate information to help tackle serious crimes, we will, for the first time, make it a formal requirement to collect ethnicity and nationality data in all cases of child sexual abuse and exploitation.
We will also commission new research on the cultural and social drivers of child sexual exploitation, misogyny and violence against women and girls, as Baroness Casey has recommended.
The audit’s final group of recommendations is about the continued failure of agencies that should be keeping children safe to share vital information or act on clear signs of risk.
Worryingly, the audit finds that although the number of reports to the police of child sexual abuse and exploitation has gone up, the number of child sexual abuse cases identified for protection plans by local children’s services has fallen to its lowest ever, but no one has been curious about why that is.
The audit also details an abysmal failure to respond to 15 years of recommendations and warnings about the failings of inter-agency co-operation.
We will act at pace to deliver Baroness Casey’s recommendations for mandatory information-sharing between agencies, and for unique reference numbers for children, building on work already being taken forward by my right hon.
Friend the Education Secretary.
My right hon.
Friend the Transport Secretary will also work at pace to close loopholes in taxi licensing laws.
I want to respond to three other important issues identified by Baroness Casey in her report, but on which she has not made specific recommendations.
On support for victims, my right hon.