We have the most robust export licensing regime in the world, and I am proud of that.
That was a matter that this House voted on just a few years ago under the last Government, and the right hon.
Gentleman will know that we made a decision to restrict arms sales to Israel that could be used in Gaza.
I also refer him to the statements that I have made about Iran’s nuclear intent, the work of the IAEA, the huge global concern and the UN resolution that the UK did so much to secure last Thursday.
I call to mind the work of the IAEA, and refer my hon.
Friend to the resolution of the UN Security Council just last week, all of which confirmed Iran’s intent and its deception.
Ordered,
That there be laid before this House an Account of the Contingencies Fund 2024-25, showing:
(1) A Statement of Financial Position
(2) A Statement of Cash Flows and
(3) Notes to the Accounts; together with the Report of the Comptroller and Auditor General thereon.—(Vicky Foxcroft.)
The Secretary of State was asked—
What assessment she has made of the potential implications for her policies of StandWithUs UK’s “Voice of Students 2024/25” report on antisemitism on university campuses.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for highlighting the report by StandWithUs UK.
Antisemitism has no place in our lecture halls, campuses and universities, and no place in our society.
Universities must be places where all students feel safe and respected, and are able to thrive.
A week ago today, I brought together university vice-chancellors and community leaders to hear testimonials from Jewish students, and to discuss next steps to ensure safer and more inclusive campuses for all our students.
What StandWithUs UK sets out in its report into antisemitism and support for terrorism at British universities is a source of national shame.
It is high time that we heeded the stipulation in the International Holocaust Remembrance Alliance’s definition that so-called anti-Zionism is nothing less that anti-Jewish racism.
I urge the Secretary of State to reiterate that crucial point and ask whether she will commit to enacting the report’s important recommendations, including introducing a framework of escalating financial penalties for universities that fail to safeguard their Jewish students from such hateful intolerance and extremism.
I am grateful to the hon.
Gentleman for raising that incredibly important issue that we, as a Government, take extremely seriously, because no student should be subject to antisemitism on universities campuses or in any place in our education system.
That is why we have committed £7 million of funding to address antisemitism in education.
Half a million pounds of that has already been awarded to University Jewish Chaplaincy to support student welfare on university campuses.
That runs alongside the new condition of registration from the Office for Students that will ensure we protect students from harassment and discrimination.
Given my experience of working with the Holocaust Educational Trust in schools in Mansfield, I ask the Secretary of State to confirm that the history of the Holocaust will be taught in schools following the passage of the Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill, which the Conservatives opposed.
I can give that confirmation to my hon.
Friend.
I join him in paying tribute to the Holocaust Educational Trust for its work to shine a light on antisemitism at the moment in our country, but also to ensure that we learn the lessons of history.
I say to my hon.
Friend that yes, we have given that undertaking, ahead of the conclusion of the curriculum and assessment review, to ensure that all our young people learn and understand the lessons of the Holocaust, which are more important now than was ever the case.
What estimate she has made of the potential impact of increases in employer national insurance contributions on the number of redundancies in schools.