We supported its conclusions, but the Leader of the Opposition’s party did absolutely nothing to implement them.
Time and again, recommendations just sat on the shelf, and it has taken this Government to bring forward the mandatory  duty to report.
She says that we should ensure that people who have engaged in cover-ups are prosecuted.
I agree, which is why the Labour party is changing the law to make that possible, so that cover-ups cannot happen and people are held to account.
The Leader of the Opposition also knows that in the vote she referred to, what she wanted to do—the amendment she tabled—would have wrecked the Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill.
That Bill includes two of Baroness Casey’s recommendations to strengthen child protection, recommendations that the Leader of the Opposition and her party refused to introduce over 14 years.
I am sorry that she chose not to join in the apology to victims and survivors for decades of failure in 2022.
That apology was a cross-party one, which, if she really had victims’ interests and the national interest at heart, it should be again.
I listened with cold fury to what was coming out of the mouth of the Leader of the Opposition, because much of it was beneath contempt.
I commend the Home Secretary for her statement and for commissioning a fiercely independent figure such as Louise Casey to conduct this national audit, without which we would not have had today’s outcome.
In Rochdale, we know all too well how many years it has taken for victims to get the justice they deserve.
They have waited many, many years to see these sick criminals locked up and put behind bars.
Only last week, we had seven more of these perverts locked up in Rochdale, which is a testament to the police and the prosecution who finally got those cases together.
However, the victims also want accountability for anyone in a position of authority, as the Home Secretary has said—anyone who found out about this, or knew about it, and failed to act.
Does she agree that no councillor from any political party, no social worker, no police officer, no council officer and no ethnic group should hide from the fierce scrutiny of this national inquiry?
My hon.
Friend is right to raise the appalling case in his constituency, where seven people were convicted on Friday.
He will also know that further criminal investigations are still ongoing—it is shameful how long it has taken to get justice for those victims.
I agree with him that no one can hide from justice on this appalling issue, on which victims and survivors have been let down for far too long.
I hope that supporting that aim will be a cross-party process.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Child sexual abuse and exploitation are among the most abhorrent crimes imaginable, and we must all support every effort to deliver justice for victims and prevent these vile acts from happening again.
It is, of course, right that the Government follow the recommendations of Baroness Casey’s report, including a new national inquiry.
Survivors must be at the heart of this process.
Their voices, experiences and insights must shape both the inquiry and its outcomes, and I would welcome hearing more from the Home Secretary about how she intends to ensure survivors are heard, are respected, and—essentially—are allowed to build on their existing testimony without being asked to repeat themselves and relive their abuse again and again.
The seven-year inquiry into child sexual abuse, chaired by Professor Alexis Jay, delivered its final report in 2022, and the Government at the time delivered none of its recommendations, leaving survivors waiting for justice.
In her remarks, the Home Secretary mentioned two of Professor Jay’s recommendations being introduced through the Crime and Policing Bill: a mandatory reporting duty and aggravated offences for grooming offenders.
What does this new inquiry mean for the remaining recommendations of Professor Jay?