In addition to rolling out mental health support for nearly a million more young people this year, will the Minister confirm that this Government will ensure that every child who needs mental health support will get it by the end of this Parliament?
I agree with my hon.
Friend, but would add that it is not just seen through the expansion of mental health support teams.
With an extra £680 million in Government funding this year, the Government are transforming mental health services for children in Reading West and Mid Berkshire and across the country, hiring more staff, delivering more talking therapies and getting waiting lists down through our plan for change so that children can have the best possible start in life.
What are the principal differences between this Government’s groundbreaking plan to introduce mental health support teams to schools and the previous Government’s already in-progress programme to deliver mental health support teams to schools?
As I like this Minister, Mr Speaker, let me give him a hint: this has been a rhetorical question.
The difference is that we are delivering it to every school in our country to make sure that every child can succeed and thrive.
My constituent John Clifton chairs the West Sussex Parent Carer Forum.
Last week John wrote to me and all West Sussex MPs outlining a number of the forum’s concerns, including the provision of mental health support for children who have special educational needs and are neurodiverse.
How will the Minister ensure that the support that will be provided is inclusive for all children, regardless of their needs?
The Secretary of State has recently met the parent carer forum to discuss these issues and will continue to do so.
We are committed to introducing more mental health support workers across the NHS and creating youth mental health hubs in all communities.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
Last week’s spending review was about investing in Britain’s renewal and investing in excellence for every child, so that background will not determine what they can go on to achieve.
Through our settlement, we will continue to make high-quality early years education more accessible and affordable.
We will rebuild our crumbling schools estate, and we will improve outcomes for children with special educational needs and disabilities with our support-first approach.
We will also continue our overhaul of children’s social care, opening up training opportunities for young people to get great jobs in growing industries.
Crucially, we will lift 100,000 children out of poverty through an historic expansion of free school meals to cover all families in receipt of universal credit.
It will save parents nearly £500 per child per year.
That is the difference that a Labour Government makes.
I recently met young people from the West Yorkshire Youth Collective.
They told me that funding for work experience opportunities for those aged between 16 and 19 has reduced in recent years, particularly in science, technology, engineering and mathematics and the arts.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking to ensure that young people, particularly those from low-income backgrounds, can access the opportunities that they need to succeed?
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight this important area.
As she will know, our manifesto committed us to expanding work experience and careers guidance so that we can support young people into fulfilling jobs, create opportunities and drive growth.
Our wider skills reform will also create 120,000 training opportunities over the course of this Parliament.
If my hon.
Friend would like to share more details of the discussion she mentions, I would look carefully at them.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
It is a pleasure to welcome my old primary school teacher Mrs Case to the Chamber today—I hope we all remain on our best behaviour.
My question is very simple: does the Education Secretary believe that primary school teachers are indeed teachers?
I join the right hon.