Friend the Transport Secretary will also work at pace to close loopholes in taxi licensing laws.
I want to respond to three other important issues identified by Baroness Casey in her report, but on which she has not made specific recommendations.
On support for victims, my right hon.
Friend the Health Secretary will fund additional training for mental health staff in schools on identifying and supporting children and young people who have experienced trauma, exploitation and abuse.
Baroness Casey reports that she came across cases involving suspects who were asylum seekers.
We have asked her team to provide all the evidence they  found to the Home Office, so that immigration enforcement can immediately pursue individual cases with the police.
Let me make it clear that those who groom children or commit sexual offences will not be granted asylum in the UK, and we will do everything in our power to remove them.
I do not believe that the law we have inherited is strong enough, so we are bringing forward a change to the law, so that anyone convicted of sexual offences is excluded from the asylum system and denied refugee status.
We have already increased the removal of foreign national offenders by 14% since the election, and we are drawing up new arrangements to identify and remove those who have committed a much wider range of offences.
Finally, Baroness Casey describes ways in which patterns of grooming gang child sexual exploitation are changing, and evidence that rape and sexual exploitation are taking place in street gangs and drug gangs who combine criminal and sexual exploitation.
I do not believe that this kind of exploitation has been investigated sufficiently.
The report also describes sexual exploitation in modern slavery and trafficking cases.
Most significantly of all, it describes the huge increase in online grooming, and horrendous online sexual exploitation and abuse, including through the use of social media apps to build up relationships and lure children into physical abuse.
The audit quotes a police expert, who says:
“If Rotherham were to happen again today it would start online.”
We are passing world-leading laws to target those who groom and exploit children online, and investing in cutting-edge technology to target the highest-harm offenders, but we need to do much more, or the new scandals and shameful crimes of the future will be missed.
When the final report of Alexis Jay’s seven-year national inquiry was published in October 2022, the then Home Secretary, Grant Shapps, issued a profound and formal public apology to the victims of child sexual abuse who were so badly let down over decades by different levels of the state.
As shadow Home Secretary at the time, I joined him in that apology on behalf of the Opposition, and extended it to victims of child sexual exploitation, too.
To the victims and survivors of sexual exploitation and grooming gangs, on behalf of this and past Governments, and the many public authorities that let you down, I want to reiterate an unequivocal apology for the unimaginable pain and suffering that you have suffered, and for the failure of our country’s institutions, over decades, to prevent that harm and keep you safe.
But words are not enough; victims and survivors need action.
The reforms that I have set out today will be the strongest action that any Government have taken to tackle child sexual exploitation.
There will be more police investigations, more arrests, a new inquiry, changes to the law to protect children, and a fundamental overhaul of the way organisations work in order to support victims and put perpetrators behind bars, but none of that will work unless everyone is part of it, and everyone works together to keep our children safe.
I commend this statement to the House.
Hopefully the report will be available in the Table Office for those Members who wish to see it.