There will be more police investigations, more arrests, a new inquiry, changes to the law to protect children, and a fundamental overhaul of the way organisations work in order to support victims and put perpetrators behind bars, but none of that will work unless everyone is part of it, and everyone works together to keep our children safe.
I commend this statement to the House.
Hopefully the report will be available in the Table Office for those Members who wish to see it.
The Home Secretary quite rightly took longer than expected, and I have no problem with that.
I say to the Leader of the Opposition, and to the Lib Dems, that it is available to them to do the same.
I thank the Home Secretary for advance sight of the statement, although when I listened to it, I could not believe my ears.
It was as if this was the Government’s plan all along, when we all know it is another U-turn.
After months of pressure, the Prime Minister has finally accepted our call for a full, statutory, national inquiry into grooming gangs, and I welcome our finally reaching this point.
We must remember that this is not a victory for politicians—especially not for the ones, like the Home Secretary and the Prime Minister, who had to be dragged to this position.
This is a victory for the survivors, who have been calling for this for years.
However, I have been speaking to many who do not have confidence that a Government who ignored their concerns will deliver.
Before I turn to the detail of the Home Secretary’s statement, I want to recognise the tireless work of those who refused to let this issue be buried: survivors like Fiona Goddard, who bravely waived her anonymity; the parents of survivors, like Marlon West, who I spoke to this morning; Maggie Oliver, whose courage in speaking truth to power has been instrumental in bringing us to this point; the late Andrew Norfolk, whose fearless journalism brought these crimes to light; Baroness Casey for her review; and Charlie Peters, who has consistently been a voice for the voiceless.
The Prime Minister’s handling of this scandal is an extraordinary failure of leadership.
His judgment has, once again, been found wanting.
Since he became Prime Minister, he and the Home Secretary dismissed calls for an inquiry because they did not want to cause a stir.
They accused those of us who demanded justice for the victims of this scandal of “jumping on a far-right bandwagon”, a claim that the Prime Minister’s official spokesman restated this weekend—shameful.
Time and again, it has been left to the Conservatives to force this issue.
Three times—[Interruption.]
They can all mutter now, but these Labour MPs voted against a national inquiry three times.
The Liberal Democrats did not bother to vote at all—asleep at the wheel.
Labour MPs voted against a reasoned amendment to the Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill, and in Committee they voted against the Bill.
At Committee stage of the Crime and Policing Bill—[Interruption.]
Order.
Mr Swallow, I want you to set a good example.
This is a very serious statement, and tempers are running high, but I certainly do not want to see you pointing, shouting and bawling in that way.
Mr Speaker, they can point and shout as much as they like; they know the truth, just as we on the Conservative Benches do.
Three times—[Interruption.]
I will repeat myself: Labour MPs voted against the reasoned amendment to the children’s Bill; in Committee, they voted against that Bill; and they voted against the Crime and Policing Bill in Committee.
They voted against a national inquiry and, at Prime Minister’s questions, the Prime Minister repeatedly ruled out a national inquiry, to the cheers of all the Labour MPs who are now pretending that they believed in an inquiry all along.