We will set out more details in our White Paper in the autumn.
Scottish education was once the envy of the world, but under the SNP it is being destroyed.
Data shows that a quarter of 11-year-olds in Scotland are not achieving expected literacy levels.
Does the Minister agree that the SNP needs to drop its weird obsessions and get back to the basics of sorting out Scotland’s education?
It is only through delivering a Labour Government in Scotland next year that we will get the change that the hon.
Gentleman is seeking.
I agree that Scottish education used to be the envy of the world—I spent many a long day speaking to my grandfather about his experience of the Scottish system—but it is  only with a Labour Government in Scotland that we will once again see the focus on standards that our disadvantaged young people badly need.
Earlier this month, I opened the Launch Pad, a new SEND provision at Sandhurst school, and I was shown around by Ben, who told me how the Launch Pad had helped him to access education.
As the Government work at pace to fix the broken SEND system, what is the Minister’s message for young people like Ben?
We know that there are lots of great examples of mainstream schools delivering specialist provision, such as the one my hon.
Friend recently opened, enabling children to achieve and thrive in mainstream school and providing excellent support to children with speech and language needs.
We have allocated £740 million to support mainstream schools to increase their SEND provision, and we want to reassure his constituent that we will continue to prioritise that in our work.
Another private school, Queen Margaret’s school for girls in York, has announced its closure, months after the Carrdus school in my constituency announced its closure.
Over 11,000 children have left the private sector in this first year, which is more than three times what the Government expected.
Does the Minister believe that the impact assessment of the introduction of VAT on private schools is correct?
Will she look again at the flawed case for it?
Around 50 mainstream private schools close each year.
The level of fees charged by private schools is not a matter for the Department; it is a contractual matter between private schools and parents.
Just two in five young people recall receiving any financial education at school, and those who did so often received less than an hour per month.
While I welcome the Government’s Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill, which will require all schools to teach financial literacy, does the Minister agree that the curriculum and assessment review gives us an opportunity to go even further?
Will she meet me to discuss how Government, industry and civil society can ensure that children in my constituency get this vital life skill?
I absolutely agree with the importance of financial education.
We are looking at the curriculum and assessment system and making sure that we take the advice of the independent review on these matters.
I would be more than happy, given my hon.
Friend’s enthusiasm—and parents’ enthusiasm—for this subject, to discuss it further with him.
Last week the Chancellor committed £9.6 billion over the next four years to the school rebuilding programme.
Hornsea school and language college in my constituency is in dire need of a full rebuild, so can the Secretary of State commit today to including it in the next tranche of rebuilds?
If she needs any persuading, I would be delighted to invite her to make a short detour on her way back to Sunderland and to come and have a look for herself.
We have significantly increased investment to improve the condition of schools or rebuild them; ensuring that schools have the resources and buildings that they need is key to our plan for change.
If the hon.