The Prime Minister has waited months for someone to take this decision for him.
That is the kind of dithering and delay that the survivors complained about.
We need answers to the following questions.
The House deserves to know what changed the Prime Minister’s mind from thinking that this was dog-whistle, far-right politics to something that he must do.
When exactly did Baroness Casey submit her findings to Downing Street, and did the Government request any changes to her report?
Does the Home Secretary agree that anyone in authority who deliberately covered up these disgusting crimes should be prosecuted for misconduct in public office and that those prosecutions should happen alongside, not after the inquiry?
We believe that anyone in the police, local authorities, social services or even the CPS who covered this up because they cared more about so-called community relations than about protecting vulnerable girls as young as 10 years old should be pursued.
We welcome the Home Secretary’s comments about perpetrators not being able to make asylum claims.
I remind her that we put forward an amendment to the Border Security, Asylum and Immigration Bill, and she and all her colleagues voted against that very measure.
Does she now agree that the perpetrators should also not be able to make human rights claims to avoid deportation, and will she legislate to do that?
Will the inquiry be concluded within two years, and will every one of the 50 towns affected be covered, including Bradford, which is still refusing to conduct an inquiry into this?
Will those local inquiries have the power to summon witnesses, or is that power only for the national inquiry?
Most critically, we need a clear timeline for conclusions and actions.
The victims cannot wait another decade for justice: we should be able to do this in two years.
Finally, we did not need to commission a report to tell us what we already knew.
Will the Home Secretary apologise on behalf of herself, the Labour party and the Prime Minister for wasting so much time and voting against this, dismissing the concerns of the survivors?
The House, the British public and, most importantly, the many brave survivors deserve clear answers from a Government of dithering and delay.
I do not think the Leader of the Opposition can have read the report and seen the seriousness of its conclusions, because it sets out a timeline of failure from 2009 to 2025.
Repeated reports and recommendations were not acted on: on child protection, on police investigations, on ethnicity data, on data sharing and on support for victims.
For 14 of those 16 years, her party was in government, including years in which she was the Minister for children and families, then the Minister for equalities, covering race and ethnicity issues and violence against women and girls.
I did not hear her raise any of these issues until January this year.
She will know that the Prime Minister did not just raise them but acted on them: he brought the first prosecutions against grooming gangs and called for action to address ethnicity issues in 2012.
She will also know that the safeguarding Minister, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Birmingham Yardley (Jess Phillips) , and I have raised these issues repeatedly.
The Leader of the Opposition referred to Professor Alexis Jay’s independent inquiry into child sexual abuse.
I called for that inquiry and strongly supported it, and we wanted it to work on a cross-party basis.
We supported its conclusions, but the Leader of the Opposition’s party did absolutely nothing to implement them.
Time and again, recommendations just sat on the shelf, and it has taken this Government to bring forward the mandatory  duty to report.
She says that we should ensure that people who have engaged in cover-ups are prosecuted.