I am passionate and hopeful that this school might be able to benefit from the £370 million of additional funding, not least because one in three children attending Swallow Dell is eligible for free school meals.
My right hon.
Friend knows my constituency well, and she is welcome to visit.
I hope that she will agree to a meeting to talk about Swallow Dell’s bid for future funding.
I join my hon.
Friend in paying tribute to the workforce at Swallow Dell for everything they are doing to make sure our children get a brilliant start in life.
I am sorry that they were not successful in the first phase.
There was lots of demand, and that is why I am delighted that the spending review gave £370 million to ensure that we can make further progress towards our manifesto commitment.
I would be delighted to discuss it further with him.
The Conservatives let down working parents by not having a plan for their pledge.
I am proud of how this Labour Government have delivered to provide working families with 15 hours of Government-funded childcare and funding for new school-based nurseries, including at Keresley Newland primary academy in Bedworth, which I look forward to visiting in the autumn.
I hope that the Secretary of State will be able to join me.
Can she outline the role that school-based nurseries will play in ramping up to the 30 hours of Government-funded childcare this September, putting £7,500 back in the pockets of hard-working families across my constituency of North Warwickshire and Bedworth?
I will certainly do my best to visit Keresley Newland, and I am delighted that it is taking part in our school-based nurseries programme.
We are determined to make sure that every child gets the best start in life.
We know that the early years are crucial, and that is why we have set an ambitious target of making sure that a record number of children at the end of the early years foundation stage are ready for the next step on their journey through the school system.
The last Government made all kinds of promises to parents, but they did not fund them.
In fact, they left behind a huge black hole in the public finances. [
Interruption.]
The right hon.
Member for Sevenoaks (Laura Trott)  should know that better than most, because she was in the Treasury.
I recently visited the excellent Matchborough first school in my Redditch constituency to meet headteacher Lynn Briers.
It was selected as one of the first schools in the country to receive substantial funding to transform unused classrooms into much-needed nursery spaces.
I saw at first hand the difference that that funding will make.
Can I therefore cheekily ask the Secretary of State to confirm when the next round of funding will be available, so that we can deliver even more of these excellent projects to support schools and families in Redditch?
It is because we know the benefits that primary-based nurseries can bring, often working with the private, voluntary and independent sector, that we are determined to move as fast as we can to deliver the next phase.
I look forward to discussing that further with my hon.
Friend.
I am delighted that families in Redditch and right across the country will benefit from the expansion of free school meals eligibility to all families in receipt of universal credit, lifting 100,000 children out of poverty and putting money back in the pockets of parents.
Does the Secretary of State monitor the number of private nursery closures?
If so, can she tell us how many have closed since the Budget?
Yes, we continue to keep that under review, especially ahead of the further expansion of childcare in September.
The figures will be published in the usual way, and we will make sure that we have the workforce there to deliver on the commitments that have been made.
I say to the hon.