What steps she is taking to reduce the time taken for the adoption of children in foster care.
Where adoption is the right option for children, it needs to happen without delay, and early permanence placements are a crucial way to offer children stability.
Labour believes that children growing up in our country deserve the best start in life, which is why we have provided £250,000 in funding for Adoption England to promote the practice.
The Children’s Wellbeing and Schools Bill represents the biggest overhaul of children’s social care in a generation, and it is a shame that Opposition Members opposed it.
I thank the Minister for that response.
As an adoptive parent and a foster carer, I know the transformative effect that early permanence can have on the lives of children in care.
It is not right for every child or for every parent, but adoption agencies could make much wider use of it.
Would the Minister be willing to meet me and adoption charities to discuss how we can maximise the benefits of early permanence?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this important topic; he is a champion for children in Cannock Chase.
I agree that we should continue to promote early permanence.
Adoption England has published national standards to promote and shape early permanence practice across the country.
I regularly meet the organisations my hon.
Friend has mentioned, but I am more than happy to meet him, too.
Adoptive parents right across my constituency are rightly concerned about the impact of Labour’s recent cuts to the adoption and special guardianship support fund.
Following last week’s spending review, what hope can be offered to  families in my constituency and up and down the country who need the additional support that has been taken away under those cuts?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her question and for the concern she has expressed.
The adoption and special guardianship support fund has not been cut.
Demand is ever increasing, and we have chosen an approach to manage tight resources in the face of increasing demand for support.
The adoption and special guardianship support fund still enables those eligible to access a significant package of therapeutic support tailored to meet their individual needs.
What steps she is taking to improve mental health support in schools.
What steps she is taking to improve mental health support in schools.
This Government are committed to breaking down the barriers to opportunity, which is why we are providing access to specialist mental health professionals in every school and expanding mental health support teams so that every child can access early support before problems escalate.
In the Stroud area, six schools are now teaching mental health first aid to 16-year-olds.
Many students have received a form of qualification, which they can use for applications to jobs and university.
At Rednock school, these students are wearing coloured lanyards so that other students can recognise them and ask them for help with their mental health.
Would the Minister support and extend this innovative scheme?
I am happy to hear about the successful project in my hon.
Friend’s constituency, and I am interested to learn more as we share further details.
Separately, to support education staff, the Department provides a range of guidance and practical resources on promoting and supporting pupils’ mental health and wellbeing.
The brilliant schools in my constituency know that good mental health is the foundation for pupils enjoying school, fulfilling their potential and getting ready for life.
In addition to rolling out mental health support for nearly a million more young people this year, will the Minister confirm that this Government will ensure that every child who needs mental health support will get it by the end of this Parliament?
I agree with my hon.
Friend, but would add that it is not just seen through the expansion of mental health support teams.