If she needs any persuading, I would be delighted to invite her to make a short detour on her way back to Sunderland and to come and have a look for herself.
We have significantly increased investment to improve the condition of schools or rebuild them; ensuring that schools have the resources and buildings that they need is key to our plan for change.
If the hon.
Member would like to write to me about that school, I would be happy to update him on this matter.
As chair of the all-party parliamentary group on British Sign Language, I know that the thousands of BSL first-language speakers in this country are very supportive of the introduction of a new BSL GCSE.
However, I understand that progress on that has slightly stalled, so I would be grateful if the Minister could provide an update on the roll-out.
The British Sign Language GCSE is a key feature of our commitment to enhancing the status of British Sign Language, both in education and  in society.
Ofqual is currently running a public consultation on its proposed assessment arrangements and expects to confirm its decision on the qualification rules in autumn 2025.
In April, I wrote to the Minister for School Standards about the Angel Hill free school, which will provide 96 desperately needed places for children with SEND in my constituency.
I thank her for her response in which she said that we would get an update shortly.
I ask again: when does she expect construction of the Angel Hill free school in Rosehill to begin?
I thank the hon.
Member for raising this important project.
I can confirm that works at Angel Hill free school are expected to commence in September 2025 subject to the contract being awarded in August.
With permission, I will update the House on the audit the Government commissioned from Baroness Casey on child sexual exploitation and grooming gangs, and on the action we are taking to tackle this vile crime—to put perpetrators behind bars and to provide the innocent victims of those crimes with support and justice.
The House will be aware that on Friday seven men were found guilty of committing the most horrendous crimes in Rochdale between 2000 and 2006.
They were convicted of treating teenage girls as sex slaves, repeatedly raping them in filthy flats, alleyways and warehouses.
The perpetrators included taxi drivers and market traders of Pakistani heritage, and it has taken 20 years to bring them to justice.
I pay tribute to the incredible bravery of the women who told their stories and fought for justice for all those years.
They should never have been let down for so long.
The sexual exploitation of children by grooming gangs is one of the most horrific crimes.
Children as young as 10, plied with drugs and alcohol, were brutally raped by gangs of men and disgracefully let down again and again by the authorities that were meant to protect them and keep them safe.
These despicable crimes have caused the most unimaginable harm to victims and survivors throughout their lives and are a stain on our society.
Five months ago, I told the House that our most important task was to stop perpetrators and put them behind bars.
I can report that that work is accelerating—arrests and investigations are increasing.
I asked police forces in January to identify cases involving grooming and child sexual exploitation allegations that had been closed with no further action.
More than 800 cases have now been identified for formal review, and I expect that figure to rise above 1,000 in the coming weeks.
Let me be clear: perpetrators of these vile crimes should be off our streets, behind bars, paying the price for what they have done.
Further rapid action is also under way to implement recommendations of past inquiries and reviews, including the seven-year independent inquiry into child abuse—recommendations that have sat on the shelf for too long.