It is a pleasure to welcome my old primary school teacher Mrs Case to the Chamber today—I hope we all remain on our best behaviour.
My question is very simple: does the Education Secretary believe that primary school teachers are indeed teachers?
I join the right hon.
Lady in paying tribute to her teacher who joins us today.
We all know that a brilliant teacher and the contribution that they make can always stay with us.
I am slightly perplexed by the right hon.
Lady’s question.
She is obviously right, but after 14 years of Tory failure many of our teachers are sadly having to pick up the pieces of wider societal challenges—whether that is too many families being in temporary accommodation or the growing number of children in poverty.
We are determined as a Government to turn that around.
I am grateful for the confirmation that the Education Secretary does accept that primary school teachers are indeed teachers, but why is she then saying that they no longer count towards her manifesto pledge to recruit 6,500 more teachers?
Is it because, contrary to the Department’s social media posts, teacher numbers are in fact going down, not up?
I do not know where the right hon.
Lady has been, but she certainly has not been paying attention.
We have been clear that we will make sure that we have 6,500 more teachers in secondary and specialist education and in further education colleges.
This year alone we have 60,000 fewer children in primary schools, and that is why we are focusing our recruitment efforts in areas where we are seeing growth.
It is common sense.
It is this Labour Government who have delivered two pay rises for teachers, because we, the Labour party, value our brilliant teachers.
The work of Fife college is essential in equipping thousands of my constituents with skills for success.
Does the Minister share my deep concern at the real-terms cuts that the SNP Scottish Government are inflicting on the college as they deprioritise Fife in favour of Glasgow, Edinburgh and Aberdeen?
Will she join me in urging them to think again?
I agree with my hon.
Friend that it is time for a new direction for Scotland with Scottish Labour.
In England, we are making over £1 billion of additional investment per year in skills by 2028-29 to support young people into the industries of the future.
That is because we are unlocking opportunity and driving growth through our plan for change.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Philip Augar, the chair of the previous review into post-18 education funding, stated recently in the Financial Times that “a handful” of universities are receiving “secret bailouts”.
Will the Secretary of State confirm what emergency financial support the Government have already provided to struggling institutions and commit to informing Parliament of any future emergency financial support for individual institutions?
It was this Labour Government’s priority to ensure that our world-leading universities were put on a much more sustainable footing.
That is why we took the difficult but necessary decision to increase student fees, and it is why we are reforming the Office for Students to have a much sharper focus on financial regulation and sustainability.
We, together with the Office for Students, continue to keep under review any institutions that may face difficulty, but the hon.
Member will appreciate that these sensitive issues are best dealt with properly and seriously through the Office for Students.
In Rossendale and Darwen, the Valley leadership academy is a vital school serving some of our most disadvantaged communities, yet it was recently identified as a stuck school following successive “requires improvement” Ofsted assessments.
The staff and leadership at the school are working incredibly hard to drive improvement, and we are starting to see positive signs.
Will the Minister therefore please update me on what Labour is doing to support them?