Will Ministers finally admit that they broke their promise to fully compensate schools for that tax rise?
I think the hon.
Gentleman’s maths need a bit of work.
He will know as well as anybody that pupil numbers in primary are down and keep on falling, yet recruiting and retaining expert teachers is crucial to this Government’s mission to break down the barriers to opportunity.
That is why we have committed to recruiting 6,500 additional expert teachers, and we are targeting them at the sectors in which they are most needed.
It is not the Government’s fault that those on the Opposition Front Bench do not seem to be able to add up or pay proper attention.
If she will take steps to stop the use of smartphones in schools.
If she will take steps to stop the use of smartphones in schools.
Mobile phones have no place in our schools.
Government guidance is clear that schools should prohibit the use of devices with smart technology throughout the school day.
If pupils fail to follow those rules, schools have the power to confiscate devices to ensure that classrooms are free from disruption.
Schools with a smartphone ban were rated higher by Ofsted, and their students achieved better GCSE results.
All the evidence shows the benefit of banning smartphones in schools, but the Government are simply issuing non-statutory guidance and passing the buck.
Does the Minister not understand the evidence?
Does he need more evidence, or does he not trust the Government to be able to implement a ban on smartphones in schools?
I will take no lectures from the Conservatives on this issue.
When they were in government, they exclaimed that the same guidance meant a consistent approach across schools.
I have to ask: if they were wrong then, are they wrong now?
Mobile phones in classrooms are linked to disruptive and violent behaviour.
Does the Minister agree that mobile phones should be banned in all schools so that children are focused on their education, not glued to Instagram and TikTok?
I repeat my earlier answer: legislation is not necessary, because schools already have the power to ban phones in schools, and the majority have chosen to do so.
From speaking with former teaching colleagues and local school leaders, I know that the impact that powerful school policies to restrict the use of smartphones and keep them out of schools can have is really clear.
Fantastic work has been done on that, including by Hitchin boys’ school in my constituency, but sadly not all schools are meeting this high standard in ensuring that they have robust and well-enforced policies.
How can we ensure that we are spreading this good practice to every school across the country?
Would the Minister love to visit Hitchin boys’ school in my seat so that he can see at first hand the fantastic work it is doing?
I think that shows that schools actually have the power to do this.
It is worth saying that everyone, including parents, schools and providers, is responsible for ensuring that children are aware of the importance of internet safety.
We encourage schools to consult and to build on that support with parents to develop a policy that works in the context and that keeps children and young people safe.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
The Secretary of State may dismiss banning smartphones in schools as a gimmick, but teachers, health professionals and parents are all calling for action to reduce children’s screen time.
Every day we have new evidence of the harm that screens are doing, so why is the Education Secretary ignoring that and pressing ahead with screen-based assessments for children as young as four from September?
Does she accept that that is normalising screen time for young people, which is the opposite of what we should be doing?
Is that all that the right hon.
Lady can go on?