The Secretary of State’s Department has already replied saying that nurseries can claim the relief, but a nursery has to have fewer than 18 children to qualify, and the average number in my constituency is 75.
Those nurseries are not eligible, and the national insurance and consumables changes are crippling them, so they are now considering not taking on Government-funded children.
What should they do?
I know that the Under-Secretary of State for Education, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Portsmouth South (Stephen Morgan) , has been in touch with the hon.
Lady recently to discuss this matter further, and I personally will happily look further into the case that she has raised.
We are investing record sums in early years education and working with the sector to deliver the places that are needed.
That is a big challenge, because the last Tory Government did not leave behind a plan to deliver those places.
What steps she is taking to support children with special educational needs and disabilities who do not have an education, health and care plan.
Parents right across the country know that the Tories left behind a SEND system that was, in the words of the last Tory Education Secretary, “lose, lose, lose”.
Labour will restore parents’ confidence with a support-first approach, prioritising early intervention and inclusive support in mainstream schools to address needs before they escalate.
We will not be removing effective support, but we will also expand schools’ capacity to deliver consistent, high-quality provision to help children thrive, with timely and effective support.
In the last 11 months I have visited nearly all the schools in my constituency, and wherever I have gone I have asked whether people understand why the number of children with special educational needs has been going through the roof.
I have received various explanations, such as lockdown, diet, social media, drugs in pregnancy, parenting, increased awareness and over-medicalisation.
Is the Department doing any research on what is causing this phenomenon, so that we can treat the causes and not just the symptoms?
My Department, and the Department of Health and Social Care, are keen to understand some of the drivers identified by the hon.
Gentleman.
I know that he comes to this discussion in good faith, but some people, including Reform Members of Parliament, sometimes do not approach it in a responsible way.
I think we need to tread with a great deal of care when we approach and discuss this subject, not least because it is a welcome change in our society that we now better understand where children have additional needs.
The challenge, of course, is that the hon.
Gentleman’s party did not put in place the support that was required both to identify and to support children with special educational needs and disabilities.
I call the Chair of the Education Committee.
One of the biggest challenges affecting the delivery of support for children with special educational needs and disabilities is the extent of local authority funding deficits.
They are currently dealt with through the statutory override, which allows local authorities to set a balanced budget without accounting for their SEND deficits.
Given that the statutory override expires in March 2026, does the Secretary of State agree that a White Paper in autumn 2025 provides far too little time for the Government to implement meaningful change without extending the override further, and when does she expect local authorities to be able to have the certainty that they need to plan for the coming financial year?
I agree that in addition to longer-term reform, which the White Paper will deliver, it is imperative that we take action now in order to make sure that the school system better caters for children with a wide range of needs.
That is why we have invested £740 million to support councils to create more specialist provision in mainstream schools.