Yes, we continue to keep that under review, especially ahead of the further expansion of childcare in September.
The figures will be published in the usual way, and we will make sure that we have the workforce there to deliver on the commitments that have been made.
I say to the hon.
Lady that in addition to almost doubling the early years pupil premium, we put in place a £75 million expansion grant to make sure that ahead of the further roll-out in September, all our early years settings can deliver the places that are needed.
In my constituency there are more than 130 active cases involving children with special educational needs, many of which involve education, health and care plans that were either denied or issued in such a poor state that they contained the wrong names and described the wrong conditions, and therefore offered completely inappropriate packages of support.
Given that Surrey county council has the highest number of tribunal cases against it every year—most of which are lost—may I ask whether the Secretary of State intends to reduce the rights associated with EHCPs, and whether she will do what so many parents ask me about and launch an immediate investigation into the council and its compliance with its legal obligation?
The hon.
Gentleman has raised a number of important questions.
I will certainly look into the issues relating to Surrey that we have discussed previously, and will then come back to him.
As for support for children with special educational needs and disabilities, he has made the case for reform very precisely.
The current system is simply not working, and the Government are determined to ensure that children get more timely early support and that we have a system that is based much more on need.
As part of the process leading to the schools White Paper that will come later in the year, I am engaging with parents, campaigners and others, and I would be more than happy to discuss the matter further with Liberal Democrat colleagues in order to understand their concerns.
This morning, in my constituency, I met the chief executive of the Early Years Alliance.
Its Laindon nursery is facing closure, not because of falling demand but because it is being hammered by the national insurance tax rises.
How can the Secretary of State talk about expanding provision when nursery after nursery, in my constituency and across the country, is being pushed over a cliff edge by this Labour Government?
I too recently met the chief executive of the Early Years Alliance, and I will always be open to discussing the challenges faced by the sector; but let me convey to the right hon.
Gentleman the points that I made to the chief executive.
We are investing £8 billion in early years education, as well as almost doubling the early years pupil premium and providing a £75 million expansion grant to support settings ahead of a further roll-out in September.
The right hon.
Gentleman and the Conservative party made a load of promises to parents at the time of the last general election, but they did not fund them, they did not ensure that the workforce would be there, and they left us with the black hole in the public finances that this Government are turning around.
In the last couple of months, I have been speaking to lots of nursery providers across my constituency about these issues, and the thing that comes up again and again is small business rate relief.
The Secretary of State’s Department has already replied saying that nurseries can claim the relief, but a nursery has to have fewer than 18 children to qualify, and the average number in my constituency is 75.
Those nurseries are not eligible, and the national insurance and consumables changes are crippling them, so they are now considering not taking on Government-funded children.
What should they do?