programs and strategies that threaten our very existence, we, as a whole society, must decide what costs we should bear and what risks we must take. Our nuclear strategy must be balanced and rational, allowing for deterrence and defensive actions while encouraging collaboration for a more peaceful future. We in Congress are part of the problem. We have bought into the assumption that more nuclear weapons will make us safer. Ever-growing costs reflect the irrationality that has plagued our nuclear policy. In the name of ``modernization,'' we've taken on hundreds of billions of dollars of additional spending, and the nuclear accounts grow without question or scrutiny. An example is the nuclear modernization efforts. The political price tag for New START was the modernization of all three legs of America's nuclear triad. Proponents told us the multi-billion-dollar cost was necessary to ensure that we continue to have a viable deterrent. Today, we can and should debate whether every part of modernization is cost- effective and necessary for deterrence. We must also fully understand the reasons for the massive growth in the cost of all these programs. Let's turn to the new Sentinel ICBM, which is destined to replace the Minuteman III. It has incurred an egregious 37 percent cost overrun, making the program's cost almost 211 percent higher than the Air Force's initial 2015 estimate. This has triggered a critical Nunn- McCurdy cost overrun, forcing a stop and a full statutory review. Despite the new estimated cost of $130 billion, there are loud and clear reflexive signals that the Pentagon and Congress intend to plow ahead no matter the cost or the necessity. ``We'll do whatever is necessary.'' While this may be convenient, the law requires a complete and full review that addresses five critical steps. (1) The program is essential to national security; (2) there are no alternatives to the program that will provide acceptable capability; (3) the new cost estimates have been determined to be reasonable; (4) the program is a higher priority than programs whose funding will be reduced to cover the increased cost of this program; and (5) the management structure is sufficient to control additional cost growth. It is imperative that the Pentagon conduct a thorough examination to assess the necessity and feasibility