It would be the highest carbon tax in the world, and devastating for British industry.
Can the hon.
Lady confirm how many British jobs would be lost as a result?
I do not recognise those figures at all.
I would be interested to see where she got them from—perhaps from her Twitter threads, which contain things that we do not quite recognise.
We inherited a mess in this country—no stability or economic growth, and stagnation.
We are fixing the foundations and putting that right.
We will create hundreds of thousands of jobs in the growing green sector of the future.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
We are already seeing the benefits of our energy superpower mission and investment in jobs.
Since the start of November, we have seen a £1 billion investment in Hull by Siemens Gamesa, supporting 1,300 jobs in blade manufacturing.
Ørsted has announced £100 million of orders for UK firms, and we have reached financial close on the UK’s first carbon capture in Teesside.
That is what it means to have a Government delivering jobs and investment for the British people.
There appears to be inconsistency between what Ministers are saying about the report by the National Energy System Operator and what the CEO of NESO told the Energy Security and Net Zero Committee last week.
Can the Secretary of State answer this clearly: does the NESO report forecast higher or lower energy bills under his policy?
I am very glad that the hon.
Gentleman has asked that question, as the shadow Secretary of State has asked me about that. [
Interruption.]
I will answer the question.
Page 77 of the NESO report says very clearly what happens to overall costs in the system: electricity costs are reduced by £10 per MWh.
As NESO says, it is for Government to make policy choices that determine the precise impact on bills, but the report is clear that the system will be cheaper.
It is completely logical to say that that will lead to a reduction in bills.
My constituency has the second highest number of members on the British Coal staff superannuation scheme in the country; we have more than 1,000 members.
Does the Minister agree that we need  to end the injustice for all former employees on that scheme?
Will she visit my beautiful constituency to meet me and members of the scheme?
I would be very happy to meet my hon.
Friend and members of the scheme.
I met the trustees of the scheme yesterday, and I have committed to talking to the Treasury about their proposals.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Labour’s policy on the North sea will cost the country £12 billion in tax receipts, which would be enough to cover the winter fuel payment for many, many years.
Pensioners will be in the cold this winter, and this is a policy that no other major economy is pursuing.
How can the Government possibly justify it?
These are more fantasy numbers from the right hon.
Lady.
The truth is that the North sea has lost a third of its employment in the past decade.
The only future for the North sea is in what this Government are doing: investing in carbon capture and storage, in offshore wind and in hydrogen.
That is the future.
That is not my figure; it is a figure from industry—£12 billion in lost North sea tax receipts, in addition to £8 billion for an energy company that will not generate energy, and at least £200 billion for a 2030 target that we now know will not cut bills.
Is it not true that pensioners will be sitting in the cold this winter to pick up the bill for this Secretary of State?
No.
The case is that the Conservatives left us dependent on fossil fuels, which led to the worst cost of living crisis in living memory.