Will the Secretary of State commit to having a binding vote in this House on the decision, so that the House can decide whether what the Government are proposing is justice for WASPI women?
I certainly do not believe that it is.
I am sure the right hon.
Gentleman could have encouraged his party to do a compensation scheme when he was in government.
The reason the ombudsman actually referred the report to Parliament was because he did not believe the last Government when they were running the Department for Work and Pensions would deal with it properly.
This Government take our responsibility seriously, and that is why we have come to Parliament today to make this difficult decision.
A Conservative Member said to me this morning that being the Secretary of State for the DWP is probably the hardest job in Government, and I think today we can really see that.
I pay tribute to the WASPI women in my constituency, and in particular Gina, who emails me regularly about  this issue.
What reassurances can the Secretary of State give WASPI women such as Gina that we will do everything we can to support them and to ensure that issues like this do not happen again?
As I said in my statement, I understand that many women born in the 1950s face a real struggle and, on this specific decision, they may well be disappointed, but our commitment to pensioners and to the pensions triple lock will deliver an extra £30 billion into the basic state pension over this Parliament.
Our investment in the NHS, about which many 1950s-born women are desperately worried, of £22 billion this year and next, shows our commitment to the issues that matter to those women.
As I say, they may be disappointed and, indeed, angry about the decision, but we believe that it is the fair and right decision.
However, I would be more than happy to talk to my hon.
Friend in further detail so that he can pass on comments from WASPI women in his constituency.
I speak on behalf of Helen from my home town of Bampton and the 5,500 WASPI women in my constituency.
They are not disappointed; they are devastated, as am I because—mistakenly, as it turned out—I believed that this Labour Government, who were supported by millions of women across this country who rightly turned their backs on the Conservatives, had some probity and decency.
Does the Secretary of State agree that it turns out that they have neither?
No.
Many former Ministers and current shadow Ministers have made clear that they do not support a compensation scheme, so is this not just another example of this Labour Government having to take the difficult but necessary decisions that those Members ran away from?
It is true this was a long-running issue, spanning multiple Parliaments, that was delivered to the last Government, and we have dealt with it.
We have dealt with it seriously, but also as quickly as we can.
We take our responsibilities seriously.
It is a difficult decision, but I believe it is the right and fair one.
How long will we have this Government giving the excuse that they cannot do things because the last lot did not do them?
Will the Secretary of State remember that she is now in government?
When she was in opposition, she and other members of her party campaigned for WASPI women.
The facts have not changed: administratively, mistakes were made and, financially, there is still an impact; and now the ombudsman has found in favour.
She cannot hide behind saying that “We have no money”.
We just had the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero in questions boasting that he is bunging billions of pounds to power companies, yet we cannot honour the commitments made to people who were wrongly treated in the pensions system.
I hate to disagree with the right hon.