My hon.
Friend the Minister of State will have heard what he said.
This is the difference: this is a Labour Government delivering justice for mineworkers across our country and their families, which is all part of delivering our mission for the country.
With permission, Mr Speaker, I would like to make a statement on the investigation by the Parliamentary and Health Service Ombudsman into the way that changes in the state pension age were communicated to women born in the 1950s.
The state pension is the foundation for a secure retirement.
That is why this Government are committed to the pensions triple lock, which will increase the new state pension by more than £470 a year from this April and deliver an additional £31 billion of spending over the course of this Parliament, and it is why Governments of all colours have a responsibility to ensure that changes to the state pension age are properly communicated so that people can plan for their retirement.
Before I turn to the Government’s response to the ombudsman’s report, I want to be clear about what this report investigated, and what it did not.
The report is not an investigation into the actual decision to increase the state pension age for women in 1995 or to accelerate that increase in 2011—a decision that the then Conservative Chancellor George Osborne said
“probably saved more money than anything else we’ve done”.
That comment understandably angered many women and sparked the original Women Against State Pension Inequality Campaign.
The ombudsman is clear that policy decisions to increase the state pension age in 1995 and since were taken by Parliament and considered lawful by the courts.
This investigation was about how changes in the state pension age were communicated by the Department for Work and Pensions, and the impact this may have had on the ability of women born in the 1950s to plan for their retirement.
I know that this is an issue of huge concern to many women that has spanned multiple Parliaments.
Like so many other problems that we have inherited from the Conservatives, this is something that the previous Government should have dealt with.
Instead, they kicked the can down the road and left us to pick up the pieces, but today we deal with it head-on.
The Pensions Minister—the Under-Secretary of State for Work and Pensions, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Wycombe (Emma Reynolds) —and I have given the ombudsman’s report serious consideration and looked in detail at the findings, and at information and advice provided by the Department that was not available to us before coming into Government.
The then ombudsman looked at six cases.
He found that the Department provided adequate and accurate information on changes to the state pension age between 1995 and 2004, including through leaflets and pensions education campaigns and on its website.
However, decisions made between 2005 and 2007 led to a 28-month delay in sending out letters to women born in the 1950s.
The ombudsman says that these delays did not result in the women suffering direct financial loss but that they were maladministration.
We accept that the 28-month delay in sending out letters was maladministration, and on behalf of the Government, I apologise.
This Government are determined to learn all the lessons from what went wrong, and I will say more about that in a moment.
We also agree that the women suffered no direct financial loss because of the  maladministration.
However, we do not agree with the ombudsman’s approach to injustice or remedy, and I want to spell out why.
First, the report does not properly take into account research showing that there was actually considerable awareness that the state pension age was increasing.