I gently say to the hon.
Gentleman, who I know was not in the House at the time, that the decision to accelerate the increase in the state pension age in 2011 was taken by the Conservative and Liberal Democrat coalition Government.
It was that which angered and annoyed many women and led to the WASPI campaign.
We accept that there was a 28-month delay in sending out letters and we apologise for that, but we do not agree with the ombudsman’s approach to injustice or remedy.
We do not believe that the letters would have had an impact on most, as the ombudsman said, and when 90% of women knew that the state pension age was increasing, we cannot accept that that flat rate of payment of up to £10.5 billion would be a fair or appropriate use of taxpayers’ money.
I know that will disappoint some women born in the 1950s, but we believe it is the right and fair decision.
I share the Secretary of State’s concern about the black hole that was left.
This will have been a difficult decision for her to make and bring to the House today.
However, I think about the many people across all our constituencies who have contacted us about the matter, including my constituent Valerie, who wrote to me and said:
“We simply cannot afford to wait any longer for justice given that more than 20,000 WASPI women have tragically died since the ombudsman’s findings were published more than 6 months ago.”
I know that Valerie and many others in my constituency will be very disappointed.
The Secretary of State says that she accepts the maladministration.
Does that not then mean accountability?
We do indeed take responsibility for the maladministration between 2004 and 2007 and a 28-month delay in sending the letters out.
I want to reiterate to my hon.
Friend and to the House that this is not a decision about the increase in the state pension age, which so many women were aggrieved about; it is about how that was communicated.
We accept that those letters should have gone out earlier, but even if we had sent those, it would not have made a difference for most.
When 90% of those 1950s-born women knew that the state pension age was increasing, we do not think that the proposed compensation scheme is fair or proportionate.
That is why we have taken this extremely difficult decision.
The Parliamentary and Health Service Ombudsman’s report says what many WASPI women across my constituency have been saying for years, which is that between 2005 and 2007 the DWP and the last Labour Government let them down.
I am therefore grateful to the Secretary of State for her apology, but that will come as cold comfort to those who are in this situation in the face of no financial compensation.
If I am right in what I hear, she says mitigation is too complicated and that it is someone else’s fault.
That will be no comfort to those impacted.
What conversations does the Secretary of State plan to have with the WASPI women to see what more support can be put in place for those most impacted?
I met the WASPI campaign in opposition when I was appointed shadow Work and Pensions Minister.
The Minister for Pensions was the first of her kind to meet the WASPI campaign for eight years, and she is happy to meet them again.
I say to the hon.
Lady, who feels very deeply about the issue, that we will learn all the lessons from what went wrong with the delay in sending the letters out, but we do not agree that even if we had done that, they would have made the difference that the ombudsman claims.