Local distribution networks in rural areas are incredibly important, and introducing greater access to the grid—including through Ofgem’s approval of £22 billion to improve distribution networks—will enable us to roll out EV infrastructure in rural areas throughout the country.
This weekend, 50 households in Cleat Hill were able to return home, nine weeks after the gas explosion there.
That was thanks to the efforts of the local council and the local emergency services but not, I am afraid, to the actions of the Government.
There has been a deafening silence on whether they will help the council with funding, and whether they will fund a scaling and scoping of the gas reservoir.
I am extremely grateful to the Minister for meeting me, but will she chivvy her other Ministers along, so that we can get a reply?
I thank the hon.
Member for that meeting.
We are working across Government to ensure that we can provide the support that the community requires after that tragic incident.
I recently visited the zero-emission boiler manufacturer Tepeo in Wokingham.
Its owners were thrilled by the Government’s decision that heat batteries can qualify for the warm homes social housing fund wave 3, but expressed concern about whether they could scale up without the same subsidy support and VAT relief as heat pumps.
Will the Minister meet me, and representatives of Thermal Storage UK, to discuss how we can support heat batteries, so that households can become more resilient?
My hon.
Friend is a great champion of our clean power mission, and I would be very happy to meet him and representatives of the sector.
Seventy-five per cent of voters think that all new homes should come with solar panels on the roof as standard.
Do the Government agree?
I am very sympathetic towards this issue, and we are in discussions with our colleagues across Government.
Watch this space.
Cheshire is leading the way in CCUS, whether it is in hydrogen production, where it is providing the means of transition as a new industry is established, or in hard-to-abate sectors such as glass or cement production, where CCUS is a vital decarbonisation component.
Our strategy is creating jobs, growing our skills base and unlocking a low-carbon future.
Does the Minister agree that it will not be possible to get to net zero without CCUS?
That is absolutely right.
The Grimsby to Walpole National Grid scheme will see pylons almost twice the height of the existing ones being placed across the flat landscape of the fens.
Why does the Secretary of State think that the cost of chasing his unrealistic 2030 target should be disproportionately borne by rural communities?
I have great respect for the right hon.
Gentleman.
The truth is that we need to build the grid, regardless of whether the target is 2030 or 2035.
This Government are being honest and open with people in saying that the grid needs to be built.
If we do not build the grid, we will remain massively vulnerable as a country.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
Last year, the UK imported 43% of our energy.
Does the Secretary of State agree that, as well as protecting bill payers from the volatility of international fossil fuel markets and giving us energy independence, we have the potential for economic benefits from exporting electricity and hydrogen through the clean power plan?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right about that.
It is about energy independence for Britain, and about becoming a clean energy superpower that can export energy and benefit as a country.
The opportunities are huge, which is why we are getting on with it.
I think the Secretary of State is now arguing that energy bills will fall by £300 by 2030.
A simple question: how much will they rise by before then?
I am disappointed in the right hon.
Gentleman, but perhaps I should not be surprised.