The Secretary of State was asked—
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of changes to the mineworkers' pension scheme on the living standards of recipients.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of changes to the mineworkers’ pension scheme on the living standards of recipients.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of changes to the mineworkers’ pension scheme on the living standards of recipients.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of changes to the mineworkers’ pension scheme on the living standards of recipients.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of changes to the mineworkers’ pension scheme on the living standards of recipients.
In the Budget, the Government decided to transfer the mineworkers’ pension scheme investment reserve to members of the scheme.
At the end of last month, the first increase in payments was made to over 100,000 ex-miners and their families.
That has meant an extra 32% rise in people’s pensions each month—an average of £29 per week.
The overturning of that historic injustice demonstrates the difference made by a Labour Government.
I thank the Secretary of State for that reply and for his attentive engagement on the issue.
I understand that British coal staff superannuation scheme trustees wrote to the Department last month with reform proposals.
I urge the Secretary of State to  meet them as soon as possible to rectify the long-standing injustice, especially given the increasing age and declining health of the beneficiaries.
I should say that the praise all goes to the Minister for Industry, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Croydon West (Sarah Jones) , for the progress that has been made.
She is in sole charge of the issue.
I know that she has been engaging with the trustees of the BCSSS; indeed, I believe she met them yesterday.
She knows the point my hon.
Friend  the Member for Kilmarnock and Loudoun (Lillian Jones)  is making about that scheme.
In Blaenau Gwent and Rhymney, 1,600 miners received the biggest number of increased payments from the mineworkers’ pension scheme in Wales.
All of my uncles on my mum’s side were miners.
Dessie Winter, who is alive and well, will benefit from the MPS changes, but my uncles Georgie and Jackie were pit supervisors who paid into the separate National Coal Board staff pension scheme.
They have sadly passed, but their colleagues deserve fairness.
Since 1994, the Government have received £3.1 billion from the BCSSS.
Will the Secretary of State say if he will look again at the staff side’s surplus payments to benefit our pensioners?
My hon.
Friend makes his point with customary eloquence.
I know from personal experience that there were people who were waiting for the injustice to be remedied but unfortunately died before that happened.
He refers to part of the issue raised by the Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy Committee, as it then was, about 50:50 surplus sharing.
I know my hon.
Friend the Minister for Industry is looking at that.
Correcting the injustice in the mineworkers’ pension scheme has made an incredible difference to the former miners in my constituency of Dunfermline and Dollar after so many years.
At the weekend, I met representatives from the BCSSS in Fife, including the men and women who are particularly affected by that scheme and the women who worked in the canteens and other areas, who feel that they have been left behind by the changes to the MPS.
Will the Secretary of State meet campaigners in Fife and across Scotland regarding this issue, and will he ensure that he makes progress as quickly as possible to correct the injustice that those people have suffered as well?
I know from my constituency that there is a strong feeling about the BCSSS.
That is why my hon.
Friend the Minister for Industry has moved at speed to meet the trustees.