I believe that our offices are already trying to find a date for us to meet.
My constituency of Paisley and Renfrewshire South is home to the beautiful RSPB Lochwinnoch nature reserve.
In addition to supporting our biodiversity, the reserve serves as a natural carbon sink.
Globally, wetlands hold approximately 20% to 30% of the Earth’s soil carbon despite covering only 5% of the land surface.
Will the Minister outline how the Department is integrating wetland and peatland restoration into its strategy for meeting the UK’s carbon capture and storage targets?
I am aware of the excellent work being carried out at Lochwinnoch.
We know that protecting and restoring our peatlands is essential for tackling the climate crisis.
We are committed to restoring approximately 280,000 hectares of peatland.
We are also looking at innovative ways of getting funding into those nature-based solutions so that they can thrive.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of Great British Energy on job creation in industrial communities.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of Great British Energy on job creation in industrial communities.
Great British Energy will deliver well-paid jobs in industrial communities.
It will own and invest in projects across the country, it will crowd in private investment, and it will develop those crucial supply chains that will make us more resilient as a country and deliver more jobs.
I was delighted to see the Government’s commitment to reindustrialise our nation, creating thousands of jobs in the process.
This is the difference that a Labour Government can make, cleaning up the mess of the Tories and putting this country back on track.
My constituency of Airdrie and Shotts is at the heart of Scotland’s central belt.
Once an industrial heartland, it is full of skills and potential waiting to be unlocked.
Will the Minister work with me to ensure that the benefit of the significant job creation that the Government are undertaking will be felt in my constituency?
I will work with my hon.
Friend on creating the jobs that we all want.
It has been announced that Great British Energy will be located in Aberdeen, and there are two additional sites, one in Glasgow and one in Edinburgh.
The national wealth fund has just announced a £20 million investment in XLCC, to support a world-leading factory in Hunterston producing cables.
That will support 900 jobs.
We have seen a £1.6 million investment by Sarens PSG to provide specialist equipment and skilled workers, and to set up a centre for excellence in Aberdeen.
Those are the kinds of projects that we want across our communities, in his constituency and beyond.
An important aspect of Great British Energy’s work will be ensuring industrial strength in all areas of the UK.
Places such as Peterborough are well placed to develop high-skilled jobs and great opportunities in green hydrogen to support that transition, through the work of National Gas in Werrington and our new university campus, Anglia Ruskin University Peterborough.
Does the Minister agree that the success of GB Energy will be the breadth of opportunities that it creates in places such as mine?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
Green hydrogen is vital, not just for the decarbonisation of heavy industry but for aviation and maritime.
It has the potential to create thousands of very highly skilled  jobs in every region of the country.
We have already confirmed support for 11 green hydrogen projects from Cumbria to Cornwall, and from Scotland to Kent.
I look forward to saying more on our hydrogen journey soon.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
The Labour party promised 650,000 jobs through Great British Energy, but the Secretary of State has endorsed a carbon tax of £147 in 2030—double the Department’s current forecast.
It would be the highest carbon tax in the world, and devastating for British industry.
Can the hon.
Lady confirm how many British jobs would be lost as a result?