I do value the ombudsman’s role; I refer many cases myself.
We accept his findings on maladministration, but we do not accept his view on injustice.
None the less, the ombudsman continues to have an important role to play for many constituency MPs, and I for one will continue to refer cases to the ombudsman, as I always have done.
The Government are right to have apologised to WASPI women today and my right hon.
Friend is also right to have acknowledged the significant disappointment that will be felt.
What is important is that this Labour Government are acting to boost pension pots across the country.
Does the Secretary of State agree that it is important that, through the measures the Government are taking, we not only protect pension pots but actually enhance them, so that pensioners are better off?
The pension schemes Bill will do precisely that.
One of the really important things that we want to do is to consolidate smaller pension pots, so that they deliver better value and better results for those in retirement.
That is exactly what that Bill will do.
We want to see the very best for pensioners and also the very best for UK plc, which is why our pensions reforms are so important.
My hon.
Friend the Minister responsible for pensions will be delivering on that in the months and years ahead.
Anas Sarwar said that, under his leadership, WASPI women will finally receive the justice they deserve.
Is the justice they deserve being paid less than their male counterparts throughout their career?
Is the justice they deserve being sacked or forced to resign from their jobs when they had children?
Is the justice they deserve the removal  of the winter fuel payment?
Why are the Labour Government absolutely determined to take every opportunity to screw over 1950s-born women?
I am proud of the last Labour Government’s record on helping the lowest-paid women pensioners and of the improvements that we delivered.
This is not about that issue; this is about the way that the state pension age was communicated.
If the hon.
Lady wants a different approach, the SNP Government in Scotland can provide that by using the £4.9 billion settlement—the biggest ever in the history of devolution—that we have provided.
This will be a sad moment for the 4,000 women in Stoke-on-Trent Central who I have campaigned alongside for justice and a fair transition.
I understand the Secretary of State’s need to balance the budget, given what was left by the previous Government, but is this a case of no compensation now because of the economic circumstances that we find ourselves in, or is it no compensation ever?
If we find ourselves in the future in a much better economic state, will she consider re-addressing this issue and seeing what compensation might be available for the women who were affected?
We do not agree with the ombudsman’s approach to injustice or compensation.
We do not believe that sending those letters earlier, even though we should have done, would have made the difference that the ombudsman claims.
We do not believe that, given that 90% of 1950s-born women knew that the state pension age was increasing, a flat-rate compensation scheme costing up to £10.5 billion is a fair or appropriate use of taxpayers’ money.
However, we will learn lessons from that maladministration to ensure that it never happens again.
Every single one of us in this House relies on the Parliamentary and Health Service Ombudsman to ensure that our constituents get redress.
When the PHSO made a similar judgment against Equitable Life, the Government came forward with a compensation programme.
Will the Secretary of State commit to having a binding vote in this House on the decision, so that the House can decide whether what the Government are proposing is justice for WASPI women?
I certainly do not believe that it is.
I am sure the right hon.