Lady asks about next steps.
We have three clear things that we intend to do.
We will produce a detailed action plan.
We want to work with the ombudsman on that so that we can ensure that the delay, the maladministration and the 28-month delay in sending out notifications never happens again, and I am perfectly happy to consider working with the women to make sure we get that right.
It is extremely important that, wherever possible, we provide personalised, tailored information.
Pensions are a hugely complicated area, and we want people to be empowered with that information and knowledge.
We have to do it in all sorts of different formats, because it is individual to the person, and we need to get that right in future.
The hon.
Lady also mentioned pension credit and the winter fuel payment.
I will say to her, as I did yesterday, that we have seen a 145% increase in the number of claims for pension credit since we launched our campaign.
More than 42,000 more people are claiming pension credit now.
We want to deal with yet another thing the Conservative Government left us with, which was 880,000 pensioners not getting the pension credit or the winter fuel payment they are entitled to.
These are difficult decisions.
We are a responsible Government and we face up to our responsibilities.
I look forward to Members on the Conservative Benches finally doing the same.
This is clearly not a decision that the Secretary of State has taken lightly, and an apology on behalf of the Department for Work and Pensions is long overdue, but let us make no mistake: the responsibility for this lies squarely with the Conservative party, which oversaw the maladministration and kicked the can down the road yet again, for us to clear up the mess.
That must be put right.
Can my right hon.
Friend assure my constituents that a serious case like this will not occur again, and that this Government will continue to do everything we can to support pensioners going forward?
I can assure my hon.
Friend’s constituents in Clwyd North that we want to learn all the lessons from the maladministration that we accept took place.
We have to get people timely, effective and personal communication, and not just about their state pension age but about all aspects of pensions, so that they can properly plan for their retirement.
The Pensions Minister and I will go through that with a fine-toothed comb to do everything possible to make sure it does not happen again.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
First, and for the record, the Liberal Democrats played a significant part in government in introducing the triple lock for our pensioners—it is important that people acknowledge that.
The Government’s decision is nothing short of a betrayal of WASPI women.
I know that, as in my constituency of Torbay, across the United Kingdom there will be millions of women who are shocked and horrified at that decision.
That the Government have inherited an awful state for our economy is no excuse.
That the women are being hit by the mistakes of the Tories and that the Labour Government are now using that as a shield is utterly wrong-headed.
Will the Secretary of State reflect on the decision?
The matter went to the ombudsman for its considered review, and the Liberal Democrats have long supported the ombudsman’s findings.
I am shocked that the Government are taking a pick-and-mix approach to those findings, and we therefore ask the Secretary of State to seriously reconsider the decision.
I gently say to the hon.
Gentleman, who I know was not in the House at the time, that the decision to accelerate the increase in the state pension age in 2011 was taken by the Conservative and Liberal Democrat coalition Government.
It was that which angered and annoyed many women and led to the WASPI campaign.