The scale of fuel poverty in this country is a shameful legacy of the last Government’s 14 years of failure.
It is a legacy that we are determined to turn around through our warm homes plan and our winter support package, and we will do everything we can to make sure that cold, draughty homes are a thing of the past.
The last Government left us far too reliant on foreign dictators for our energy needs.
I congratulate this Government on their focus on ending that dependence and making us energy independent.
What steps is my hon.
Friend taking to reduce bills for residents in my constituency and to further ensure that Britain remains genuinely energy independent?
My hon.
Friend is completely right.
Too many people cannot afford their energy bills—[Interruption.]
That is your legacy.
That is why we are running to deliver clean energy by 2030 and rolling out our warm homes plan, so that we can upgrade millions of homes to make them warmer and cheaper to run.
But it is not my legacy—do not worry.
The Secretary of State, the Minister for Energy and the Minister for Consumers have all said in this House that the National Energy System Operator’s report shows that the Government’s 2030 target will lower energy bills.
However, the report itself explicitly says that it does not do so, and the chief executive officer of the NESO told the Energy Security and Net Zero Select Committee last week that it “did not set out” to determine “what bills are for consumers.”
Will the Minister explain those inconsistencies and take the opportunity to correct the record?
I suggest that the hon.
Lady actually reads the report.
On page 77, the NESO sets out in black and white the system costs of a clean power system, and then what it calls
“Bill components resulting from clean power pathways”
and “Other bill changes”.
The total impact in 2030 is to reduce electricity costs by £10 per megawatt-hour.
Of course, as the NESO says, it is for the Government to make the policy choices to reduce energy bills—which we will—but it is absolutely clear that our clean power plan will reduce system costs.
Citizens Advice has found that more than a third of private tenants could not afford to heat their house to a comfortable temperature last winter, and in research published a month ago, it found that 80% of private landlords have no plans to invest in the energy efficiency of their properties in the next five years.
Can the Minister explain what the Government will do to support and incentivise private landlords to drive up minimum energy efficiency standards in their properties, and when they will do it, so that tenants can stay warm all year round?
We know that the quality of too many of our homes in the private rented sector is not high enough.
That is why we are moving forward to introduce minimum energy efficiency standards, so that we can raise those standards, lifting 1 million people out of fuel poverty.
We are running in order to get that done.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
After the Conservative Government’s failure to tackle insulation, fuel poverty is on the rise.
In my constituency, almost 20% of households with young family members—those  between five and 10 years—are fuel poor, living in cold, damp houses and choosing between eating and heating.
While we await the warm homes plan that will deal with upgrading current housing stock, will the Minister meet the Minister for Housing and Planning to ensure that all future homes will come forward with an energy rating that is a minimum of C or higher, but not beyond 2025 for the future homes standard?
We are working very closely with Housing, Communities and Local Government Ministers to deal with the future homes standard.