We are looking at the options—be they money off bills, or the community benefit funds that exist at the moment—as we work through the answers to the consultation launched by the previous Government.
However, we are clear that if communities host infrastructure that is nationally important and benefits the whole country, they should benefit from doing so.
Community benefits come in many different forms—in my constituency, Ørsted has contributed £1 million towards Horizon Youth Zone, and RWE is supporting Projekt Renewable, which is a box park learning zone—but the most wide-reaching benefit is to people’s pockets.
Schemes such as the Octopus fan club bring down people’s bills when the use of renewables is at its highest.
How can other energy retailers deliver similar savings for consumers?
My hon.
Friend asks an extremely important question.
All communities should benefit from the transformation that we want to make to the energy system.
Part of the answer is improving how we use smart systems right across the energy system, so that people have much more consumer-led flexibility in  their options—we are moving forward with that.
In the clean power action plan that we published last week, we committed to doing much more to give people the power to take advantage of some of the opportunities she mentions.
I call the shadow Minister.
Community engagement and funding are important.
With large-scale solar farms planned for agricultural land, does the Secretary of State think that there are any circumstances in which local communities might know better than him?
Communities are, and will always be, able to speak about the plans for their local area, and to contribute to consultations and planning applications—we will not change anything about that.
However, it is important to say that nationally important infrastructure will need to be built somewhere if we are to have the clean power future and energy security that everybody in this country needs.
I gently say to the hon.
Lady that, even in the most extreme statistics, less than 1% of land in this country would be used to build for solar.
Either the Conservatives are in favour of keeping us on the rollercoaster of volatile fossil fuels, or they are in favour of building clean power.
Her party used to be in favour of net zero, but now it seems to be running away from it at speed.
What steps he is taking to introduce a warm homes plan.
What steps he is taking to introduce a warm homes plan.
We are getting on with delivering our warm homes plan.
We are set to upgrade up to 300,000 homes next year.
We are introducing new standards in the private rented sector and the social rented sector that will lift 1 million people out of fuel poverty, and we are making it easier for people to install heat pumps by removing planning restrictions, expanding our boiler upgrade scheme so that more people can get a discount and boosting the heat pump industry.
Modelling suggests that one in four residents in North West Leicestershire is in fuel poverty.
Does the Minister understand the frustration many constituents will feel that, despite being in one of the wealthiest countries in the world, fuel poverty has become so commonplace?
Will she write to me with an outline of the elements in the warm homes plan that will focus on delivery for those in fuel poverty?
I share the frustration of my hon.
Friend’s constituents.
The scale of fuel poverty in this country is a shameful legacy of the last Government’s 14 years of failure.
It is a legacy that we are determined to turn around through our warm homes plan and our winter support package, and we will do everything we can to make sure that cold, draughty homes are a thing of the past.
The last Government left us far too reliant on foreign dictators for our energy needs.