I know from my constituency that there is a strong feeling about the BCSSS.
That is why my hon.
Friend the Minister for Industry has moved at speed to meet the trustees.
The schemes are not exactly the same in some of their arrangements, but my hon.
Friend  the Member for Dunfermline and (Graeme Downie)  is right to say that there is certainly a read-across from some of the injustices in the MPS, and I know that the Minister for Industry is looking at that.
As a Collier, I welcome the Government’s announcement on the mineworkers’ pension scheme.
However, as the Secretary of State has heard, the BCSSS members, including my constituent Mitch Wainwright, have raised concerns about unequal treatment, given the similarities between the schemes.
What steps are the   Secretary of State and the Minister taking to ensure that those former British Coal employees are treated as equitably as those in the MPS?
My hon.
Friend is right about the read-across and the sense that the injustice that has been remedied in the MPS needs to be remedied in the BCSSS.
There is also a real need for speed.
That is why my hon.
Friend the Minister for Industry is on the case, as she was so brilliantly on the MPS, delivering in less than five months the justice that the Conservative Government never delivered in 14 years.
In my constituency of Makerfield, more than 500 people stand to benefit from changes introduced by this Government to the mineworkers’ pension scheme.
For years, those people and their families stood by and watched as the Conservative Government stole their pensions and disrespected their work.
I want us to celebrate our industrial past and those who made this nation wealthy and powered our industrial revolution.
Does the Secretary of State agree that we need to do more to remember the legacy of mining as well as to drive up the living standards of those on the mineworkers’ pension scheme?
My hon.
Friend is right.
I think I am right in saying—my hon Friend the Minister for Industry and I have had a discussion about this—that almost every constituency—
It is every constituency.
Every constituency has members of the MPS who are benefiting from this.
I hope the Conservative party welcomes a Labour Government acting on this injustice—there is not much sign of that, though.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Makerfield (Josh Simons)  makes the point about commemorating the work of miners, which is something that I feel strongly about and that we will pursue.
I am sure that any of my constituents who stand to benefit from this increase will welcome it, but how many members of the mineworkers’ pension scheme will be losing out on winter fuel payments worth up to £300 due to the decisions that this Government have taken?
This is actually to do with the disastrous economic legacy that was left by the Conservative party.
The truth is that, even in tough times, the Labour Government are showing with their decisions on the MPS how we can make our society more just.
One of the questions I was most frequently asked when I was the trustee of one of the larger local authority pension schemes was what more the fund could do to tackle climate change, particularly in relation to investing in fossil fuel companies.
Will the Secretary of State update the House on the conversations that he has been having with the Pensions Minister to ensure that pension funds do their bit to help get us to net zero?
That is an excellent question, Mr Speaker.
I will write to the hon.
Lady with a good answer.
I was pleased to see the Secretary of State saying last week that those who host clean energy infrastructure should benefit from it.