In my constituency, almost 20% of households with young family members—those  between five and 10 years—are fuel poor, living in cold, damp houses and choosing between eating and heating.
While we await the warm homes plan that will deal with upgrading current housing stock, will the Minister meet the Minister for Housing and Planning to ensure that all future homes will come forward with an energy rating that is a minimum of C or higher, but not beyond 2025 for the future homes standard?
We are working very closely with Housing, Communities and Local Government Ministers to deal with the future homes standard.
We recognise that the fact we are building homes that are not up to the standard is a problem, and we are getting on with fixing it.
What steps he is taking to improve energy security.
What steps he is taking to improve energy security.
Last Friday, we published our landmark clean power action plan, which sets out the route towards our world-leading 2030 clean power mission, including wholesale reform of the grid and planning to make it happen.
This is the route to getting off the rollercoaster of fossil fuel markets and delivering energy security, lower bills and good jobs for the British people, as well as tackling the climate crisis.
I thank the Secretary of State for that answer.
Given Wales’s tradition and history of fuelling the UK’s energy needs, can the Secretary of State tell us what his plans are to put Wales at the heart of our energy security and net zero agenda?
My hon.
Friend asks a really important question.
The whole clean power plan is about benefiting all four nations of the United Kingdom, including Wales, and we work closely with the Welsh Government on these issues.
Before this Labour Government came to office, they were actually trailblazers on how we could have publicly owned generation, and that is one of the things that we and GB Energy are working with them on.
Meur ras, ha myttin da, Mr Speaker.
We have seen the terrible consequences for households of fossil fuel energy insecurity, and we cannot allow this to happen with the transition to renewables.
However, to achieve our net zero goals, we will have to see a massive increase in demand for critical minerals such as tin and lithium, much of the supply and processing of which will be dominated by economically bad actors.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss how the Government will be mitigating this clear and present danger?
I very much enjoyed my trip to my hon.
Friend’s constituency before the general election.
He is an incredibly powerful advocate for the way his area can source some of the critical minerals we need, including lithium, and he is right about this.
The concentration of supply chains, including critical minerals, has taken a generation to arrive, but we must unwind it, and it is one of the many things we are working on as a Government.
Small modular reactors are less land intensive, are very efficient and would get us to clean energy very quickly if the Government were to get on and actually support some orders.
As land is in scarce supply, when will the Government get on board with nuclear, instead of shackling themselves to the inefficient, land-destroying, countryside beauty-destroying and inefficient solar.
I can tell the hon.
Gentleman that we support the SMR programme, and we are driving it forward through Great British Nuclear.
I am afraid he is making a terrible mistake, which is that we need all of these clean technologies at our disposal—we need nuclear, we need renewables, we need carbon capture and storage—and the difference is that this Government are getting on with it.
We have delivered more in five months than the last Government did in 14 years.