The Minister for Pensions was the first of her kind to meet the WASPI campaign for eight years, and she is happy to meet them again.
I say to the hon.
Lady, who feels very deeply about the issue, that we will learn all the lessons from what went wrong with the delay in sending the letters out, but we do not agree that even if we had done that, they would have made the difference that the ombudsman claims.
This is not about the matter being too complicated; we do not believe that, when 90% of women aged 45 to 54 knew the state pension age was increasing, a flat-rate compensation scheme costing up to £10.5 billion would be a fair or proportionate use of taxpayers’ money.
The all-party parliamentary group on state pension inequality has found that huge numbers of women have suffered significant financial hardship; many have even lost their homes.
The Secretary of State must realise that her apology is welcome, but that it is not enough for them.
Frankly, it is unprecedented for a Government to agree with the findings of an ombudsman on the one hand, but, on the other, to refuse to initiate redress when clear injustice has occurred.
What will the Secretary of State say to reassure those women who have lost everything?
I understand the concerns that my hon.
Friend raises, but I reiterate the findings from the ombudsman’s report that there was no direct financial loss.
We agree that those letters should have been sent out earlier.
We will learn all the lessons needed to put that right.
I am more than happy to discuss precisely how we will do that with the all-party parliamentary group, so that that kind of maladministration of sending out letters never happens again.
Last month, the word “WASPI” made it into the Collins English Dictionary, which is a credit to the campaigners behind it.
Does the Secretary of State agree that she has gone through the ombudsman’s report with, to use her own words, a fine-toothed comb, in order to get the answer that she always wanted to find in the first place?
No, I do not agree with that.
It was only when we got into government that we were able to see all the information and advice provided by the Department.
I did not go into it in the way that the hon.
Gentleman suggests; that is not correct.
This report is not about the policy decision and women against state pension age  increases.
That decision was taken in 1995, agreed to by subsequent Parliaments and deemed lawful by the courts in 2020.
The ombudsman’s report is not about the state pension age increases; it is about how they were communicated.
I take responsibility for that and will make sure that we do everything possible to put it right.
This is undoubtedly a tough choice.
It is welcome that the Government will seek to learn the lessons and develop a new strategy for clear and timely comms.
Will the Secretary of State reassure the House not only that the strategy will be comprehensive, but that those with accessibility requirements are properly informed of any changes?
My hon.
Friend raises an extremely important point, which is that a one-size-fits-all approach will not work—even if it ever did.
We need to provide tailored information in an accessible way—in an easily understood and available format.
We will work extremely closely with all the necessary groups to develop that information, and, crucially, give sufficient notice.
The ombudsman’s report deals with the decisions made between 2004 and 2007, but what greatly concerned many women and led to the original WASPI campaign was the decision in 2011 to accelerate and bring forward increases in the state pension age.
Therefore, that other commitment to give sufficient and timely notice so that people can properly plan for their retirement is extremely important.