I will write to the hon.
Lady with a good answer.
I was pleased to see the Secretary of State saying last week that those who host clean energy infrastructure should benefit from it.
When landowners and developers in my constituency are cashing in on building new solar, my constituents in Bicester and Woodstock think that it is only fair that benefits are shared.
Will the Secretary of State tell me whether he will follow the model of other Governments in setting a mandatory—
Order.
Let us try somebody else.
I should declare an interest in that many of my relatives across south Wales are former miners.
In the autumn Budget, the Government quite rightly made the decision to end the pension injustice for miners who were part of the mineworkers’ pension scheme, but they did not do the same for the 40,000 miners who were part of the British coal staff superannuation scheme, including 151 former miners in my own constituency.
Will the Government guarantee that these men and women get the pension they deserve and explain why they will have to wait longer for justice than many of their former colleagues?
The hon.
Member and I both have constituency interests in this matter, and he is right to say that.
None the less, I say gently to him that no action was taken on this for a very, very long time—indeed, since privatisation.
This Government took action in the Budget in less than five months.
That is the difference.
I have made it absolutely clear that my hon.
Friend the Minister for Industry is now turning her excellent attention to the BCSSS.
rose—
I am not sure whether there are many coalmines in Strangford, but come on then—I call Jim Shannon.
May I welcome what the Government and the Minister are doing on this matter?
This good scheme takes care of an injustice from some 30 years ago.
There are those in Northern Ireland who worked in the mines, and their families are still concerned about this issue.
Can we have a timescale for the completion of the work on the British coal staff superannuation scheme, which some of them would have qualified for?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question.
I am glad that he, too—like everyone else in this House, according to my hon.
Friend the Minister for Industry—has constituents who will be benefiting from this work.
The best I can say to him on this issue, which has now been rightly raised a number of times, is that the Minister for Industry will have heard the calls made with real urgency, which I think we all recognise, and will act accordingly.
What steps he is taking to support community energy projects.
Community energy will play a pivotal role in our mission for clean power.
Last week, we published the clean power action plan, which contained more information about how we will meet this world-leading mission, and the report confirmed that community energy will play an important role, particularly through Great British Energy.
Renewable energy schemes on community buildings in my Oxfordshire constituency of Didcot and Wantage, supported by the Low Carbon Hub in Oxford, have mostly benefited building owners up to now.
Would the Minister support more flexibility in local energy systems and allow local energy trading to get more support for renewable energy schemes in our communities, so that more local people can directly benefit?
The hon.
Gentleman makes an incredibly important point about how local community groups can benefit from not just hosting the community energy, but from being able to sell locally.
We have had a number of conversations on this topic already.
I most recently met the community energy contact group, which does a lot of work to look at what regulations there might be, and we are happy to look at any proposals that come forward.