We will work extremely closely with all the necessary groups to develop that information, and, crucially, give sufficient notice.
The ombudsman’s report deals with the decisions made between 2004 and 2007, but what greatly concerned many women and led to the original WASPI campaign was the decision in 2011 to accelerate and bring forward increases in the state pension age.
Therefore, that other commitment to give sufficient and timely notice so that people can properly plan for their retirement is extremely important.
The Secretary of State says in her statement: “Research given to the ombudsman shows only around a quarter of people who are sent unsolicited letters actually remember receiving and reading them.”
I would like to know the terms of that research.
Did it, for example, say on the envelope, “Important financial information affecting your pension”?
If something like that were on an envelope, I think that there would be a very different response rate.
Given that she is having trouble accepting that people look at serious letters that really affect them, perhaps the Chancellor could use some of her ability to get these messages across, as was so successful in the case of advising pensioners that they would be losing the winter fuel allowance.
I am happy to write to the right hon.
Gentleman about this research and its findings, which are robust.
I reflect on the fact that three of the sample cases that the ombudsman looked into had received a letter, but I am more than happy to provide him with the details of that research.
In the framing of my question to the Secretary of State, I first wish to say that I am appalled by this announcement.
I have campaigned with WASPI women, as have many parliamentary colleagues, and this is an incredible let down for them.
In my opinion, WASPI women certainly do not need words of disappointment and hollow statements.
What they need is justice.
Does the Secretary of State not agree with that?
I believe that this is a difficult decision, but the right and fair one.
We accept that there has been maladministration.
Once the Department had reached  its decision, those letters should have been sent out.
For the reasons that I have explained, we do not accept the ombudsman’s approach to injustice, remedy or compensation.
We have to take difficult decisions in government, but this is about what I think is right and fair.
I am happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss the matter in more detail if he so wishes.
It is a gross understatement for the Secretary of State to say that 1950s women will be disappointed, especially given that this new Government are setting a precedent by ignoring an independent resolution process.
I signpost constituents to the ombudsman on a regular basis; we all do.
It is one of the ways that we hold the Government and Government bodies to account, and it is a core part of our democracy.
Can the Secretary of State explain how we can have faith in that process if the Government choose to ignore the ombudsman’s findings?
Given the fact that, as a constituent MP, the Secretary of State herself supported the WASPI campaign, can she advise whether the £22 billion black hole has had any consequence on her decision making?
We did campaign against the acceleration of changes to the state pension age brought forward by the Conservative-Liberal Democrat Government, but that is not what this decision is about.
The decision on the state pension age has already been taken.
I do value the ombudsman’s role; I refer many cases myself.
We accept his findings on maladministration, but we do not accept his view on injustice.
None the less, the ombudsman continues to have an important role to play for many constituency MPs, and I for one will continue to refer cases to the ombudsman, as I always have done.