However, as the House will know, the general election was called less than two months   later.
Given that it has taken Labour five months since the general election to provide its findings, I am sure the Secretary of State would agree that there was insufficient time to take a considered and fair decision between the publication of the report and the election.
I am glad that the Secretary of State has picked this issue up since coming into office and has brought her statement to the House today.
I will be considering it in more detail in the days and weeks to come, as well as the basis on which she has reached her conclusion.
I am sure that the Government’s statement today will be a huge disappointment to WASPI women, and I recognise the strength of feeling about the issue.
As a constituency MP, I have met WASPI women who live in Faversham and Mid Kent and heard their personal stories.
No doubt campaigners will note the Government’s apology for the decisions made between 2005 and 2007 that led to a 28-month delay in sending out letters, which the ombudsman identified as “maladministration”.
But let us be clear: the decision to provide no compensation is the Government’s decision, and they need to own it.
I am not going to let them get away with saying that there is no compensation because of a fictional black hole in the public finances.
The country’s financial position now is a result of their political choices.
They should not try to dodge responsibility by suggesting to WASPI women that, if times were different, they might have come to a different conclusion.
Government compensation should always be based on what is fair and just.
That brings me to some questions.
Given the announcement that they will not be providing financial compensation, will the Government put forward any other non-financial form of remedy for the women affected?
Will the Secretary of State be involving the WASPI campaigners in the action plan she has referred to and what is the timeline for that?
The Secretary of State claimed that pensioners are better off under Labour, but let us not forget that it was the Conservatives who introduced and protected the triple lock, which has seen the state pension increase by £3,700 since 2010, and there are now 200,000 fewer pensioners living in absolute poverty.
Does the right hon.
Lady know how many women affected by her decision are on pension credit?
Labour’s own impact assessment shows that its decision to scrap the winter fuel payment will see 5.2 million women lose out.
How many of those hit by those cuts to the winter fuel payment are also affected by today’s announcement?
Finally, given that the Government have dismissed the recommendations of the Parliamentary and Health Service Ombudsman, will the Secretary of State set out what implications she sees for the future of the ombudsman?
I welcome the overall tone of the hon.
Lady’s comments.
I am glad that she is finally considering her party’s response to the ombudsman’s report, and I am sure that the whole House looks forward to its detailed response to the findings and recommendations, which were not provided when the Conservatives were in Government.
I am sorry that the hon.
Lady still fails to take responsibility for the state of the public finances.
We have taken full responsibility for that and have taken  difficult decisions on the public finances.
We have also taken this very difficult decision in response to the ombudsman’s report and have provided that to the House as quickly as we have been able, given the huge amount of information we have had to go through.
The hon.
Lady asks about next steps.
We have three clear things that we intend to do.
We will produce a detailed action plan.