She cannot hide behind saying that “We have no money”.
We just had the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero in questions boasting that he is bunging billions of pounds to power companies, yet we cannot honour the commitments made to people who were wrongly treated in the pensions system.
I hate to disagree with the right hon.
Gentleman, but I did not say it was only about there being no money.
I said it was because we do not agree  that if we had sent those letters earlier, it would have made the difference that he says, and because, when 90% of women aged 45 to 54 knew the state pension age was increasing, we do not believe a flat rate is pertinent.
I say this to him: we do take the public finances seriously.
We have to make difficult decisions, and we cannot spend more than we have.
We will continue with that approach, but based on our values.
We do not believe that what has been set out is the right or fair way forward.
I have come to the House honestly to make that decision plain, but I would be happy to talk to him in more detail if he would like.
The Secretary of State says the report is about the way this was communicated to those 1950s-born women and that earlier letters would not have made a difference, but they would have made a difference to individuals’ financial planning, their retirement dates, the notice they gave to their jobs, and the wider family arrangements and commitments they had made.
There have undoubtedly been losses for those 1950s-born women.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Stoke-on-Trent Central (Gareth Snell)  just gave the Government an opportunity to reconsider that at some point in the future.
Is she sure that she will not take that offer?
I know my hon.
Friend cares passionately about this issue and many other issues related to pensioners.
I repeat what I said in my statement and, indeed, what the ombudsman said, which is there was no direct financial loss for the women.
This is not about the increase in the state pension age; it is about how it was communicated.
The research shows that only one in four people who get an unsolicited letter remember receiving or reading it, so sending those letters out earlier would not have made the difference.
We cannot justify a flat-rate compensation scheme or, indeed, an individualised compensation scheme on that basis.
When the Secretary of State was in opposition, she said she was a “long-standing supporter” of WASPI women.
Given that, what would she say to the WASPI women in my constituency, the 3,300 in her constituency and those across the country who will be disappointed at her rejection of any compensation, even if not at the level the ombudsman recommended?