It is important that we look at every possible option, and we have done.
It is also important that the Government are clear that we want to see a long-term sustainable future for the refinery site.
That is why we invested in Project Willow, which at the moment is coming up with credible investable propositions for the site.
We want to protect the workers and do whatever we can to ensure a just transition at Grangemouth and for industry right across the country, but those options need to be long-term and sustainable so that we do not drive workers back into this process again a few years down the line.
We are committed to ensuring that we invest in long-term sustainable propositions for the site, and of course we will meet anyone and discuss any propositions to help make that happen.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
It is so good to hear the Minister affirm the need to bring the public onside, as well as private sector investment, to achieve the transformation towards green power and net zero.
The Liberal Democrats support Great British Energy if community energy is at the centre of the Great British Energy Bill.
Our colleagues in the Lords are debating amendments relating to direct participation in and benefit from community energy.
Will the Minister agree to those proposals if they come to this House?
In the spirit of Christmas, I thank the hon.
Lady for all the engagement and discussions we have had—[Interruption.]
The Conservative Front Benchers groan, but I have joy for their party at Christmas as well.
We are absolutely committed to community energy, which was in our manifesto.
At every stage of the Bill, we have committed to community energy being  right at the heart of what Great British Energy will do.
If their lordships make any amendments in their consideration of the Bill, we will of course consider those amendments when the Bill comes back to this place.
However, I say gently to the hon.
Lady that her party did not support Great British Energy, so it cannot now claim credit for the things that Great British Energy will deliver.
If he will make an assessment of the potential merits of establishing a community benefit scheme for households near new energy infrastructure.
We have made clear, through the clean power action plan that we announced last week, that where communities host clean energy infrastructure, we will ensure that they benefit from it.
There are many options in that area, including community funds and direct support for households, and we are exploring all those options to ensure that communities can benefit from the clean power mission.
There is a proposal to build 65 wind turbines on protected peatland in the neighbouring Calderdale council area, which I am staunchly against.
To make matters worse, if the development is approved, my constituents will not benefit from any community benefit scheme, despite being on the periphery of the proposed location.
How will the Secretary of State ensure that my constituents get their fair share of any community benefit scheme should the proposal be approved?
I cannot comment on the specific details of the case.
However, I would like to know more about why the hon.
Gentleman’s community might not benefit, because the aim is for all communities affected by hosting infrastructure to benefit in different ways.
We are looking at the options—be they money off bills, or the community benefit funds that exist at the moment—as we work through the answers to the consultation launched by the previous Government.
However, we are clear that if communities host infrastructure that is nationally important and benefits the whole country, they should benefit from doing so.
Community benefits come in many different forms—in my constituency, Ørsted has contributed £1 million towards Horizon Youth Zone, and RWE is supporting Projekt Renewable, which is a box park learning zone—but the most wide-reaching benefit is to people’s pockets.