The hon.
Lady will know, because she sat on the Procurement Bill Committee, that we have a new procurement regime coming in, but in the case she refers to it is my understanding that everything was above board and in line with due process.
Madam Deputy Speaker, may I join you in wishing my hon.
Friend the Minister a happy birthday?
Given that the constitution is reserved to this UK Parliament, and given that there did not appear to be much in the way of anything new in the programme for government set out this week, does my hon.
Friend agree that the First Minister of Scotland would do well to focus on the real issues that matter to the people and businesses of Scotland, rather than obsessing with breaking up the United Kingdom?
As ever, my hon.
Friend has his finger on the pulse.
I was lucky enough to be on a work trip to Edinburgh and Glasgow just before the summer break, and all the people I met there were interested in employment, skills, the state of the health service, and law and order.
Not one person raised a second referendum with me, which is because it is not among people’s priorities in Scotland.
People’s priorities are the same as those of the Westminster Government.
Ipsos recently published its annual poll on trust in politics, which revealed that only 12% of respondents actually believed what a politician was saying—the lowest level in 29 years.
Will the Minister look again at my Elected Representatives (Codes of Conduct) Bill, which is aimed specifically at restoring trust and confidence in politics and politicians?
I am very happy to look again at the hon.
Lady’s work.
Our general belief is that it is our actions in this place and outside it as elected representatives that will restore trust in politics rather than legislation, and that is a job for all of us.
The cost to Government of ill health runs into hundreds of billions.
The economic impact of obesity alone is estimated to be over £58 billion, accounting for the cost to the NHS and social care, lost productivity, workforce inactivity and welfare payments.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree with me that it is time for a taskforce to look holistically at health and societal challenges and to develop early intervention strategies on a multi-departmental basis?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to highlight those challenges.
The health service—I have seen this in my own constituency—is coming up with innovative models to look at wider public health, and to address exactly that issue.
We want to get more people back into the workforce, and we need to deal with some of those long-term challenges.
Although the police data leak in Northern Ireland was caused by human error, it raises wider concerns about cyber-security and data for our public service workers.
I have been approached by constituents who work particularly within policing.
They would like some reassurance that the Cabinet Office is working with forces across England and Wales to ensure that those types of data breaches do not happen again, and that the Cabinet Office will do more work on securing people’s personal data, particularly when they are working in services such as the police force.
The hon.
Gentleman is right to say that this issue is local to the Police Service of Northern Ireland, but he is also right—I fully acknowledge this—that there may be questions to learn across Government about how we make certain that people’s data is secure.
It is critical that individuals working and providing a service to the country know that their data is secure.
I agree with him on that, and I have had discussions with officials about what we can to do ensure we can give that reassurance.