We have a great track record on improving animal welfare, and our animal welfare legislation is now world leading.
We are still committed to those manifesto commitments, and my committee is busy looking at these issues.
She will know that further business will be announced in the usual way, but she should be reassured.
Today is 270 days since Azerbaijan began its blockade of the Lachin corridor, causing huge hardship to the population of Nagorno-Karabakh, who are under siege without basic supplies and whose suffering is getting worse.
Can we have an urgent statement from a Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office Minister to make sure the Government are using all the levers they have to press Azerbaijan to comply with international obligations and lift the blockade?
I thank the hon.
Lady for raising this matter.
Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office questions are not until  24 October , so I will write on her behalf to make sure that Ministers have heard her concerns.
I want to praise the Rush skatepark team and stars such as Edith Bowman, Tom Smith, Andy Burrows and Katy Pearson for organising an incredible fundraising event at the Sub Rooms on Friday night.
Young people are, sadly, still devastated by the council’s decision to close Rush skatepark a few years ago, but we are working to rebuild a brand-new, even better skatepark for them.
I urge everyone in the district to support it.
Will my right hon.
Friend agree to look into how often sports such as skating, scooting and BMX get attention in this place and see whether she can find time for a debate on this life-changing set of sports and their popularity among young people?
I thank my hon.
Friend for the work she is doing to ensure that these much-needed facilities can continue in her constituency.
She is absolutely right, and I know that many Members of this House very much value sports clubs and societies, and particularly the sports she mentions.
She will know that, if she were to apply for a debate, it would be well attended.
We have had a number of debates on these issues quite recently.
Osteoporosis affects about 15% of the UK population, especially women.
Early diagnosis is vital and could lead to many thousands of preventable deaths.
The Royal Osteoporosis Society is based in Bath, and I am sure the Leader of the House and everybody here will join me in congratulating it on its excellent work.
The Royal United Hospital in Bath has a specialist fracture clinic, but only half of NHS England trusts provide such clinics.
Can we have a debate in the House on support for fracture liaison services and on people living with osteoporosis?
I thank the hon.
Lady for raising this issue and for the work going on in her constituency on this important matter.
The next questions to the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care will be on  17 October , and I will therefore draw to his attention the good best practice in her constituency.
Osteoporosis and brittle bones are a key cause of fractures.
If we could reduce pressure on the NHS by making sure we alleviate those conditions, that would be good too.
Residents across Keighley and our wider area are getting fed up with fireworks constantly being let off throughout the night and well into the early hours of the morning.
That is not limited to bonfire night; it is happening throughout the year.
Many are part of celebratory events, particularly weddings, and are let off by families who have no consideration for their neighbours, which is having an impact on young people, pets and hard-working people who just want to get a decent night’s sleep so that they can get up in the morning.
May we have a debate in Government time on better enforcement, holding West Yorkshire police to account, and tougher licensing provisions on the sale of fireworks?