Where Labour is in power, and in its support of strikes and votes against our legislation, it shows that it cannot and will not deliver on those priorities of the British people.
I will close by giving the hon.
Lady, on her first outing, some advice.
From this Pompey supporter to that Man City supporter opposite: in politics, as in football, the blue team is always best.
This House, as the Leader of the House is aware, takes a dim view of bullying—unless it is by me.
She will be shocked to learn that Britain’s worst water company has now resorted to thuggery and strong-arm tactics to silence parliamentarians and the press.
I refer, of course, to the Pennon Group, which includes the nation’s filthiest and leakiest supplier, South West Water.
Its chairman, Gill Rider—who worked for the Cabinet Office and so is used to leaks, I suppose—has hired City lawyers to threaten the press and parliamentarians if we speak out against the company.
She is running a mob that has convictions for polluting rivers, pays its top gun criminal bonuses and, despite the wettest July on record, still has a hosepipe ban.
It is operating like a mafia.
This is absolutely appalling.
May we have an urgent debate in Government time on these ruddy water companies, who are blackmailing their customers and parliamentarians to stop the truth coming out?
My hon.
Friend has raised issues related to that particular company many times in business questions, and the whole House can sense his frustration and anger with what is happening.
I suggest that he may wish to raise the matter with the relevant Secretary of State on  19 October .
He is an experienced parliamentarian and will know how he can achieve a debate.
I, too, welcome the shadow Leader of the House to her post and I pay real tribute to her predecessor.
It is a bit of a surprise to us all that the Leader of the House herself is still in post, hanging on against all the odds, especially given the way her Government are  unravelling day by catastrophic day.
During summer recess we all saw her on her latest leadership tour in Scotland.
Madam Deputy Speaker, she cannot stay away from the place.
Two visits in one year—it must be a record for a Tory Minister!
Speaking at a fringe event, she characterised Scotland as a “fierce and powerful nation” being held back by the “bile and hatred” of the SNP.
In her reflections on her visit, the Leader of the House mounted a defence of the Union based on our “poems”, “our rivalry”, and our “blood and our brotherhood”.
Madam Deputy Speaker, we have no interest in being “fierce”, whatever that means; we just want the power to govern ourselves like any modern democratic country and build a fairer, greener and more prosperous nation.
I think I know why the Leader of the House is so keen to head north of the border.
It is because when she is there she sees a very different country.
I could not put it better than the respected Oxford professor Danny Dorling, who said last month:
“Scotland is showing us the route to a fairer society and is helping to prevent Britain from becoming a failed state.”
Professor Dorling added:
“Scotland already has a lower proportion of children living in poverty than the most affluent region of England, which is the south east.
Further progress”—
on inequality—
“has been achieved through the Scottish Child Payment…raised to £25 a week”.
And finally:
“Scotland shows us a better way forward.”
In contrast, he has described the reaction of politicians in England to addressing inequality as being to promise
“only minor remedial actions with short-term impact”.