May we please have a debate in Government time to see what this place can do to better protect such heritage pubs?
Hear, hear!
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that important issue, and I hope the approval for his question that I have just heard across both sides of the House was audible to others.
I believe that this appalling incident is still subject to a police investigation, but it appears that roads leading to the pub were blocked to prevent emergency vehicles from reaching the fire.
I hope I speak for all of us when I say that this is an appalling and disgraceful situation.
I was encouraged by the statement from Andy Street that it would be dealt with, and that if it turned out that there had been foul play, people would be held to account.
I am sure that if my hon.
Friend applied for a debate it would be extremely well attended, and that he has the support of everyone in this place.
I thank the Leader of the House for announcing next week’s business.
I note that she did not announce the business for Monday 18 and  Tuesday 19 September , but I understand that the Government intend to award the Tuesday to the Backbench Business Committee.
If that is the case, we would propose a pre-recess general debate on matters to be raised before the forthcoming Adjournment.
The one that took place before the summer recess was very well subscribed and time limits were imposed, and I am sure that this would also be a popular debate.
I now need to declare an interest, in that I am the chair of the governors of a maintained primary school and a member of the board of trustees of an academy trust.
One aspect of the Government’s management of the crisis over reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete in schools is, on the face of it, bizarre if not perverse and wasteful: namely the fact that moving furniture from an affected school to an empty building would apparently fall under revenue costs and would not be allowable under the Government’s current proposals.
If the school decided not to move furniture but to buy brand-new furniture for an empty building, that would be allowed to fall under capital costs.
That seems to me to be a very strange decision on the part of the Department for Education.
Could the Leader of the House perhaps check to see whether that is indeed the case, and if it is, could she persuade the Department to change its mind about supporting revenue costs, given that that would be wasteful and unwise?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his always helpful adverts for forthcoming Backbench Business opportunities.
He knows that I wish to give him as much notice as possible, and I will continue to do so when we have locked in the time.
I am all in favour of gumption being applied, and I will make sure the Secretary of State for Education, who is also in favour of gumption being applied, has heard what he has said today and makes sure all Members know the facts.
We have manifesto commitments to ban the live export of animals for slaughter and to crack down on the illegal smuggling of dogs.
The Animal Welfare (Kept Animals) Bill would have delivered those promises, but it was withdrawn.
When will the Government produce new legislation to keep those important promises?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for raising this important point.
We have a great track record on improving animal welfare, and our animal welfare legislation is now world leading.
We are still committed to those manifesto commitments, and my committee is busy looking at these issues.
She will know that further business will be announced in the usual way, but she should be reassured.