We are looking at all ways that we can continue to assist those who have come over from Afghanistan.
I, too, pay tribute to all the Home Office liaison officers and all the staff in the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities and in the Ministry of Defence who have worked hard to get this over the line.
I said that we would honour our commitments to the people of Afghanistan and we will continue to do so.
The Minister will be acutely aware, as I am, that around 2,000 Afghans who are entitled to the Afghan relocations and assistance policy are stuck in hotels in Islamabad.
I know that he has seen the letter that went to the Prime Minister, which I signed along with other colleagues.
What is the plan to get those 2,000 ARAP-entitled Afghans into settled accommodation?
The hon.
Member knows that this has been a long-standing concern of mine, both before Government and in Government.
My area of specific responsibility in terms of getting people here and into hotels and accommodation has been completed.
That is a Home Office area, and I have not had discussions on it so far, but everybody is aware of our commitment to the people who served in Afghanistan, and the Government will follow through on their commitment to those people.
What steps he is taking with Cabinet colleagues to (a) recognise the contribution of nuclear test veterans and (b) support the roll-out of the Nuclear Test Medal.
While Hollywood remembers the work of Oppenheimer, the Government are committed to recognising the contribution of veterans and civilian staff across the UK and the Commonwealth to Britain’s nuclear test  programme.
The Office for Veterans’ Affairs is investing £450,000 in projects to commemorate and build further understanding of their experiences.
I recently visited the Worcestershire Medal Service in Birmingham’s jewellery quarter to see the first nuclear test medals start rolling off the production line.
Will my right hon.
Friend update the House on the progress of applications for the nuclear test medal, and whether the medals will be ready to be awarded by Remembrance Sunday?
Of course.
Last time we were here, I made a commitment that we would do everything possible to get these medals on chests by Remembrance Sunday.
We are in line with that commitment.
We will meet that commitment.
This has been a 70-year project and campaign by these individuals.
I totally respect that for some it is not fast enough, and for some it is not enough to be done.
We are straining every sinew to bring recognition to this cohort and we will continue to do so.
We will have those medals ready for Remembrance Sunday this year.
I am pleased to hear that continued commitment to ensuring that medals are with nuclear test veterans in time for Remembrance Sunday.
Our nuclear test veterans served our country with pride and distinction, but given the uncertainty caused by the Government’s previous comments that the medals would be awarded by late summer, and then that they would be ready in the autumn, can we have some clarity, and will the Minister tell the House what recent discussions he has had with nuclear test veterans and their representatives about a formal medal ceremony?
Can he guarantee that nuclear test veterans will be awarded their medals in a manner befitting their brave service?
The hon.
Member will be aware that Remembrance Sunday is coming up, which is a timeline that campaigners wanted to meet.
That gives us a narrow window to do the sort of ceremony that I would think befits these individuals.
It is a balance between getting the medals on people’s chests for Remembrance Sunday and at the same time ensuring that they are awarded in a manner that is in keeping with their service.
That is simply the art of the possible and what can be done.