That gives us a narrow window to do the sort of ceremony that I would think befits these individuals.
It is a balance between getting the medals on people’s chests for Remembrance Sunday and at the same time ensuring that they are awarded in a manner that is in keeping with their service.
That is simply the art of the possible and what can be done.
I am proud of what the Government have done on nuclear test veterans.
Her party, when it was in power, did not award nuclear test veterans; in fact, she signed early-day motions to campaign against nuclear weapons, so I will not take any lessons on this.
I am proud of what we have done, and I look forward to seeing medals on chests for Remembrance Sunday.
How many days of sick leave due to mental health were taken by civil servants in 2022.
Civil service sickness absence data are published annually.
The latest data indicate that an average of 2.3 working days were lost per staff year due to mental ill health for the year ending  31 March 2022 .
I understand that nearly three quarters of a million civil service working days were lost due to alleged stress and mental health reasons, and that that figure is 40% up on the year before.
Of course those with genuine mental health needs need appropriate support but, given that many civil servants enjoy pay and pension packages way in excess of what many people can get in the private sector, what steps are the Government taking to ensure that only those with genuine mental health conditions are granted a leave of absence?
I know my hon.
Friend will be aware that there has been, in both the private and public sectors, a large spike in all sickness absence this year, because of course the comparative data were with the pandemic period.
The good news for him is that the most recent figures from the Office for National Statistics show that sickness absence for all forms is lower in the most recent period in central Government Departments than it is in the private sector.
We work with people who are unwell, using occupational health and employee assistance provision to ensure that they get the support that they need.
We continue to wish to drive down the numbers of people who are off for ill health and to ensure that those who are unwell get the support that they require, but we work with them.
What assessment he has made with Cabinet colleagues of the potential impact of the border target operating model on the price of (a) meat, (b) fresh produce and (c) other foodstuffs.
In April, the Government published a draft British border target operating model and on  29 August  we published our final border target operating model, confirming its introduction on  31 January  next year.
It outlines our new controls regime, using better technology and co-ordination to reduce friction and costs, and will provide a simpler, yet secure, experience for traders moving goods across the border.
Small businesses up and down the country have spent countless hours and millions of pounds preparing for these changes, only to find that the Government are delaying implementation for the fifth time.
How does the Minister expect businesses to have any confidence in making long-term investment and supply chain decisions when this Government have such a long list of U-turns and policy blunders?
The hon.
Lady is right that we have pushed the date back several times, first because of covid, secondly because of Ukraine and thirdly to ease the pressure of the cost of living crisis.
We are now working in line with business readiness, having had regular engagement with people across the sector.