I would love to see the Speaker of the House and all Members at the launch, but will the Leader of the House allow for a debate specifically on what we can do to ensure that the inequalities that affected the experience of the pandemic are addressed adequately?
I thank the hon.
Lady for raising this matter and advertising this event.
She is absolutely right, particularly as the covid inquiry looks at these matters, that the experiences and concerns of those who lost loved ones should be at the forefront.
It was a terribly traumatic few years for everyone, with the isolation and the additional pressures that people faced.
To lose, in some cases, multiple family members during such a time is incredibly hard to metabolise and bear.
She will know how to apply for a debate, but if she sends the details to my office I shall look at ways I can support this.
My constituents generally support reaching net zero, but not when we put in front of them the estimated increase in costs to their family to pay for it, not least the additional costs of green tariffs on energy bills, moving away from gas boilers, banning new petrol cars, and so on.
The transition to net zero is estimated to cost around £1 trillion and will invariably be borne by hard-working families who can least afford it.
Having debated the Energy Bill this week, would now be an opportune time to consider holding a debate on the estimated costs of net zero and how it will affect ordinary families in this country?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that important point.
I have great sympathy with what he outlines.
I would not just say, “What is the fair and right thing to do?”
If we want to be successful in making this transition, and helping other countries to do so, we can do that only with technology, solutions and innovation that people will love and want to adopt, and that will make their bills cheaper and their lives easier.
That is the only way we will be successful in meeting our environmental ambitions.
I encourage him to apply for a debate, and to focus on not just the costs, but the value of innovation and how we can encourage British businesses to be at the forefront of it, and take their ideas and sell them to the world.