I will make sure that the Secretaries of State for Northern Ireland and for Defence have heard his concerns.
Last weekend, I was thrilled to attend Southend City Jam, an international festival of street art.
It is the largest in Europe and displayed 240 artists from around the world, including Brian Lewis, known as JEKS, from North Carolina, who is in the Public Gallery, along with his girlfriend, Melissa.
Given the festival brought in over 200,000  visitors to the new city of Southend, can we have a debate on the role of street art as part of our rich cultural heritage?
It sounds like an absolutely wonderful event.
I thank my hon.
Friend for bringing it, as well as our visitors, to the House’s attention.
She will know that almost £5 million in Arts Council England funding has been awarded to 162 organisations involved in street art or graffiti art, which is an important part of our culture.
She may also wish to give the subject another airing at the next Culture, Media and Sport questions, the date of which is to be confirmed.
Section 71 of the Police, Crime, Sentencing and Courts Act 2022 requires that by April 2023 the Government lay before Parliament a report on spiking.
That deadline has long passed and the Government are now facing threats of legal action for failing to meet their statutory duty.
The longer the Government dither and delay, the more vulnerable people are put at risk.
Can the Leader of the House confirm the precise date that she expects the report to be laid before Parliament?
I thank the hon.
Lady for raising that important point.
I will make sure that the Home Secretary has heard her concerns and contacts her office with an update.
The next questions to the Home Office will be on  18 September .
Many of my constituents have contacted me to express concern about the delay in passing regulations on the use of electronic collars.
Electronic collars work by delivering an electronic pulse to suppress unwanted behaviour, which can be painful and frightening and even decrease the animal’s ability to learn, so I was pleased that in April the Government announced a very welcome ban on their use.
However, no date has been set for the final stages of legislation.
More than 90% of the population are in favour of implementing a ban as soon as possible on this cruel practice.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree, and can she confirm a timetable for bringing forward this important piece of legislation?
My hon.
Friend is right that we are committed to this matter.
We are not intending to ban things such as perimeter fencing, which protect animals, but shock collars cause unnecessary suffering.
I will make sure that the Secretary of State has heard her keenness for an update.
She will know that the next Environment, Food and Rural Affairs questions are not until  19 October , so I will write to the Department today on her behalf.
I congratulate my hon.
Friend  the Member for Manchester Central (Lucy Powell) —my good friend and Greater Manchester neighbour—on her appointment to her new position as shadow Leader of the House.
I know that she will do an excellent job.
I also wish to congratulate my hon.
Friend  the Member for Blaenau Gwent (Nick Smith)  on being appointed her deputy.
As Britain and India negotiate a trade agreement, it is important that benefits of such a deal are shared across the regions and nations.
Despite a large community of people of Indian heritage and many Indian businesses in the north of England, and the fact that Manchester airport, a stone’s throw from my constituency, is the third busiest airport in the UK, there are no direct flights between Manchester and India.