I am expecting the final report in the autumn, putting us in a place to respond as swiftly as possible once it is received.
Yesterday marked a year since the Prime Minister’s predecessor took office, and as you may remember, Madam Deputy Speaker, a lettuce ended up outlasting her.
Due to Tory economic mismanagement, that same lettuce would now cost around 20% more.
The cost of food might not be an issue for the Prime Minister, who is the richest   MP in the House of Commons, but it is a concern for my constituents.
What discussions have Ministers had with Cabinet colleagues on tackling food insecurity?
I know that the Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs and the Chancellor of the Exchequer engage regularly with supermarkets, food providers and others to make sure that we continue to keep prices low.
It is the case that since the Prime Minister came to office, we are now seeing inflation falling, and we have seen a record upward revision in growth numbers, which now show that we recovered faster from covid than any other European country, contrary to the repeated assertions of the parties on the Opposition Benches.
I am going to have another go: why is it that  the Minister has not been able even to implement recommendation 17 of the second interim report, which is to set up a bespoke psychological service for those infected and affected, when other nations of the United Kingdom have been able to do that?
Why has England been left out?
Why have the Government not been able to do that?
That issue is being taken forward, as the right hon.
Lady knows, by the Department of Health and Social Care.
I know it has made substantial progress on exactly such a scheme, and I look forward to it making an announcement in due course.
The forthcoming by-election in Rutherglen and Hamilton West will be the first in Scotland under the new requirement for voter identification.
We know that thousands of voters in England were disenfranchised at council elections because they did not have a passport or driving licence.
What specific steps is the Cabinet Office taking to make sure that the voters of Rutherglen and Hamilton West, who want to turn out in their thousands to elect Katy Loudon as their MP, are not prevented from doing so because they are too poor to own a passport or driving licence?
I hope the hon.
Gentleman is not suggesting that people can only vote if they have a passport or driver’s licence.
If he does not know that that is untrue, he now does.
We have had a widespread publicity campaign to ensure that people understand the identity requirements at elections.
At the local elections, despite considerable scaremongering from Opposition parties, the disruption was minimal.
That concludes questions.
I pause for a moment to allow the change of dramatis personae on the Front Bench—there is quite a lot of movement this morning.
We come to business questions, and I welcome Lucy Powell to her new post as shadow Leader of the House.
Will the Leader of the House give us the business for next week?
The business for next week is as follows:
Monday 11 September —General debate on Ukraine, followed by a motion relating to appointments to the Electoral Commission.
Tuesday 12 September —Tributes to the Clerk of the House, followed by consideration of Lords amendments to the Online Safety Bill, followed by a debate on a motion to approve the draft Misuse of Drugs Act 1971 (Amendment) Order 2023.
Wednesday 13 September —Consideration of Lords amendments to the Procurement Bill [Lords], followed by consideration of a Lords message on the Economic Crime and Corporate Transparency Bill, followed by a debate on a motion to approve the draft Terrorism Act 2000 (Proscribed Organisations) (Amendment) Order 2023.