Will she lay before Parliament the advice given to the Prime Minister before the spending reviews that cut funding to school rebuilding?
Can she tell us exactly when the “new evidence” of the imminent danger was given to Ministers?
Will she guarantee that the list of schools published yesterday is correct, and pledge that Ministers will come to Parliament to update it?
Will she confirm that 19 of the schools affected had building projects cancelled in 2010?
Will she lay before Parliament a full list of all public buildings affected by reinforced autoclaved aerated concrete?
May I advise the Leader of the House not to repeat the nonsense we heard during Prime Minister’s questions yesterday?
Indeed, will she first correct the record of the Prime Minister’s claims?
The Leader of the Opposition has raised school building safety many times, including through Opposition day motions, which the Leader of the House voted against.
Labour’s programme, which was aimed at secondary schools, was the biggest capital investment in schools for a generation, and her Government scrapped it immediately on taking office.
Before criticising it again today, she might want to be reminded of the fact that the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities has since said that scrapping it was his “biggest mistake”.
Finally, we have had no mention of this week’s anniversary, which Conservative Members might want to forget: it is one year since  the right hon.
Member for South West Norfolk (Elizabeth Truss)  became Prime Minister.
In the interests of parliamentary accountability, it is an important event to debate, as her six-week tenure left a crippling legacy for mortgage holders, with millions now paying hundreds of pounds a month more, thanks to her reckless decisions, all of which the Leader of the House defended and supported.
At the time, the Leader of the House said that the right hon.
Member for South West Norfolk had a “bold economic plan”.
Will she now apologise for putting her in office and for the price the rest of us are paying for her kamikaze Budget?
Will she bring forward legislation to stop the House being brought further into disrepute by the former Prime Minister’s elevating her cronies to the House of Lords?
We have had no contrition.
It is the Leader of the House’s job to uphold the integrity of this place and its Members, including former Prime Ministers, in the eyes of the public.
How will she ensure that Parliament can do this?
First, I add my voice to the many who have paid tribute to the Lionesses for their incredible achievements.
We are all so proud of them, not just for the brilliant football they played, but for their conduct and the solidarity they have shown with the Spanish team.
I do wish to commemorate an important anniversary, but a different one from the one that  the hon.
Member for Manchester Central (Lucy Powell)  mentioned.
Many right hon.
and hon.
Members will be thinking of Her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth II on the anniversary of her death, which is this week, and I anticipate many tributes to her service, strength and devotion to duty in the coming days.
I also pay tribute to  the hon.
Member for Bristol West (Thangam Debbonaire)  for her service to this House.
I very much enjoyed working with her.
I welcome the hon.
Member for Manchester Central and her team to this place.
I hope I can say congratulations to her, but I understand if commiserations are in order.
The clock has struck midnight and she has had to leave the glittering ball that is the culture, media and sport brief.
Gone are the growling engines of Silverstone, the champagne flutes of the Royal Opera House and the peeled grapes of BBC hospitality.
Ascot’s horses have turned into House of Commons mice, and she is in the scullery with me for company.
I thank her for the meeting we have already had.