Gentleman is right to say that this issue is local to the Police Service of Northern Ireland, but he is also right—I fully acknowledge this—that there may be questions to learn across Government about how we make certain that people’s data is secure.
It is critical that individuals working and providing a service to the country know that their data is secure.
I agree with him on that, and I have had discussions with officials about what we can to do ensure we can give that reassurance.
Will the Cabinet Office convene an inter-ministerial committee —between the Department of Health and Social Care, the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities, and the Treasury—to consider what to do where we have built tens of thousands of houses but section 106 money has not been allocated for adequate health facilities?
This is a problem across our country and on both sides of the House.
I hope we will solve it for the future with what we are doing with the Levelling-up and Regeneration Bill and the infrastructure levy, but there is a legacy problem that needs the attention of the Cabinet Office.
Given its co-ordinating role in Government, that would be a very useful thing for the Department to do, and an extremely necessary one.
That is an interesting proposal.
If we are to get public consent for the number of houses we need to build, we must be able to reassure people that the infrastructure is in place.
That is precisely what the Levelling-up and Regeneration Bill seeks to do.
I will look at my hon.
Friend’s proposal for an inter-ministerial group.
I am always a little cautious about setting up  more inter-ministerial groups, unless I can be sure that they will actually deliver some further outcomes, but I take his proposal seriously.
Cleaning and security staff in three Whitehall Departments are now striking over a poverty pay offer by the outsourced contractor ISS.
What are Ministers doing to help resolve that dispute with the Public and Commercial Services Union, and to end the race to the bottom for the pay and terms and conditions of vital workers due to outsourcing?
I am sorry that strike action is ongoing.
Ultimately, this is a matter between the employees and their employer.
Will the Minister for Veterans’ Affairs update the House on the Northern Ireland legacy legislation?
Yesterday the Northern Ireland Troubles (Legacy and Reconciliation) Bill passed this House.
Legacy is an incredibly difficult issue.
Victims have been let down for many years.
Veterans have been let down.
This Government made a commitment that we would see through our promises to both those groups, and that is what we did yesterday.
I am disappointed that the Opposition voted against it again, but politics is about choices, and I am proud of what this Government have delivered.
Further to the question on the infected blood inquiry from my right hon.
Friend the Member for Kingston upon Hull North (Dame Diana Johnson), why will the Government not get on with extending the interim payments now, as they could do and as was recommended by Sir Brian Langstaff?
It is absolutely shameful to delay that any longer, and there is no excuse.
I have heard many times from the hon.
Lady about this subject and about her constituents.
She speaks about it passionately in this House and has done so for a number of years.
I come back to my earlier answer: we paid interim compensation last year, as the House is aware, and the second interim report has come through.
I am expecting the final report in the autumn, putting us in a place to respond as swiftly as possible once it is received.
Yesterday marked a year since the Prime Minister’s predecessor took office, and as you may remember, Madam Deputy Speaker, a lettuce ended up outlasting her.
Due to Tory economic mismanagement, that same lettuce would now cost around 20% more.