Friend meet me to discuss what can be done to remedy that?
I would be very happy to meet my hon.
Friend about this and other issues.
She will know that the Procurement Bill means we are now looking at the most advantageous tender, which means that value for money remains central but that those seeking to strike up procurement can also look for other factors when deciding which contract to sign.
We are very much on the same page.
What progress his Department has made on strengthening national resilience.
Strengthening our national resilience is a key priority for me and for the whole Government.
Last month, we updated the national risk register.
This is the most transparent approach ever taken by any Government, designed to help the whole of society make the most resilient plans possible.
We have also published guidance clarifying lead Government Department responsibilities for risk assessment, preparedness, response and recovery.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his response.
Can he tell the House what discussions he has had with the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero on ensuring that we have strong security of energy supply as we progress through the energy transition?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that security of energy supply is critical to our national resilience, and we have made significant progress on this.
We are moving from often imported fossil fuels to clean home-grown energy sources, and I look forward to working with the new Energy Secretary on this very important issue.
Whether he is taking steps to encourage Departments to use environmentally sustainable transport.
The greening Government commitments prescribe all Departments to address the matter of environmentally sustainable transport management by reducing and refining their need to travel through hybrid working and the current location strategy.
Departmental locations, where possible, are all within 10 minutes’ walk of a major public transport hub.
Will this team wake up?
They have huge potential in the Cabinet Office to influence every Department of State.
From my perspective, as a passionate supporter of sustainable transport and particularly the revolution that is coming in hydrogen power, I see an inert Department not pushing other Departments to do better.
Could they wake up and do something about this?
I can think of nothing nicer than being woken up by the hon.
Gentleman.
I can reassure him that we do encourage our colleagues in other Departments to go further on this.
We have a range of carbon offsetting programmes in place and, as I say, our location strategy means that we try to locate people near public transport hubs.
This is the very essence of a green transport strategy.[Official Report,  7 November 2023 , Vol.
740, c. 3MC.]
What steps his Department is taking to help prevent public sector fraud.
I am delighted that, in its first year of operation, the Public Sector Fraud Authority is expected to surpass its initial targets, as part of the overall £3 billion recovery of fraud over the last two years referred to by my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State.
More widely, the Government have invested £1 billion in fraud and error reduction since 2022, and we continue to be recognised as a world leader in combating public sector fraud.
We know that whistleblowers are responsible for uncovering almost half of all fraud—fraud that costs the public sector an estimated £40 billion a year—yet our laws to protect and support them are not working.
If we want to tackle public sector fraud, we need to encourage more people to come forward.
Will my right hon.
Friend agree to meet me to discuss how we can better support whistleblowers and tackle this vast expense to the public purse?
I am very happy to meet my hon.
Friend, or one of my ministerial colleagues will.
I can reassure her that we do wish to support whistleblowers.
It is important that they are supported in doing what they do.