Further progress”—
on inequality—
“has been achieved through the Scottish Child Payment…raised to £25 a week”.
And finally:
“Scotland shows us a better way forward.”
In contrast, he has described the reaction of politicians in England to addressing inequality as being to promise
“only minor remedial actions with short-term impact”.
The Leader of the House called me delusional when I pointed out to her previously Scotland’s faster economic growth, our lower unemployment and our lower rates of child poverty than the rest of the UK, and when I told her that not a single day in the Scottish NHS has been lost to industrial dispute and that we have the best paid teachers in the UK.
The next time she comes back from a day trip to Scotland, can we have a debate on what she has learned from us?
Well, I have genuinely missed these exchanges, where the hon.
Lady blames everyone except the Scottish Government, who are one of the most powerful devolved Administrations in the world.
She invites me to tell the House what I learned on my very pleasant trips to Scotland over the summer.
I learned that Scotland has slower economic growth than England.
I was shocked to learn that Victorian diseases, such as rickets, have returned to certain cities in Scotland, and that Glasgow’s rat problem is now so bad it is precluding binmen accessing certain streets because it is too dangerous for them.
I discovered that the bill to Scottish taxpayers for the smelting business debacle stands at £32 million.
I discovered that £33 million, which was ringfenced for Scottish farmers, has gone AWOL.
I also learned that the Scottish auditors have only been able to give a qualified sign-off to the SNP’s accounts.
I toured other parts of the UK as well.
In Manchester—this may interest  the hon.
Member for Manchester Central (Lucy Powell) —I discovered that Greater Manchester police had been forced to issue a crime reference number following a complaint about the SNP  giving constituency seats in return for cash.
I also learned that there is a £1 billion black hole in the Scottish programme for government, which was announced this week.
I thank  the hon.
Member for Edinburgh North and Leith (Deidre Brock)  for inviting me to put that on the record.
The hon.
Lady seeks to blame everyone else for this situation: me, the UK Government, and anyone else who is around except the Scottish Government.
This summer, a former colleague of hers even tried to blame agents of a foreign power for infiltrating the SNP and making all these terrible decisions.
The SNP is never short of a grievance, but it is now running out of excuses.
I look forward to hearing next week what other excuses there may be.
The execution of Mary Queen of Scots?
The highland clearances?
The hundred years war?
The grotesque chaos and appalling public services from which the hon.
Lady’s constituents and the rest of the Scottish people are suffering are entirely down to the SNP.
They are now a sad, spent force, and are no longer the UK’s separatist party: that dubious honour now goes to the Labour party in Wales.
The Leader of the House may be aware of a tragedy that struck a chord of sadness and anger among my constituents, in the wider Black Country, nationally and, indeed, internationally.
The building known as the Crooked House pub was built in 1765.
It was symbolic of the region’s industrial heritage, and was home to tens of thousands of individual personal memories.
Soon after its sale, the Crooked House was subject to an arson attack, followed by unlawful demolition, notwithstanding the local council’s instruction that that should not be done.
This is an ongoing trend across the country.
May we please have a debate in Government time to see what this place can do to better protect such heritage pubs?
Hear, hear!
I thank my hon.