That is a tremendous record, but there is more to be done, with a particular focus on antisocial behaviour and these kinds of crimes.
He will know that the Home Office recently said that every crime of this nature needs to be followed up and investigated.
I will make sure that the Home Office has heard what my hon.
Friend has said.
I think such issues will be the focus of many colleagues in the coming weeks.
I have written to petrol providers in Barnsley asking them to lower prices, because they are regularly 3p a litre higher, if not more, than in neighbouring areas in Yorkshire.
Indeed, this week it is cheaper to get petrol in central London  than in Barnsley.
I simply do not believe that motorists in Barnsley should be paying a petrol premium, so will the Government make a statement on what they are doing to tackle local and regional price disparity?
That is a very important issue which will affect many households in the hon.
Lady’s constituency, as well as businesses.
She will know that the Government have acted and are setting up what Fair Fuel UK has called a PumpWatch scheme.
The Competition and Markets Authority is now establishing a number of measures to ensure that there is fair pricing at the pump and that competition is improved.
She will know that the Government have done other things to help her constituents and to lower the cost of fuel.
In the same time that Labour put up fuel duty by 46%, we have lowered it by 7.5%.
On the eve of the rugby world cup, will my right hon.
Friend join me in congratulating Aramis Rugby, a North Devon-based manufacturing company, on providing all the scrum machines used in this year’s tournament?
Following the success of the Lionesses and with England hosting next year’s women’s rugby world cup, can we have a debate in Government time on the links between hosting sports events and participation in sports?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising that and giving us the opportunity again to celebrate the successes of women in sport, as well as the fantastic news of our hosting the next women’s rugby world cup.
That is wonderful news and we have a great record of hosting such events.
Since 2012, we have hosted over 130 sporting events, which is a great record to be proud of.
I will make sure that her enthusiasm has been heard by the relevant Minister.
The Leader of the House will be alarmed to learn that the police have confirmed that last year there were 15 attacks on war memorials in Northern Ireland—atrocious, despicable attacks, where poppies were ripped off, plaques removed and there was criminal damage.
Last year there were five arrests for those terrible events and some of those cases are ongoing.
Does the Leader of the House think it would be appropriate to have a debate on this issue, or is there a better way of raising awareness so that the public can express their concern and outrage at those attacks?
I am extremely sorry to hear that.
I know that for many local communities who tend those memorials that will be a hugely upsetting thing to have happened.
It is incredibly important that those memorials are protected.
If the hon.
Gentleman were to apply for a debate, I think it would be extremely well attended.
I will make sure that the Secretaries of State for Northern Ireland and for Defence have heard his concerns.
Last weekend, I was thrilled to attend Southend City Jam, an international festival of street art.
It is the largest in Europe and displayed 240 artists from around the world, including Brian Lewis, known as JEKS, from North Carolina, who is in the Public Gallery, along with his girlfriend, Melissa.