Our plan, which is backed by an additional £33 million announced by the Chancellor in this year’s Budget, contains commitments across Government, including support for health provision, housing and employment, the majority of which have been delivered or are on track.
That is great and we all support those measures, but he will also know that the independent review of the UK Government welfare services for veterans found that the current system is “overly complex” and suffers from
“a lack of cohesion, of strategic direction and single oversight”.
It also found that veterans regularly receive “poor communication” from Government and were left “overwhelmed” by the system.
Does the Minister accept responsibility for those failings and what is he doing to fix them?
I initiated that review when I first came back into office under this Prime Minister.
That review has now completed.
It was due to report before Christmas, but I have pulled that forward and I want to see a response from Government to the review by the end of September or the beginning of October.
The  review highlights changes that have been overdue for some time and I look forward to having more to say to the hon.
Gentleman on that matter when the response comes back.
What steps he is taking to ensure cyber-security across Government Departments.
The Government’s cyber-security strategy sets out our plans to strengthen the resilience of the Government’s critical functions against cyber- attacks.
A key milestone in our plan came earlier this year when I launched GovAssure.
This is a new approach to cyber-resilience in which Departments review their cyber-security and take the necessary steps to meet the risks that we face.
These cyber-attacks, which are often totally devastating, have been increasing in both severity and frequency not only against Government Departments, but against many of our major businesses with potentially devastating consequences for livelihoods and jobs.
What are we doing in Government to take the expertise that we have acquired within Government to protect Government Departments and to spread it across the economy to protect the private sector as well?
My hon.
Friend is totally correct that the external risk landscape is increasing all the time, not least because of the conflict in Russia and Ukraine, which has meant that the United Kingdom, after Ukraine and Russia, is the most cyber-attacked nation.
We are taking a whole-of-Government approach, which is why we created the National Cyber Security Centre, working with GCHQ and the Cabinet Office to ensure that we have robust standards in Government and that we also work with businesses to improve their standards and, indeed, with private individuals.
What recent steps he has taken to implement the interim recommendations of the infected blood inquiry.
What recent steps he has taken to implement the interim recommendations of the infected blood inquiry.
It was a privilege to appear before the infected blood inquiry on  25 July .
You, Madam Deputy Speaker, referred to birthdays earlier and I believe that that was the birthday of the right hon.
Lady, but she shared it with us in the inquiry—she was there in person for the hearings.
At the inquiry, I shared the work the Government are undertaking to consider the interim recommendations and I look forward to receiving the final report in the autumn.
It was good to see the Paymaster General, the Prime Minister, the Leader of the House and the Chancellor at those reconvened hearings.
Sir Brian  Langstaff made it very clear that his interim report on compensation was the last word that he was going to make on compensation.
The Government have also accepted the moral case for compensation.
What progress has now been made on Sir Brian’s recommendation on extending the interim payments to those who were not included in the first tranche of interim payments last year?
As the right hon.
Lady knows, we are working through this.
There is more work to be done.