Gone are the growling engines of Silverstone, the champagne flutes of the Royal Opera House and the peeled grapes of BBC hospitality.
Ascot’s horses have turned into House of Commons mice, and she is in the scullery with me for company.
I thank her for the meeting we have already had.
For my part, I will do my best to make sure that it is productive and enjoyable, and I look forward to working with her and her team.
I must reject the hon.
Lady’s characterisation of both this Parliament and this Government.
In this Session, 34 Government Bills have achieved Royal Assent, amounting to 1,578 pages of legislation.
We have been very busy indeed, and I thank all Members of this House for their attention to that.
I also reject her characterisation of this Government.
She focuses on correcting the record, and I take what she says seriously and genuinely.
All credit to her, she admits when she has got things wrong.
She admitted that she was wrong to support  the right hon.
Member for Islington North (Jeremy Corbyn) . [
Interruption.]
No.
I think the hon.
Lady is wrong about the Prime Minister’s comments, but I understand that she will not take my word for it, so I suggest she looks at The Times’ analysis of yesterday’s exchange, which backs the Prime Minister both on the building programme and that he did not cut the budget.
I would be interested in how many times she raised RAAC as an issue in this House when she was shadow Education Secretary.
Given her commitment to the facts, will she admit that Labour has got it wrong on the economy?
Labour has been, wrongly, talking this nation down, but it has now been demonstrated that we have had the fastest recovery from the pandemic in the G7.
That is vindication of the Prime Minister’s furlough and bounce back loan schemes.
The hon.
Lady understandably focuses on the situation of school infrastructure.
I remind her that Labour’s building schools programme excluded 80% of schools, and was poor value for money and highly ineffective.
On a personal note, when I got my seat in 2010, my schools were so bad that a secondary school was shut because it was too dangerous to teach in and had Legionnaires’ bacteria in it.
It and another in my patch have now been rebuilt, and we have a new university technical college.
The hon.
Lady criticises Secretaries of State for Education, but what they have delivered means that, across England, we have 10% more good or outstanding schools, nearly 30,000 additional teachers and the best literacy outcomes in the western world.
The current Education Secretary put the safety of children first, in contrast to Labour in Wales, which has not acted so swiftly, despite similar warnings.
The health and safety priorities of the Labour Government in Wales appear to be focused on people buying meal deals, as opposed to a lump of concrete falling on a child’s head.
That goes to show that Labour’s priorities are wrong.
In bankrupt Birmingham, politically correct street names trumped paying women a fair wage.
Good stewardship of public funds was trumped by utter incompetence on an epic scale.
As a leaked memo from Labour headquarters said:
“Budget cuts and the size of the City are used as reasons to explain the situation however, this does not hold up under scrutiny”.
Our Prime Minister recognises that for us to be worthy of public support, we must focus on the public’s priorities: the safety and education of their kids; in particular, a strong, growing economy, lower debt and inflation; great, accessible healthcare; and border control.
Where Labour is in power, and in its support of strikes and votes against our legislation, it shows that it cannot and will not deliver on those priorities of the British people.
I will close by giving the hon.
Lady, on her first outing, some advice.