Friend, or one of my ministerial colleagues will.
I can reassure her that we do wish to support whistleblowers.
It is important that they are supported in doing what they do.
We certainly respect and are grateful for information shared by whistleblowers.
It is just part of the system,  though, and it is important that we continue to use AI to ensure that we can track down fraud across the public sector.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
Tomorrow marks the first anniversary of the passing of Queen Elizabeth II, and it is of course right that as a country we honour Her late Majesty’s legacy.
As a first step towards that, the Government, jointly with the royal household, have established a new Queen Elizabeth Memorial Committee.
That committee will develop proposals for a permanent memorial to the late Queen and a broader legacy programme that will enable everyone in the nation to commemorate her life of service to us.
The Cabinet Office plays a critical role in strengthening our national resilience, and over the summer we published the most comprehensive edition of the national risk register to date.
That important piece of work will help the Government and the whole country prepare for the challenges we face.
The Cabinet Office is currently carrying out a review into Homes England, and my concern is about the Help to Buy scheme, which helps people to get on to the housing ladder.
The Government outsourced that service to Lenvi earlier this year, and since then my constituents have faced huge delays in getting their applications processed.
Is the Minister proud of creating a Help to Buy scheme that is doing the exact opposite of what it says on the tin?
Of course, it is incumbent on Ministers to drive efficiencies in arm’s length bodies such as Homes England.
I am very happy to pick that up with my relevant ministerial colleagues.
Can my right hon.
Friend tell us anything more about the Government’s plans for the late Queen Elizabeth II’s memorialisation?
I have already met with Lord Janvrin, who will be leading the committee.
He of course has two decades of experience in service to the royal household, including as private secretary to Her late Majesty.
The aim we are working towards is that the committee will report by 2026, which would have been Her late Majesty’s 100th birthday.
I begin by associating myself with the Secretary of State’s comments on marking the anniversary of the death of the late Queen.
The responsibilities of the Cabinet Office include the National Security Council and co-ordinating the Government’s response to crises.
Last night, we learned of a major breach of security with the escape from Wandsworth prison of Daniel Abed Khalife, a terror suspect who was accused of gathering information that could be useful to a hostile state.
Can the Secretary of State update the  House on the search for Mr Khalife, and whether—in the light of his Department’s responsibilities for national security and resilience—he has asked why such a terror suspect was being held at a lower security category prison such as Wandsworth in the first place?
May I begin by welcoming the right hon.
Gentleman to his new position?
It is wonderful that the great tradition of gingers across the Dispatch Boxes continues—although, if he does not mind, one should perhaps describe him as a legacy ginger.
He brings a wealth of experience to the role, and I look forward to our exchanges.
The right hon.
Gentleman is of course right to raise this case.
As he will know, the Lord Chancellor has asked for an urgent investigation, working with the Prison Service to find out the exact circumstances of what happened in respect of this escape.