The right hon.
Gentleman is of course right to raise this case.
As he will know, the Lord Chancellor has asked for an urgent investigation, working with the Prison Service to find out the exact circumstances of what happened in respect of this escape.
Clearly, the initial law enforcement response will be led by the Home Office, but I will be working with the Lord Chancellor, the Home Secretary and others to ensure that we rapidly apprehend this individual and learn the lessons of what led to this escape in the first place.
I thank the Secretary of State.
I can only say to him that the hair may go but the skin remains the same, so in solidarity I wish him well in the current heat.
It is reported that Mr Khalife managed to escape by clinging to the underside of a food delivery van.
This is obviously an extraordinary situation, given the strict procedures that are supposed to govern the entry and exit of vehicles on the prison estate, so can the Secretary of State outline how those procedures will now be reviewed; what other aspects of prison security will also be reviewed, and over what timescale; and when the public and Parliament will be informed of any changes made as a result of this very serious breach of security?
The right hon.
Gentleman is absolutely correct to raise all of these questions, and that is precisely what my right hon.
and learned Friend the Lord Chancellor is overseeing with an examination into that right now.
If the individual escaped in those circumstances, that clearly should not have happened.
I know that my right hon.
and learned Friend takes it very seriously indeed, and will of course update the House on the outcome of the investigation.
Of course, the Home Secretary will update the House, alongside the Lord Chancellor, on steps to apprehend the individual.
Over the summer I once again visited Rolls-Royce and met some of its brilliant apprentices, and last year, with the armed forces parliamentary scheme, I was shadowing our Royal Navy.
It is clear that some of the challenges on nuclear skills are mirrored in the military and the private sector.
What is the Cabinet Office doing to bring together extra work and extra career paths, so that those who have nuclear skills can transition between the two?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his very important question.
Alongside a lot of the support mechanisms we have introduced—Operation Fortitude, Operation Courage, Operation Restore and Operation Nova—we have a  series of missions or sector initiatives for accelerating veterans who have come out of the military with specialist skills into a job and making sure those skills are not going to waste.
Having a job remains the No.
1 factor in improving the life chances of veterans.
Veteran employment is at 87%—it has never been higher—but there is more to do, and I look forward to working with my hon.
Friend in the months ahead.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
It is clear from their actions that the Tories want to privatise our health service, selling data from England’s NHS to a Trump-backed business, Palantir, under a £27 million data deal.
This was done without a competitive tender.
Not only that, but they also accepted a £5 million donation from a rich health tycoon this week.
Does the Deputy Prime Minister not agree with me that the only way to guarantee protection and integrity for Scotland’s NHS is to keep it out of Westminster Tory hands and keep it in the hands of the people of Scotland?
The hon.
Lady will know, because she sat on the Procurement Bill Committee, that we have a new procurement regime coming in, but in the case she refers to it is my understanding that everything was above board and in line with due process.
Madam Deputy Speaker, may I join you in wishing my hon.