As the right hon.
Lady knows, we are working through this.
There is more work to be done.
It is a mammoth undertaking, as she knows, and we are looking forward to the final report and putting our response into that context.
“Working through this” is not good enough.
Several families in my constituency have lost partners or parents as a result of the infected blood scandal and they are frustrated by the delay and obfuscation.
One of my constituents told me:
“The lack of transparency is causing great stress and anxiety to those of us at the heart of this NHS treatment disaster who have already waited decades for our loss and suffering to be recognised.”
One person is dying every four days.
This is becoming urgent.
Will the Government commit to a full compensation scheme as quickly as possible?
We commit to responding as soon as we can to the final report.
The hon.
Gentleman is right that we have accepted the moral case for compensation.
After the final report comes through, we will be bringing out our response as swiftly as we can.
What assessment he has made with Cabinet colleagues of the progress made on moving Afghan people from hotels to settled accommodation.
What recent discussions he has held with Cabinet colleagues on supporting Afghan people who have been resettled in the UK to access independent accommodation.
Hotels are not and never were designed to be long-term accommodation for Afghans resettled in the UK.
I am therefore pleased to say that, as of  1 September , in line with our promises, no legally resettled Afghans remain in bridging accommodation.
As I told the House on  18 July , there is a small number for whom time-limited contingency accommodation will be provided, including where there is a need to bridge the short gap between the end of notice periods and settled accommodation being ready for them to move into, and in cases of medical need, where a family member requires continued attendance at a specific hospital.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in welcoming the new Afghan families to North Devon and thank everyone locally who is working to ensure that their resettlement is as smooth as possible and to give them a true Devonian welcome?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question and pay tribute to all those working locally in her constituency to prepare to welcome Afghan families to the area.
North Devon is steeped in military history.
I am pleased to see her long-standing support for veterans extend to those who assisted the UK in Afghanistan as well.
I record my admiration for, and thank, the many public and voluntary agencies and individuals in Fife for the dedication and compassion that they have shown to the Afghans they have hosted over the last two years.
Sadly, those Afghans are becoming victims of the biggest mass eviction that Scotland has seen since the highland clearances.
When we remember that those people are here because they risked their lives for us—they risked their lives in Afghanistan for democracy—why have the Government not even considered a Homes for Afghans scheme, similar to the Homes for Ukraine scheme that made such a difference to desperate Ukrainian refugees?
Largely because these are two different cohorts.
Ukrainians are looking to return to Ukraine in the future; the Afghan cohort are staying here and will be in this country for an indeterminate period.
We are looking at all ways that we can continue to assist those who have come over from Afghanistan.
I, too, pay tribute to all the Home Office liaison officers and all the staff in the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities and in the Ministry of Defence who have worked hard to get this over the line.
I said that we would honour our commitments to the people of Afghanistan and we will continue to do so.