Of course, there are steps we can welcome: Jade’s law, Martyn’s law and an independent regulator in football.
We have said that on smoking and public health, the Prime Minister can count on our votes.
We will always serve the national interest.
That is why this House has stood united in our support for Ukraine since the start of Putin’s aggression, and we must never lose our resolve or focus.
The speech mentions the terrible events in Israel and Palestine.
It is now one month exactly since the senseless murder of Jews by the terrorists of Hamas and the taking of hostages on  7 October .
Every new day in  Gaza brings with it more pain, more suffering, more agony.
Hostages are still held; thousands of civilians are dead, including so many innocent women and children; millions are struggling for the basics of life—food, water, sanitation, medicines and fuel.
We cannot and we will not close our eyes to their suffering.
We need a humanitarian pause now and for the hostages to be released now.
Israel has the right and duty to defend herself, but that is not a blank cheque; it must comply with international law.
This House must commit to doing whatever it can to keep alive the light of peace, so we welcome the clear commitment in the speech to supporting the two-state solution.
To return once more to the Conservatives’ plan for Britain, the biggest question is how they think that this is anywhere near good enough.
After all the chaos they have unleashed—after levelling up, “No rules were broken,” “We’re all in it together,” and all the other broken promises of the last 13 years—this is the plan that they put to the working people of this country and say, “Trust us, we’ve changed.”
It’s laughable.
They cannot see Britain: that is the only possible conclusion.
The walls of this place are too high.
But let me assure the House that Britain sees them, and Britain sees today that they offer no change on public services, no change on the cost of living crisis, and no change to the economic model that has failed to give working people the security and opportunity that they deserve.
That is the change that Britain needs, and today was a missed opportunity.
We needed a King’s Speech that would draw a line under 13 years of Tory decline—a King’s Speech for national renewal and a serious plan for growth.
But instead, we have a party so devoid of leadership that it is happy to follow a Home Secretary who describes homelessness as a “lifestyle choice” and believes that the job of protecting us all from extremists—the most basic job of government—is legitimate terrain for her divisive brand of politics.
As Director of Public Prosecutions, I worked closely with the police and counter-terrorism forces.
Their job is hard enough already without the Home Secretary using it as a platform for her own ambitions.
I say to the Prime Minister: think very carefully about what she is committing your Government to do, and think very carefully about the consequences of putting greater demands on public servants at the coalface of keeping us safe—because without a serious Home Secretary, there can be no serious Government, and he cannot be a serious Prime Minister.
Homelessness is a choice—it is a political choice.
Constant U-turns on no-fault evictions are political choices.
Not facing up to the blockers of aspiration on the Government Benches is a political choice.
And it is not that there aren’t better choices.
On the Opposition Benches, we have a plan to build 1.5 million homes across the country, with a reformed planning regime that will unlock our potential, because you can’t fix homelessness without increasing the supply of housing, you can’t boost growth unless workers have the homes they need, and you can’t escape the cost of living crisis unless there is more affordable housing.