But of course that can only come with adequate investment across the United Kingdom and a co-operative relationship between a UK Government—hopefully a UK Labour Government—and a Welsh Labour Government, along with Welsh Labour councils in Wales.
One of the starkest contrasts in approach between Wales and those of us on the Labour Benches, and the current Government, is on climate change and the green transition.
The Government have abandoned targets  and are going backwards when we need to be moving forward with green transition, green jobs, green investment, sustainable housing and adaptation.
Communities in my local area, in places such as Sully and Dinas Powys, are already experiencing the consequences of severe flooding and rainfall events.
But I also see the opportunities, for example in green steel, the recycled steel already in produced in my constituency, and in green industries and green technologies of the future, many being piloted at our fantastic universities in Cardiff and south Wales.
Let me turn to some of the other issues in the King’s Speech.
On leaseholder reform, I am interested to see the details of the proposals.
There has been a lot of cross-party work on the issue and concern raised on behalf of many constituents.
I have many leaseholders—tens of thousands—in my constituency who have been struggling with defective buildings, fire and building safety issues, extortionate and often inexplicable service charges, and being caught in mortgage prisons.
There is a whole industry around conveyancing, surveying and so on, which has failed many of my residents who find themselves caught up in untenable situations.
In particular, I have met some of them in recent weeks who have been telling me about shocking service charges, which I am trying to follow up with management companies.
Companies are still failing to move forward quickly enough, or indeed at all, on remediation, and to take responsibility for their failings in the construction of buildings, particularly in Cardiff Bay.
I raised concerns with the Welsh Government on those issues, but we need co-operative action across the United Kingdom.
A lot of the problems predate devolution.
The leasehold system is decades and decades old—I think hundreds of years old.
I want Bills on this issue to come forward in this place, with co-operation between officials at the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities and the Welsh Government, not the silly political gameplaying we have seen, unfortunately, from some Conservatives.
There is a willingness; the Welsh Government are taking a constructive approach.
Let us see that met from the other side to benefit my residents and the residents of Members from across the House.
We also need to look at what is missing from the King’s Speech.
I could talk about that for hours, but I want to highlight two issues in particular.
One is, of course, the ban on conversion therapy that we were promised again and again and again by the Government.
Conversion therapy is a despicable, abusive practice.
Frankly, the fact that it is not included in the speech is a betrayal not only of the victims of conversion therapy across the country, but of all the campaign groups, and all the cross-party, cross-religious and cross-community groups who have argued for it to be banned.
Conversion therapy is a dangerous, life-threatening practice that leads to decades of consequences for those who go through it.
I contrast that again with Labour’s commitment to a fully inclusive ban on conversion therapy.
I am sorry to say—this follows on from a debate we had in Westminster Hall in the previous Session just a few weeks ago—that this does not come as any surprise, despite some very passionate speeches from Conservative Members.
I acknowledge that there were Members in that debate from, I think, all parties in the House and from all parts of the United Kingdom.
The Government have abandoned their LGBT+ action plan and disbanded their LGBT+ advisory board.