The facts are clear: it is this Government that is on the side of law and order.
This King’s Speech introduces legislation to better support victims, as well as new measures to combat the scourge of antisocial behaviour, all building on a proud record of tackling crime—20,000 more police officers on the streets, more police on the streets than ever before. [
Interruption.]
We have heard a lot about 13 years, but since 2010: crime halved; violent crime halved; burglary also halved; antisocial behaviour down by 70%; tougher sentences for rapists and sex offenders, which is something the Labour party voted against; and, for the worst offenders, life finally means life—all while the Leader of the Opposition and those on the Opposition Front Bench campaigned to stop the deportation of dangerous foreign criminals.
We are just days away from Remembrance Sunday, so let me close by paying tribute to our armed forces.
At this moment, over 7,000 servicemen and women are deployed overseas.
From the frozen waste of the High North to the streets of Kosovo, they are the best of us.
We owe to all our veterans a lifelong debt of gratitude.
I am proud of our work, led in Cabinet by my right hon.
Friend the Member for Plymouth, Moor View, to make this the best country in the world to be a veteran.
That is what you get with this Government.
We are on the side of Britain’s armed forces.
We are investing record amounts in defence, we are an unwavering ally to the Ukrainian people and we are proud to be one of the largest contributors to NATO.
But in contrast, Mr Speaker, what do you get with the Opposition?
They tried to install—[Interruption.]
They never like being reminded about it, but Labour Members tried to install as Prime Minister a man who wanted to abolish the armed forces, withdraw from NATO and back the UK’s enemies over its allies.
Labour cannot be trusted with our nation’s security.
This King’s Speech builds on the strong foundation of an economy well on its way to recovery.
It rejects big Government and instead backs people and businesses to thrive.
It strengthens society, with historic measures to support the nation’s health and education.
It secures our streets and borders, with tougher sentences for criminals and powers for police.
Above all, this King’s Speech delivers change—change in our economy, change in our society, change in our communities.
It takes long-term decisions for a brighter future, and I commend it to the House.
I call the leader of the SNP. [
Interruption.]
Members should please leave quietly.
Thank you, Mr Speaker; was it something I said?
Like snaw aff a dyke.
I wish to begin, as is customary, by passing on my thanks to King Charles and the Queen for their most Gracious Speech today.
I am sure it was a momentous occasion for them both.
I have been goaded a wee bit about my flower, but notwithstanding that, I intend to start by offering some consensus across the Chamber, because I believe that is incredibly important in these times.
First, in relation to Ukraine, it is fast approaching the two-year anniversary of Vladimir Putin’s decision to enter Ukraine in an extremely forceful manner—to start a war, to kill civilians and to attack Ukraine’s democracy, building upon the steps that he had taken in 2014 by invading and annexing Crimea.
It has been said in the public domain that the resolve of the west is perhaps shaking in the face of the fact that the conflict continues; but I think we are all united across this Chamber, right across parties, in our steadfast commitment to the Ukrainian people in their fight to protect their democracy against that most abhorrent of tyrants.
We say that because these are our values.
It is what we believe in.
We believe in peace, we believe in protecting civilians and we believe in democracy.