Friend is probably the only Member of this House who is the proud owner of his own graveyard.
Apparently, he even does some of the digging himself.
No wonder he is such a staunch supporter of the Government’s plan to protect renters: he fully supports the right of his tenants to be left undisturbed over the very long long-term.
In his maiden speech, my right hon.
Friend proudly boasted that Whitby in his constituency was
“voted No.
1 weekend holiday destination by the readers of Saga Magazine”.—[Official Report,  6 June 2005 ; Vol.
434, c. 1052.]
I am delighted, as my right hon.
Friend retires and lifts his gaze from his own copy of Saga, that he already finds himself in the home of blue skies, blue waters and blue rinses.
Whitby is, as he reminded us, where Dracula made landfall—that shadowy, pale, haunting figure aged beyond his years.
And that is what two decades in this House can do for you!
As a Government Whip, a Minister in four Departments, and a dedicated constituency MP, my right hon.
Friend has had an extraordinary career.
Among his many achievements, I would particularly highlight his introduction of the first ever roadside drug tests.
Before that we had no way of clamping down on dangerous drug driving, and that landmark policy has saved untold numbers of lives.
It is a legacy he should be proud of, and a reminder of the good that politics can do.
My right hon.
Friend is a great parliamentarian, and I am proud to call him a friend.
His speech was in the finest traditions of this House, and his wit, integrity and sound good sense will be much missed on all sides.
Continuing the North Yorkshire theme, the Loyal Address was brilliantly seconded by someone who was also born and bred in God’s own county, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Stroud (Siobhan Baillie) .
I am sure the whole House will join me in paying tribute to our fantastic NHS, and send our very best wishes to her daughter Tilly.
Some may think of my hon.
Friend as a shy, retiring and studious type.
After all, as she said today, she often prefers to be in the Library.
But we are discovering another side to my hon.
Friend; we have heard about her time in the naughty corner, and about the Spice Girl platforms.
I can also reveal today that back in the 1990s she won the prestigious, fiercely contested crown of “Yorkshire rock ’n roll dancing queen”.
In a rich and varied career, my hon.
Friend was also a highly regarded yoga teacher.
So when she read in The Times that the shadow Cabinet were being encouraged to take up yoga in the office, she was waiting for the phone call.
It turns out that no Conservative, not even one as supremely talented as my hon.
Friend, can teach the Labour party anything when it comes to constantly changing from one contorted position to another.
My hon.
Friend also mentioned taking advice and inspiration from a certain parliamentary sketch writer.
If she is hoping that one day he might make her the target of his acerbic wit, I would just say this: be careful what you wish for.
I have been called many things in my time, but I am not sure that I will ever forget being branded
“the titch in vacuum-packed underpants”.
On a serious note, my hon.
Friend has already made a huge impact in her short time in this place, and nowhere more than in her fantastic campaign to improve childcare provision, inspiring my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor to announce 30 hours of free childcare a week for under-fours in England in the March Budget.
That landmark policy will make an enormous difference to millions of families up and down the country, and my hon.
Friend should be incredibly proud of her part in making that happen.
My hon.