This will include delivering on the NHS workforce plan, the first long-term plan to train the doctors and nurses the country needs, and minimum service levels to prevent strikes from undermining patient safety.
Record levels of investment are expanding and transforming mental health services to ensure more people can access the support they need.
My Government will introduce legislation to create a smokefree generation by restricting the sale of tobacco so that children currently aged fourteen or younger can never be sold cigarettes, and restricting the sale and marketing of e-cigarettes to children.
My Ministers will bring forward a bill to reform the housing market by making it cheaper and easier for leaseholders to purchase their freehold and tackling the exploitation of millions of homeowners through punitive service charges.
Renters will benefit from stronger security of tenure and better value, while landlords will benefit from reforms to provide certainty that they can regain their properties when needed.
My Government will deliver a long-term plan to regenerate towns and put local people in control of their future.
Legislation will be brought forward to safeguard the future of football clubs for the benefit of communities and fans.
A bill will be introduced to deal with the scourge of unlicensed pedicabs in London.
My Government is committed to tackling antisemitism and ensuring that the Holocaust is never forgotten.
A bill will progress the construction of a national Holocaust Memorial and Learning Centre in Victoria Tower Gardens.
My Government will act to keep communities safe from crime, anti-social behaviour, terrorism and illegal migration.
A bill will be brought forward to ensure tougher sentences for the most serious offenders and increase the confidence of victims.
My Ministers will introduce legislation to empower police forces and the criminal justice system to prevent new or complex crimes, such as digital-enabled crime and child sexual abuse, including grooming.
At a time when threats to national security are changing rapidly due to new technology, my Ministers will give the security and intelligence services the powers they need and will strengthen independent judicial oversight.
Legislation will be introduced to protect public premises from terrorism in light of the Manchester Arena attack.
My Government will deliver on the Illegal Migration Act passed earlier this year and on international agreements, to stop dangerous and illegal Channel crossings and ensure it is the government, not criminal gangs, who decides who comes to this country.
My Government will continue to champion security around the world, to invest in our gallant Armed Forces and to support veterans to whom so much is owed.
My Ministers will work closely with international partners to support Ukraine, strengthen NATO and address the most pressing security challenges.
This includes the consequences of the barbaric acts of terrorism against the people of Israel, facilitating humanitarian support into Gaza and supporting the cause of peace and stability in the Middle East.
My Government will continue to lead action on tackling climate change and biodiversity loss, support developing countries with their energy transition, and hold other countries to their environmental commitments.
The United Kingdom will continue to lead international discussions to ensure that Artificial Intelligence is developed safely.
My Government will host the Global Investment Summit, the European Political Community, and the Energy Conference, leading global conversations on the United Kingdom’s most pressing challenges.
I look forward to welcoming His Excellency the President of the Republic of Korea and Mrs. Kim Keon Hee for a State Visit later this month.
My Government will, in all respects, seek to make long-term decisions in the interests of future generations.
My Ministers will address inflation and the drivers of low growth over demands for greater spending or borrowing.
My Ministers will put the security of communities and the nation ahead of the rights of those who endanger it.
By taking these long-term decisions, my Government will change this country and build a better future.