I am sorry to say—this follows on from a debate we had in Westminster Hall in the previous Session just a few weeks ago—that this does not come as any surprise, despite some very passionate speeches from Conservative Members.
I acknowledge that there were Members in that debate from, I think, all parties in the House and from all parts of the United Kingdom.
The Government have abandoned their LGBT+ action plan and disbanded their LGBT+ advisory board.
I was told by a Home  Office Minister that we were hysterical for raising concerns about the significant rises in hate crime faced by the LGBT+ community.
The Government are failing LGBT+ people and are instead using this issue as part of their divisive culture wars.
It is simply unacceptable, and I know that many Conservative Members—indeed, many Ministers, I am told—feel exactly the same way.
Another area missing from the King’s Speech—a deep shame given the motion that was passed unanimously by the House—is an issue I raised a few weeks ago: legislation on the seizure of Russian state assets to repurpose them for reconstruction in Ukraine.
The motion we passed was for legislation to be passed in  90 days.
The King’s Speech would have been an apt opportunity, albeit a little bit late, but it is absent.
Again, what is happening?
I hope the Government will have some answers soon.
I have to say, and it is good to see my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Wentworth and Dearne (John Healey)  the shadow Defence Secretary on the Labour Front Bench, that it was deeply disappointing to hear the Prime Minister’s divisive comments about the armed forces and security.
They were a disservice to those on the Labour Benches who have served, as well as to families and communities.
The reality is that Labour fully supports NATO and fully supports our independent nuclear deterrent.
We want security co-operation, with NATO as our bedrock, across Europe, our Atlantic partners and other allies.
This Government have slashed the Army, wasted billions and left those who served us bravely in Afghanistan languishing in hotels for months and months on end at great cost to the public purse.
It would be nice to see a bit more of a consistent approach and more truth about Labour’s positions.
We will defend this country, we will defend our armed forces and we will work to support our veterans as we rightly should, particularly as we are coming up to Remembrance Sunday this weekend.
I normally talk from the Opposition Front Bench on international issues, but I want to reflect as a constituency MP on some of the challenges facing the world at the moment.
That is important in a constituency such as mine, because of its nature as a port and having had people come from all over the world for over 150 years.
What happens elsewhere in the world—in Israel and Palestine, Afghanistan, Sudan, Libya, the Sahel, south Asia, Yemen, Nigeria, Syria and many, many other regions and countries—matters deeply to my constituents.
In the past weeks I have heard from constituents about their anguish at the deaths, loss of civilian life and destruction in Gaza, and their horror at the terrorism, hostage taking and killing that Israel and its citizens have had to endure.
I have heard about the need to ensure we protect civilians, aid workers, hospitals and schools; to secure humanitarian pauses and get humanitarian aid in, particularly into Gaza; and to move back to a pathway to peace and a two-state solution, and to an adherence to international law and international humanitarian law.
I have also, with other hon.
Members and neighbours in Cardiff and the Vale of Glamorgan, heard face to face from those who have families who are directly affected in both Gaza and Israel—a genuine fear about what divisions can mean for us in our communities.