For that reason, I keep such correspondence confidential, including applications for urgent questions.
I remind Members that it is equally important that my responses, particularly on matters of privilege, are treated with the same respect.
I hope that certain Members are listening.
I also wish to give some advice about seeking to speak within the Chamber.
The Deputy Speakers and I take into account a number of factors when determining whom we call during business that is not balloted, and one factor we consider carefully is how often a Member speaks.
In other words, if you have spoken much more  than a colleague then, other things being equal, that colleague is more likely to be called—or certainly more likely to be called earlier—especially in the next debate for which you both apply. [
Hon.
Members: “Poor Jim!”]
Don’t worry; I am coming to him. [
Laughter.]
I know that it can be frustrating not to be called in a debate, or to be called very late.
That frustration may continue, but putting it on Twitter is not a good way of trying to be called earlier.
My response will be that I cannot call you earlier because you have already told the world, so think carefully before using Twitter to try to intimidate the Speaker.
Prioritising debates, question times, urgent questions and statements in which you seek to participate is one way of trying to avoid that happening.
Now that we have started a new Session, the reset button starts everybody’s scores at zero.
That even includes Jim Shannon—[Laughter.]
I should make it clear that when counting scores, different principles apply to Front Benchers from the three largest parties who are nominated to speak on behalf of their parties.
Staff in my office are happy to offer further advice and help.
Let us come to something very important: security and safety.
I want all Members and everyone in the parliamentary community to be able to go about their work safely, both online and here in Westminster.
The security of this building and those who work here depends on us all.
We have a duty to be vigilant and to assist those whose job it is to maintain this place as a safe place of work.
Yes, we are Members of Parliament and we were elected to be here, but remember that those who carry out security duties here are doing so to ensure that we are all safe.
Please, try not to abuse them—you should not abuse them—and do not take advantage of your position.
Before moving to the first business of the new Session, I would like to express my very best wishes to all hon.
Members and all those who work in this House.
I thank the staff of the House, whether they work in security or elsewhere.
They are looking after us, so please realise that they have a job to do.
I thank all the catering staff, because without them we could not function properly.
A Bill for the more effectual preventing Clandestine Outlawries was read the First time, and ordered to be read a Second time.
I have to acquaint the House that this House has this day attended His Majesty in the House of Peers, and that His Majesty was pleased to make a Most Gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament, of which I have, for greater accuracy, obtained a copy.
I shall direct that the terms of the Gracious Speech be printed in the Votes and Proceedings.
Copies are available in the Vote Office.
The Gracious Speech was as follows:
My Lords and Members of the House of Commons
It is mindful of the legacy of service and devotion to this country set by My beloved Mother, The late Queen, that I deliver this, the first King’s Speech in over 70 years.