It was indeed a special occasion to be there today for His Majesty’s first King’s Speech and particularly to see him continuing the remarkable tradition of service and duty of his late mother, our dearly missed Queen  Elizabeth.
I declare my interests in relation to the armed forces in Ukraine and my role as co-chair of the LGBT+ parliamentary Labour party and the relevant APPGs.
The speech today, as an occasion, was very special; the content, I am afraid, was far from that.
It was short, it was inadequate and it simply did not rise to the challenges we face as a country.
This is fundamentally a Government who are out of ideas.
Stuck in a high-tax, low-growth economy, they have abandoned their promises in many areas and failed to invest in our public services, and instead engage in cheap, divisive politics.
What a contrast with the clear, mission-led agenda set out by the Leader of the Opposition, which would be at the heart of a future UK Labour Government.
It is always there in the talking points for Ministers at the Dispatch Box, and we heard some barracking today from Conservative Back Benchers, but I am fed up with the cheap shots and the talking down of Wales that we regularly hear from the Government Benches.
There is a stark contrast between what we have seen from this Tory Government at the UK level and what we have seen from a Labour-led Government in Wales, and indeed from my Labour-led councils in Cardiff and the Vale of Glamorgan.
I have seen the reality on the doorstep and in my communities.
I have seen new schools being built, such as Eastern High and Penarth Learning Community.
I have seen a new further education college.
I have seen new hospital facilities being built at Llandough.
I have seen new stations being built, right at this moment, on a metro line into Cardiff Bay.
I have seen new economic investment in our city centre and bay.
Indeed, as the topic of homelessness has been so shamefully spoken about by the Home Secretary, I have also seen Labour councils in Cardiff and the Vale of Glamorgan building new sustainable housing to deal with the challenges facing those who tragically find themselves on the street.
That is what we need to see: action on housing and action on homelessness, not divisive and shameful comments from the Home Secretary.
The Leader of the Opposition was absolutely right to highlight that.
I am conscious that there is always more to do.
I have been out and about in my constituency in Cardiff South and Penarth in the last few weeks, engaging with lots of different communities and lots of different concerns.
We continue our campaign to see a new station built in St Mellons, the St Mellons parkway station.
I have been raising concerns about poor performance on the great western main line.
I have been arguing for reforms to, and the protection of, local bus services.
I have been listening to the concerns of those on low incomes struggling to make ends meet, including local taxi drivers, and those struggling with their energy bills and the rent and mortgage hikes as a result of the Conservative Government.
I have also been meeting those concerned about local GP services.
We need adequate and fit-for-the-future services across Cardiff and Penarth.
But of course that can only come with adequate investment across the United Kingdom and a co-operative relationship between a UK Government—hopefully a UK Labour Government—and a Welsh Labour Government, along with Welsh Labour councils in Wales.
One of the starkest contrasts in approach between Wales and those of us on the Labour Benches, and the current Government, is on climate change and the green transition.
The Government have abandoned targets  and are going backwards when we need to be moving forward with green transition, green jobs, green investment, sustainable housing and adaptation.