That is the simple choice: a Government on the side of hard-working people or an Opposition and the hon.
Lady on the side of the eco-zealots.
If we want truly to change our country, we need a stronger society.
That is why this King’s Speech introduces a landmark Bill to create the first smoke-free generation.
It will prevent deaths, improve people’s lives and free the NHS to support others.
It is the most significant public health intervention by any Government for generations—historic change from a historic King’s Speech.
But that is not all that the Government are doing for the NHS.
We have invested record sums, created 50 million more primary private care appointments and brought more beds and more ambulances.
Through the NHS’s first ever long-term workforce plan, we will recruit more doctors, nurses and dentists than ever before.
That is what the NHS needs, not the damaging strike action that Labour refuses to condemn, even though it is adding tens of thousands of people to waiting lists every single day.
The Opposition also opposed our plans to provide a minimum safety level during the strikes.
Do they and the Leader of the Opposition think that vulnerable patients do not deserve life-saving healthcare, or are they just too weak to stand up to the unions?
Either way, the conclusion is clear: you simply cannot trust Labour with the NHS.
Let me turn to the most important part of a stronger society: education.
Of all that we have achieved since 2010, this is what I am most proud of.
Under the Labour party, only two thirds of schools were rated “good” or “outstanding”; now it is about 90%.
They took us down the international league tables; we are now soaring up them.
They devalued apprenticeships; we are investing in them.
They backed rip-off degrees, and we are ending them.
We are also introducing the new advanced British standard, so that everyone will study maths and English to 18, learn a broader range of subjects, with more hours in the classroom, and we will finally break down the barriers between academic and technical education.
More teachers, higher standards and more apprenticeships: on the Government side of the House, a stronger society is an opportunity society, and this Conservative Government are delivering.
We can only build that stronger society with stronger communities, and that is what this King’s Speech does.
We are reforming the housing market to empower leaseholders and to give renters more security; establishing a new independent football regulator to give fans a greater voice in their clubs; and delivering our promise to level up with record investment in local areas.
We are  building a million more homes, all the while protecting the green belt—unlike the charter for sprawl that we see from the Labour party.
That brings me to transport.
Every single penny that would have been spent on High Speed 2—a repeatedly delayed, expensive project that failed to meet people’s real needs—is now being invested in the north, in the midlands and right across the country, with £36 billion of investment in projects that people really need and actually want.
Network North is without question the most ambitious scheme for northern transport that any Government have developed, ever.
Yet first the Leader of the Opposition was against it, then he was for it, and now he is not really sure.
One thing is for sure: you simply cannot trust a word he says.
None of those important changes will mean anything if people do not feel safe in their communities.
The facts are clear: it is this Government that is on the side of law and order.
This King’s Speech introduces legislation to better support victims, as well as new measures to combat the scourge of antisocial behaviour, all building on a proud record of tackling crime—20,000 more police officers on the streets, more police on the streets than ever before. [
Interruption.]