It’s okay, Chief Whip, I’m not going to follow that lead.
My kids come to work with me, so they support me in their own chaotic way.
Gigi, aged 3, dressed as a witch on Hallowe’en.
She merrily skipped up the steps of one house, turned to me and said loudly, “Mummy, this is just like canvassing.”
Then the door opened and she went, “Trick or treat!”
and I said, “I blame those CCHQ canvassing scripts”—an absolute disaster.
A myriad of female colleagues naturally support each other, on both sides of the House.
I especially congratulate my hon.
Friend  the Member for Brecon and Radnorshire (Fay Jones)  on her wedding at the weekend.
She looked absolutely radiant and I wish her and her husband a long, happy life together.
I am chuffed to be the first MP from Stroud to be asked to second the Loyal Address.
Stroud, with its valleys and vale, is gorgeous, so please visit.
We have the quirky bit of the Cotswolds with a creative, innovative and industrial spirit throughout.
People rightly expect a lot of their public servants in our neck of the woods, so I mainly sit in the House of Commons Library, as others know, dealing with endless amounts of casework and correspondence.
I am having some successes: I am steadily chipping away at 20-year-old problems such as Tricorn House and accessibility at Stroud station and at newer challenges, including Rush skatepark and Stroud Maternity’s postnatal beds.
People take the mick out of me sitting in the Library, but I really like it.
It is never dull.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Totnes (Anthony Mangnall) , another denizen of the Library, excitedly texted me one day, saying, “Come see my tortoise.”
I have heard about these public schoolboys and how they like to give nicknames to things, so it was not without fear and trepidation that I came into his bit of the Library to see his tortoise.
Happily, Mr Speaker, it was actually your tortoise that I got to see; he was eating merrily on the Terrace.
May I also say that your decision to add giant cats and other creatures to this already odd place is very welcome?
I listened carefully to what His Majesty the King had to say earlier.
It is customary to be jolly in seconding a speech, but we all know that these are difficult times.
To hear that the Government’s focus is on security challenges, both domestic and international, was extremely important.
Thereafter, I can get behind all actions to increase economic growth and help our constituents with day-to-day pressures or injustices.
By way of an example, Stroud constituents should not be ripped off by rogue property management companies.
I commend the campaigning work of local people and my hon.
Friends the Members for North East Bedfordshire (Richard Fuller) and for Cities of London and Westminster (Nickie Aiken) to get leasehold reform and protections for homeowners on the agenda.
The King’s comments about putting people in control of their futures and the focus on town regeneration give me hope for high streets, businesses and fantastic areas such as Berkeley and Stroud towns.
With the Prime Minister gripping artificial intelligence and new technology, we are poised and ready to fly with innovation in renewables, hydrogen internal combustion engines, nuclear and many other science, technology, engineering and maths fields.
The Government’s NHS long-term workforce plan must get lift-off if we are to help Stroud Maternity midwives.
I have long campaigned for more apprentices as well, so let us get rid of all barriers in further education.
My excellent friend and constituency neighbour, my right hon.
and learned Friend  the Member for Cheltenham (Alex Chalk) , will clearly have a lot to do as Secretary of State for Justice, but I still hope that he will look closely at family law reform to keep cases involving children out of the courts system.