A bill will progress the construction of a national Holocaust Memorial and Learning Centre in Victoria Tower Gardens.
My Government will act to keep communities safe from crime, anti-social behaviour, terrorism and illegal migration.
A bill will be brought forward to ensure tougher sentences for the most serious offenders and increase the confidence of victims.
My Ministers will introduce legislation to empower police forces and the criminal justice system to prevent new or complex crimes, such as digital-enabled crime and child sexual abuse, including grooming.
At a time when threats to national security are changing rapidly due to new technology, my Ministers will give the security and intelligence services the powers they need and will strengthen independent judicial oversight.
Legislation will be introduced to protect public premises from terrorism in light of the Manchester Arena attack.
My Government will deliver on the Illegal Migration Act passed earlier this year and on international agreements, to stop dangerous and illegal Channel crossings and ensure it is the government, not criminal gangs, who decides who comes to this country.
My Government will continue to champion security around the world, to invest in our gallant Armed Forces and to support veterans to whom so much is owed.
My Ministers will work closely with international partners to support Ukraine, strengthen NATO and address the most pressing security challenges.
This includes the consequences of the barbaric acts of terrorism against the people of Israel, facilitating humanitarian support into Gaza and supporting the cause of peace and stability in the Middle East.
My Government will continue to lead action on tackling climate change and biodiversity loss, support developing countries with their energy transition, and hold other countries to their environmental commitments.
The United Kingdom will continue to lead international discussions to ensure that Artificial Intelligence is developed safely.
My Government will host the Global Investment Summit, the European Political Community, and the Energy Conference, leading global conversations on the United Kingdom’s most pressing challenges.
I look forward to welcoming His Excellency the President of the Republic of Korea and Mrs. Kim Keon Hee for a State Visit later this month.
My Government will, in all respects, seek to make long-term decisions in the interests of future generations.
My Ministers will address inflation and the drivers of low growth over demands for greater spending or borrowing.
My Ministers will put the security of communities and the nation ahead of the rights of those who endanger it.
By taking these long-term decisions, my Government will change this country and build a better future.
Members of the House of Commons
Estimates for the public services will be laid before you.
My Lords and Members of the House of Commons
Other measures will be laid before you.
I pray that the blessing of Almighty God may rest upon your counsels.
I am not sure about the link between that and energy security, but I can tell the hon.
Gentleman that thanks to the efforts of my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Plymouth, Moor View (Johnny Mercer) , veterans’ homelessness is at record low levels in this country.
Rough sleeping overall is down by around a third since the peak, thanks to the actions of this Government and in particular the landmark Homelessness Reduction Act 2017—passed by this Government—which has helped relieve or prevent more than 640,000 people from becoming homelessness.
Returning to energy security, the Opposition want to ban all new oil and gas licences, risking our becoming even more dependent on Putin’s Russia for our crucial supplies of energy.
What is even more absurd about their policy is this: the Leader of the Opposition is not against all oil and gas; he is just against British oil and gas.