Rough sleeping overall is down by around a third since the peak, thanks to the actions of this Government and in particular the landmark Homelessness Reduction Act 2017—passed by this Government—which has helped relieve or prevent more than 640,000 people from becoming homelessness.
Returning to energy security, the Opposition want to ban all new oil and gas licences, risking our becoming even more dependent on Putin’s Russia for our crucial supplies of energy.
What is even more absurd about their policy is this: the Leader of the Opposition is not against all oil and gas; he is just against British oil and gas.
Unlike the Opposition, who want to pursue net zero with an ideological zeal—going even faster and further no matter what the cost or the disruption—we on the Conservative Benches are cutting the cost of net zero for working people, saving British families £5,000, £10,000 or £15,000, and that is the choice.
Message to attend His Majesty delivered by the Lady Usher of the Black Rod.
The Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty; on their return, the Speaker suspended the sitting.
The House has directed the Speaker to make a statement at the beginning of each Session about the duties and responsibilities of hon.
Members.
I begin by reminding hon.
Members of their duty to observe the code of conduct agreed by the House and to behave with civility and fairness in all their dealings.
The behaviour code applies to Members as it applies to others who visit or work within Parliament, and it provides very clear guidance.
Unacceptable behaviour will be dealt with seriously, independently and with effective sanctions.
The House asserts its privilege of freedom of speech.
That privilege is enjoyed by Members of Parliament only in their work in this House; as private individuals, we are equal under the law with those whom we represent.
It is there to ensure that our constituents can be represented by us without fear or favour.
It is an obligation upon us all to exercise that privilege with responsibility.
I now come to the accuracy of Members’ contributions, which is more tricky.
The Speaker does not have the power to police the accuracy of Members—[Hon.
Members: “Shame.”]
It may be a shame, but these are the facts.
The Speaker does not have the power to police the accuracy of Members’ contributions, including those of Ministers.
It is therefore incumbent on Members to be accurate in what they say in this House, but if a Member is inaccurate by mistake, they should correct that mistake as soon as possible.
Let us now turn to courtesy and temperate language.
Members must also be mindful of the impact of what we say, not only on other Members but on those who follow our proceedings, and Members should be heard courteously whatever their views.
I draw the House’s attention to the guidance on rules of behaviour and courtesies in the House of Commons.
A new version for this Session is now available, clarifying those areas.
Turning to criticism of Members, in this place we are honourable Members, and the language we use about each other should reflect that.
If a Member falls short of the standards expected of us all, there are ways of dealing with that, but not by accusations made as sideswipes during questions or debates.
If we fail to treat each other with respect in debate, that diminishes our work, but it also risks raising the temperature of discussions outside this place, particularly on social media, which already too often descend into online abuse against hon.
Members.
It is so important that hon.
Members are able to raise matters with me freely.
For that reason, I keep such correspondence confidential, including applications for urgent questions.
I remind Members that it is equally important that my responses, particularly on matters of privilege, are treated with the same respect.
I hope that certain Members are listening.