If those atrocities had been on our soil and against our people, we would have been expected to launch a robust response—Israel has that right, too.
Indeed, what else did Hamas expect would happen?
The conflict in Ukraine may be off the front pages, but we must not waver in our support for the courageous Ukrainian people.
Good government is not so much about how many laws we have and how many new laws we announce, but about how we respond to changing and unexpected events such as the pandemic.
Hindsight is a wonderful thing, but the Prime Minister’s furlough scheme and help for businesses were the right thing to do.
The universal credit system was also robust in the face of unprecedented demand.
With small boat crossings of the channel down by more than a fifth year on year, we are making progress in curbing the organised criminal gangs engaged in this dangerous, exploitative trade.
Furthermore, if we can stand up the Rwanda scheme, it will be a game changer.
Our help should be for those most in need, not those most able to pay.
Finally, I come to a true story from the 2019 winter general election; I heard your strictures about being truthful to the House, Mr Speaker, and this absolutely happened.
One of the strongest Labour areas in my patch is a former council estate called Eastfield—we usually go there early in the campaign to get it out of the way—but this time it was different: people were crossing the street to shake my hand.
They had voted for Brexit and wanted to get it done, and they were sick of being ignored.
When my wife, Maureen, knocked on one door, the lady who answered was effusive in her admiration for Prime Minister Johnson.
When I arrived, I asked her why she was so enthusiastic.
She said, “Boris is one of us.”
When I politely pointed out that he had been to Eton and Oxford, she replied, “You don’t understand.
He had a row with his wife and the police came round.
That’s what happens on this street all the time.” [
Laughter.]
I commend the Gracious Speech to the House.
It is an honour to second the Loyal Address and I am proud that the Stroud constituency is playing its part in history, given that this is the first state opening by His Majesty the King.
The late Queen was an inspiration for everyone across this great nation.
For Members of this House, she reminded us that, despite the melodrama of politics, we are all here to serve the public.
The King is already following in his mother’s footsteps and making us all proud, although when I told my non-political family that I was going to be talking about the King’s Speech, the response I got was, “Oh, great, that’s a really good film.” [
Laughter.]
Talking about hard acts to follow, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Scarborough and Whitby (Sir Robert Goodwill)  had me doing a fair few “lols”; I know exactly the areas he is talking about.
He has definitely landed that promotion with that speech, in his final furlong.
We have many connections, which I will touch on today, but Scarborough Athletic FC will play Stroud’s Forest Green Rovers in the FA cup next week, so we have another rumble to come.
I know my right hon.
Friend will be missed when he gets his pipe and slippers out to retire next year, but his lovely new grandchildren will keep him very busy.
I went to school in my right hon.
Friend’s constituency.