We have already invested record amounts in renewables such as offshore wind.
We backed Sizewell C, the first new nuclear in decades.
The King’s Speech introduces new legislation for North sea oil and gas, supporting hundreds of thousands of British jobs.
We can compare and contrast that with the Opposition’s energy policy—
Will the Prime Minister give way? [
Interruption.]
Order.
Members have the right to intervene.
If the Prime Minister wishes to give way, that is up to the Prime Minister.
If he wishes not to do so, that is also fine.
We can compare and contrast—
Will the Prime Minister give way? [
Interruption.]
Order.
The Prime Minister is not giving way.
We can compare and contrast the proposed new legislation with the Opposition’s energy policy, and there is one word for it: naive.
That is not my word, but that of their own union paymasters.
I will happily give way.
I am very grateful to the Prime Minister.
Bearing in mind that a significant proportion of people who sleep rough are Army veterans and people with acquired brain injuries, does the Prime Minister agree with the Home Secretary when she says that homelessness—sleeping rough—is “a lifestyle choice”?
If he does not, will he sack her?
I am not sure about the link between that and energy security, but I can tell the hon.
Gentleman that thanks to the efforts of my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Plymouth, Moor View (Johnny Mercer) , veterans’ homelessness is at record low levels in this country.
Rough sleeping overall is down by around a third since the peak, thanks to the actions of this Government and in particular the landmark Homelessness Reduction Act 2017—passed by this Government—which has helped relieve or prevent more than 640,000 people from becoming homelessness.[Official Report,  13 November 2023 , Vol.
740, c. 6MC.]
Returning to energy security, the Opposition want to ban all new oil and gas licences, risking our becoming even more dependent on Putin’s Russia for our crucial supplies of energy.
What is even more absurd about their policy is this: the Leader of the Opposition is not against all oil and gas; he is just against British oil and gas.
Unlike the Opposition, who want to pursue net zero with an ideological zeal—going even faster and further no matter what the cost or the disruption—we on the Conservative Benches are cutting the cost of net zero for working people, saving British families £5,000, £10,000 or £15,000, and that is the choice.
I am grateful to the Prime Minister for giving way.
I want to ask him when he will start being straight with the British public.
He pretends that new oil and gas licences will somehow guarantee our energy security, when he knows that that oil and gas is sold on international markets to the highest bidder.
He pretends that it will get people’s bills down, yet his own Secretary of State for Energy has said that it will not.
When will he stop governing by gimmick, and when will he start actually rolling out the home insulation programme that will get people’s bills down?
The hon.
Lady talks about being straight.
It is the Conservative party and me who were straight with the British people about the cost of getting to net zero—something that she and the Labour party would do well to follow.
Because we have been honest and transparent and have cut those costs, we will save British families £5,000, £10,000 or £15,000—
indicated dissent.
Order.
The Prime Minister gave way to the hon.
Lady.
She should at least do him the courtesy of hearing the answer.
That is the simple choice: a Government on the side of hard-working people or an Opposition and the hon.
Lady on the side of the eco-zealots.
If we want truly to change our country, we need a stronger society.