My Ministers will address inflation and the drivers of low growth over demands for greater spending or borrowing.
My Ministers will put the security of communities and the nation ahead of the rights of those who endanger it.
By taking these long-term decisions, my Government will change this country and build a better future.
Members of the House of Commons
Estimates for the public services will be laid before you.
My Lords and Members of the House of Commons
Other measures will be laid before you.
I pray that the blessing of Almighty God may rest upon your counsels.
Before I call the mover and seconder, I want to announce the proposed subjects of debate during the remaining days on the Loyal Address: today, debate on the Address; tomorrow, breaking down barriers to opportunity; Thursday, making Britain a clean energy superpower; Monday, building an NHS fit for the future; Tuesday, securing high, sustained economic growth in every part of the country; and Wednesday, reducing violent crime and raising confidence in policing and the criminal justice system.
I have the pleasure to call Sir Robert Goodwill to move the motion on the Address, and then I will call Siobhan Baillie to second it.
I beg to move,
That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, as follows:
Most Gracious Sovereign,
We, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, in Parliament assembled, beg leave to offer our humble thanks to Your Majesty for the Gracious Speech which Your Majesty has addressed to both Houses of Parliament.
It is a great honour to move the Humble Address.
This is the first time that King Charles has opened a Session as monarch, and today’s pomp and ceremony are tinged with sadness as we remember the late Queen with affection and with gratitude for 70 years of service to our kingdom and Commonwealth.
We look forward to another significant reign as the baton is passed to the next generation.
So, Mr Speaker, it has finally come to this.
It is official: I was the future once.
The seconder of the Humble Address, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Stroud (Siobhan Baillie) , for whom I am the warm-up act today, is always described as up and coming.
I am not really sure what that makes me.
I recall the last occasion, when my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Beverley and Holderness (Graham Stuart)  was proposing the Humble Address and we all thought he was on the scrapheap, but less than two months later he was back on the Front Bench attending Cabinet, so you never know—although, the Chief Whip has assured me that there is no danger of that happening to me.
Scarborough and Whitby has to be the best constituency in the country.
Of course, Mr Speaker, it has a head start by being in Yorkshire.
They say you should never ask someone if they are from Yorkshire, because if they are, they are bound to mention it in the first five minutes; and if they are not, why humiliate them unnecessarily?
I am pleased to see our colleagues in the Scottish National party sporting the white rose of Yorkshire today, although I must point out that Yorkshire Day is  1 August , so not for the first time they have got things wrong.
The arrival of the railways created Scarborough as our first seaside destination, and we are still Britain’s premier coastal resort and second only to London for the number of visitors.
In fact, there could be more if some of the £36 billion recouped from HS2 could be redeployed on dualling the A64.