This Government will do whatever it takes to keep the Jewish community safe, just as we will do whatever it takes to keep every community safe.
We will fight hatred and extremism in all its forms, wherever it is found, today, tomorrow and always.
We are the world’s most successful multi-ethnic, multi-faith democracy, and we will protect our democracy from all threats to it.
This King’s Speech is about what this Government are about—taking long-term decisions to build a brighter future for our country.
It builds on foundations that  were far stronger than they were just a year ago: inflation falling and on track to be halved; an economy now growing faster than France and Germany; national debt on track to fall; more support for the NHS this winter; and we are stopping the boats, with crossings this year down by over a fifth, as we ensure that it is this Government, not criminal gangs, who decide who comes to our country.
Now that we have strengthened the foundations, this King’s Speech turns to the future, taking long-term decisions with a single objective—to change our country for the better: change in our economy with new legislation to improve our energy security, join a huge trade pact with the fastest-growing region in the world and prepare to seize the opportunities of a new technological age; change in our society with new protections for leaseholders and renters, a Bill to safeguard the future of football clubs and fans, and the historic legislation that will finally create the first smoke-free generation; and change to keep our nation secure and our communities safe with tougher sentences for criminals, more powers for the police and security services, and tough new action to clamp down on antisocial behaviour.
What will all this mean for the British people?
More jobs, more investment and higher growth; more police on the streets with stronger powers to keep us safe; places people are proud to call home; and a country strong at home, confident abroad and with a better future ahead for all our people.
That is the change that this King’s Speech and this Government will deliver.
The Loyal Address was brilliantly proposed by my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Scarborough and Whitby (Sir Robert Goodwill) .
I will always be grateful to him, because when I was first selected as the Conservative candidate for Richmond (Yorks), my right hon.
Friend took a call from a prominent farmer in my local community who had expressed some consternation about the revelation that I did not eat beef.
Quick as a flash, my right hon.
Friend replied, “Don’t worry, he’s the perfect candidate—there’ll be more for me and thee!”
As a proud Yorkshireman, my right hon.
Friend has a reputation for being very careful with money.
Just the other day, he went shopping for a new pair of shoes, and when the shop assistant tried to throw away the old pair, he said, “Hang on a second, I want to keep those laces—there’s still life in them yet!”
I have often regarded myself as a trainee Yorkshireman, and it turned that out that, with him, I was also a trainee fiscal Conservative.
That is why I asked my right hon.
Friend to apply his same zeal for savings to efficiencies that we could make across Whitehall.
He came back with a great list: Yorkshire teabags are perfectly fine for another three or four goes, the DEFRA thermostat was set far too high at 17° and seven bins are simply far too many.
My right hon.
Friend is probably the only Member of this House who is the proud owner of his own graveyard.
Apparently, he even does some of the digging himself.
No wonder he is such a staunch supporter of the Government’s plan to protect renters: he fully supports the right of his tenants to be left undisturbed over the very long long-term.