Friend will be missed when he gets his pipe and slippers out to retire next year, but his lovely new grandchildren will keep him very busy.
I went to school in my right hon.
Friend’s constituency.
If I could tell the younger me in Scarborough, a young fashionista wearing Spice Girl platforms, Adidas trackie bottoms and a second-hand Umbro jumper—it was a very strong look, although I am grateful that there were no camera phones then—that I would have the privilege of representing the beautiful constituency of Stroud, speaking ahead of the Prime Minister, after being in the same room as the King and the Queen, I think young me would have thought I had lost the plot.
What did the Conservative party do for a free school meal kid, who left home at 15 and did not go to university?
It gave her  a seat at the most famous palace in the world, led by the son of a pharmacist, who is also leading the most diverse Cabinet we have ever known.
The public service bit of this job motivates me, but that is not what hits the headlines.
I am often asked, “How do you survive with everybody backstabbing, doing their own thing and out to get each other?”
I just smile and say, “I don’t hang around with the Labour party.” [
Interruption.]
I love you all really.
To be honest, the parliamentary Labour party has absolutely nothing on the Stroud Labour party, whose members have all resigned or fallen out with each other.
What I actually say is that to survive in this place you have to find some friends, and then fully expect them to push you into the Thames in the run-up to a reshuffle.
We also get new friends for very short periods of time, come Select Committee elections.
I sort of miss the daily messages from  the right hon.
Member for Birmingham, Hodge Hill (Liam Byrne) .
His text messages are less famous than his scary handwritten notes about the economy, but they are still persistent.
Back to navigating a workplace that is mad as a box of frogs.
Early on, I came up with “Operation Green Benches”, whereby I shunned history books and Hansard and researched parliamentary sketches instead, because I love them.
Quentin Letts once wrote that the area of the Government Benches where I am now sitting is the “naughty corner”, so that sorted out where I would sit.
It sounded fun and he was right.
I then realised that identifying the loudest colleagues to sit with, and effectively hide behind, could be crucial to avoid the wrath of the Speaker.
My right hon.
Friend  the Member for Elmet and Rothwell (Alec Shelbrooke)  seemed to fit that bill.
He was described as being “expansively waistcoated” and having “lungs like bagpipes” —perfect.
He is not in his place.
He is watching at home on the tellybox, but no doubt he is wearing a waistcoat.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for North Dorset (Simon Hoare)  and my right hon.
and learned Friend  the Member for South Swindon (Sir Robert Buckland)  are often depicted as noisy and boisterous.
Those two appeared to come free with “bagpipe lungs”, in a creative BOGOF-style deal that probably should be banned, but this strategy has served me well and given me a slightly dysfunctional, but always hilarious and caring Chamber family whom I love dearly.
The other five Gloucestershire MPs are also guiding lights, not least my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Forest of Dean (Mr Harper) , who taught me that consistent rebelling does not hinder one’s career.
It’s okay, Chief Whip, I’m not going to follow that lead.
My kids come to work with me, so they support me in their own chaotic way.
Gigi, aged 3, dressed as a witch on Hallowe’en.