It certainly is.
I must say that my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Richmond (Yorks)  (Rishi Sunak) could not be a better neighbour or better friend to me.
Labour was well ahead in the polls in the run-up to the 1992 election, and Mo had a car at the count, with the engine running, ready to take her down to sit in Neil Kinnock’s Cabinet as Northern Ireland Secretary, but once again the polls were wrong.
I stood in North West Leicestershire in the 1997 Blair landslide election, which I will quickly pass over.
Suffice it to say that both seats in which I stood, Redcar and North West Leicestershire, eventually returned Conservative Members.
I like to think that the Goodwill effect was a slow burn.
After what I will call a five-year sabbatical in the European Parliament, I was selected to stand for Scarborough and Whitby, a seat that had been consistently blue since 1918 but had been red in both 1997 and 2001.
Even though the exit poll said I would lose, we managed to prevail on  5 May 2005  and I entered the House at last.
I put our victory down to one deciding factor.
On the eve of poll, of all the places that Tony Blair could have chosen for his big election rally, he chose Scarborough.
Maybe the Leader of the Opposition could indulge me next time round and come to Scarborough on the eve of the poll to see if he can replicate the Blair effect—or better still, he could have a rally in Sheffield and go the full Kinnock.
At the following election, I was the victim of a fly-poster campaign.
All over town, there were A4 photocopies asking, “What is the difference between Robert Goodwill and a supermarket trolley?”
The local newspaper picked up on this and concluded that a supermarket trolley has a mind of its own.
I must admit that I have never voted against the Tory Whip, so that might explain it.
However, having been here a while, I can now reveal the real answer to the question.
The difference between an MP and a supermarket trolley is that there is a physical limit to the amount of food and drink that you can get into a supermarket trolley.
I certainly welcome the Bills that have been announced.
In particular, I would like to see convicted criminals attend their sentencing.
Life for some of the most severe crimes must mean life.
Fairness is part of what it means to be British, and we must ensure that the dynamic between freeholders and leaseholders is intrinsically fair, in the same way as we should show equal respect for landlords and tenants when they are doing the right thing.
I was pleased to see that the ban on live animal exports for slaughter will happen, now we are outside the European Union and have the freedom to do that.
Those who are successful in the ballot for private Members’ Bills will not be short of other suggestions, both from the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs and from animal welfare organisations, to carry forward some important measures in that area, which I know is important to the Government.
The Bill to tackle unlicensed and uninsured pedicabs, which can rip off unsuspecting tourists, is not before time.
Today’s focus is on the legislative agenda, but we cannot ignore what is going on outside our borders.
The butchery we saw from Hamas on  7 October  was evil beyond anything most of us could even imagine—and, yes, BBC, these thugs are terrorists.
If those atrocities had been on our soil and against our people, we would have been expected to launch a robust response—Israel has that right, too.
Indeed, what else did Hamas expect would happen?
The conflict in Ukraine may be off the front pages, but we must not waver in our support for the courageous Ukrainian people.