I have long campaigned for more apprentices as well, so let us get rid of all barriers in further education.
My excellent friend and constituency neighbour, my right hon.
and learned Friend  the Member for Cheltenham (Alex Chalk) , will clearly have a lot to do as Secretary of State for Justice, but I still hope that he will look closely at family law reform to keep cases involving children out of the courts system.
Although I was not expecting new childcare announcements, I urge the whole Government to get behind the Chancellor’s investment in families by urgently boosting the early years workforce.
His Majesty the King said that the Government will lead on action to tackle biodiversity loss.
With COP28 approaching, the Prime Minister should get familiar  with WWT Slimbridge’s flamingos on our patch.
I will take all the help that I can get to have a dedicated domestic wetlands team and strategy in the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs.
If he is not persuaded, flamingos are absolutely marvellous for that wonderful Instagram account of his.
The King is the WWT president, and wetlands can genuinely help us to reach our net zero targets.
I said earlier that public service was a privilege and I genuinely meant it.
It gives us the chance to change things for everyday families and champion those who deserve and need our support.
It also allows the hardest working Prime Minister that I have known—and I have known quite a few recently; even my baby had met three Prime Ministers by the time she was three months old—to show the country, week in, week out, how we can bring long-term change against global headwinds, and I second this Loyal Address.
I call the Leader of the Opposition.
Before I turn to the Humble Address, I am sure the whole House will join me in paying tribute to His Majesty the King on the occasion of his first Gracious Speech as our sovereign.
Of course, he gave the speech last year, and has for some time enjoyed the best view in the House on how it should be done.
None the less, this is a new chapter for him and our country, so we pay tribute to him.
I also congratulate both the mover and seconder of the Humble Address for their fantastic speeches.
The right hon.
Member for Scarborough and Whitby (Sir Robert Goodwill)  once again showed us his deep love for his constituency and delivered a truly great speech.
He has been a good servant and is well respected across the House, but he is now wanted again on his farm.
I can inform the House that he is also one of this country’s leading steam engine enthusiasts and the proud owner of a Fowler K5 ploughing engine, which is not a tractor, but is none the less a beautiful machine that on a good day, when he really steps on it, can still give the TransPennine Express a run for its money.
However, I warn him to be careful: there are some weird and wonderful details in all those Network North announcements, and the Prime Minister might commandeer his Fowler—for illustrative purposes only, of course.
It was great to hear  the hon.
Member for Stroud (Siobhan Baillie)  make a powerful speech to this House.
It is only right that the Prime Minister selected someone with good sense to second the Humble Address, and so of course he had to turn to a working-class lawyer with a connection to Camden.
I can say from personal knowledge, and from many people in Camden, that as a Camden councillor she was respected across parties, as she is here.
A year ago, she rightly pointed out that
“there are many ways to boost domestic energy security using nuclear, solar, marine energy…and onshore wind”—
an argument that shows exactly why she has a bright future within her party.