That landmark policy will make an enormous difference to millions of families up and down the country, and my hon.
Friend should be incredibly proud of her part in making that happen.
My hon.
Friend overcame great odds to reach her place today.
Growing up on free school meals, she left home as a teenager and worked her way up as a family  lawyer, without attending university, before becoming the first female MP of Stroud in 2019.
Sometimes people ask me what being a Conservative is all about, and I can think of no greater example than that.
My hon.
Friend is a remarkable person, a dedicated MP, and someone with a huge future ahead.
Her speech was in the finest traditions of this House.
Let me also thank the Leader of the Opposition for his contribution to this debate, and indeed his first U-turn of it.
As a former republican, he used to think that this country should not even have a King’s Speech, but at least that is one U-turn the whole country will welcome.
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman is prone to changing his position, but in fairness his speech did strike a few consistent notes: higher inflation, more strikes, more immigration and higher borrowing.
The Labour party’s plan to unnecessarily borrow £28 billion more every year and give in to inflation-busting pay demands from its union paymasters is dangerous, inflationary, and the British people would pay the price in higher interest rates and higher taxes.
In truth, Labour will borrow anything—people’s money or people’s ideas—and it now turns out that his copy-and-paste shadow Chancellor is happy to borrow other people’s work, too, but she is not the only Member on the Opposition Benches to get unstuck by a book.
Earlier this year, the Leader of the Opposition had to abandon writing his own book and return the deposit.
It was supposed to be his vision for Britain, but his publishers discovered what the British people already know: he simply does not have one.
While he stands for the same old ideas, we are focused on the long-term decisions that will provide a better and brighter future for everyone.
That is what this King’s Speech will deliver.
That change starts with changing our economy.
We have already delivered the largest fall in inflation since the 1980s, a faster recovery from the pandemic than Germany, France and Japan, and tens of billions of pounds of new investment from around the world.
We believe that the role of Government is to create the conditions for the private sector to thrive.
That is where new growth and new jobs come from.
It is why we have given business a £27 billion tax cut on investment, launched 12 freeports around the UK to create jobs and investment, and introduced legislation in this King’s Speech so that we can confirm our membership of the comprehensive and progressive agreement for trans-Pacific partnership, a huge trading pact with the fastest growing region in the world. [
Interruption.]
I hear from those on the Opposition Benches that it will make no difference.
We can only do that because of our new freedoms outside the European Union—freedoms that the Leader of the Opposition wants to abandon, instead locking the United Kingdom into a new European deal that would tie us into EU rules and regulations that we would have no say over and opening our borders to 100,000 additional EU migrants every single year.
As well as failing to secure our borders, the Opposition would also fail to secure our energy supplies.
We know that economic growth requires energy security.
We have already invested record amounts in renewables such as offshore wind.
We backed Sizewell C, the first new nuclear in decades.
The King’s Speech introduces new legislation for North sea oil and gas, supporting hundreds of thousands of British jobs.