The former Minister made every effort in his role to break down the barriers for medicinal cannabis under prescription to children with epilepsy.
Will the Leader of the House please urge the new Minister to call a roundtable of all the stakeholders, so that those children can get the medicine they deserve?
I thank the hon.
Lady and my hon.
Friend the Member for Dover for the work they have been doing on this issue.
I will certainly make sure that the new Secretary of State has heard about the hon.
Lady’s comments today and is aware of her interest in this matter.
I bring some sad news to the House this morning: my Conservative predecessor, Sir Thomas Arnold, died on Tuesday.
He is known to many on the Conservative Benches for his years of work—a decade or so—as chair of candidates.
He was the godson of Ivor Novello, and as well as inheriting the rights to various of his musicals, he also inherited his piano.
He was quite a character and was a great support to me, and gave me much wise advice; whether I always followed it is a different matter.
As chair of candidates, Sir Thomas oversaw the 1987 and 1992 elections, and is responsible—or, indeed, culpable—for a number of Members being in this House today.
His guiding words were these:
“The Conservative Party…is looking for men and women who have a good working knowledge of contemporary politics and a proven track record of experience…who above all know their own minds.”
With those words in mind, might the Leader of the House be able to facilitate a debate so that we can all learn how parties across the House can attract such candidates to be elected to this place?
I am sure I speak for all Members present when I say how sorry we are at that sad news, and that our thoughts are with Sir Thomas’s friends and family.
He achieved the only Conservative gain in the 1974 election, which was the second time he stood for Parliament.
He was Parliamentary Private Secretary in the Northern Ireland Office and later in the Foreign and Commonwealth Office.
He was vice-chairman of the party under Peter Brooke in 1983, and I am told that the most enjoyable time he spent in Parliament was when he headed the Commons Treasury Select Committee, which included an investigation into the downfall of Barings bank.
He achieved a great deal for this country, and we remember him and his service fondly. [
Hon.
Members: “Hear, hear.”]
On  26 October  in a point of order, I named Zaher Birawi and Muhammad Qassem Sawalha as Hamas operatives living in London.
Since then, further Hamas operatives such as Majed Khalil al-Zeer and Ziad El Aloul have come to light as British nationals with links to Hamas, a terrorist organisation.
Given the national security implications, can we have an urgent statement in Government time on what the Home Office is doing about Hamas operatives here in Britain?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for raising this matter, which I know is a concern for many Members across the House.
We have given the police new and updated powers, and we will continue to look at what further support they can be given to tackle this appalling situation.
There can be absolutely no tolerance for anyone who facilitates or supports terrorism—that is very clear, and I think that view is shared on all sides of this House, even if some Members sometimes find it hard to articulate it.
As  the hon.
Member for Gower (Tonia Antoniazzi)  has said, Teagan Appleby, my teenage constituent, is at the moment in intensive care across the road in the Evelina London Children’s Hospital.
My right hon.