That provides voters with transparency over the money spent by political parties during elections and assurance that there is a level playing field for all political parties.
Public confidence in the integrity of our democracy is only harmed by the idea that somehow it can be bought by the people with the deepest pockets.
Can the hon.
Member assure me that the Electoral Commission understands that in setting those limits, it is a question not simply of finance and arithmetic but of the integrity of the system and that level playing field?
The UK Government’s proposals to increase the spending limits and donation reporting thresholds represent a significant change to the UK’s political finance controls.
The Commission’s research shows a long-term decline in public confidence in the political finance system.
Any changes to spending or reporting thresholds must be supported by rigorous analysis, including on the likely impact on public confidence and transparency.
The Commission has not seen any evidence to support these changes.
It is concerned that the proposals risk damaging the transparency of political donations and give significantly more scope for higher-spending parties to campaign.
The hon.
Member for South West Bedfordshire, representing the Church Commissioners was asked—
What recent progress the Church of England has made on increasing engagement with children and young people.
My hon.
Friend is right to focus on the importance of this issue.
The Church of England is working hard to create a church that is younger and more diverse, doubling  the number of children and young active disciples by 2030.
More than £60 million has been awarded to five dioceses to achieve that.
Recently, I had the opportunity to be at the patronal service where 12 young people from St Mary’s church in Kenton and St Lawrence’s church in Stanmore were confirmed in the Church of England.
That demonstrates that young people are attracted to the church, but what more can my hon.
Friend—and the Church—do to attract younger people to come into the church and fulfil their destiny?
I am delighted to learn about the good work at St Mary’s Kenton and St Lawrence’s Stanmore, where 12 young people were recently confirmed.
The good news is that the £60 million is being well spent, and is producing promising results across the Church of England.
We need to see a lot more of it.
Whenever I was a child in the ’60s—it wasn’t yesterday—every child in Ballywalter attended Sunday school meetings.
Today, it is a different generation.
National Sunday attendance figures for under-16s have dropped below 100,000 for the first time.
I understand that the Church is reaching out to young people, but perhaps we need to reach out a wee bit differently.
What plans are there to do that?
As always, the hon.
Gentleman is on the money.
I can tell him that the Church’s strategic mission and ministry investment board is doing exactly that: investing in a range of different organisations that are connecting really well with young people, often through community projects.
Large numbers of them are coming to church and staying there, which is brilliant.
If the Church Commissioners will take steps to share good practice from the work of the Lichfield cathedral summer school.
I thank my hon.
Friend and the cathedral chapter at Lichfield for their warm welcome on my recent visit, which I greatly enjoyed.
The Lichfield cathedral summer school is indeed an inspiration to the wider Church in supporting children, many of whom are on free school meals, to socialise and learn before the new school year begins.
It has expanded with county council support and the Government’s holiday activities and food programme, and it would like to operate throughout the school holidays.
I warmly commend it.
I thank my hon.
Friend for his answer.
It is the 20th anniversary of MusicShare, which started in Lichfield.
Over 150 schools are engaged each year.