I am very sorry to hear about the disruption to the hon.
Gentleman’s constituents’ ability to travel.
He will know that that is a concern to this Government.
It is one reason why we have brought forward legislation to  guarantee minimum service levels in areas such as transport and emergency services.
It is incredibly important that industrial action, particularly when it takes place over long periods of time, does not disrupt people’s lives and cause them, for example, to lose their jobs, as has been happening in other parts of the country.
I urge him to reflect on whether he could support those measures, particularly for specific sectors, that we will bring forward in this Session.
About 40 years ago I had an unlikely campaigning role that involved organising counter-demonstrations to certain mass marches, but one area we never had to worry about was the vicinity of Parliament, because no demonstrations were allowed in Parliament Square.
The reason given for that was that Members must not be impeded in entering or leaving the Houses of Parliament.
Even if demonstrations continue to be allowed in Parliament Square, it should be a common concern to those on both sides of the House that Members find themselves getting advice from their Whips on which exits they cannot use for fear of being mobbed by an unauthorised demonstration that comes right up to the gates of Parliament.
This really has gone too far.
Sooner or later there will be an incident, unless security on entering and leaving the Houses of Parliament is restored.
I thank my right hon.
Friend for raising this important matter.
It is quite right that Members of Parliament and their staff should be able to go about their business in safety and security, and should not be disrupted in doing so.
Mr Speaker was particularly concerned about this even prior to yesterday’s incidents, and has been working with Palace security and other organisations to ensure the safety of Members of Parliament in particular.
Since the Deputy Speaker is in the Chair, I shall make sure that Mr Speaker has heard my right hon.
Friend’s concerns, and I will ask that my right hon.
Friend be kept informed of progress on such matters.
I am sorry to ask the right hon.
Lady about this again, because I know she is one of the angels on this matter, but when I asked her last summer about conversion therapy, she promised a draft Bill on the subject in the last Session.
There was no draft Bill, and there is nothing in the King’s Speech.
The Government say that is because this is very complicated.
It is not complicated.
Loads of countries have measures on this, and have had for years.
Is the real reason, as I have been told, that the Minister for Women and Equalities herself is blocking this much-needed reform?
The right hon.
Gentleman will know that bringing an end to these practices is a manifesto commitment.
It remains a manifesto commitment.
He will also know that this is a complex situation.
A lot of work has already been done, particularly by faith groups, to enable ideas and solutions to be brought forward.
I thank all Members who have engaged on this, particularly with the Minister who leads on the issue, to try to make progress.
The Secretary of State is still looking at the policy on this, and she is very aware that the House will want her decision brought forward.
I know that she is taking great care to ensure that we can protect people who might be vulnerable to these kinds of barbaric practices.
Later today, Councillor Garry Perry from my constituency will be attending the Local Government Information Unit and CCLA councillor awards.
Garry has been shortlisted for a lifetime legend award, in recognition of his dedication to building a safer, stronger, greener and more resilient community.
Will my right hon.