What will the Government do to provide increased transparency and tackle bad-faith actors using big tech to target our citizens?
The online advertising taskforce has come forward with a number of measures, and we are looking both to legislate in this area in due course and to introduce non-statutory measures.
We are committed to protecting vulnerable people from inappropriate advertising, and to tackling fraudulent advertising.
The inclusion of five additional sports in the Los Angeles Olympics programme could provide extra medal prospects for Team GB, especially as our women are current European flag champions, the England, Scotland and Wales women’s lacrosse teams are in the top 10, and we have two men and one woman in the top 10 for squash.
However, to ensure success, funding for the 2028 Olympics needs to be secured before Paris next year, so what discussions is the Minister having with the new lottery provider and the Treasury to ensure that UK sport is adequately funded for those sports and others for LA28?
I was interested to discover this morning that my hon.
Friend has a horse named after her, called Commander Crouch—if anyone wants a good investment, there you go.
The UK sports investment process for Los Angeles is under way.
I welcome the fact that there are these new sports, including flag football; I know that my hon.
Friend is a big fan of American football.
UK Sport will consider the funding for all those new sports, and I will soon have a meeting with its representatives to get an update.
Local newspapers are under threat.
When the community news project was introduced in 2018 for newspapers such as the Cambridge News, it was widely welcomed.
The project was supported by tech giant Meta, but it has now withdrawn funding.
Will the Minister join me and others in calling for it to rethink its decision?
I met representatives of Meta earlier in the week, and I did make clear to them the Government’s disappointment at the withdrawal of the community news project.
We are looking to ensure that newspapers are properly compensated by the tech giants, and measures to ensure that are contained in the Digital Markets, Competition and Consumers Bill.
After the tremendous success of the Commonwealth games in Birmingham in 2021, I was delighted to hear last week that our fantastic mayor Andy Street has secured a £9 million legacy fund from the Commonwealth games for communities to participate in grassroots projects.
Does my right hon.
Friend agreed that this is a fantastic opportunity for organisations in constituencies such as mine and across the west midlands bid for the fund in order to promote physical and mental activities in local communities?
My right hon.
Friend is right.
It is wonderful to see the legacy from the Commonwealth games.
I join her in telling people to reach out and apply.
That will be coupled with the significant investment that we are putting into grassroots sports so that communities can come together and enjoy the sports they like, and improve their physical and mental wellbeing.
The hon.
Member for Lancaster and Fleetwood, representing the Speaker’s Committee on the Electoral Commission, was asked—
What recent discussions the Committee has had with the Electoral Commission on party spending limits for elections.
The Committee has not had recent discussions with the Commission on the matters raised.
The Electoral Commission supports political parties to comply with their legal obligations to adhere to spending limits during an election campaign, and publishes their spending.
That provides voters with transparency over the money spent by political parties during elections and assurance that there is a level playing field for all political parties.
Public confidence in the integrity of our democracy is only harmed by the idea that somehow it can be bought by the people with the deepest pockets.
Can the hon.