I would like to use Government time to bring forward further legislation that enables us to get the Rwanda scheme working, and I hope that the hon.
Gentleman would support that.
He will know that the Minister for Immigration has announced the closure of the first wave of asylum hotels.
I do not know if any of those are in the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency, but he will know that that is the first tranche of several.
Yesterday, more than 60 Members of this House and the other place met under the auspices of the all-party Britain-Israel parliamentary group and witnessed the video of the true atrocities committed by Hamas on  7 October .
Rarely have I seen Members of this House and the other place so silent and so horrified.
In contrast, overnight the Israel Defence Forces have facilitated the media to enter the Al-Shifa Hospital, the Rantisi children’s hospital and the Nasser Hospital, all of which have been demonstrated to be command and control centres and weapons centres.
At the children’s hospital, there is clear evidence that hostages were kept there by Hamas and have subsequently been moved.
That is in direct contrast to what many people have seen in the media across the world from those people who support Hamas.
May we have a statement from the Government, probably from a Foreign Office Minister in this place, on exactly what is happening in terms of progress in liberating Gaza from Hamas and the attempts being made by the IDF to minimise civilian casualties as this terrible war continues?
I thank my hon.
Friend for raising this important point.
He is correct that it is now clear that hospitals and other civilian places have been used by Hamas.
That is not news: a 2015 report by Amnesty International alleges that the Shifa Hospital has served  as a Hamas interrogation and torture centre for some time.
To reassure the House, Members will know that the Israel Defence Forces are doing a huge amount and taking great care with regard to civilian lives, as they do the very difficult job of clearing these areas out and trying to destroy Hamas and their network.
The IDF transferred incubators, baby food and additional medical supplies to hospital compounds, and on Sunday they opened up additional humanitarian corridors from various hospitals for civilians and patients to evacuate—on foot if they could, or via ambulance—to the south.