I know that many hon.
and right hon.
Members will have concerns in all parts of the UK about fairness and how some charges are being applied.
I will make sure that the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero has heard what the hon.
Gentleman has said.
I am sure that, if he were to apply for a debate, it would be well attended.
As we saw in yesterday’s King’s Speech debate, some views on the Gaza conflict are becoming dangerously oversimplified and binary—someone is either in favour of a ceasefire, or they are in favour of the war continuing.
That is not just misleading, it is also provocative.
Will the Government utilise a statement or hold a debate to confirm Britain’s position on supporting a humanitarian pause—a position that was adopted by United Nations Security Council resolution 2712 last night?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for raising that issue.
He has great experience in this area.
He is right, and I think the view was expressed well last night that in calling for a ceasefire, what people have been asking is for Israel to deviate from its duty to protect its citizens and defend itself.
If Israel puts down its arms, it ceases to exist.
That is the situation now, and only the end of Hamas, or whatever might try to take their place, and a long-term solution that guarantees peace, will enable it to do that.
That is very important.
We have a proud track record of protecting international humanitarian law and protecting citizens.
We monitor closely what goes on not just with this situation but with others, including the attention to detail and care that Israel is taking in ensuring that it is the right side of that line.
My right hon.
Friend will know that on recent operations, the Israeli Defence Forces will have had humanitarian and medical professionals embedded in its forces to ensure that that happens.
I repeat what I said at the start of this question: whatever hon.
Members decide to do in this place, based on their conscience, they should be allowed to do it.
We can all take care of each other in this place when hon.
Members, inevitably and sadly, come under threat for doing so.
November marks Islamophobia Awareness Month, which is a time for everyone committed to equality and anti-racism to reiterate their position on Islamophobia, and their dedication to stamping out that hate.
It has now been five years since the all-party group on British Muslims published its definition of Islamophobia, which was backed by community groups, academics, political parties, trade unions, and many councils.
It is four years since the Government committed to developing an official definition, and one year since they decided that tackling hatred against Muslims is not important and abandoned that plan.
Given that Islamophobia is up by 600% since October, will the Leader of the House urge the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities to come to the House and give a statement on his work on tackling Islamophobia?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for raising that important point.
I will certainly write to the Secretary of State, and to other Secretaries of State who will have an interest, to ensure that they have heard what he said.
I recently visited Birmingham to show support to the Jewish community there in the wake of some of the attacks that they were having to endure.
I was struck by the fact that the local Muslim community had come over to the Hebrew centre to show support, to condemn Hamas, and to stand with the Jewish community in the wake of those attacks.