Later today, Councillor Garry Perry from my constituency will be attending the Local Government Information Unit and CCLA councillor awards.
Garry has been shortlisted for a lifetime legend award, in recognition of his dedication to building a safer, stronger, greener and more resilient community.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in wishing him all the best in the awards later today?
I do not know whether it was audible to those listening, but there were choruses of approval from around the House.
I speak on behalf of all of us when I say to Councillor Garry Perry: thank you for your decades of service to your community.
Our councillors are all unsung heroes.
They do a tremendous amount of work and good in their communities, and I wish Garry and all other nominees who have been short- listed for these awards good luck; they have our thanks.
Air pollution is an invisible killer.
Over 40,000 people in the UK die each year as a consequence of dirty air.
The clean air zone introduced in Bath by the Liberal Democrat-run council has reduced nitrogen dioxide by over a quarter, which is an impressive achievement, saving lives.
Can we have a debate in Government time about the importance of clean air and what the Government can do to support local councils?
The hon.
Lady raises a very important point.
She will know that this has been a focus for the Government; they have identified zones around the country that need improvement and ensured that local authorities can put measures in place to address these matters.
This is an area where we can benefit from sharing best practice across the country.
It is important that we do these things while still enabling economic growth to flourish, as we know we can.
I am sure that if she were to apply for a debate on the subject, it would be well attended.
Can we have a debate on the failure of the Metropolitan police to investigate an openly terrorist-supporting Socialist Workers party pamphlet, which has been reported on in several newspapers, entitled “Palestine: Resistance, Revolution and the Struggle for Hamas”?
It has been on sale during the protest marches every weekend in London, and it includes the line:
“we unconditionally support Hamas when it is engaged in military or non-military struggles against Israel.”
This poison has been on sale for weeks, including, I am told, right outside this House, in Parliament Square.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that the police should act under section 12 of the Terrorism Act 2000?
I thank my right hon.
and learned Friend for raising this important matter—it is extremely disturbing to hear that.
He will know that the police chiefs have our total backing in using the full extent of the law to crack down on any criminality, and what he describes sounds like it falls into that category.
The police have powers to arrest those who belong to or glorify terrorist groups such as Hamas under the Terrorism Act 2000 and anyone who incites racial hatred under the Public Order Act 1986, and we support them in  using those powers.
I am afraid that the Socialist Workers are rentagobs who show up to all kinds of protests, spouting all kinds of hate, and deserve a closer look.
As the Leader of the House may be aware, I am co-chair of the all-party parliamentary group for access to medical cannabis under prescription.
Currently, young Teagan Appleby, who is a constituent of  the hon.
Member for Dover (Mrs Elphicke) , is in hospital in London and very poorly.
The former Minister made every effort in his role to break down the barriers for medicinal cannabis under prescription to children with epilepsy.
Will the Leader of the House please urge the new Minister to call a roundtable of all the stakeholders, so that those children can get the medicine they deserve?
I thank the hon.