I will certainly write to the Secretary of State, and to other Secretaries of State who will have an interest, to ensure that they have heard what he said.
I recently visited Birmingham to show support to the Jewish community there in the wake of some of the attacks that they were having to endure.
I was struck by the fact that the local Muslim community had come over to the Hebrew centre to show support, to condemn Hamas, and to stand with the Jewish community in the wake of those attacks.
When I inquired why they had done that, they told me that as well as being the right thing to do, in the wake of 9/11, when the Muslim community had come under attack and been associated— wrongly—with those terrorist atrocities, the Jewish community came and stood between them and an angry mob, to protect them.
What is often lost in the recent scenes we have seen is the decades of quiet work between different faith communities who all believe in the same God.
May I ask for a debate in Government time on the scrutiny of financial services regulation?
Since we left the European Union, that has been undertaken by a Sub-Committee of the Treasury Committee.
We have appointed expert advisers, we regularly take evidence on new consultations from the regulators and we have published reports to keep the House informed about that scrutiny for well over a year now.
I was therefore a bit surprised yesterday to see that the Liaison Committee in the other place has published a recommendation that it set up a financial services regulation scrutiny committee.
Paragraphs 10 and 15 of its report suggest that that committee would substantially duplicate and potentially contradict ours, and of course it would cost Parliament a significant sum to set up.
If the Leader of the House is not able to spare Government time to debate this important topic, would she be kind enough to write to her counterpart in the other place to express the concerns of our cross-party membership that the proposed committee would duplicate the work that we are already doing and have thoroughly established in this House?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question.
Madam Deputy Speaker was smiling at me to remind me, I think, of my responsibilities.
I cannot ask  the other place to change its scrutiny arrangements: it is responsible for those.
However, my hon.
Friend makes a good point about economy of effort, and I will certainly be able to make sure that the Lords has heard what she has said today.
I hope that a way forward can be found that is in the interests of both Chambers.
Despite there being seven constituencies in the great county of Leicestershire, more than half of all the illegal migrants in hotels in the county are located in just one of them.
My constituents thank the Government immensely for that enrichment of our lives.
Following the Supreme Court ruling yesterday against the Government’s Rwanda policy, can we have a statement and a debate in Government time on how we can secure this country’s borders and dissuade illegal migrants from travelling to our country?
Hopefully, one day, we may get some hotels back for the enjoyment of the local population.
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for raising this important point.
I am sure he has met the Home Secretary about his first point.
If he has not to date, I would encourage him to do so.
I am sure that if we were to hold a debate on this matter, it would be very well attended.
I would like to use Government time to bring forward further legislation that enables us to get the Rwanda scheme working, and I hope that the hon.
Gentleman would support that.
He will know that the Minister for Immigration has announced the closure of the first wave of asylum hotels.