That is just not good enough.
Thanks to the resilience and hard work of those in the creative industries, they are growing faster than many others, but it is people who make the best joy and the best culture, not AI.
We are all better off when we draw on everyone’s talents.
That is how we grow the creative industries—with people from more diverse backgrounds in more jobs.
Tackling AI is a fundamental part of that.
To pick an example for the Minister, talent in the north represents just 15% of employment in the creative industries under the Tories, so what are the Government doing to protect and increase that in the age of AI?
With the Secretary of State, I was able to spend Monday in Manchester for the creative industries conference, where we met representatives from right across the sectors, including those from the AI sector.
AI is already benefiting the creative industries to a considerable amount and represents real opportunities for them.
What steps her Department is taking to support the horseracing sector.
Horseracing is an integral part of British sporting culture, and we recognise the significant contribution the sport makes to the economy.
We have commenced the review of the horserace betting levy, to commit to a sustainable future for racing, and the British Horseracing Authority’s 2024 fixture list for racing shows an estimated £90 million improvement to British racing’s finances until 2028.
My right hon.
Friend will be aware that many racegoers and people who work in a variety of jobs across the sector are concerned that increased affordability checks could have a detrimental impact on British horseracing.
What assurances can he provide that affordability checks will not be intrusive and that millions of hard-working Brits will still be free to safely enjoy the great British tradition of a day at the races?
I know that my hon.
Friend has a keen interest in this area.
We absolutely recognise the relationship between betting and racing, and have no intention of over-regulating.
In fact, it is the current system that is inconsistent, and we want to bring some uniformity to it.
We have had several meetings with racing stakeholders, the gambling industry and the Gambling Commission this week.
We have been very clear that we will not mandate checks until we are confident that they are frictionless and that the majority of those who enjoy gambling safely can continue to do so, while protecting those who may enter gambling harm.
A safe bet—Jim Shannon.
I thank the Minister for his response.
The terrible weather conditions in the last three or four weeks has had an impact on the horse- racing sector.
The races at Down Royal, on the edge of my constituency, were cancelled because the flooding was of biblical proportions.
Horseracing is very important to my constituents, and many people are involved in it.
That had an impact on their ability to attend.
Has the Minister had discussions with other Departments to ensure that any help that can be given to the horseracing sector for those races that were lost is given?
First, may I say what a pleasure it was to visit the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency a few weeks ago?
He is asking if I can do something about the weather; I wish I could.
I understand the impact it might have.
I would be happy to discuss any specific issues relating to the racecourse he mentioned, and to see whether I can talk to colleagues in other Departments about that.
What recent discussions she has had with Cabinet colleagues on Government support for the tourism industry in Devon and Cornwall.
I was pleased to visit south Devon in August and to meet members of the Great South West tourism partnership.
I am also pleased that Cornwall and the Isles of Scilly have recently been accredited as a local visitor economy partnership and that Devon is working with VisitEngland towards potential accreditation.