The hon.
Lady should be reassured that Mr Speaker has taken advice on the matter.
My understanding is that the Procedure Committee will be consulted on the best way forward.
She alluded to some of the options that may be required of the new Foreign Secretary, who I know will want to be accountable to this House.
There are very important matters in front of us.
Next year will be an unprecedented year for elections across the world, with significant consequences for this nation and an ever- increasing set of complex issues that I know all hon.
Members will want to question the Foreign Secretary on.
She has my assurance in that respect.
Further business will be announced in the usual way.
I call the Father of the House.
The House and my right hon.
Friend will know of my personal and political interest in residential leasehold reform.
When might the leasehold and freehold reform Bill come to the House, and will she join me in giving more publicity to the consultation, “Modern leasehold: restricting rents on existing leases”, which started a week ago and will last for another five weeks?
The ground rent issue affects up to 6 million households.
Most people do not know that the Government are considering five alternatives for restricting it.
Will she help to publicise that, and say when the Bill might be introduced so that the House can consider the issue?
My hon.
Friend, who is very experienced, has already provided a solution to one part of his question by getting that on the record and advertising it to all hon.
Members.
I will certainly ensure that the Secretary of State has heard of his particular interest.
He will not be surprised to hear me say that further business will be announced in the usual way, but I shall endeavour to ensure that he is kept informed by the Department of progress on the Bill.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
People in Scotland learned something this week: however much we dislike and distrust this Tory Government, it is nothing compared with how much they utterly loathe each other.
Those letters, emails and WhatsApp messages show that they spend their time attacking each other, leaving no time to help people struggling with the Tory mortgage and rent bombshell or with rocketing energy bills, and no time to reduce NHS waiting lists in England, now approaching 8 million, or to cap food inflation, which is still running at over 10%.
They are way too busy fighting like rats in a sack.
Even their squalid, unlawful Rwanda scheme has fallen apart.
However, I bring good news to the Leader of the House to cheer her up—news from a part of the UK where a Government are getting on with the job; where not a single day has been lost in the NHS to industrial disputes; where teachers are the best paid in the UK;  where the Scottish child payment is taking tens of thousands out of poverty; where the railways have been taken into public ownership; where there are free school meals for all pupils, P1 to P5; where there are more GPs per head than anywhere in the UK; where those aged 60 and over get free bus travel, along with our under-22-year-olds; and where we offer free university tuition, free prescriptions, free eye tests, and free personal care to our older folk.
That is in Scotland under the SNP-led Scottish Government, as the Leader of the House knows, but her Government have a cunning plan to make everything come good: a new Minister for common sense—a wokefinder general, to search out woke thinking and eliminate it.
The job is in the safe hands of someone who is allowed to attend Cabinet, but is prohibited from speaking in meetings—and anyone who knows the new Minister knows that a period of silence may be her first and overwhelming challenge.