I reinforce what  the right hon.
Member for Exeter (Mr Bradshaw)  said about the general welcome in the House for the movement towards equality and fairness.
We have had it on ordination; we now have it on same-sex relationships up to a point.
Through my hon.
Friend, I ask those who are disappointed with this movement forward to think of the pain that they have caused by resisting the change for so many people, whether by sex or orientation, over the past decades.
I am grateful, as always, to the Father of the House for his wise reflections on these matters.
He is right that this has been a difficult and painful period across the Church.
I very much regret that, as he does.
I hope we can move forward together in love, truth and unity on these matters.
Whether the Church of England has taken steps to raise awareness of recent attacks on churches and Christian communities in Manipur.
I am extremely grateful to the Prime Minister’s special envoy for freedom of religion or belief for again bringing the situation in Manipur to the House’s attention.
Archbishop Justin has spoken about it publicly, other bishops have contacted the Indian high commissioner, and I will shortly be visiting the high commissioner myself to talk about issues in Manipur with another hon.
Member, both of us being great friends of India.
There have been months of violence in Manipur, and that violence continues, with Christians of different ethnicities targeted—such as the mother crying after four family members were tortured, killed, mutilated and cut to pieces on  7 November .
Hundreds of churches and homes have been burnt, women have been sexually abused and organised mobs attack with  impunity, allegedly using looted Government weapons.
International news media from abroad find access hard.
Will the Church continue to do all that it can to draw the world’s attention to this situation so that those responsible can be brought to account, the violence does not spread further, and practical help can be provided in the form of security, rehabilitation, reconstruction, and compensation for those who have suffered so much?
Reflecting on those awful remarks, I would suggest that it is pretty shocking to realise what our news media do not tell us much of the time.
However, I can tell my hon.
Friend that the Church of England is in regular contact with the Church of North India to offer all the support we can, and that we are supporting Anglicans here in the UK who have connections with Manipur.
Those who suffer in Manipur are not alone, and we will continue to walk alongside them.
Whether the Church of England is taking steps to support parishes experiencing antisocial behaviour and drug-related crime in and around church buildings.
The Church of England is proud to have a presence in every part of the country, but sadly that means that our churches and clergy are sometimes targeted in unpleasant ways.
Working with the police and local authorities, the Church recognises that it has a duty of care to all its staff, and it will always do everything it can to protect and assist them.
It is right that parish churches offer a beacon of hope and light to those going through the dark tunnel of addiction, reaching out the hand of Christian fellowship, but that can result in both clergy and church buildings being targeted by darker forces who see that as a threat to their trade.
What further steps does my hon.
Friend believe dioceses could take to ensure the personal safety of all involved?
I am extremely sorry to learn that clergy and church buildings are being targeted in this way in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
I thank the leadership and all the members of Paignton parish church for the inspirational work that they are doing in supporting those who are sleeping rough, and in tackling drug and alcohol addiction.