I am extremely sorry to learn that clergy and church buildings are being targeted in this way in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
I thank the leadership and all the members of Paignton parish church for the inspirational work that they are doing in supporting those who are sleeping rough, and in tackling drug and alcohol addiction.
That is important and necessary work, and I commend my hon.
Friend for doing it.
I am sure that the diocese of Exeter and Devon and Cornwall police will be able to offer further help as they undertake that challenging work.
What steps the Church of England is taking to support asylum seekers and refugees.
The Church of England is supporting asylum seekers and refugees across the country, and our chaplaincies in Europe are providing health kits, safe places to sleep, clothes, and messages to families who have become separated.
My hon.
Friend will know that the diocese of Gloucester has recently acquired six modular homes from a local provider.
Following the Gloucester housing summit that I convened not long ago, our diocese, city council and housing association are discussing how to make this model of modular housing work effectively for people in need of temporary accommodation, including those recently granted asylum.
Will my hon.
Friend join me in congratulating the diocese on its good work so far, and encourage it to make progress and put this model into practice as soon as possible, recognising that it is a new approach that could perhaps be adopted elsewhere?
I am very happy to congratulate those in the diocese of Gloucester and thank them for the pioneering work that they are doing on housing, and I also thank my hon.
Friend for the important leadership role he plays locally in respect of that extremely important issue.
He is right to suggest that what Gloucester is doing has a wider application for others in need of emergency housing, not just asylum seekers and refugees, vitally important though that provision is.
I share his view that the need is urgent, and that we should get on with this and other similar excellent initiatives as quickly as possible.
What steps the Church of England is taking to support its parish ministry.
Parish ministry is at the very heart of the Church’s mission.
The Church Commissioners are distributing £1.2 billion between 2023 and 2025 to support our mission and ministry.
This is a 30% increase on the previous three-year period, and a significant share of that funding will be distributed through dioceses to strengthen our parishes.
What can the Church hierarchy do to remove administrative burdens from the clergy, so they can spend more time in their community spreading the best message ever told: the gospel of Jesus Christ?
I think we all recognise that, in any position of public responsibility, there comes a need for some administrative work, but I very much agree with my hon.
Friend that we should be freeing up our clergy and parish staff as much as possible to interact with their parishioners and to spread the good news of Jesus Christ.
As someone said, the gospel is good news only if it is not too late.
I also note the tremendous work being done in his community by St John the Evangelist in Balby and, indeed, by many other churches in his local area.
Last Saturday I was privileged to attend the enthronement of the new Bishop of Lincoln, at which there was a vast array of clergy in all their finery.
It was a very grand occasion.
Lincoln is a predominantly rural diocese and many of the clergy serve five, six or more parishes.
Can my hon.
Friend reassure me that the Church will focus on providing more clergy to rural areas?
I am delighted that my hon.
Friend was able to attend the consecration of the new Bishop of Lincoln.
Consecrations are, indeed, very splendid affairs.
My hon.