Friend update us on his conversations with the media industry to make sure that safeguards are in place while we also reap important jobs for the future?
Rapid development of AI poses major questions for many industries, including our vital press sector.
We are hosting roundtables with broadcasters and news publishers to discuss the risks and opportunities of AI to journalism, and we intend to continue the conversation with the sector over the coming months.
UK- inbound tourism has lost the equivalent of 15,000 jobs following the 83% fall in EU student groups visiting our country because of post-Brexit passport and visa  requirements.
I was heartened to read in the about the proposed deal that the Prime Minister wants to strike with France following his summit with President Macron.
Are any other deals like that in the pipeline?
That is an excellent deal.
Of course, we would like to replicate it if that is possible.
Swim Torquay provides a vital community facility in Plainmoor, yet it missed out on funding from the Government’s swimming pool support fund.
Will the Minister agree to a meeting to discuss how it can still be supported to meet the essential costs that it faces?
It is precisely because we recognise how important swimming pools are that we have this fund.
We have allocated £140,000 to the Riviera International Centre in my hon.
Friend’s constituency, and I know that the local council is seeking funding from phase 2.
I will happily arrange a meeting with colleagues and Sport England.
A YMCA report last year found that £1.1 billion had been cut from youth services since 2010-11—a real-terms cut of 74%.
While the Government’s national youth guarantee does provide a funding injection for youth services, it is nowhere near enough to reverse those cuts, and the funding is predominantly for capital investments.
Will the Secretary of State commit to providing youth services with the sustainable revenue funding that they desperately need?
I invite the hon.
Member to read a speech I gave on youth, which is a massive priority of mine.
We are funding significantly through DCMS and through the National Citizen Service as well as through a number of Departments.
There are Home Office funds, Justice funds, and funds through the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities.
For me, as a massive Bath rugby fan, it is difficult to represent a seat in Leicestershire, what with the Tigers being there.
With that said, the nice thing that brings all rugby fans together is the ability to watch the game.
There is concern, though, about the governance of premiership rugby and how it is run.
Could the Minister update us on where we are up to on that?
I know that he has taken a special interest in trying to get that organised.
I know that my hon.
Friend has taken a keen interest in this, and he is absolutely right that we need to see improved governance.
That is why we appointed two special advisers, who have been working with both the premier league and the Rugby Football Union to come up with solutions.
We are having meetings with them constantly and will ensure that they progress.
Citizens across the EU now benefit from increased transparency in how big tech companies target them with adverts and propaganda  thanks to the Digital Services Act.
Of course, we have missed out because of Brexit.
What will the Government do to provide increased transparency and tackle bad-faith actors using big tech to target our citizens?
The online advertising taskforce has come forward with a number of measures, and we are looking both to legislate in this area in due course and to introduce non-statutory measures.
We are committed to protecting vulnerable people from inappropriate advertising, and to tackling fraudulent advertising.