The Minister mentioned the new national plan for music education.
Will he update us on how many schools have implemented that plan, and will we get regular updates about any increase in the number of GCSE music entrants?
I am sorry that I was unable to hear the visiting group from the hon.
Lady’s constituency, but I am delighted that it came.
As I have said, we are investing £25 million in the provision of musical instruments through music hubs.
I can tell her that the proportion of pupils studying for a music qualification at key stage 4 over the past years has remained stable at about 7% to 8%.
I call the shadow Minister.
I have to say that the Bath young carers played wonderfully, and I really enjoyed listening to them.
Ofsted recently stated that there remains a
“divide between children and young people whose families can afford to pay for music tuition and those who come from lower socio-economic backgrounds.”
I share the concern just expressed about the impact this is having.
The money promised for musical instruments in June 2022, which the Minister has just mentioned, has still not been distributed to schools, and it now sounds as though that money is not going to arrive until autumn 2024.
Will that delay not just mean that more children are not able to learn to play an instrument?
What action can the Minister take to speed it up?
I can tell the hon.
Lady that the Government remain committed to investment through the music hub investment programme, and I am happy to give her a specific answer to the question she raises about the allocation of that money in writing.
The Government are working very closely with the DFE on this, and we also look forward to producing a cultural education plan in early 2024.
What steps she is taking to help support preparations for UEFA Euro 2028.
What steps she is taking to help support preparations for UEFA Euro 2028.
The Government are delighted that the UK and Ireland have secured the right to host Euro 2028.
This will be the biggest joint event our islands have ever hosted, building on our world- leading track record of delivering major sporting events and leaving a lasting legacy for communities right across the United Kingdom.
I am delighted to have to declare an interest, because my cousin, Ray Reidy, has just been appointed interim chief financial officer at Aston Villa.
As an Aston Villa fan myself, I know how difficult it is to get away from a game using Witton train station.
Will the Minister join me, Andy Street and the combined authority, in working to develop the capacity of Witton train station in advance of that stadium being used for the Euros in 2028?
The Minister might want to pass that question on to a Transport Minister!
We in DCMS are always happy to try to deliver what our colleagues want, and I am delighted that Villa Park is a great venue and has exciting plans.
Birmingham and the west midlands region has benefited from significant investment as part of the Commonwealth games, but my hon.
Friend is right to say that we will be working with partners right across Government, and in other organisations, to ensure that Euro 2028 is one of the most exciting events we have seen in this country.
I am not sure whether my right hon.
Friend has been to Villa Park, but some of us may differ on its condition.
We will leave it to Gareth Southgate to prepare the team to go one step further and win the championship when it comes around, but will my right hon.
Friend ensure that the security and travel arrangements, and most importantly the ticketing arrangements, maximise the capability of people to enjoy our beautiful game?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to raise that issue.