The recent protests by farmers across the whole of Wales, including outside the Senedd, show the huge anger there is about the proposals for the Welsh Labour Government’s so-called “sustainable farming scheme”.
One of the best ways we can support Welsh farmers is by choosing to buy British products.
That is good for the environment, as it reduces food miles, and for our food security, as we support our farmers.
Will the Secretary of State congratulate Morrisons, Aldi, Sainsbury’s and now Ocado, which have all signed up to my campaign to have a “buy British” button online so that consumers can easily find British produce?
I completely agree with my hon.
Friend about buying British, although I might go one step further and suggest we buy Welsh food, wherever possible.
That will be a lot more difficult if Labour implement its plans to bury 10% of Welsh agricultural land under trees and to bury another 10% under ponds.
That will increase food miles, decrease food security and destroy prime agricultural land in Wales.
The Welsh Labour Government need to think again.
The best way to support farmers in Wales, Northern Ireland, Scotland and England is to buy British.
Does the Minister agree that we should all work together, across all this great United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, to promote farming everywhere?
The hon.
Gentleman is absolutely right.
Let us encourage everyone to buy British and ensure we use as much of our land as possible for growing food, not covering it in trees.
It is particularly hypocritical for the Welsh Government to tell farmers they have to plant trees on their land when the Welsh Labour Government are responsible for thousands of acres of forest.
They are chopping down 850,000 tonnes of trees every year and even putting some of them into the boiler that heats up the Senedd—not that many trees are probably required to add to the hot air in there.
The Prime Minister was asked—
If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 13 March.
The Post Office IT scandal is one of the greatest miscarriages in our nation’s history.
I am determined that the victims get the justice and redress they deserve.
Today, we are introducing legislation to quash convictions resulting from this scandal.
The Department for Business and Trade will be responsible for the new redress scheme, and we are widening access to the optional £75,000 payment.
Hundreds of innocent sub-postmasters have fought long and hard for justice.
With this Bill, we will deliver it.
This morning I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
Despite serious opposition from the Archbishop of Canterbury, three former Home Secretaries and three Government advisers on antisemitism, social cohesion and political violence, the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities is due to widen the definition of extremism tomorrow.
While Members on the Government Benches peddle far-right conspiracy theories about Islamists and Muslims taking over Britain, should the Prime Minister’s priority not be to get his own house in order and to stamp out extremism, racism and Islamophobia in the Conservative party?
Will the Prime Minister finally take Islamophobia seriously and agree to the definition?
Discrimination has no place in our society.
It is important to distinguish between strongly felt political debate on one hand and unacceptable acts of abuse, intimidation and violence on the other.
I urge the hon.
Gentleman to wait for the details of the strategy.
It is a sensitive matter, but it is one we must tackle because there has been rise in extremists who are trying to hijack our democracy.
That must be confronted.
He talks about peddling conspiracy theories; I would just point him in the direction of the previous Labour candidate in Rochdale.