Could you please assure me, as the son of a D-day veteran, and the House of Commons that we are not going to forget the lessons of history and make the same mistake again?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his tireless campaigning for our armed forces.
He is right to champion them and the role they play.
I agree with him wholeheartedly that sadly the world we are living in is becoming both more challenging strategically and more dangerous, and in response to those challenges we must invest more in our armed forces.
That is exactly what we are doing, with the largest uplift since the cold war recently topped up with billions of pounds to strengthen our nuclear enterprise and rebuild stockpiles.
My right hon.
Friend rightly mentioned the threats posed by the Houthis and by Russia in Ukraine.
I know that he will be proud of the role that the United Kingdom is playing in both those situations.
We are respected and valued by our allies.
Most importantly, we on the Government side of the House will do whatever it takes to keep our country safe.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero to make a statement on the Government’s plan to build new gas-fired power stations.
The second consultation of the review of electricity market arrangements was launched yesterday.
It sets out the choices that we need to make to deliver a fully decarbonised electricity system by 2035.
Since 2010, the Government have reduced emissions from power by 65% and thus made the UK the first major economy in the world to halve emissions overall.
We have built record volumes of renewables, from less than 7% of electricity supply in 2010 to nearly 50% today, allowing us to remove coal altogether by October this year.
Our success in growing renewables is the reason we need flexible back-up for when the wind does not blow and the sun does not shine.
Our main source of flexible power today is unabated gas.
More than half of our 15 GW of combined-cycle gas turbines could be retired by 2035.
Meanwhile, electricity demand is set to increase as heat, transport and industry are electrified.
We must ensure that we have sufficient sources of flexibility in place to guarantee security of supply.
We need up to 55 GW of short-duration flexibility and between 30 and 50 GW of long-duration flexibility.
Our aim is for as much of that capacity as possible to be low carbon.
While low-carbon technologies scale up, we will extend the life of our existing gas assets, but a limited amount of new build gas capacity will also be required in the short term to replace expiring plants as it is the only mature technology capable of providing sustained flexible capacity.
We remain committed to delivering a fully decarbonised electricity supply by 2035, subject to security of supply, and we expect most new gas capacity to be built net zero-ready.
The Government have committed £20 billion to carbon capture, usage and storage, and are developing comprehensive support for hydrogen.
In the future, unabated gas plants will run for only a limited number of hours a year, so emissions will be entirely in line with our legally binding carbon budgets.
I am a bit tired of this Government shunning any scrutiny of their climate record and instead relying on a past record, because while the UK may indeed be the first major economy to cut its territorial emissions by half since 1990, we are not on track to achieve our 2030 targets, and if we factor in consumption emissions, the UK has cut emissions by only 23%.
So let’s have a little less complacency from the Minister.