What is the Secretary of State going to do about it?
The focus of this UK Government is on ensuring that people can work and do not have to live on benefits, but we recognise that there are those in need.
That is why pensions, benefits and the living wage have all risen in line with inflation, and why we have ensured that additional payments are made to pensioners, those living on benefits and households where there has been disability.
The fact is that people on low wages will not be helped by the plans of the hon.
Gentleman’s Government in Scotland—and, indeed, the Labour Opposition—to shut down the oil and gas industry, which would throw 100,000 people out of work.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that the Welsh Government’s sustainable farming scheme, if implemented, would have the most serious possible impact not only on Welsh farming businesses, but on the cost of living in the rural areas that depend on them?
Does he further agree that for those communities, the scheme is the very opposite of sustainable?
My right hon.
Friend is entirely correct.
The Welsh Labour Government’s sustainable farming scheme involves taking 20% of prime Welsh agricultural land out of commission in order to pursue a whole load of nebulous schemes.
It will increase food miles, and will reduce our ability to feed ourselves.
One of the best ways we can support people with the cost of living across Wales is by supporting businesses.
Does the Minister agree that the Welsh Labour Government, propped up by Plaid Cymru, should do more to support hard-working farmers on Anglesey, such as Richard Jones and his family dairy, Maelog Jerseys, in Llanfaelog?
I completely agree with my hon.
Friend.
The Welsh Government should abandon their so-called sustainable farming scheme, which will remove 20% of prime Welsh agricultural land and prevent farmers from growing food or grazing crops on it.
They need to do something about tuberculosis, which is running rampant in Wales, unlike in England, and they need to look at the nitrate vulnerable zones across the whole of Wales, which will also impact farmers, such as her constituents.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
The impact of the Conservatives’ cost of living crisis on people in north Wales has been exacerbated by their dither and delay on new nuclear at Wylfa.
The previous project, which Ministers abandoned in 2019, could have been 50% completed by now, and would have created up to 8,500 jobs.
Some 900 permanent jobs would also be well on the way, adding a total of almost £400 million a year to the local economy in wages.
What does the Secretary of State say to people across north Wales who are still looking for good jobs because of his Government’s failures?
The last Labour Government certainly did not build any nuclear power stations.
The UK Conservative Government are getting on with Hinkley, and we are sorting out small modular reactors.
There is a process going on, in which six companies with an SMR model will be reduced to two, and one will be selected by the end of the year.
We have provided £160 million to buy the Wylfa site.
That will ensure that there is a nuclear industry in Wales—a result of the policies of this Conservative Government.
It is a stark admission of the Government’s failure that the Secretary of State boasts, after 14 years in government and doing absolutely nothing for five years, of acquiring a site at Wylfa.
His Government’s inaction has cost people money, and still does.
In nine years, all but one of our current reactors will be offline, which will weaken our energy mix, risk higher prices, and again leave us vulnerable to energy tyrants such as Putin.