Friend agree that this is all about topping up the grid at peak times, when people want to use electricity, because gas is the fastest way to bring a power station on to the grid and is also the fastest to shut down?
My hon.
Friend will be aware of all the work we are doing to speed up transmission.
We are halving the timeline from 12 to 14 years to seven, and the connections action plan has already moved forward connection dates for projects amounting to 40 GW.
We are putting in a lot of work across the piece.
This gas capability is there as a back-up, but the usage and the emissions resulting from it will fall precipitately over the next 10 years, and we can all celebrate that.
After their years of delaying meaningful investment in clean, cheaper, reliable renewable energy technologies such as tidal and long-duration pumped hydro storage, it is no surprise that the Government are now having to scramble to create new dirty gas-powered plants.
How much does the Department estimate the new plants will cost, where is it suggesting they should be built, and what does the Minister mean by carbon-capture-ready?
Does he mean carbon-capture-operational?
Hear, hear.
Do tell!
As I have said, further legislation will come forward in the not-too-distant future, and the hon.
Lady will be able to scrutinise it—but it is extraordinary that she should say of a country whose renewable energy generation has risen from less than 7% to approaching 50% that we have gone slow on renewables.
We have decarbonised our power system faster than any other major economy on the planet.
The reality denial that we hear from the Scottish National party is quite extraordinary.
The hon.
Lady highlighted tidal energy.
Well, guess which country in the world uses the most tidal energy.
The right hon.
Member for Orkney and Shetland (Mr Carmichael) , who is one of the greatest champions of tidal, could tell the hon.
Lady, if she is really so ignorant.
He is a fellow Scottish MP, and he could tell her that the UK has more tidal deployment than any other nation.
We are proud  of that, we are proud of the transformation, and it is about time the SNP and the Labour party stopped misleading the people and the House.
The Minister said earlier that we faced a climate challenge, after struggling for words to describe what we are facing.
Why can the Government not join the global consensus and admit that what we are facing is a climate emergency?
As the Secretary-General of the United Nations has said, the year of climate warming is over and we are in an era of climate burning.
Unlike the hon.
Gentleman, I am not primarily concerned with words—I am primarily concerned with action—but in fact I did use the “emergency” word.
I do not know whether I broke some golden rule which says that Ministers should not use it, but I do treat this as an emergency.
I see the world warming up, I see the negative impacts of climate change, and that is why I spend every single day feeling proud to be part of the Department that is decarbonising its country faster than any other in the world.
The hon.
Gentleman should get away from rhetoric and start to focus on action.
I thank the Minister for all his answers.
While there is certainly an urge to prioritise our net zero promises, I am grateful to the Government for taking back-up precautions into consideration.
As the Minister has often recognised in responding to questions from me, Northern Ireland plays an important role in our contribution to meeting the net zero targets.
Will he therefore ensure that Northern Ireland is prioritised as a leading location for any new gas-powered stations that are to be built?
The hon.