One hundred and fifty eight days, and there is no  peace and no justice.
There is no food, no clean water, no sanitation and no medical aid.
There are just no words left, as disease is spreading and the death toll is rising, not least among children—the victims of these atrocities.
It is evident that the Prime Minister’s plan is not working, so will he change track for the sake of these children and so many more, and work to secure  a bilateral, immediate ceasefire between Israel and Hamas?
I have said repeatedly that we are incredibly concerned about the growing humanitarian crisis in Gaza.
Too many civilians have lost their lives, and nowhere near enough aid is getting through.
In contrast to what the hon.
Lady said, actually the UK is playing a leading role in alleviating that suffering.
Just recently, we increased the amount of aid this year to £100 million.
Just today, 150 tonnes of UK aid is due to arrive in Gaza, and a full field hospital, flown from Manchester to the middle east last week, will arrive in Gaza in the coming days, staffed by UK and local medics to provide lifesaving care.
We are doing absolutely everything we can, working with our allies, to bring much-needed aid to the people of Gaza.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in thanking the maternity team at the Royal Cornwall Hospital at Treliske in my Truro and Falmouth constituency for all the outstanding work they have done to improve maternity services over the last few years?
Their sheer hard work, along with the coming new women and children’s hospital, means that there are no midwifery vacancies in Cornwall, which I think he will agree is a fantastic achievement.
I thank my hon.
Friend for highlighting the improvement in maternity services at the Royal Cornwall.
She is a tireless campaigner on reducing baby loss, and I commend her for her recent work on the introduction of baby loss certificates.
As she knows, we are committed to a new women and children’s hospital for her local trust in 2030, as part of the new hospital programme.
My constituents in Somerton and Frome, working together with the Langport Transport Group, submitted a robust  strategic business case to the Government in July 2022 for the reopening of a train station in the Somerton and Langport area.
Such a train station would connect over 50,000 people to the rail network, boost the local economy and support local people to reduce their reliance on cars.
Almost two years on, they are still waiting for a response.
Does the Prime Minister support this project, and can he provide confidence to my constituents that their hard work to drive this vital project forward has not been futile?
Conservatives in the south-west are rightly championing the reopening of local stations.
Cullompton and Wellington will be among the places that receive funding as a result of our decision on HS2.
It is because of that decision that we have now freed up billions of pounds of funding to invest in local transport across the country, and local leaders will be put in charge of that money to prioritise their local needs.
rose—
Final question—Mark Francois.
Prime Minister, in the 1930s, one of your less illustrious predecessors, Neville Chamberlain, so denuded the British armed forces of funding, until it was too late, that we failed to deter Adolf Hitler, and 50 million people tragically died in the second world war.
Russia has invaded Ukraine, China is threatening Taiwan, and British shipping is being attacked by Houthis in the Red sea.
Could you please assure me, as the son of a D-day veteran, and the House of Commons that we are not going to forget the lessons of history and make the same mistake again?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his tireless campaigning for our armed forces.