Off-piste speeches have cost in the past.
My Committee heard this morning that an Energy Minister made a speech a decade ago that, with the effect it had on investment, cost 1,000 jobs.
The Minister says that this is a consultation, but have the  Government picked a winner?
What room have they given for storage to be in the mix?
Are they confusing energy security—we have learned from the Ukraine war important how that is—with continual electricity supply?
Given what the Minister says about the percentage of gas used by 2030 and after, what percentage of capacity will this provide, and what percentage does he envisage will be used day to day?
What thought has been given to consideration of other technologies in his gigawatt demand?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for his question.
I suggested, on different scenarios, about 1% or 2% of total generation coming from gas in future, compared with 38% in 2022, on an annualised basis.
Clearly, as the hon.
Gentleman should know better than anybody here with his deep knowledge of the subject, it is based on intermittency.
It depends on how much the sun shines and how much the wind blows, but we will ensure we have a robust system.
That is exactly what we are doing.
I would love it if people could celebrate this country’s global leadership and the fact that we are driving this forward, especially those such as members of the Green party, who are supposed to care about climate change.
We are doing this in a way that maintains security of supply and, by bringing in more and more renewables, with the lowest-cost and most flexible system to back it up, doing so in a more and more economical fashion.
I welcome the announcement today.
It is pure common sense.
When the wind is not blowing and the sun is not shining, we need security of supply.
Although we need to deal with climate change in the medium to long term, we must also deal with security of supply in the short term, so I welcome the announcement.
Does the Minister agree that for medium and longer-term security of supply, we must upscale what we are doing in the hydrogen sector, with more hydrogen production and usage, and be a world leader in hydrogen?
For the moment, we are slipping behind a bit.
I agree with my hon.
Friend about the importance of hydrogen.
Where I disagree with him is that, having seen the projects in hydrogen allocation round 1—eight projects, I think—I do not think there is any indication that we are slipping behind.
The truth is that the whole world needs to do this, because everyone’s analysis, from the International Energy Agency to the Climate Change Committee to my own Department, suggests that hydrogen and carbon capture are necessary to bring about the decarbonised system we seek.
He is absolutely right on the importance of hydrogen.
He can expect more developments, because this country is leading on that, as it is on CCUS.
I have a great deal of respect for the Minister and his knowledge of the subject, and the fact that he, like most of us in this Chamber, recognises the need to cut carbon.
I am sure he is not one of those who, like the right hon.
Member for North East Somerset, would follow the flat earthers.
But clearly, a great deal of trust and reliance is being put on carbon capture and storage, and on hydrogen.
Both are still quite new technologies.
We have talked about this stuff for 25 years.
The Minister seemingly forgets that this Government have been in power for the  past 14 years and we are still not off the blocks on hydrogen and carbon capture and storage.