Member for Angus (Dave Doogan)  opposes it.
He says that he and the Scottish National party want to be a friend of the renewables industry and Scottish jobs, but then he opposes the infrastructure that is required for it.
What about my question?
I meet representatives of the oil and gas industry a lot, because the truth is that even given our world leadership—and we have cut emissions by more than any other major economy on the planet—75% of our primary energy today is still from oil and gas.
We will still be dependent on oil and gas in 2050, when we are at net zero.
That is why it is so crazy that the Opposition parties, including that of the hon.
Lady, believe in opposing licences when we are actually dependent on the product.
All that ending licences would do is lead to the loss of British jobs and the import of higher-emission products from abroad.
I really do hope that Opposition Members will think a bit more deeply and we can hear some common sense.
I hear it in the Corridors from Back Benchers, but from the Front Benchers and the hon.
Lady I hear nothing but nonsense.
I welcome this policy decision, which is a recognition of reality.
Can the Minister confirm that the new plants will be able to convert to low-carbon alternatives in the future?
I thank my hon.
Friend.
We will be legislating precisely to create exactly that obligation for carbon capture and/or hydrogen readiness.
I hope that this decision is indicative of a realisation that seems to be slowly dawning on the Government about the impact of the madness of their net zero policy, which has damaged the UK economy.
We have higher electricity prices than most of the other G7 countries, we have lost vast numbers of jobs in energy-intensive industries, and now it has been recognised that because of the intermittency of wind and solar there is a risk of blackouts.
I welcome this common-sense decision, but given that we are going to use gas to power these stations, why does the Minister not take the next logical step and legislate to allow us to tap into our vast UK gas resources?
As the United States has shown, that would bring down prices, give us energy security, and make our economy more competitive.
The right hon.
Gentleman could not be more wrong: we have record levels of employment, and we overtook France recently to become the eighth largest manufacturer in the world.
I would not expect him to join the dismal party opposite in talking this country down.
In truth, we are leading the world in tackling climate change, and we have created more jobs than at any time in British history.
Going forward into the 2030s, by harnessing more and more British low-carbon, renewable energy we will lower bills for families and increase our competitiveness.
As I have said, in a world that is increasingly recognising the need for action and seeking to introduce measures such as the carbon border adjustment mechanism—effectively, carbon taxes at the border—the UK is in pole position to grow from its already strong economic position into an even stronger one as a result of the net zero policies of this Government.
Across London and the south-east, many much-needed developments that are required for the increasing population have literally been frozen because of a lack of supply from the grid.
Nuclear power can provide the baseload; renewables are unreliable, and obviously gas is required at peak times in particular.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that this is all about topping up the grid at peak times, when people want to use electricity, because gas is the fastest way to bring a power station on to the grid and is also the fastest to shut down?
My hon.
Friend will be aware of all the work we are doing to speed up transmission.