That is an uncontroversial position and analysis, and hardly something worth making a huge fuss about.
But again, that was not what the Secretary of State talked about at yesterday’s Chatham House conference.
Given that analysis, could the Minister enlighten us with the number of new gas plants that the Government are hoping to build, given there is no mention of that in the 1,500 pages of documents that were published yesterday?
That is an important point, because it appears to show the Government’s intention to go beyond what is already in the analysis and build a large number of new gas-fired power stations for the future.
There is a great deal in the review of electricity market arrangements published yesterday that is worth discussing, not least the Government’s glaring failure to bring forward low-carbon flexible technologies such as long-duration storage, which everyone knows we will need.
It is a shame that the Minister has not properly  addressed that.
Will he give us clarity on whether this is a meaningless announcement within existing policy arrangements?
Or, as has been said, is it an attempt to conjure a culture war out of climate and energy policy, with announcements with no substance or value that show that the Government have no serious plan for energy in our country?
The hon.
Gentleman asked whether new power plants will be hydrogen or carbon capture, utilisation and storage ready; we will legislate to make that a requirement.
He asked how much there will be; around 5 GW, but that is dependent on so many interrelated things, such as the growth of low-carbon and flexible storage, which, as he referred to we are a world leader in developing and supporting both in innovation and through the capacity market.
He suggested that none of that was clear yesterday, but it was made crystal clear.
We are a world leader, having announced £20 billion for CCUS.
The hon.
Gentleman will remember, because he has been around a long time, that in 2003 the then Labour Government said that carbon capture, utilisation and storage was urgent and that there was no route to 2050 without it, but then they proceeded to do nothing about it.
This Government are getting on with it.
We are putting our money where our mouth is and developing technologies such as carbon capture and hydrogen, in a way that the Labour Government failed to do—as they did with renewables, to boot.
All they do is talk about climate, but the truth is that the greatest climate risk to this country is if  the right hon.
Member for Doncaster North (Edward Miliband)  destroys the market and starts some state-run quango, which will wreck the renewables growth that we have seen.
I welcome the announcement.
The independent Committee On Climate Change recognises that we will need unabated gas in the electricity market right up until 2035 and beyond, and more widely that even in 2050, 25% of our energy needs will come from hydrocarbons.
Does my right hon.
Friend agree that this is exactly the right way to maintain lower energy production costs, while still meeting our net zero targets?
I do agree with my hon.
Friend.
The point is to have a wide range of back-up capacity, but not to use it very much with fossil fuels, and, as I think has long been the case, to ensure that any new gas generation should be carbon capture-ready.
We look forward to it being hydrogen-ready, too.
We are in a very similar position to Germany and other countries that are looking at exactly that.
For instance, I think both Germany and Ireland, as part of their growth in renewables, recognise the need for gas, albeit used less and less, to ensure that the lights stay on and there is appropriate insurance in place.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
What a cluster—it is unbelievable that we are in this situation.