For instance, I think both Germany and Ireland, as part of their growth in renewables, recognise the need for gas, albeit used less and less, to ensure that the lights stay on and there is appropriate insurance in place.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
What a cluster—it is unbelievable that we are in this situation.
In the Secretary of State’s letter to Members today, she said that the Government are taking steps to make sure the lights stay on.
That is the legacy of 14 years of the Conservatives in charge of energy.
Uncomfortably, I find myself in agreement with  the right hon.
Member for North East Somerset (Sir Jacob Rees-Mogg) .
This is a significant  departure, and one we should be alarmed about.
Where is the Government’s precious nuclear baseload now?
Where is the exemplar of CCUS working at the necessary scale, from which the Government are taking inspiration?
Would it not have been an elegant solution to have unabated gas winding down at the same time as battery storage and long-duration pump storage was winding up?
We cannot have that, because the Government have dragged their feet on both things.
What does the Minister say to people who are having infrastructure for transmission put throughout their communities and are being told to suck it up because that is what we need to get gas out the system, when the same Government are now building gas-fired power stations?
The hon.
Gentleman, who is supposed to lead on this subject for his party, should have listened to what I said earlier.
In 2022, 38% of generation came from gas.
By the mid-2030s, it will be 1% or 2%.
Why are we having it?
To balance the renewables we are growing, particularly in Scotland, and support Scottish jobs.
Of course if we put generation in Scotland when the demand is in the south, we have to provide connecting infrastructure.
Previous generations had to wire up the UK to become the rich and prosperous country we are today.
We need to do it again now.
We are working with local communities, listening to their voices and making sure they are not misled by people who come up with such nonsense as the hon.
Gentleman just did.
I commend my right hon.
Friend for his refreshingly clear articulation of our strong record in this area, both in the House today and in the media yesterday.
Obviously, security of supply must come first.
How will the plans incentivise investment in back-up gas-fired power stations, while minimising costs to consumers, which is also very important?
I thank my hon.
Friend.
He and my right hon.
Friend  the Member for North East Somerset (Sir Jacob Rees-Mogg)  are absolutely right to focus on the economics.
We have to get the economics right.
We have used an auction-type mechanism in the capacity market to ensure flexible capacity.
We are incentivising more and more of that to be low carbon, with batteries coming in at scale, as well as pumps and potentially hydrostorage.
We also need hydrogen and carbon capture.
We are ensuring a balanced system with discipline built into it to drive costs down.
When CBAMs and so on come on stream, I firmly expect that in the 2030s we will have lower-cost energy than our neighbours and we will, as my right hon.
Friend the Member for North East Somerset referred to, be more economically competitive.
I call the Chair of the Energy Security and Net Zero Committee.
Thank you, Mr Speaker—tapadh leibh.
It is concerning that this was announced in Chatham House and not here in the House, and that the Secretary of State is not here today.
Off-piste speeches have cost in the past.
My Committee heard this morning that an Energy Minister made a speech a decade ago that, with the effect it had on investment, cost 1,000 jobs.
The Minister says that this is a consultation, but have the  Government picked a winner?