It is a sensitive matter, but it is one we must tackle because there has been rise in extremists who are trying to hijack our democracy.
That must be confronted.
He talks about peddling conspiracy theories; I would just point him in the direction of the previous Labour candidate in Rochdale.
Armed forces personnel who serve their country for 15 years are eligible for the medal for long service and good conduct.
Similar medals are in place for those who make a career serving in the police, the fire service, the ambulance service and the coastguard.
As I learned on a recent visit to Royal Bournemouth Hospital, where I met the dedicated staff, no such accolade is in place for the NHS.
Will the Prime Minister support my campaign to see whether that anomaly can be corrected, so the nation can formally recognise those who devote much of their working lives in the NHS to helping others?
My right hon.
Friend is right that our incredible NHS staff deserve our utmost thanks for their service.
I am pleased that many NHS organisations, as he knows, have their own schemes in place to do that.
We also recognise outstanding NHS staff through our honours system, and MPs are able to acknowledge their work through the NHS parliamentary awards.
Nominations remain open and I encourage colleagues to avail themselves of that scheme.
I will make sure that my right hon.
Friend gets to meet the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care, to discuss his specific proposals further.
I call the Leader of the Opposition.
May I welcome the legislation on the Post Office scandal?
Mr Speaker, this week we lost the formidable Tommy McAvoy, who served his hometown of Rutherglen and the Labour Government with loyalty and good humour.
We send our deepest sympathies to his wife, Eleanor, and their family.
We also learnt that  the right hon.
Member for Maidenhead (Mrs May)  will be taking her well-deserved retirement.
She has served this House and her constituents with a real sense of duty, and her unwavering commitment to ending modern slavery is commended by all of us.
We thank her for her service.
Is the Prime Minister proud to be bankrolled by someone using racist and misogynous language when he said that  the right hon.
Member for Hackney North and Stoke Newington (Ms Abbott)
“makes you want to hate all black women”?
The alleged comments were wrong, they were racist, and he has now—[Interruption.]
As I said, the comments were wrong and they were racist.
He has rightly apologised for them and that remorse should be accepted.
There is no place for racism in Britain, and the Government that I lead is living proof of that.
Mr Speaker, the man bankrolling the Prime Minister also said that the right hon.
Member for Hackney North and Stoke Newington should be shot.
How low would he have to sink, what racist, woman-hating threat of violence would he have to make, before the Prime Minister plucked up the courage to hand back the £10 million that he has taken from him?
As I said, the gentleman apologised genuinely for his comments, and that remorse should be accepted.
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman talks  about language.
He might want to reflect on the double standards of his deputy Leader calling her opponent “scum”, the shadow Foreign Secretary comparing Conservatives to Nazis, and the man whom he wanted to make Chancellor talking about “lynching” a female Minister.
His silence on that speaks volumes.
The difference is that the Prime Minister is scared of his party; I have changed my party—[Interruption.]
Order.
I want to hear both the Prime Minister and the Leader of the Opposition.
Two weeks ago, the Prime Minister invited himself into everyone’s living room at 6 o’clock on a Friday evening.
No one asked him to give that speech; he chose to do it.