I agree with my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister that we must urgently address that, but reports that the Government wish to broaden the definition of extremism are concerning, because in separating the definition of extremism from actual violence and harm, we may criminalise people with a wide range of legitimate views and have a chilling effect on free speech.
Will my right hon.
Friend reassure me that, instead of trying to police people’s thoughts and speech—as Opposition Members clearly wish to do—the Government will target specific groups that foster terrorism and those who fund them?
My hon.
Friend makes a good point.
That is why the strategy, which I urge her to wait for, will be one that she can support.
It is our duty to ensure that the Government have the tools to tackle the threat that she rightly identifies and highlights.
This is absolutely not about silencing those with private and peaceful beliefs, and nor will it impact free speech, which we on this side of the House will always strive to protect.
Children deserve the right to breathe clean air, but many schools are in areas with high levels of air pollution.
Sadiq Khan, the Mayor of London, has announced a pilot   for 200 of London’s most impacted schools to access air quality filters so that children can breathe clean air in their classrooms.
Does the Prime Minister support that pilot, and will he implement similar measures across our country?
I am pleased that the latest published figures show that air pollution has reduced significantly since 2010, partly due to our legally binding targets to reduce concentrations.
They will continue to reduce over the following years.
On top of that, we have also provided almost £1 billion to help local authorities across the country to implement local plans to reduce nitrogen dioxide and to ensure that we can help those impacted by those plans.
I understand that the latest scheme being considered is to pay migrants thousands of pounds to leave Britain.
Let us just leave the European convention on human rights and deport them for free.
So far, more than 40,000 Brits have signed my petition with the Conservative Post calling for us to leave the ECHR.
Will the Prime Minister commit to leaving the ECHR or, at the very least, have it in our manifesto to have a referendum and let Britain decide?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that we must do everything we can to secure our borders and ensure that those who come here illegally do not have the ability to stay.
That is why our Rwanda scheme and legislation are so important.
As I have said repeatedly and will happily say to her again, I will not let a foreign court block our ability to send people to Rwanda when the time comes.
The National Theatre’s production “Nye”, which stars Michael Sheen, celebrates at its end the transformational increase in life expectancy since the founding of the NHS.
However, University College London findings indicate that austerity policies between 2010 and 2019 are responsible for a three-year setback in life expectancy progress.
Does the Prime Minister, or the Leader of the Opposition for that matter, think that public services can withstand an extra £20 billion of cuts?
First, I am pleased that the National Theatre received significant funding from the Chancellor in the recent Budget to support its fantastic work across the UK.
However, I am surprised to hear the right hon.
Lady raise the NHS, when her party is propping up the Welsh Labour Government, who have absolutely the worst NHS performance of any part of the United Kingdom.
May I thank my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister for meeting me six weeks ago to discuss the plight of victims of covid-19 vaccine damage?