I can also proudly tell him that we are talking to the Rugby Football Union and the premiership league to secure the future not just of rugby union, but of his local Gloucester rugby.
I call the leader of the SNP.
I begin by wishing Ramadan Mubarak to Muslims across these isles.
The Conservative party has accepted a £10 million donation from an individual who has said that one of our parliamentary colleagues in this Chamber “should be shot.”
Why is the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom putting money before morals?
As I have said, the comments were wrong, the gentleman in question has apologised for them and that remorse should be accepted.
This is complete rubbish.
The gentleman in question apologised for “being rude”.
He was not rude; he was racist, odious and downright bloody dangerous.
On Monday, No.
10 said that we have
“seen an unacceptable rise in extremist activity, which is seeking to divide our society and hijack our democratic institutions.”
Is not the extremism that we should all be worried about the views of those Tory donors we have read about this week?
No, there has actually been a rise in extremist activity that is seeking to hijack our democratic institutions.
It is important that we have the tools to tackle this threat.
That is what the extremism strategy will do.
I urge the hon.
Gentleman to wait for the Communities Secretary to release the details.
Sub-post-masters across the country will welcome the Government’s announcement today on the introduction of legislation to overturn wrongful convictions.
Will my right hon.
Friend reassure the House that the legislation will be passed as quickly as possible and that we will support all sub- postmasters right across our United Kingdom?
I pay tribute to all postmasters who have campaigned tirelessly for justice, including those who tragically will not see the justice that they deserve.
Today’s legislation marks an important step in finally clearing their names.
Across the House, we owe it to them to progress the legislation as soon as possible, before the summer recess, so that we can deliver the justice that they have fought for.
We continue to work with our counterparts in Scotland and Northern Ireland as they develop their plans, but regardless of where and how convictions are quashed, redress will be paid to the victims across the whole of our United Kingdom on exactly the same basis.
The future of children’s cancer services in my constituency, and across south-west London, Surrey, Sussex and beyond, will be decided by NHS England tomorrow.
The existing service is world leading and has saved the lives of countless children.
Many of us who have engaged with the consultation process feel that the wrong decision is about to be made, ignoring risks to children’s cancer care by moving them to the Evelina London Children’s Hospital.
If the Evelina is chosen tomorrow, will the Prime Minister intervene personally to delay any final decision until he has met me and concerned MPs from across the House so that he can prevent the risks to our children’s cancer services?
As the right hon.
Gentleman knows, decisions about clinical provision are rightly made by clinicians in local areas across the country.
More generally, we are investing in more oncologists, radiologists and community diagnostic centres, which is contributing to cancer treatment being at record levels, but I will of course ensure that he and colleagues get a meeting with the Secretary of State.
Radical Islamists pose a serious threat to our nation’s security.
I agree with my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister that we must urgently address that, but reports that the Government wish to broaden the definition of extremism are concerning, because in separating the definition of extremism from actual violence and harm, we may criminalise people with a wide range of legitimate views and have a chilling effect on free speech.
Will my right hon.