The fixed offer has also had a helpful effect on other claims, because it substantially reduces work on small claims by claimants’ lawyers, making more resource available to progress larger claims more quickly.
I am pleased to announce today that the £75,000 fixed-sum award offer will now be extended to the Horizon shortfall scheme, to ensure that everyone is treated fairly across all the schemes.
Those who have already settled their claim below £75,000 will be offered a top-up to bring their total redress to that amount; over 2,000 postmasters will benefit quickly from this announcement.
We are mindful that claims are not being submitted to the GLO scheme as swiftly as we would like.
We have already announced the optional fixed-sum award of  £75,000, but to ensure that we get help to claimants more quickly, I can announce today that anyone who chooses not to take that offer, and instead submits a full claim for individual assessment, will have their interim payment topped up to £50,000 straight away.
Many postmasters’ lives have been ruined by the Horizon scandal, and we are working hard to deliver redress.
We have set up the Williams inquiry, which will discover the truth.
We will provide fair financial redress as promptly as we can, and we will exonerate those who were so unjustly convicted of crimes that they did not commit.
I commend this statement to the House.
I call the shadow Minister.
I thank the Minister for advance sight of his statement.
Before I respond to it, I would like to put on the record my deep disappointment at the Minister’s comments this morning on “BBC Breakfast”.
He failed to categorically condemn the Tory party donor Frank Hester’s horrific and racist remarks about  the right hon.
Member for Hackney North and Stoke Newington (Ms Abbott) .
Despite No.
10 finally, after much delay, describing the remarks as “racist and wrong”, the Minister appeared to contradict that position this morning.
On a point of order, Mr Speaker.
This is a statement on Post Office legislation.
May I respectfully say that what the hon.
Lady is saying is irrelevant to this statement?
The shadow Minister will be moving on.
I will move on.
I simply hope that the Minister will reflect on the reversal of the statement he gave this morning, in which he took the position that he would take a donation from that donor.
I hope he reflects on the impact that the issue is having on many of us.
I turn to today’s crucial statement.
The Horizon scandal is truly shocking, and is one of the most devastating miscarriages of justice in British history.
The scandal has brought devastation to the lives of hundreds of falsely convicted sub-postmasters.
Over 20 years on, they and their families still suffer from the consequences and the trauma of all that they have been put through.
I pay tribute to them for their determination in pursuing justice, and to Alan Bates and the sub-postmasters who pioneered the campaign and worked tirelessly to seek justice.
Without their bravery and perseverance, the campaign would not be where it is today.
I also pay tribute to my right hon.
Friend  the Member for North Durham (Mr Jones)  for all his work, to Lord Arbuthnot for his campaigning on this issue for many years, to others in this House and the other House, and to members of the Business and Trade Committee and its Chair, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Birmingham, Hodge Hill (Liam Byrne) .