I know that it is not the right hon.
and learned Gentleman’s strong point, but if he actually listened to the Chancellor last week, he would have heard that NHS spending is going up.
It is a plan that is backed by the NHS chief executive officer, who says that we are giving her what she needs.
At the same time, we are responsibly cutting taxes for millions of people in work, with the average worker benefiting from a £900 tax cut.
What I am hearing from the right hon.
and learned Gentleman is that he is against our plans to cut national insurance.
We have the highest tax burden since the second world war.
I did listen to the Chancellor: £46 billion of unfunded commitments.
The Conservatives tried that under the last Administration, and everybody else is paying the price.
Two weeks ago, the Prime Minister promised to crack down on those spreading hate.
Today, he has shrunk at the first challenge.
Last week, he promised fantasy tax cuts.
Now he is pretending that it can all be paid for with no impact on pensions or the NHS.
All we need now is an especially hardy lettuce and it could be 2022 all over again.
Is it any wonder that he is too scared to call an election, when the public can see that the only way to protect their country, their pension and their NHS from the madness of this Tory party is by voting Labour?
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman talks about pensions.
Pensions are going up by around £900 this year.
It is this Government who have protected the triple lock for the last 10 years.
He talks about supporting working people.
It is this Government who are cutting taxes for every single person in work.
It is this Government who are investing in the NHS.
All we have from him is a £28 billion unfunded promise.
I had a look at “Make Britain a Clean Energy Superpower”.
It is all there.
He is still stuck to it, Mr Speaker, and if you look through it carefully, there is billions in spending that he has already committed to for Scotland, and billions for Wales.
There is actually money for north London too, I notice.
The problem is that none of it is funded, so why does he not come clean and tell us that under his plans the British people’s taxes are going up?
Millions of people around the UK and Europe have been inspired by the brilliance of Six Nations rugby.
Premier league clubs like Gloucester Rugby, which were funded during the pandemic through loans authorised by the Prime Minister, the then Chancellor, have always been grateful for being kept solvent, but he will know that some clubs’ finances are fragile, and that the current loan repayment schemes could be crippling.
Will he ask the Sports Minister, my right hon.
Friend the Member for Pudsey (Stuart Andrew), and the Treasury to try to find a solution, so that taxpayers’ interests are protected, and all of us can go on being inspired by top-class rugby for years to come?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right that we stepped in with a £150 million financial lifeline to ensure the survival of premiership rugby league clubs during the pandemic.
I am told that the Department for Culture, Media and Sport is working with Sport England, as the agent, to talk to borrowers with concerns about their loan agreements—any that have concerns should contact Sport England in the normal way.
I can also proudly tell him that we are talking to the Rugby Football Union and the premiership league to secure the future not just of rugby union, but of his local Gloucester rugby.
I call the leader of the SNP.
I begin by wishing Ramadan Mubarak to Muslims across these isles.