As the Minister has often recognised in responding to questions from me, Northern Ireland plays an important role in our contribution to meeting the net zero targets.
Will he therefore ensure that Northern Ireland is prioritised as a leading location for any new gas-powered stations that are to be built?
The hon.
Gentleman sometimes gives the impression that he would like me to be running the energy system in Northern Ireland, but it is devolved—and we have Ministers there again, which is a cause for celebration.
I will work closely with Ministers in Northern Ireland, as I do with Ministers in other devolved Administrations, because if we are to meet our net zero targets, Northern Ireland must deliver its own targets.
Scotland has to deliver its targets, as does Wales.
We must work together, in a spirit of collaboration.
We can do that, and if the hon.
Gentleman can persuade his right hon.
Friend  the Member for East Antrim (Sammy Wilson) , who is sitting beside him, that it can be done in a way that strengthens our economy as well, we really will have something to celebrate.
With permission, Mr Speaker, I shall make a statement about Post Office legislation and the Horizon redress schemes.
I am very pleased to be able to announce that today we are introducing a new Bill that will quash the convictions of postmasters in England and Wales affected by the Horizon scandal.
As set out in my written statement last month, this legislation will quash all convictions that meet a clear set of conditions.
Those in scope will have their convictions quashed on the day that the new legislation is brought into force.
Subject to parliamentary passage, our aim is for Royal Assent to be received as soon as possible before the summer recess.
We accept, and have always been clear, that the legislation may overturn the convictions of some people who are guilty of genuine wrongdoing, but we believe this is a price worth paying to ensure that many innocent people are exonerated.
However, the Government will seek to mitigate the risk of people receiving financial redress when they have not been wronged.
The Government also accept that this legislation is unprecedented.
It is an exceptional response to a factually exceptional situation.
I want to be clear that this does not set a precedent, and neither is it a criticism of the judiciary or the courts, which have dealt swiftly with matters brought before them.
The fact remains, however, that three years after the first convictions were overturned, only around 100 have been quashed.
Without Government intervention, many of these convictions could not be overturned, either because all the evidence has long been lost or because, quite simply, postmasters have lost faith in the state and the criminal justice system, and will not come forward to seek justice.
The legislation will apply to England and Wales only.
However, we are fully committed to working with the Scottish Government and the Northern Ireland Executive through regular, weekly official-level engagement to progress their own approaches.
I have met my counterparts in the Scottish Government and the Northern Ireland Executive to offer support and address their concerns, and I will have further meetings.
The financial redress scheme will be open to applicants throughout the UK, once convictions have been overturned.
I thank the Business and Trade Committee,  which recently published a report that includes some recommendations for the Government regarding Horizon redress.
We will respond to them in the usual way, but today I would like to address two of the Committee’s recommendations.
The first is that responsibility for redress should not lie with the Post Office, as it should be subject to independent oversight—something that has also been recommended to us by the Horizon compensation advisory board.
I can announce today that the Department for Business and Trade, rather than the Post Office, will be responsible for the delivery of redress for overturned convictions.