I want to hear both the Prime Minister and the Leader of the Opposition.
Two weeks ago, the Prime Minister invited himself into everyone’s living room at 6 o’clock on a Friday evening.
No one asked him to give that speech; he chose to do it.
He chose to anoint himself as the great healer and pose as some kind of unifier, but when the man bankrolling his election says that the right hon.
Member for Hackney North and Stoke Newington should be shot, he suddenly finds himself tongue-tied, shrinking in sophistry, hoping he can deflect for long enough that we will all go away.
What does the Prime Minister think it was about the hundreds of millions of pounds of NHS contracts given to Frank Hester by his Government that first attracted him to giving £10 million to the Tory party in the first place?
Mr Speaker, I am absolutely not going to take any lectures from somebody who chose to represent the antisemitic terrorist group, Hizb ut-Tahrir, who chose to serve a Leader of the Opposition who let antisemitism run rife in this Labour party.
Those are his actions, those are his values, and that is how he should be judged.
The problem is that the Prime Minister is describing a Labour party that no longer exists; I am describing a man who is bankrolling the Conservatives’ upcoming general election. [
Interruption.]
They can shout all they like.
Two weeks ago, the Prime Minister marched them out like fools to defend Islamophobia, and now  the hon.
Member for Ashfield (Lee Anderson)  is warming up the Opposition Benches for them.
Yesterday, the Prime Minister sent them out to play down racism and misogyny until he was forced to change course.
He will not hand the money back.
He will not comment on how convenient it is that a man handed huge NHS contracts by his Government is now his party’s biggest donor.
You have to wonder what the point is of a Prime Minister who cannot lead and a party that cannot govern.
Mr Speaker, national insurance contributions fund state pensions and the NHS, so is the Prime Minister’s latest unfunded £46 billion promise to scrap national insurance going to be paid for by cuts to state pensions or cuts to the NHS?
I am glad that the right hon.
and learned Gentleman has brought up the Budget; it is about time that he spoke about his plans, because what have we heard from the shadow Chief Secretary to the Treasury—[Interruption.]
Order.
I call the Prime Minister.
The shadow Chief Secretary to the Treasury has confirmed that the Labour party will not be sticking to the Conservative Government’s spending plans, so we now have a litany of unfunded promises on the NHS, mental health, dentistry and breakfast clubs.
That does not even include the £28 billion 2030 eco-pledge that the right hon.
and learned Gentleman is still committed to.
We all know that while we are cutting taxes, Labour’s unfunded promises mean higher taxes for working Britons.
No, the Labour party will not be sticking to the Prime Minister’s completely unfunded £46 billion promise.
He thinks that he can trick people into believing that simply shaking the Tory magic money tree will bring it into existence.
Let us be clear: 80% of national insurance is spent on social security and pensions; 20% is spent on the NHS.
He is either cutting pensions or the NHS, or he will have to raise other taxes or borrowing.
Which is it, Prime Minister?
I know that it is not the right hon.
and learned Gentleman’s strong point, but if he actually listened to the Chancellor last week, he would have heard that NHS spending is going up.
It is a plan that is backed by the NHS chief executive officer, who says that we are giving her what she needs.