Talk of rail electrification just means more of the same for us: slow trains, cancelled services and empty election promises.
The UK Government have already shown a commitment to transport in Wales, spending £390 million on improved rail infrastructure over the last control period.
In addition to that, there has been the south Wales metro, which is part of a UK Government-Welsh Government joint-funded growth deal.
The Prime Minister was very clear about our commitment to the electrification of the north Wales rail line, and that commitment stands.
The Tory leader in the Senedd opposes moves to tackle the effects of excessive numbers of holiday homes in our communities.
He goes on about
“anti-tourism, and anti-English policies being imposed on the Welsh tourism industry”.
Now that the Tory Westminster Government are abolishing tax breaks for holiday lets, would the Secretary of State claim that his Chancellor is anti-tourism?
I would not.
My friend in the Senedd has spoken out repeatedly about the Welsh Labour Government’s plans for an overnight tourism tax, which will have a detrimental impact on tourism businesses across Wales.
The hon.
Lady’s party is in partnership with the Welsh Labour Government, and if she really wants to support the Welsh tourism industry, I suggest she tells it that her Members will vote  against Welsh Labour’s Budget, to prevent that tax from coming in.
What discussions he has had with the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero and the Welsh Government on electricity transmission and distribution policy.
The Government are committed to transforming our electricity network to reach our energy security and net zero ambitions.
We recently announced an ambitious electricity network package that will reduce consumer bills, bring forward £90 billion of investment over the next 10 years and allow us to harness Wales’s renewable resources, such as floating offshore wind in the Celtic sea.
Pylon developments for  electricity transmission and distribution purposes are very controversial in the communities that are expected to host them.
I have four such potential developments in my constituency, and the whole of Carmarthenshire is in uproar.
Will the right hon.
Gentleman ask the Secretary of State for Energy Security and Net Zero to commission a study on technologies such as cable ploughing, which allow undergrounding and have a comparable cost to pylons?
I understand the concerns that have been raised in the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency.
He has discussed this with me previously, and is championing his constituents’ concerns.
The information that I have been given is that laying cables underground would cost five to seven times more, but I hear what he is saying.
If he has a presentation or something that he can forward to me, I would be delighted to make sure that officials in the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero see it.
On the subject of transmission and distribution policy, is my right hon.
Friend aware that the Senedd has decided to ban GB News?
What is his policy on that?
There may be a small electricity saving, but it is very disappointing that the Welsh Labour Government are preventing a perfectly legitimate viewpoint from being heard by Members of the Senedd, who would do well to listen to people who do not always agree with everything they say.
What discussions he has had with the Welsh Government on the adequacy of healthcare services in Wales.
As my hon.
Friend knows, healthcare is devolved to the Welsh Government, who have received record funding to deliver on their devolved responsibilities.
They receive 20% more funding per person than is received for comparable services in England.
Despite that extra money, more than 24,000 patients in Wales have been waiting more than two years for treatment.
The number of people waiting more than two years for treatment in England, which has roughly 20 times the population, is around 200.