Lady who make people on my side of the Chamber at times think that we are perhaps engaged in some form of madness; we are not, but she doesn’t half make it sound like we are.
Can these new gas plants be consistent with the Government’s commitment to decarbonise the power sector by 2035?
Our published net zero scenarios for the power sector—I invite the hon.
Lady to read them—show that building new gas capacity is consistent with decarbonising electricity by 2035.
From those scenarios we expect that, even with new gas capacity, rather than the 38% of electricity generation which in 2022 came from gas, that figure will be down to 1% by 2035—or, if we follow the scenario set out by the Climate Change Committee, perhaps 2%.
We are going to have that as a back-up.
It is sensible insurance; it is about keeping the lights on while we carry on the remarkable transformation this Government have achieved in moving from the appalling legacy of the Labour party of less than 7% of electricity coming from renewables to nearly 50% today.
The announcement on gas-fired power stations is extremely welcome, but at the moment a kilowatt-hour of electricity  in the UK costs 44 cents, against 17 cents in the US and 8 cents in both China and India.
We have become fundamentally uncompetitive because of this green obsession.
We want cheap electricity and we should have gas and we should have coal, and we should postpone net zero indefinitely because we are only 1% of global emissions.
We are making no difference, and the US economy is growing consistently faster than ours because of cheap energy.
This is a good first step against the net zero obsession.
We need to go further.
I would chide my right hon.
Friend with the science and evidence that are emerging all the time.
There is a climate challenge and emergency, which is why we are looking to reduce our emissions.
He is quite right to challenge that by saying, “We are less than 1% of global emissions, so how does this make sense?”
That is why we hosted COP26 and got the rest of the world to commit to following us.
We are bringing in the carbon border adjustment mechanism from 2027 precisely to ensure that we create an economically rational system that supports jobs in this country, while meeting the climate challenge that needs to be met.
I call the shadow Minister.
I am little puzzled about what all this is about.
The Committee on Climate Change and all credible energy experts have said that we will need a small residual of unabated gas in the system for the medium term, and that is consistent with a fully decarbonised power system.
No one disputes that, and it is barely worth an announcement.
We should extend the lives of existing plants to meet that need.
If new-build plants are needed in the short term to replace some of those retiring gas-fired power stations, there is no disagreement, provided they are capable of converting to hydrogen or carbon capture, as the Government say they must be.
However, that is not what the Secretary of State said yesterday at the Chatham House meeting.
The Government’s own analysis published yesterday shows that 24 GW of existing gas capacity could be maintained via life extension and refurbishment, and 9 GW of new capacity is already in the baseline under existing capacity market arrangements.
That is an uncontroversial position and analysis, and hardly something worth making a huge fuss about.
But again, that was not what the Secretary of State talked about at yesterday’s Chatham House conference.
Given that analysis, could the Minister enlighten us with the number of new gas plants that the Government are hoping to build, given there is no mention of that in the 1,500 pages of documents that were published yesterday?