She concluded:
“The existing enforcement mechanisms available to the police and other enforcement officers do not offer enough deterrent against those determined to use the cover of football matches to commit criminal offences.
Tailgating, for example, should become a criminal offence.
Sanctions for those breaking into football stadiums and/or recklessly endangering lives is weak.”
My Bill aims to rectify that by inserting a new specific offence into the Football (Offences) Act 1991, namely entering or attempting to enter a designated football match in England and Wales without a ticket that the person is eligible to use.
The offence, as we have heard, is summary only and carries a maximum sentence of a £1,000 fine.
It can be tried only in a magistrates court, which will help with the big core backlog in the Crown courts.
A conviction is likely to lead to a court-imposed football banning order, preventing the person in question attending matches for between three and five years.
There is a potential prison sentence if the banning order is breached.
The offence, and the banning order in particular, is intended to act as the long-term deterrent that Baroness Casey identified a need for in her report.
If passed, the Bill would apply to matches set out in orders made under section 1 of the 1991 Act.
As it stands, those are matches in the premier league, championship, leagues one and two, national league, women’s super league, women’s super league 2—previously called the championship—and Cymru premier league, and international fixtures held in England and Wales.
After I did an interview with Radio Derby about the Bill, I was touched to hear from my friend, and Amber Valley borough council’s longest-serving councillor, John McCabe.
Incidentally, he was also probably one of the longest-suffering Nottingham Forest football club fans.
He has sadly passed away since he left me a voicemail message that morning, which I still have.
He opened with his characteristic greeting, “’Ey up, Linsey,” before talking about unauthorised entry in his youth.
He said,
“Well done…It’s been happening for years—it used to happen when I were about eleven—they used to say ‘lift him over, he’ll be alright,’ but it’s been happening for years that Linsey.”
That “Well done” sticks with me, and his words and reflections on witnessing unauthorised entry aged 11 further demonstrate the long-standing need for the kind of reform that the Bill proposes.
I will now turn to some queries that were put to me during the Bill’s various stages.
First, the Bill uses the word “premises” instead of “stadium”, to allow for arrests to be made and prosecutions to be brought against people going through the first cordon where a ticket would need to be displayed, preventing danger to the stadium itself.
In Committee,  the hon.
Member for Harrow East (Bob Blackman)  raised a concern regarding the challenges of electronic ticketing and ticket duplication as a means to illegally provide entry to matches.
I thank him for his concern and assure him that that would be  captured by section 166 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act 1994—a provision that covers the unauthorised resale of match tickets, commonly referred to as ticket touting.
Also in Committee,  the hon.
Member for Wimbledon (Mr Kohler)  asked about the change to the wording of proposed new section 1A(3) of the 1991 Act in the version of the Bill promoted by Lord Brennan of Canton, which fell at the general election.
The provision outlines proposed possible defences.
Proposed new section 1A(3)(b) in my version of the Bill has been edited so that it covers cases in which a person “reasonably believed” that they had a ticket for the match but in fact did not.
That is to ensure that a person who innocently buys a counterfeit ticket is not criminalised under this offence, which is specifically about fan safety and preventing overcrowding.