I perhaps misspoke; my understanding is that it is to align with the football calendar rather than the start of the season.
Perhaps the Minister can clarify that in due course.
We are now on a countdown to the start of the football season.
My husband, being a season ticket holder for Coventry City FC, is very disappointed that we will be on holiday at the start of the football season in August.
Obviously it is unlikely that we will get the provisions in place by then, but the important thing is to get the legislation in place in time for when we co-host the next European finals, which is in 2028.
I think we should be in good time for that.
A fixed date of two months after Royal Assent would be sufficient time to get everything in place.
As I mentioned earlier, the Bill has a deterrent element to it.
Baroness Casey’s recommendation was to make sure that it is a proper deterrent.
We need to be ready, and we need to make sure that as soon as the legislation kicks off, we send a clear message that this sort of behaviour will not be tolerated any longer and people will not be able to get away with it.
I hope I have provided a thorough and detailed response that satisfies the hon.
Member for Christchurch, and I respectfully urge him to withdraw his amendment.
I rise to support my hon.
Friend  the Member for Christchurch (Sir Christopher Chope) .
It seems to me that the way that he introduced his very modest amendment to remove the word “attempts” was entirely proper.
I support the Bill, but I think it is quite dangerous to introduce an offence into criminal law of just attempting to enter a football ground, because it is quite difficult to gather evidence of or police that.
I assure  the hon.
Member for Amber Valley (Linsey Farnsworth)  that I do not want to delay matters much.
I will keep my remarks short, because I support the general principle of the Bill.
I support making it a criminal offence to actually enter a designated football match; that is in the Bill’s long title and is something we can all agree on.
Widening the scope of the Bill to include attempts to enter a ground is quite dangerous.
I assume that the amendments tabled by my hon.
Friend the Member for Christchurch will be rejected, but I wonder whether it would unduly weaken the Bill if they were passed.
After all, the Bill is about having a legal deterrent to crowds of people seeking to force their way into a football ground, but there may be many other ways in which people attempt to get into a football ground that are not riotous disorder and may be quite honest in intention.
When creating criminal law, it is dangerous to get into aspects of intention—mens rea, as lawyers call it—rather than, in this case, the actual legal fact of entering a football ground.
If the law were not changed, someone engaging in this bad behaviour could be punished only by ejection from the stadium, but there are criminal laws of trespass and many other ways in which this very bad behaviour can be identified.
When Baroness Casey identified in her review the absence of specific offences as a weakness in stadium enforcement, I am not sure whether she was referring to such minor infringements as attempting to enter a football ground.
I will say more about that in a moment.
I know that the key motivation for the Bill was the Euro 2020 final and the chaos at Wembley when hundreds of ticketless individuals stormed the venue, overwhelmed stewards and endangered legitimate fans.
That mass unauthorised entry posed real risks, but that was really a riot.