The amendment is intended to probe rather than anything else.
Why do the words “in particular” need to be incorporated?
Surely it would be simpler to say that the Secretary of State “must consider regulatory approaches in other countries”—full stop, period.
But that is not how it is at the moment.
Amendment 5 would leave out the reference to the Secretary of State.
This is to do with the definition of a rare cancer.
Currently, clause 2 would add this wording to the National Health Service Act 2006:
“The research that the Secretary must facilitate or otherwise promote under subsection (1)(a) includes research into cancers that in the opinion of the Secretary of State are rare cancers.”
Why cannot it not just say “that are rare cancers”?
Indeed, clause 2 would also add this wording to the 2006 Act:
“In this section ‘rare cancer’ means a cancer that affects not more than 1 in 2000 people in the United Kingdom.”
That is an issue of fact.
The Secretary of State should not be able to basically have a veto over the interpretation of what is or is not a rare cancer.
This is just another example of the control freakery within the Department.
I am sorry that so far the Minister does not seem to have stood up to officials who have persuaded him, no doubt, that we need the expression
“in the opinion of the Secretary of State”.
Again, the argument is quite straightforward and the people from Pancreatic Cancer UK are on my side, but they are obviously very keen for the Bill to get on to the statute book.
We all have to recognise that it is within the Government’s power to prevent it from making any further progress.
That is why it will be quite difficult, I suppose, to persuade the Minister to accept amendment 5.
Amendment 6 would leave out from “are” to the end of the line and insert “arrangements in place to” in this statement in clause 2:
“In discharging the duty under subsection (1)(a) in relation to those cancers, the Secretary of State must, in particular, ensure that there are such arrangements in place as the Secretary of State considers appropriate to”.
Why can we not just say “arrangements in place to enable potential participants in clinical trials”, and so on?
Why do we need to give the Secretary of State discretion —a veto, essentially—over whether he considers those arrangements to be appropriate?
It seems to me completely redundant, unnecessary and, indeed, oppressive.
It is counter to the expressed wishes of this House on Second Reading, when there was impatience over the delay, because of the need to get on with this, and suspicion over the failure of the Department of Health and Social Care—under not just this Government but previous Governments, which I would be the first to accept—to actually deal with the crisis involving people who are subject to rare cancers.
That is amendment 6.
I am trying to beetle through these amendments quite quickly, Madam Deputy Speaker, so that other people can participate in this important debate.
Amendment 7 attempts to tie down when clinical trials will be able to be implemented.
It relates to the research, and the requirement on the Secretary of State to ensure the appointment of a person to be known as the national speciality lead for rare cancers, but there is no timescale for that to be done, so I am proposing six months.
There is a wider issue, though.
There is no reason why the appointment could not be made now.
There is no reason why it could not have been made when the Bill was first introduced.
It is quite clear from the impact assessment that the speciality lead will be appointed by a quango, essentially, which already has specialty leads for a whole lot of other issues.
Why can we not just appoint this person now?