The provision outlines proposed possible defences.
Proposed new section 1A(3)(b) in my version of the Bill has been edited so that it covers cases in which a person “reasonably believed” that they had a ticket for the match but in fact did not.
That is to ensure that a person who innocently buys a counterfeit ticket is not criminalised under this offence, which is specifically about fan safety and preventing overcrowding.
As before, the defence also applies in relation to a person using a genuine ticket that they are not eligible to use—for example, an adult using a child’s ticket.
Again, because there would already be a reserved seat in the stadium, safety would not be an issue with respect to overcrowding.
The Bill, it should be clear, is about safety and the safeguarding of football fans, not villainising genuine supporters.
The hon.
Member for Wimbledon wondered whether that alteration might have the unintended consequence of allowing a defence if a person used a ticket that had already been used, regardless of whether they had done so deliberately.
I promised that I would raise that with the Home Office legal advisers and the Office of the Parliamentary Counsel, which I did.
They confirmed that a person attempting to reuse a ticket could not be said to reasonably believe that they possessed valid authorisation to enter, meaning that the statutory defence under proposed new section 1A(3)(b) would not apply.
Furthermore, in practical terms, the court is likely to interpret the provision as meaning that a person is not eligible to reuse a previously used ticket, consistent with the intent to prevent unauthorised access to football stadiums.
I thank the Home Office legal advisers and the Office of the Parliamentary Counsel for their help in clarifying that matter.
Finally, let me address why the Bill deals with football matches specifically.
Of course, the danger posed by overcrowding is not limited to football and is prevalent in other highly attended sporting and entertainment events; however, this is a private Member’s Bill, and as we have heard, in many instances it is best to limit them in nature if one is to successfully change the law within the prescribed timeframe.
I visited Wembley to watch the Carabao cup final with the Minister for Policing and Crime Prevention.
We witnessed tailgating taking place and when I spoke to staff in the police, they suggested that football specifically was an event at which unauthorised entry regularly happens and that it poses a serious risk at the most competitive games.
In the light of the upcoming Euro 2028, which I am glad to say is being jointly hosted by the UK and Ireland, it is necessary that legislation to protect fans is passed as soon as possible, so that it can come into effect and be a proper deterrent beforehand.
If passed, my Bill guarantees that that would happen.
Will the hon.
Lady give way?
I will make some progress, thank you.
Staff at Wembley also had concerns about upcoming sold-out music events.
It is clear that unauthorised entry and overcrowding could pose security and safety risks beyond football, and I hope that Parliament will consider legislation that expands the logic of the Bill to address those other areas, including other big music and sport events, on another occasion.
I am pleased to support this Bill.
A lot of the things I wanted to say have been highlighted by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Amber Valley (Linsey Farnsworth) .
It is clear that the numbers are stark, and there is an issue.
The hon.
Member for Christchurch (Sir Christopher Chope)  asked why this legislation is important, and I will say why and why it is personal for me.
On  2 January 1971 , eight teenage boys from the village where I grew up, Markinch in Fife, travelled to Glasgow to watch an Old Firm game at Ibrox.