She comments on my amendments.
On amendment 2, she says,
“We are keen to push for this change with the Department once we reach implementation stage of the Bill.”
With the greatest of respect to Diana Jupp, we can do this now.
Instead of leaving it to her and her colleagues to try to pressurise the Department later, we in this House have the power to change the legislation in the way that I have suggested, so that there would be a timetable set out for implementing the changes in the law recommended by the review.
In response to amendment 4, Diana Jupp says that
“this timeline has been agreed with the Department and in our opinion would tie into the timelines of other developing cancer policy implementation, including the cancer plan.”
Obviously, the most important part of her comment is that the timeline has been agreed with the Department, because if it had not been, the Department and the Minister would not have taken the Bill forward in this way and agreed to it.
On the timeline, I draw the House’s attention to the evidence base set out in the impact assessment.
It says that the whole process will take one year.
The Department  reckons that it will cost £130,000 and sets out how many full-time equivalent civil servants will be involved in it.
If it will only take one year, why are we saying that it needs to have three years?
That is an example of why we need to tighten up the Bill, because if this is a review that needs to and will be carried out, why do we not get on with it?
To suggest that it will take longer than a year is to go against the Department’s own evidence set out in the impact assessment.
The impact assessment says on page 6, under the heading “Mandating a Government review of the orphan drug regulations”:
“This will place a duty on the Government to publish a review which will be a comparison of orphan drug Regulations (specifically Part 5 of the Human Medicines Regulations 2012) and international regulatory approaches to supporting the research and development of orphan medicinal products that are for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of cancers.
Since the review is concerned with orphan drug regulations it is by default covering rare cancers.
The findings should be published within 3 years.”
On page 7, paragraph 19 on financial costs says,
“It is difficult to estimate the resourcing costs required for the orphan drug review, since the exact scope remains to be agreed.
However, we estimate the cost to the Department of Health and Social Care to produce and publish a report on orphan drug Regulations to incur costs of approximately £0.14m in relation to staff resource.
This reflects the cost of 0.3 x SCS staff, 1 x FTE Grade 6 or Grade 7 staff, 0.3 x Grade 7 staff and 0.5 x SEO staff for one year.”
That is what the Government say: only one year will be necessary.
In that case, why is my generous amendment, which would restrict the period from three years to two years, unacceptable to the Government?
There is a history of dragging of feet at the Department of Health and Social Care, I am afraid; we certainly heard about that on Second Reading.
I give the House that specific example of why, on the Government’s own evidence, they should accept the change from three years to two.
Amendment 3 would leave out “in particular” from line 7, which reads:
“In carrying out the review the Secretary of State must, in particular, consider regulatory approaches in other countries.”
The amendment is intended to probe rather than anything else.
Why do the words “in particular” need to be incorporated?
Surely it would be simpler to say that the Secretary of State “must consider regulatory approaches in other countries”—full stop, period.