Or rather, abolished.
Perhaps both—demolished and abolished!
So, why are we seeking to include, in primary legislation, a reference to what, in the Government’s view, is already a redundant body?
I would have expected the Government to have come forward with an amendment on that, but I am at their service, as always, and if they accept amendment 8, then they will leave out
“in the opinion of NHS England”
and remove NHS England, and any references to that organisation, from the Bill.
I hope I am tempting the Minister to accept some of my amendments and tempting other Members to speak in support of them.
Finally, amendment 9 again relates to clause 3, and the
“Disclosure of information for research purposes”.
Currently, subsection (4) states:
“After subsection (6)”—
of the Health and Social Care Act 2012—
“insert—(6A) A power conferred by this section to process information does not authorise the processing of information which would contravene the data protection legislation”.
That is fine; we can understand that.
But I would be grateful if the Minister expanded, when responding to the debate, on what is then in brackets:
“(but the power is to be taken into account in determining whether the processing would contravene that legislation).”
If somebody could explain what that means, that would be extremely helpful.
We know from the notes that the common law duties of maintaining privacy still apply.
They are not removed as a result of this provision, so what do those words mean?
This is very much a probing amendment to try to obtain more information.
Madam Deputy Speaker, that is a succinct summary of the points I am making and why I tabled those amendments.
One or two people—out of ignorance, frankly—have written to me suggesting that I have something other than their best interests at heart.
I do have their best interests at heart, which I why I am putting forward these amendments.
I hope I will get a positive response from the Government.
I rise to oppose the amendments, but I thank  the hon.
Member for Christchurch (Sir Christopher Chope)  for tabling them, for engaging with the Bill and for our conversation yesterday, which I really appreciated.
I understand the stated intent of the proposals, although I am not minded to support them.
Over the last 10 months, I have held dozens of meetings with families, survivors, sufferers, charities, clinicians and legal experts, all with the aim of delivering meaningful change in this field.
Those meetings were not so that I could tell people about the Bill, but so that those people could shape the Bill.
I fear that if we were to pass these amendments, they would upset the delicate balance of hopes and aspirations that underpins the Bill.
It is not just about the Minister, as the hon.
Member suggested; there is a whole coalition of people who have different opinions about the Bill, and I do not think any one person has a right to change it in that way, including me.
That would be hugely disrespectful and a disappointment to that coalition, but I understand the hon.
Member’s points.
The Minister will go through the amendments in turn, so I will focus on three key ones.
The review of orphan drugs was one of the hardest-fought things in the negotiations with the Department and charities, but we found a point that we could all agree on.
I appreciate that the hon.
Member wants it to go further, and perhaps we could speculate about the outcome and better prepare for it, but it is much awaited by the charities and they are grateful for it.
I do not want to speak on their behalf, but that is what I have heard from them.
That covers amendments 1 and 2.