As these examples show, football is in a constant state of change and evolution.
It is not only right that as the sport evolves and progresses, the regulations around it adapt to reflect and facilitate those changes—it is paramount.
That brings me to my Bill, which considers the issue of unauthorised entry to football matches from a fan safety perspective.
It aims to ensure that proper legislation is in place to protect fans and prevent overcrowding in stadiums.
As we have heard, unauthorised entry often takes the form of tailgating, also called jibbing.
That is where a ticketless person pushes through the turnstiles behind an unsuspecting ticket-holding fan.
Currently, if caught, tailgaters will likely be ejected without facing any other consequences; therefore, ticketless individuals can and do repeatedly attempt to gain entry to a match until they give up or are successful.
This is not a trivial matter—it has significant consequences for the fans in the stadium, and for the stewards and security staff working there.
According to the Football Association, unauthorised entry to football matches results in operational, safety and security problems at major events.
There are regularly 600 tailgating attempts at major games at Wembley and at grounds across the country.
Occasionally, there are also instances of mass entry, where large crowds of people try to push their way into the stadium.
The potential consequences of this kind of mass entry are both dangerous and tragic.
In July 2021, during the Euros final, around 1,900 ticketless individuals entered Wembley stadium.
It is estimated that around 1,200 to 1,300 of those individuals got into the inner areas of the ground.
Two of my friends, Ross and Siobhan, were at the match that day.
They are both extremely experienced supporters of many sports, and travel to attend games at many grounds around the world.
They were excited that day to watch the game, to experience at first hand the charged atmosphere of such a significant match, and to get behind their team.
Unfortunately, they did not have the usual experience that they rightly hoped for.
Siobhan told me:
“We arrived Wembley around an hour before kick off…it was obvious that things were not as they should be…I felt very uneasy about the atmosphere…We went to the turnstiles, which were still very busy and there were people there without a ticket who had managed to get through the first ticket check and were asking people to let them push through with them…I’ve been to many events at Wembley that are sold out and have never seen it in such a mess.
We went straight to our seats which we were able to reclaim from the people occupying them at the time and the rows were overfilled and the stairways were full of people…The place was clearly filled way past capacity…Overall I found it to be unpleasant and a potentially dangerous environment…It has put me off…attending England games and I haven’t been to one since.”
My friends were not alone in feeling like that.
Baroness Louise Casey was commissioned to conduct an independent review into the events of the Euros final, which she described as turning
“ a day of national pride into a day of shame”.
The report finds:
“The drunkenness, drug taking, irresponsibility, criminality, and abuse of innocent people—including staff, families, and disabled ticket holders—was shocking and intolerable.”
Baroness Casey also writes:
“There were a series of crowd ‘near misses’ which could have led to significant injuries or even death”.
She concluded:
“The existing enforcement mechanisms available to the police and other enforcement officers do not offer enough deterrent against those determined to use the cover of football matches to commit criminal offences.
Tailgating, for example, should become a criminal offence.
Sanctions for those breaking into football stadiums and/or recklessly endangering lives is weak.”