With the leave of the House, I associate myself with the tribute to the Ibrox victims given so movingly by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cumbernauld and Kirkintilloch (Katrina Murray) .
There are many people I would like to thank for helping to get the Bill to this stage, but first I will speak about footballer, vice-captain and much-loved daughter and sister Maddy Cusack, who lived in my constituency in Horsley and passed away tragically in September 2023.
I dedicate this Bill to her, with the knowledge that she would approve of its contents, given her love for the game and for the safety of the fans who came to watch her light up the pitch week in, week out.
The Maddy Cusack Foundation has been set up in her honour, with the aim of continuing her legacy.
The foundation has done wonderful work, providing opportunities and inspiring young girls and women in football, including sponsoring local teams to ensure that the next generation of footballers is equipped to face the world in the fierce, determined and spirited manner that Maddy faced it.
I encourage Members, in their own time, to look into the wonderful work that the foundation is doing.
I thank the Football Association and the Football Association of Wales, which have both supported this Bill; the Clerks and civil servants who helped to draft it and offered support throughout the process; the Members who took it through Committee; and my hon.
Friends the Members for Uxbridge and South Ruislip (Danny Beales) and for Hartlepool (Mr Brash), who co-sponsored the Bill.
I thank Baroness Casey for her report and the important work she has done around fan safety, and I thank my staff, who provide continued guidance and support.
I must also extend my thanks to Lord Brennan, whose work as the original promoter of the Bill has been invaluable.
Football is a game of two halves.
At the risk of creating an overstretched analogy, I believe it is fitting that the second half of this Bill and its journey should be played out under Lord Brennan’s capable guidance and captaincy in the other place, should it pass today.
If the Bill passes, I will happily pass the armband to him.
Question put and agreed to.
Bill accordingly read the Third time and passed.
Consideration of Bill, not amended in the Public Bill Committee
I beg to move amendment 1, page 1, line 5, leave out “and”.
With this it will be convenient to discuss the following:
Amendment 2, page 1, line 6, at end insert
“and
(c) set out a timetable for implementing any changes in the law recommended by the review.”
Amendment 3, page 1, line 7, leave out “in particular”.
Amendment 4, page 1, line 9, leave out “three” and insert “two”.
Amendment 5, page 2, line 3, leave out “in the opinion of the Secretary of State”.
Amendment 6, in clause 2, page 2, line 7, leave out from “are” to end of line 8 and insert “arrangements in place to”.
Amendment 7, page 2, line 12, after “appointed” insert
“within the period of 6 months beginning with the day on which this Act is passed”.
Amendment 8, in clause 3, page 2, line 33, leave out
“in the opinion of NHS England”.
Amendment 9, page 2, line 40, leave out subsection (4).
This is certainly not a trivial Bill; it is a really important piece of legislation, which I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Edinburgh South West (Dr Arthur)  on introducing and pioneering.
It was not a Government handout; it was an idea that he thought needed to be the subject of legislation and he has pursued it.
We had a fantastic Second Reading debate.
There is tremendous interest in the Bill.
May I therefore make it clear at the outset that my amendments are designed to try to strengthen the Bill rather than anything else?