I am generally supportive of it and think it is entirely necessary.
Turning to the amendments, my hon.
Friend the Member for Christchurch is right.
It does concern me that the words
“the opinion of the Secretary of State”
are included proposed new subsection (2) of section 1E of the National Health Service Act 2006.
As my hon.
Friend has pointed out, proposed new subsection (4) of section 1E and proposed new subsection (5A) of section 261 of the Health and Social Care Act 2012 set out the definition of a rare cancer, and if the Bill passes, that definition will become law.
I therefore think there is a contradiction within this piece of legislation: it contains an absolute definition of a rare cancer, but adds some ambiguity by referring to the “opinion” of the Secretary of State.
I ask the Minister to explain how both those things can be true.
If the Secretary of State decides that there is some other definition of a rare cancer, how can that possibly be in line with the definition that is written into the law?
As the hon.
Member for Edinburgh South West has said, the definition that has been included in the Bill—that a rare cancer is
“a cancer that affects not more than 1 in 2000 people in the United Kingdom”—
aligns it with the UK rare diseases framework, which was published by Lord Bethell in the other place in 2021.
It seems to me that that is an effective and suitable definition, so again, I ask the Minister whether he expects there to be some other definition.
If he does not expect that, why is it necessary to include the words
“the opinion of the Secretary of State”?
The Bill is not even consistent.
Proposed new subsection (2) of section 1E of the National Health Service Act 2006 refers to the opinion of the Secretary of State, but proposed new subsection (5A) of section 261 of the Health and Social Care Act 2012 talks about
“the opinion of NHS England”.
As my hon.
Friend the Member for Christchurch has pointed out, NHS England is fortunately going to be abolished very soon.
When that happens, will we have to pass either primary legislation or secondary legislation to delete those words from the Bill?
Would it not be better if we deleted the words “the opinion of NHS England” now?
Why will the Minister not consider removing them?
If there is some reason why he thinks the Secretary of State might have to change the definition, why are those two clauses of the Bill not consistent?
I hope hon.
Members will see that what the hon.
Member for Christchurch and I are trying to achieve—certainly through amendments 5 and 8—is to establish a clear definition of a rare cancer.
We are aiming to ensure that there is no ambiguity in that definition, and if there is to be ambiguity, we want to at least ensure that the body or authority that is going to make any changes is consistent in the legislation.
I call the shadow Minister.
I rise to speak on behalf of His Majesty’s official Opposition in support of the Rare Cancers Bill, and to welcome its thoughtful and necessary intervention on behalf of a group of patients who have been under-researched, under-represented, and under-acknowledged for too long.
I commend  the hon.
Member for Edinburgh South West (Dr Arthur)  on bringing this Bill forward, and on his ongoing dedication to the issue.
The case for the Bill is clear: rare cancers—defined, in line with the UK rare diseases framework, as conditions affecting fewer than one in 2,000 people—are individually uncommon but collectively account for more than 20% of all cancer diagnoses.
However, as we know, patients with rare cancers routinely face delayed diagnosis, limited treatment options and far fewer opportunities to participate in clinical research.