There is no reason why it could not have been made when the Bill was first introduced.
It is quite clear from the impact assessment that the speciality lead will be appointed by a quango, essentially, which already has specialty leads for a whole lot of other issues.
Why can we not just appoint this person now?
It is said that the cost of the appointment will be a mere £16,000.
I do not understand why it is necessary to include in the Bill a specific requirement that the appointment be made when we know that the National Institute for Health and Care Research has national speciality leads for research delivery within the research delivery network.
Their role is
“primarily to support research delivery in their discipline within health and care settings, with knowledge and experience of the full scope of the NIHR and the wider health and care delivery infrastructure in England.”
The leads work with patients, the public, health and care professionals including research and development communities within the NHS and wider care systems, academics and life sciences partners.
They
“aim to ensure strategic oversight and a focus on continuous improvement of the research delivery portfolio.”
Such specialty leads therefore already exist.
They do not exist courtesy of specific legislation requiring that they exist; they already exist under the NIHR.
Why has the NIHR not appointed such a specialty lead to deal with rare cancers?
Why is it necessary for us to legislate to require that, but in weak legislation that does not set out any timetable for the making of that appointment?
That, in my view, is another reason for tightening up the Bill.
The impact assessment, under the policy objectives, states:
“This aims to ensure there is adequate oversight of research delivery for rare cancers, by appointing a named person in England to provide leadership and advice for the delivery of rare cancer research.
It is envisaged this individual would be employed by the NIHR.”
It is accepted that that person would be employed by the NIHR, so why do we have to wait for that person to be employed?
And it is said that the cost will be only some £16,000 a year.
With my amendments, I am trying to emphasise the need for proportionality.
Amendment 8 would leave out
“in the opinion of NHS England”
from clause 3.
As we know, NHS England is not short of opinions, but that is by the bye.
Clause 3(3) states:
“After subsection (5) insert—
(5A) In subsection (5)(da) ‘relevant clinical trials’ means clinical trials in connection with the research and development of orphan medicinal products for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of cancers that in the opinion of NHS England are rare cancers”.
Now, I have already referred to this.
The Bill defines rare cancers as
“a cancer that affects not more than 1 in 2,000 people in the United Kingdom.”
So, what is it to do with NHS England?
The definition of a rare cancer is already in the Bill.
Surely, it is a matter of fact?
It should not be the subject of qualification or second-guessing by NHS England, so why is it in the Bill?
In my submission, it gives the Department more wriggle room.
Perhaps it means that a whole lot of people in NHS England will have to work out whether a particular cancer complies with the definition of a rare cancer that
“affects not more than 1 in 2,000 people”.
There is another problem here.
The Bill refers to the opinion of NHS England.
As I understood it, NHS England is—to my great delight—about to be demolished.
Or rather, abolished.
Perhaps both—demolished and abolished!
So, why are we seeking to include, in primary legislation, a reference to what, in the Government’s view, is already a redundant body?