I rise to thank  the hon.
Member for Christchurch (Sir Christopher Chope)  for his careful consideration of my Bill, although I am somewhat saddened by his suggestion that this is a trivial matter.
As he himself went on to say, we saw scenes at the Carabao cup final that were very troubling and warranted a full report from Baroness Casey.
She made an excellent report, with some very good observations and recommendations.
Indeed, she said that there should be a deterrent effect to any recommendations that are brought in.
I submit that the Bill provides just that.
I also rise to oppose amendments 1 to 6.
On amendments 1 to 5 and the issue of attempted entry, attempted entry places a particular pressure on stadium security and often requires police involvement.
It is often extremely crowded outside stadiums, with scuffles, struggles and chases through the crowd when people try to enter without a ticket.
Including attempted entry allows law enforcement to act before the breach of a stadium occurs and that provides an additional level of security.
I was at the Carabao cup final this year.
My right hon.
Friend the Minister for Policing and Crime Prevention and I were taken down to the turnstiles with the police.
We witnessed tailgating almost immediately.
We also saw an attempted tailgating incident, which involved a man in his 70s or early 80s standing at the turnstiles shouting to the stewards for help and assistance because somebody behind him was trying to push their way into the ground.
It was frightening for him.
He stood his ground—I pay tribute to him for doing so—but it could have been dangerous.
Indeed, it was dangerous with the amount of people who were around.
I submit that it flies in the face of common sense to release people who have a clear intention to get into a stadium.
The police told me that those sorts of attempts are made repeatedly, time and time again.
At the moment, the police do not have the power to arrest them.
They detain them, but then have to release them.
People just go back and try to get in again.
It is a constant cat and mouse, as it were, and throughout that period people are put in danger from that action.
To omit the offence of attempting entry would take us no further from the current position that the police find themselves in.
Including attempt in the Bill gives the best chance of equipping the police to deal with this issue and keep everybody as safe as they possibly can.
On amendment 6, regarding a timescale, my understanding is that the Bill is designed to come into force via regulations so that that can be aligned with the start of the football calendar.
That will ensure that all relevant organisations have time to prepare, co-ordinate and train accordingly.
As a Crown prosecutor for 21 years before I came to this place, I understand at first hand the importance of allowing sufficient time for changes in legislation to be implemented, for staff to be trained and for proper resources to be put in place by the police, the Crown Prosecution Service and, most importantly, by the stadiums themselves.
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for giving way and for the diligence with which she has approached this subject, including having discussed it on several occasions with me.
She says that instead of a date being specified in the Bill, regulations will be passed to bring in the provisions at the beginning of the football season.
When is that?
Is there a particular date?
I perhaps misspoke; my understanding is that it is to align with the football calendar rather than the start of the season.
Perhaps the Minister can clarify that in due course.
We are now on a countdown to the start of the football season.