I will say more about that in a moment.
I know that the key motivation for the Bill was the Euro 2020 final and the chaos at Wembley when hundreds of ticketless individuals stormed the venue, overwhelmed stewards and endangered legitimate fans.
That mass unauthorised entry posed real risks, but that was really a riot.
That is quite a different situation from somebody on their own, or perhaps a father with his children, attempting to get into a football ground when they may not have a ticket.
They may have been mis-sold a ticket—they may believe that they have a genuine ticket.
They may have been sold, at vast cost, a ticket by a ticket tout, but apparently now they will face the full force of the criminal law.
Under the Bill, police and courts will be able to ban repeat offenders, as it makes offenders eligible for football banning orders.
Those are quite serious consequences for people who may not be rioters at all; they may just be genuine football fans.
We are talking about a fine of up to £1,000 and a trial in a magistrates court.
I know that such cases will not go to a Crown court, but that is still a very serious matter for somebody who might just be attempting to enter a place.
We will be told by the Bill’s supporters that its enforcement is practical.
I understand how entry into a football ground could be enforced, but I am unsure about enforcing an attempt to get into a football ground.
Surely police and stewards need clarity.
There is no point in us introducing more and more laws when we have a whole slate of traditional laws against riotous behaviour.
Laws that may be difficult to enforce just bring the whole system into disrepute.
I know that football clubs, police forces and fans’ organisations largely support the Bill, but I am not sure whether they are aware just how widely it is framed.
I am sure that if they could talk these matters through with my hon.
Friend, they would think his amendment was a wise and moderate compromise, because people already assume that it is an offence to enter a football ground without a ticket; I agree that the Bill removes the gap between assumption and reality.
The other thing that slightly worries me is that while I can quite understand how such attempts could be dealt with by a premier league club, which has stewards and the whole panoply of a large football club, we should consider small clubs such as Gainsborough Trinity FC in my constituency.
These small clubs have faced huge challenges, and we are just introducing more burdens on them.
During covid, Gainsborough suspended season tickets and capped attendance at just 300.
Small clubs already have to deal with many regulations and with public health.
Their finances are very marginal, and covid worsened already fragile financial situations.
I hope that when we consider these undoubtedly worthy Bills—as we look at the Euros, Wembley and all the rest of it—that impose more obligations on football clubs, we remember smaller clubs.
The Football Association is not always as helpful as it can be with small clubs.
Big clubs get attention and support, so it may well be possible for them to police attempts to enter, but it may be more difficult for a tiny club—a very worthy, important and wonderful club such as Gainsborough Trinity FC—to deal with the intricacies of the law and understand it.
We are talking about enforcement and police resources, and therefore the measures in the Bill should be very moderate.
There would be £1,000 fines or long banning  orders.
Are we going to drag people before the courts?
I have already talked about the father attempting an entry.
Could children or young people who sneak in without harmful intent face having a criminal record?
Are we really going to do that?