Member for Christchurch to withdraw his amendments.
The Minister says that the Bill will come into force before the start of the football season.
We heard from  the hon.
Member for Amber Valley (Linsey Farnsworth)  that the season will start pretty soon, within four or five weeks.
I assume that means the Bill will not be implemented until summer 2026—that is the clear implication of what the Minister said.
If I am wrong in that interpretation, I hope he will intervene, because it is important to get it on the record that the Bill will not be in force until a year’s time.
On the issue of attempts, listening to my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Gainsborough (Sir Edward Leigh) , I thought that I had under-egged the pudding a bit, because he adduced a whole lot of extra arguments that reinforce the case for removing attempts from the Bill.
Apart from anything else, I fear that if we allow attempts to remain in the Bill, the people who are still outside the stadium and never got in will be the easy pickings—they will be the ones who get arrested and penalised, while the mass of offenders who got in without authority will get away with it—because in order for any of this to work, there has to be an arrest and a subsequent prosecution.
I wish to test the will of the House in relation to amendment 1.
Question put, That the amendment be made.
The House divided: Ayes 0, Noes 47.
Question accordingly negatived.
Third Reading
I beg to move, That the Bill be now read the Third time.
It is an honour to stand in the Chamber today and present this Bill for its Third Reading, particularly as a lifelong football fan.
I put on record that I am a proud Everton supporter—my staff have all too gleefully reminded me that this may be the nearest thing to football-related success that I experience for a long time.
Our men’s team last won a major trophy in 1995, and the women’s in 2010, so I am sure Members can imagine my delight when I saw the Amber Valley Codnor Sapphires girls under-10s team win the plate in a tournament in Heanor last Sunday.
I am told that two other teams from my constituency, Sleetmoor under-13s ladies and Heanor Junior Hawks, also won trophies that day.
I live in hope that Everton can follow suit and get their hands on some silverware at our new ground next season.
Football has a rich and impressive history.
It bridges communities and brings people together, cutting across generational, gender-based, geographical, cultural and class divides.
It is a sport of opportunity and hope that sees girls and boys who began by playing on the streets of their home towns becoming superstars and role models with platforms from which they can enact real change, as we saw during covid with Marcus Rashford’s free school meals campaign.
The rules of modern football are thought to have been drawn up in 1863, not far from  this place at the Freemasons’ Tavern in London.
There, among other things, the somewhat important rule that carrying the ball with hands is not allowed was agreed on.
Sadly, the referee seemed to forget that in the infamous 1986 world cup quarter-final between Argentina and England, in which Maradona produced his “hand of God” moment.
The introduction of the video assistant referee means that today, such a goal would rightly be ruled out—not that us England fans are bitter.
As these examples show, football is in a constant state of change and evolution.
It is not only right that as the sport evolves and progresses, the regulations around it adapt to reflect and facilitate those changes—it is paramount.
That brings me to my Bill, which considers the issue of unauthorised entry to football matches from a fan safety perspective.