I have already talked about the father attempting an entry.
Could children or young people who sneak in without harmful intent face having a criminal record?
Are we really going to do that?
Is that the sort of country we want to create?
We do not have a lot of data on how many attempts there are or how much unauthorised entry there is.
We should acknowledge that the Euro 2020 final was exceptional.
It is unclear whether making this kind of permanent legislative change, and rejecting the amendments, will solve the problem.
On the data, the FA reports that approximately 600 people regularly attempt to tailgate at matches at Wembley and other competitive games at grounds across the country.
It is not the odd person every now and again; people are regularly trying, over and over again, to get into football grounds.
That is why it is important that “attempt” is included.
Does the right hon.
Gentleman recognise that?
The hon.
Lady makes a fair point, but I am making a point about smaller clubs.
We are here because of a political reaction to the embarrassment created by one major failure, but we cannot base good law on one major failure that was on all our television screens.
We have to look at all clubs and consider all the difficulties that they would have in implementing this change.
There is a big issue with attempted tailgating to avoid paying fares on the London underground.
What does my right hon.
Friend think about the Bill, in comparison with what is happening on the underground?
We know that there is an epidemic of lawlessness on the underground and elsewhere.
No doubt somebody will try to bring in a Bill on that as well—and good luck to them—but we are talking about a very narrow amendment and a narrowly focused Bill.
I am worried about enforcement, which may vary between clubs or regions.
Fans may lose trust if they see the law being applied unevenly, and I do not know how clubs will police these attempts.
It is unclear whether banning orders will lead to frequent appeals.
People would be tried just for an attempt.
I know that that would only be in the magistrates court, but if they faced long banning orders, could there be appeals?
We have to apply the law fairly and reasonably; otherwise, it risks being a blunt instrument.
Surely we should try to make this sort of Bill tightly focused.
The amendments tabled by my hon.
Friend the Member for Christchurch are sensible.
They would better tool the legislation towards its rightful end.
First, they focus on the actual harm.
By removing attempted entry from the offence, the amendments would criminalise only completed unauthorised entries—clear facts that can be understood and proven.
We should target behaviour that truly compromises safety and public order.
Secondly, the amendments would ensure that the Bill avoids over-criminalisation.
Criminalising failed or minor  attempts could lead to disproportionate outcomes, especially for young people or first-time offenders.
My hon.
Friend’s amendments promote a more measured legal response.
Thirdly, the amendments would reduce ambiguity, and the great danger in law is ambiguity. “
Attempted entry” is a vague standard and may vary in interpretation by stewards and police.
If hon.
Members try to imagine the policing of a crowded football match with people pouring in, I wonder whether they would start to agree that “attempted entry” is a vague standard and may vary in interpretation.
We are talking about the criminal law.
We are talking not just about somebody being ticked off or told they cannot enter the stadium but possibly ending up in court.
The amendments would give a clear legal threshold for enforcement and prosecution, on the basis of which somebody can be tried and sentenced in the courts.
Fourthly, my hon.
Friend’s amendments would protect civil liberties.
I have spent many long years and Fridays in this place defending civil liberties.