The Bill distinguishes between a disease registry, like the National Disease Registration Service, and a contact registry, such as Be Part of Research.
Making sure that these systems can speak to each other will be of significant benefit when it comes to matching patients with opportunities.
Importantly, the clause reaffirms that any such data sharing must remain compliant with the Data Protection Act 2018.
As proposed new subsection 6A to the 2012 Act makes clear,
“A power conferred by this section to process information does not authorise the processing of information which would contravene the data protection legislation”.
This is a safeguard that we must preserve, not weaken, if we are to maintain public trust in the system.
At this point I turn to the amendments tabled by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Christchurch (Sir Christopher Chope) .
He approaches private Members’ Bills in the way that a jeweller examines diamonds—with a magnifying glass, a steady hand and absolutely no tolerance for flaws.
We may grumble as the clock ticks on, but deep down we all sleep better knowing that he is reading the footnotes.
This Bill is no different; he has approached it with rigour, and I thank him for his commitment to precision and improving clarity and accountability.
As he pointed out, the Bill is not trivial.
Therefore, it is not only right, but indeed the duty of this House, to scrutinise closely legislation and amendments laid before us.
To that end, several of the amendments aim to tighten the Bill’s drafting or introduce firmer deadlines.
For example, amendment 4 would reduce the timeframe for the review under clause 1 from three years to two.
Amendment 2 would require the Secretary of State to
“set out a timetable for implementing any changes in the law recommended by the review.”
I understand the concern that reviews can drift, but the three-year period reflects the complexity of the subject: a UK-wide review of the Human Medicines Regulations 2012, including benchmarking against other jurisdictions and engaging multiple agencies.
Compressing the timeline might jeopardise the depth or quality of the analysis.
Likewise, a statutory timetable for implementation could constrain the Government prematurely, before the review’s conclusions are even known.
I am very grateful to my hon.
Friend for his unprompted comments.
He will know that the funding is sufficient to staff the review only for one year.
If there is only funding for one year, why does it take three?
My hon.
Friend knows, far better than I, not to look at legislation in isolation.
The Government will at some point bring forward the cancer plan, which will have a direct crossover with the Bill, so it is right to give the Government the freedom and space to implement the legislation.
If we rush it, we could get it wrong, which would be even more detrimental for those who suffer with rare cancers.
Other amendments address definitions and discretion.
For example, amendment 5 would remove
“in the opinion of the Secretary of State”
from the definition of rare cancer, and amendment 8 would remove similar wording in relation to NHS England’s discretion.
At first glance, the amendments may seem like matters of tidy drafting, but retaining discretion is important, especially as regards rare cancers.
Prevalence data can be uncertain or lagging, and flexibility allows for expert judgments about edge cases in which rigid definitions may unintentionally exclude patients from trials or research that could benefit them.
On top of that, there are concerns even about simple definitions.
We are still exploring the difference between, for example, pre-cancerous and cancerous cells.
If someone goes for a smear, that is what they are told.
This is a new area.
Who knows what will come up in the future?