Member wants it to go further, and perhaps we could speculate about the outcome and better prepare for it, but it is much awaited by the charities and they are grateful for it.
I do not want to speak on their behalf, but that is what I have heard from them.
That covers amendments 1 and 2.
Amendment 5 is about the definition of a rare cancer, which is an aspect of the Bill that I have not spoken about in any great detail, so it is worth touching on here.
The Bill sets the definition of a rare cancer in  statute and aligns it with the definition of a rare disease, which is a useful simplification.
In future, let us hope that some conditions fall out of that “rare” specification and need less emphasis, and let us also hope that people in the Department look at the treatments that are being developed inside and outside the UK.
It is right that there should be a bit of flexibility at the edges of what the Department considers a rare cancer.
The timeline of the review is three years.
Again, we spent a great deal of time talking about that.
For some while, it was going to be much longer than three years, and all of us want it to be much shorter, but that was the compromise we reached—it was like “Goldilocks and the Three Bears”.
We reached that compromise together, so I urge the hon.
Member to respect our negotiations on that issue.
I hear what the hon.
Member is saying, but why does the impact assessment say that the costs are for staff for only one year?
If the review will take three years, why are the staff funded for only one?
I thank the hon.
Member for that question.
Of course, the review will not start on day one after passing the Bill.
It will take time to get up and running.
The existing workload of those staff members will have to be reallocated, and I hope and expect there to be some initial engagement with the sector—both charities and pharmaceutical companies—so a bit of flexibility is required.
To be honest, I would love more money to be spent on that review so that we can get more depth and it can have a greater impact.
I am sure other hon.
Members present would agree.
I hope the hon.
Member for Christchurch understands my position and recognises the strength of cross-party and sector-wide support that has brought the Bill this far.
I regret not inviting him to take part in the Bill Committee—we would have benefited from some of these comments at that stage—but some of the points that have been raised were discussed in Committee.
It was a reasonably long discussion; it did not last for hours, but it was not as short as some.
I remain committed to working constructively with colleagues as the Bill progresses beyond today—let us hope it gets beyond today—but I respectfully ask, in the strongest possible terms, that these amendments are not pressed.
If they are, I hope Members will oppose them.
To your delight, I am sure, Madam Deputy Speaker, and to the delight of the whole House—especially that of the Government Whips—I am not going to speak for very long on Report, although I am not promising not to speak for some time on Third Reading.
I wish to briefly speak to amendments 5 and 8 tabled by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Christchurch (Sir Christopher Chope) .
Before that, though, I congratulate  the hon.
Member for Edinburgh South West (Dr Arthur)  on the Bill.
I am generally supportive of it and think it is entirely necessary.
Turning to the amendments, my hon.
Friend the Member for Christchurch is right.