For many people in this country, a trip to the football is the highlight of their year.
For many families, it is a hard-earned outing or rare treat for their children—something they scrimp and save for.
What must they think when they see hooligans jump the barriers and get in for free?
They must think that they are the mugs for having paid and followed the rules in the first place.
It is therefore right that we give police and organisers the tools they need, not just to remove people in the moment but to prevent repeat offences through banning orders.
That builds on steps taken by the previous Government that saw drug-related offences in football stadiums likewise result in stadium bans.
I welcome the clear focus on intent.
The defences included in the Bill are thorough.
I hope that the Minister can confirm that enforcement will be directed firmly at dangerous deliberate entry, and will not affect fans who responsibly pass on spare tickets.
Targeted, common-sense enforcement is exactly the right approach to tackling this kind of disorder.
Where new powers are necessary, the Opposition will support their introduction.
The FA certainly seems to support the introduction of a bespoke offence for tailgating.
However, all too often, we do not make enough use of existing powers.
If I understood the sentiment expressed by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Christchurch (Sir Christopher Chope) , who is no longer in his place, he was saying that the laws introduced in this place are often improperly enforced.
Following the 68 arrests that I mentioned earlier, not a single person has been charged.
A bespoke tailgating offence will make little difference unless police and the Crown Prosecution Service are willing and able to secure convictions.
We must support them in doing so, as well as in taking other steps, such as co-operating with stadiums to advise on cases in which stadium bans might be appropriate.
More broadly, many of us are concerned by the rapid erosion of the social contract.
Across our society, we are witnessing a troubling disregard for not only law and order, but standards of behaviour.
Whether it is people pushing through ticket barriers on the tube, as my hon.
Friend the Member for Christchurch mentioned and my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Newark (Robert Jenrick)  has highlighted, or migrants working illegally as delivery drivers, as my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Croydon South (Chris Philp)  has highlighted, the principle is the same: laws apply to everyone, or they apply only to those of us who are good enough stick to them, which is deeply unfair.
If we do not take action to uphold those standards, particularly when safety is at stake, public confidence inevitably suffers.
The starting point must always be the enforcement of our existing laws, and we must give full support to institutions such as the FA as they take steps to improve safety and uphold standards.
In the light of all that, I am pleased to reiterate the support expressed in Committee and confirm our continued support for this private Member’s Bill.
I again thank the hon.
Member for Amber Valley for introducing it.
I warmly commend my hon.
Friend  the Member for Amber Valley (Linsey Farnsworth)  for bringing forward this private Member’s Bill.
As a lifelong football supporter, she has made a powerful case for her Bill, and I congratulate her on securing support for it from across the House.
I thank all hon.
Members who have contributed today, in particular my hon.
Friend  the Member for Cumbernauld and Kirkintilloch (Katrina Murray) , who spoke movingly about her experience of these matters.
My hon.
Friend the Member for Amber Valley spoke about the rich history of football.
The Bill addresses a clear and pressing issue: the growing problem of unauthorised access to football matches, particularly at high-profile fixtures.