We had a fantastic Second Reading debate.
There is tremendous interest in the Bill.
May I therefore make it clear at the outset that my amendments are designed to try to strengthen the Bill rather than anything else?
I explained my position to the hon.
Gentleman yesterday.
He said, understandably, that to a large extent he was constrained, because he was trying to negotiate with the Government and with the Department of Health and Social Care, and unless he showed himself to be reasonably compliant, he would not have got the Bill to a state where it could be accepted by the Government.
I note the different positions on this, and I fully understand and respect the hon.
Gentleman’s position.
The hon.
Member for Mitcham and Morden (Dame Siobhain McDonagh)  basically said that if she had introduced such a Bill, she would have got so steamed up about it that she would have included a lot more strength and safeguards, and as a consequence it probably would not have got anywhere near being considered on Report.
Those are two different approaches.
I am, relatively speaking, neutral on the matter—I am a sympathetic supporter of the Bill—but I have a lot of background  experience of how Governments always try to give themselves wriggle room, in effect to maintain control over everything, and in my view the Bill could be improved by being amended, with the will of the House, on Report.
We could talk about taking some of my amendments to the other place, but the trouble is that the Government machine may say that there will not be any more sitting Fridays in this House, so if the Bill were to be amended in the other place it might fall completely, because it would need to be brought back here.
That is why it is important that the House should consider these amendments now rather than leave them to the other place.
Amendment 1, which is to be read with amendment 2, is a prime example of the point I made earlier.
We have a commitment from the Government that:
“The Secretary of State must…carry out a review of the law relating to marketing authorisations for orphan medicinal products that are for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of cancer”—
great—
“and…prepare and publish a report setting out the conclusions of the review.”
But what is the timescale for that, and what will happen after those conclusions are produced?
There is no obligation on the Government to do anything else.
The review and its conclusions could be just left on one side.
We in the House are in a position to tighten those provisions up and say, “This is not good enough.
There should be a timetable for implementing the changes in the law recommended by the review.”
That is the essence of the two amendments.
To look at another gap that could be exploited by the Government, the Bill says that the report must be
“published before the end of the period of three years beginning with the day on which the Act is passed”.
I have tabled amendment 4 to say that the period should be two years.
In respect of both those points, I have had a helpful email from Diana Jupp from Pancreatic Cancer UK, who writes on behalf of more than 30 charities representing patients affected by rare and less common cancers.
She comments on my amendments.
On amendment 2, she says,
“We are keen to push for this change with the Department once we reach implementation stage of the Bill.”
With the greatest of respect to Diana Jupp, we can do this now.