In her report,  which spanned more than 100 pages, she emphasised the fact that much of the disorder was nothing to do with people coming in without tickets and tailgating; in fact, a lot of it was attributed to other failures to enforce the law, in particular the taking of drugs and alcohol on public transport in London, which is verboten, and the taking of drugs in the vicinity of a football match, which should also be forbidden but was allowed to proceed with impunity.
She also made the point that unlike at many football matches, what happened at Wembley was largely exacerbated by the inadequacy of the stewarding arrangements.
As a result of Baroness Casey’s report, the Home Office decided to bring forward this Bill.
However, nowhere could I find in the report any reference to the fact that Baroness Casey wanted to treat attempts to enter in exactly the same way as entering, which is why I have put forward these amendments.
There is no need to expand on that except to say that it is in common law.
Normally, an attempt to commit a criminal offence is an inchoate action, which can itself be the subject of criminal proceedings; in those circumstances, there would be no need to have this provision written into the Bill.
It seems to me that the provisions would create a penalty that is quite severe; it could affect people’s ability to go and watch football matches for many years into the future.
The presumption under the Bill—as you will know, Mr Speaker—is that if someone is guilty of an offence, they will be unable to go to football matches again as a spectator.
My assessment is that that is disproportionate and unnecessary.
For those reasons, I strongly oppose this aspect of the Bill, and seek through these amendments to remove references to “attempts”.
Amendment 6 is another example of where we need to try to tighten up private Members’ Bills when they are brought before this House, so that the Government do not have everything their own way.
Members will know that there are four other Bills to be debated on Report this morning.
All those other Bills have a commencement date, but clause 2(2) of this Bill says:
“This Act comes into force on such day as the Secretary of State may by regulations made by statutory instrument appoint.”
The question I ask is: why?
Why is that necessary?
Why can we not in this very simple Bill say that these provisions will come into effect either on the day of Royal Assent or within two months of that date?
That would be the norm.
What sometimes happens, of course, is that the Government give themselves powers and do all the talk about supporting Bills such as this, and then never bring forward the regulations.
The consequence of not having a specific timetable is that the ball is very much—to use that expression—in the Government’s court, because they can decide whether they will implement the provisions of this Bill, which has been put forward by the Home Office.
I hope that when the Minister responds to this debate, he will explain why the Bill has to be introduced by regulations on a date yet to be specified.
Of course, the making of regulations is in itself a further unnecessary administrative burden.
I would be interested to hear from the Minister as to why the Bill is being treated differently from the other Bills the Government are hoping will get through today.
I rise to thank  the hon.
Member for Christchurch (Sir Christopher Chope)  for his careful consideration of my Bill, although I am somewhat saddened by his suggestion that this is a trivial matter.
As he himself went on to say, we saw scenes at the Carabao cup final that were very troubling and warranted a full report from Baroness Casey.