I beg to move, That the House sit in private.
Question put forthwith ( Standing Order No.
163 ).
The House divided: Ayes 1, Noes 58.
Question accordingly negatived.
Consideration of Bill, not amended in the Public Bill Committee
Before we come to our proceedings, I remind Members of the difference between Report and Third Reading.
The scope of debate on Report is the  amendments I have selected.
The scope of the Third Reading debate to follow will be the whole Bill as it stands after Report.
Members may wish to consider those points before deciding at which stage, or stages, they want to try to catch my eye.
I beg to move amendment 1, page 1, line 6, leave out “or attempts to enter”.
With this it will be convenient to discuss the following:
Amendment 2, page 1, line 8, leave out “or attempted entry”.
Amendment 3, page 1, line 11, leave out “or attempting to enter”.
Amendment 4, page 1, line 13, leave out “or attempted to enter”.
Amendment 5, page 1, line 15, leave out “or attempted entry”.
Amendment 6, clause 2, page 2, line 3, leave out from “force” to end of line 4 and insert
“at the end of the period of 2 months beginning with the day on which it is passed.”.
Many people watching and observing proceedings in Parliament will wonder whether we have our priorities right.
The Bill is about unauthorised entry to football matches in particular circumstances, but I think most people are much more concerned about the proliferation of unauthorised entry into our very country, and the failure of the Home Office and its officials to do anything effective about it.
In my submission, the Bill is a trivialisation of legislation by Home Office officials who should be doing other things—but I will not dwell on that now, Mr Speaker.
The long title of the Bill states that its purpose is to
“Create an offence of unauthorised entry at football matches for which a football banning order can be imposed following conviction.”
However, it is about not just unauthorised entry but any attempt at unauthorised entry.
My amendments are designed to exclude from the Bill provisions relating to attempts to enter.
Such attempts are less important than actual unlawful entry, and to include them in the same category is disproportionate and unreasonable.
When we come on to debate other parts of the Bill on Third Reading, points can be made about the Bill more generally, but it seems to me that someone attempting to enter a football match without authorisation should not be subject to the same penalties, as set out in the Bill, as people who actually succeed in getting into a football match.
Actually,  11 July  is quite an interesting date.
On this very day four years ago the 2020 Euros final at Wembley stadium resulted in the unauthorised entry of thousands of fans, which caused a lot of disorder.
Baroness Casey, who is an expert on producing reports, was commissioned by the Football Association to look into that issue and come forward with recommendations.
In her report,  which spanned more than 100 pages, she emphasised the fact that much of the disorder was nothing to do with people coming in without tickets and tailgating; in fact, a lot of it was attributed to other failures to enforce the law, in particular the taking of drugs and alcohol on public transport in London, which is verboten, and the taking of drugs in the vicinity of a football match, which should also be forbidden but was allowed to proceed with impunity.
She also made the point that unlike at many football matches, what happened at Wembley was largely exacerbated by the inadequacy of the stewarding arrangements.
As a result of Baroness Casey’s report, the Home Office decided to bring forward this Bill.