The Home Office cannot even deal with that.
We are talking about extending its role in the belief that some magic new Bill will control unauthorised entry to football stadiums, when the Home Office cannot even control our country’s borders.
I am extremely sceptical about this piece of legislation.
It is a pity, in a sense, that the private Member’s Bill process is giving rise to this sort of legislation, which is—I return to the word I used earlier—relatively trivial compared with all the other problems with which this country is faced and with which this legislature should be dealing.
The hon.
Gentleman will correct me if I am wrong, but is he saying that the safety of those attending football matches and the likelihood of them being hurt and, in some cases, killed is a trivial matter?
There are already laws against killing people at football matches.
There are already laws against criminal damage.
There are already laws against violent behaviour.
I do not know whether the hon.
Lady has looked at Baroness Casey’s report on the incident at Wembley in 2021, but it says that the issue of tailgating highlighted by the hon.
Member for Amber Valley was not the only problem.
There was also lots of drunken behaviour—
indicated dissent.
The hon.
Lady is shaking her head, but that is in Baroness Casey’s report—she finds that there was a lot of drunken behaviour and evidence of drug taking.
Those are criminal offences.
The expression on the hon.
Lady’s face makes it seem as though either she believes that Baroness Casey’s findings were incorrect or she has some other reason for disagreeing with that.
I think that bringing the criminal law into this narrow and specific field when there are already a host of other criminal offences covering these issues is the wrong way forward, but I am obviously in the minority on that.
We will soon find out.
Of course I will give way.
I have no interest in intervening.
Pardon?
Order.
A discussion should not be taking place while colleagues are seated.
If  the hon.
Member for Sutton and Cheam (Luke Taylor)  says he has no interest in this Bill, then he does not have to attend.
I thought he was seeking to intervene, but he was not; he was wanting to make some sedentary remark.
I have put on the record my opposition to and scepticism about the contents of this Bill, and I will leave it at that.
I thank  the hon.
Member for Amber Valley (Linsey Farnsworth)  for bringing the Bill forward.
For many in this Chamber, the Euro 2020 final was a rollercoaster of ecstasy and disappointment, though I appreciate that certain Members from other parts of our United Kingdom may have felt a little less devastated at the result.
Beyond heartbreak on the pitch, the Euro 2020 final was a day that nearly ended in catastrophe.
Thousands of ticketless fans forced their way into Wembley, creating chaotic and dangerous scenes.
When disaster is so narrowly avoided, it is reasonable to ask whether anybody made a mistake.
Sadly, this was not a one-off incident.
Tailgating was reported again at both the 2024 champions league final and the 2025 league cup final.
Of the 91 arrests made on that day, 68 were related to fraud—people trying to get in without a ticket.
We heard from  the hon.
Member for Cumbernauld and Kirkintilloch (Katrina Murray)  about a particularly upsetting and fatal day.
These incidents put genuine fans at risk and erode the trust that is necessary to police events of this scale properly.
For many people in this country, a trip to the football is the highlight of their year.
For many families, it is a hard-earned outing or rare treat for their children—something they scrimp and save for.
What must they think when they see hooligans jump the barriers and get in for free?