Before we begin, I am sure that the House will wish to join me in sending our best wishes to Robert Gibbs, catering operations manager, who will be leaving the House of Commons service tomorrow after 25 years.
Robert was instrumental in setting up the catering operation in Portcullis House when it opened more than 20 years ago, and he has since been dedicated to his role in supporting the management of catering across the estate.
He recently stepped up as acting director of catering services, leading and supporting the whole team for the past two years.
I take this opportunity to thank Robert, on behalf of the whole House, for his 25 years of service, and to wish him well in the future.
Robert is a good man and we will miss him.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What steps he is taking to support small and medium cycle manufacturers.
Small and medium-sized bicycle manufacturers are important for our green growth ambitions.
Through the Government’s industrial and trade strategies, we are backing innovation, sustainability and skills development to help businesses, including cycle manufacturers, to scale up so that they can compete globally and continue driving forward the UK’s cycling economy.
I, too, wish Robert a happy next new adventure, Mr Speaker, and I wish Her Majesty the Queen a happy birthday.
The removal of anti-dumping duties on e-bikes from China has raised serious concerns for UK cycle manufacturers, which are mainly small and medium-sized businesses.
With similar duties on standard bikes and parts now under review, many UK manufacturers are worried about navigating the complex trade investigation process.
Will the Minister meet industry representatives to ensure that the voices of our small and medium-sized British cycling manufacturers are heard?
I associate myself with your statement, Mr Speaker, and with the comments of the hon.
Lady.
I recognise that there is concern about this issue among cycle manufacturers.
The hon.
Lady may be aware that some anti-dumping measures have been extended until 2029, but some have been lifted as a result of the work of the Trade Remedies Authority.
We are always happy to meet cycle manufacturers to discuss their concerns—whether it is with the hon.
Lady or directly with industry, I am very happy to ensure that such a meeting takes place.
I call the shadow Minister.
It is not just cycle manufacturers that are having to pedal hard to survive under this Government.
With business survey after business survey stating that tax is the biggest worry for business, will the Minister take this opportunity to assure businesses that the Chancellor will not be coming back to burden them with more in her Budget this autumn?
First, I commend the hon.
Lady for the humour in her question.
As she will recognise, this is Business and Trade Question Time, not Treasury Question Time, where tax measures are usually dealt with, but I am sure that the Treasury will note her comments.
I should perhaps point her to recent surveys of business confidence: the Lloyds Bank business barometer pointed out that business confidence is at a nine-year high.
I am sure she will be delighted by that news.
Well, except for the fact that the whole House will have heard that the Government are not prepared to rule out saddling cycle manufacturers and other businesses with more taxes this autumn.
Will the Minister at the very least assure the House that he and his fellow Business Ministers are making representations to the Treasury that businesses really cannot take any more tax rises?
I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for her suspicion that I have considerable influence with the Treasury.
We are always in discussions with Treasury colleagues, and indeed colleagues across Government, about what more we can do to support business.