On moving towards automated voter registration, which the hon.
Gentleman mentioned, we will carefully consider how we implement those changes to ensure they are done safely, and I look forward to working with colleagues on that.
We have retained the voter ID changes made under the previous Government, but we recognise that certain groups of legitimate voters, particularly disabled voters, were excluded.
We need to address that gap, and I know his party recognises that challenge, so we will ensure that we do not exclude legitimate voters.
I look forward to working with him on issues of common interest and agreement.
I call the Chair of the Housing, Communities and Local Government Committee.
I thank the Minister for the written statement and for her work behind the scenes.
We should welcome the opportunity for more people to be enfranchised.
We should be very clear that one person losing the right to vote at the ballot box is one person too many.
It is really important that we look at the issues around voter ID, and ensure more opportunities for people to have other forms of voter ID at the ballot box.
It is important that we enfranchise our young people to vote.
They participate in public life already, so they should also be entitled to vote.
It is really important to have system where it is easier to be registered to vote.
When you move home, before you have even unpacked you get a council tax bill—the council already has your details—so it is good that we are looking at a system to ensure people are registered to vote.
For far too long we have knocked on doors and people have said that they are interested but not registered to vote, so that is vital.
On ensuring candidates still feel safe, this is a big challenge and a threat to democracy.
Will my hon.
Friend outline what work she will be doing with the Electoral Commission on the intimidation and abuse faced by candidates?
Order.
We do need questions and answers to be short.
I thank my hon.
Friend for her questions; she does important work in her Committee.
The changes we are introducing will ensure that elected representatives,  candidates, campaigners and electoral staff, who play a unique role in our democracy, are properly protected.
We will give courts the power to increase sentences for those who are hostile to candidates.
An aggravated factor for intimidatory offence will be introduced, allowing courts to pass tougher sentences.
We will also remove the requirement to publish candidates’ addresses.
We will consult with the Crown Prosecution Service, the Sentencing Council and other judicial bodies.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
We are very pleased that the Government have published the strategy, many aspects of which have the support of the Liberal Democrats.
We have, for many years, championed votes at 16 and we are really glad that the Government have listened to those calls.
We also welcome the measures to tackle dark and illicit money in our politics, and the recent plans to introduce supplementary voting for mayoral elections.
However, I am concerned that the strategy shows nowhere near the kind of ambition that we need to fix a system of elections that has left large swathes of the public feeling like their vote simply does not count.
As Members across the House will know, last year’s general election turned out the most disproportionate result in history, with nearly 60% of people who voted not represented in Parliament by the candidate they voted for.
This opportunity cannot be wasted.
Will the Government go further?
Will they look at scrapping voter ID in its entirety?
Will they look at introducing further measures to ensure that foreign oligarchs such as Elon Musk are not able to interfere in British politics, including through party funding?
And will they finally scrap first past the post and introduce fair votes via proportional representation?
The hon.