I am grateful to the hon.
Lady for her suspicion that I have considerable influence with the Treasury.
We are always in discussions with Treasury colleagues, and indeed colleagues across Government, about what more we can do to support business.
Another indicator of improving business confidence is a survey by the American Express business barometer, which pointed out that almost three quarters of small and medium-sized enterprise bosses are confident about the future—again, up from last year.
What steps he is taking to support working families through the parental leave system.
Through our landmark Employment Rights Bill, we are making paternity leave and unpaid parental leave day one rights.
This aligns then with maternity and adoption leave.
But we are going further.
We have launched the parental leave review, fulfilling our manifesto commitment.
The review  will explore how the system can support working families and our modern economy.
It will assess the system against four key goals: supporting maternal health; boosting economic growth through increased labour market participation; enabling flexible, balanced childcare choices; and, of course, ensuring the best start in life for our children.
Improving our paternity leave offer will be good for parents, good for children and good for our economy.
I recently organised an event with Labour colleagues, the Union of Shop, Distributive and Allied Workers, and Dad Shift, where we heard from Tesco about the benefits that six weeks of fully paid paternity leave had brought to its business.
As part of the parental leave review, which I warmly welcome, will the Minister proactively reach out to businesses, such as Tesco, that are leading the way on paternity leave?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his efforts in this area, and indeed for highlighting the excellent work that some businesses are already doing, going further than the statutory minimum.
As we know, when it comes to supporting working parents, every little helps.
This review will be evidence based.
It will reflect and consider the views and experiences of those who engage with the parental leave and pay system.
I encourage all businesses to contribute to the call for evidence, which was launched earlier this month.
I can assure my hon.
Friend that I plan to engage constructively with businesses, including Tesco and business representatives, throughout the period of the review.
Hugh’s law would have brought in job protection and financial support for parents of children aged between 29 days and 16 years and guaranteed parental leave while those children were receiving palliative care.
The Government voted down an amendment last night to the Employment Rights Bill that would have brought that in.
This campaign has been fought by Ceri and Frances Menai-Davis, and many Government Back-Bench MPs have stood side by side with them through that campaign.
Why has the Minister turned his back on those parents and those children?
We are not turning our back on parents or children.
We are actually having the biggest expansion in workers’ rights and family-friendly policies that we have seen in a generation.
Clearly, we will not be able to satisfy every issue in this area, but that is the point of the review.
We are looking at the system in the round.
It needs improving and modernising and that is what we intend to do.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of the industrial strategy on north Wales.
I am delighted by the hugely positive response that the industrial strategy has received.
It is a plan to lift every part of the country, making it easier and quicker to do business and to invest.
For north Wales, with its formidable prowess in advanced manufacturing,  it is a very significant set of proposals.
The same is true for Wales as a whole, as I demonstrated on Monday at Port Talbot at the groundbreaking of the new electric arc furnace, which will get the enhanced supercharger discounted energy price.
I totally agree with my right hon.