I welcome this announcement, and I can only speculate about why the Conservatives did not decide to clean up party funding when they were in Government.
I want to echo some of the comments about proportional representation.
Personally, I feel that it is at the heart of many of the problems the country has faced in recent times.
I absolutely accept that proportional representation is not part of the Government’s proposals, but will the Minister keep an open mind and look at how other strong democracies around the world have been able to use PR to both strengthen their democracy and create a more collaborative political culture?
I refer my hon.
Friend to my previous answer on the Labour party’s position: the Government have no plans to change the electoral system.
He is of course right that we should always learn from international experience.
We are certainly doing that on a range of different agendas, including some of the themes of this strategy, and we will continue to do so.
The Prime Minister has previously talked about extending the franchise to include additional foreign nationals.
Will the Government take this opportunity to rule out ever extending the franchise to foreign nationals beyond existing rules?
The focus of this strategy is on eligible voters in this country.
The Minister will be aware that the Joint Committee on the National Security Strategy, which I chair, has been doing a lot of work on defending democracy.
I am sure we will welcome the proposals, particularly on illicit finance and cracking down on unincorporated associations.
I gently urge her to look closely at cryptocurrencies, which are clearly the currency of choice for criminals and rogue states.
For example, one individual has routed £13 million into political organisations in this country through such a currency.
My hon.
Friend is right to be concerned about new challenges in relation to crypto, and I refer him to my previous answer on this point.
We will look very closely at these issues to make sure that loopholes are closed, but I reassure him that the current powers cover donations through crypto and the changes we are making will also include crypto.
There is lots in the strategy that the Liberal Democrats and I welcome.
Could the Minister explain why there is a difference between Westminster elections and combined mayoral elections?
We know that the majority of the British public want to see the scrapping of first past the post, and we know from when we had a ten-minute rule Bill on this subject during this Parliament that the majority of Members in this place want to see the scrapping of first past the post—indeed, we know that a  majority of Labour Members want to see the scrapping of first past the post.
So why is there a difference between the different types of elections?
The hon.
Member may have critiques of the first-past-the-post system, but it provides a direct relationship between Members of the legislature and local constituencies, which is really important.
The Liberal Democrats, in coalition with the Conservatives for five years, had the opportunity to introduce a referendum, but they lost that referendum.
The supplementary voting system was implemented on the introduction of both mayoral and police and crime commissioner elections.
We believe that it is more appropriate for selecting single-person executives.
I declare a former interest as a lawyer specialising in election law.
I can say from that previous life that the previous Tory Government left our election law in an unfair and dangerous state: unfair in that they made it harder for people to vote, and dangerous in that they did nothing to prevent foreign actors from spending millions of pounds, roubles or dollars to interfere with our democracy.