I am sure he will have been pleased to see that Network Rail has awarded British Steel a contract worth £500 million.
We will continue to ensure that there is a long-term future for British Steel, and we will keep the House and himself updated to that effect.
The Government’s £500 million investment to support under-represented entrepreneurs was hugely welcomed by business leaders in my constituency, but access to capital is only part of the challenge.
Many still face entrenched barriers around networks, mentoring and market access.
Will the Minister set out  the steps that the Government are taking to ensure that that investment is complemented by wider reforms to break down any structural obstacles to scaling businesses in Milton Keynes and Buckinghamshire?
The Government-backed invest in women taskforce is addressing many of these issues through its ecosystem working group, which promotes better access to networks, to support and to procurement opportunities.
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right, though, to say that we need to go further.
The small business strategy will set out a range of further measures in that regard.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
May I start by paying tribute to Norman Tebbit?
He was a former Secretary of State for Trade and Industry and a great reformer who did a great deal to unleash growth in this country.
The only thing growing under this Government are the unemployment queues.
Today, the Office for National Statistics revealed that the number of payrolled employees has fallen by 180,000 over the last year and 40,000 in the last month alone.
Unemployment has been higher in every month since the Chancellor has been in office.
In the last hour, we have heard news of another 500 job losses at Jaguar Land Rover.
This is a great country with great people.
When the Secretary of State talks to businesses, what reason do they give to him for unemployment rising?
It is always nice to hear from the shadow Secretary of State.
First, as he knows, the Office for National Statistics workforce survey shows that the overall number of jobs is higher after a year of this Government than it would have been if the Conservatives had remained in government—there are 380,000 additional jobs.
He mentioned payroll jobs.
Of course, they are important; they are one key factor, as is wages, which, as he knows, have risen faster in the first 10 months of this Government than they did in the first 10 years of the previous Government.
Our productivity figures have also risen, and of course, we closely monitor the impacts of technology.
The shadow Secretary of State asked what businesses say to me.
They say that this Government have brought stability after the mini-Budget disaster, which he was a key part of.
They say that we have brought openness to the world and are navigating a difficult trading environment better than anyone else, and they recognise that our pro-business, pro-growth measures are delivering.
There was nothing like the list I just gave of problems after 14 years of the previous Government.
That answer was complacent and unsympathetic.
It is the most vulnerable—those looking for their first shot, their first chance—who pay the price of unemployment.
Let us start again.
Last night in the other place, the unemployment Bill was improved with sensible amendments to probation periods, a definition of seasonal workers that protects hospitality and agriculture, and provision  for a consultation about the impact on the smallest businesses.
Those measures have been proposed by employers, and by independent business groups such as the Confederation of British Industry, Make UK and the Federation of Small Businesses, who say that the Bill in its current form is deeply damaging.
If the Secretary of State will not shelve the Bill entirely, will he at least commit to accepting those entirely reasonable amendments?
The shadow Secretary of State talks about vulnerable people.