Friend’s area is one of the most exciting investment locations in the world—in clean energy opportunities, carbon capture and storage, and offshore wind, but also in creative and digital investment, chemicals production and steel.
Specific interventions for the Tees Valley include recommitting £160 million for its investment zone, enhanced support for the Teesside freeport for clean energy industries, and a lot of money for transport for city regions funding.
Of particular interest to businesses in his area will be the new British industrial competitiveness scheme, which will reduce electricity costs by £35 to £40 per megawatt-hour for many businesses in Teesside.
I am pleased that the Government have been listening to us and backing Teesside businesses with serious investment—I have been pushing for investment in clean power and advanced manufacturing.
Last year, the 2024 UK tech jobs report named Middlesbrough as the UK’s fastest-growing tech destination.
Will Ministers work with me to bring in investment in frontier technologies such as artificial intelligence to our region as well?
My hon.
Friend and his colleagues are incredible champions for bringing investment into the area, and I recognise and thank him for that support.
He is right to say that some of the perhaps more traditional industries, though very exciting for the future, are not just the only story in his area.
He has mentioned tech and the creative industries too, and I would say they are huge opportunities.
Specifically, our investment in skills to make sure that there is a pipeline of talent in every part of the country is a formidable and significant contribution to delivering on those opportunities.
I look forward to continuing to work with him on these issues.
What recent steps he has taken to support postmasters seeking redress for harm caused by faulty IT systems.
By the end of last month, approximately £1.1 billion had been paid in total redress to almost 8,000 claimants.
This represents a fourfold increase over the past 12 months, with more than 5,000 victims receiving compensation for the first time.
We have  also committed to extending redress to family members.
As the House knows, there is still much left to do, and we are considering carefully the recommendations that Sir Wyn Williams made last week in this regard.
I thank the Minister for his answer.
He will be aware of a Northumberland constituent of mine who was a victim of the faulty Horizon system, leading to her losing her job and her business and becoming a victim of abuse in her own community.
Despite my assistance, my constituent remains without an outcome to her claim.
Will the Minister please look into this case and ensure that her claim is progressed as quickly as possible, so that she can receive justice?
My hon.
Friend describes just one example of the terrible human impact that the Post Office scandal has had on many good people up and down our country who served their communities and who were treated unbelievably badly by the Post Office.
I will of course look into the case that my hon.
Friend has raised.
We are determined to do more to help not just her constituent but all those who are still waiting for compensation.
I thank the Minister and the Government for all they are doing in this area.
The frustration is that those who deserve compensation, having been traumatised physically, emotionally and financially, have waited many years for the redress that they should be getting.
There seems to be a delay for some who should be receiving the moneys now.
Indeed, they are now being told that it could be another three years before they will receive any money.
I genuinely urge the Minister and Government to make sure that people get the money ASAP—in other words, let us get it done this year.
I, and I suspect the whole House, share the hon.
Gentleman’s frustration.