The strategy also highlights foundational industries relevant to its eight sectors’ supply chains, including spotlighting critical minerals clusters in Cornwall.
It included the launch of a new UK Export Finance loan guarantee scheme for domestic suppliers selling critical minerals to UK exporters.
The upcoming 2025 critical minerals strategy will aim to secure a steady supply of minerals, optimising domestic resources and enhancing international collaboration.
As the Secretary of State mentions, with its vast renewable energy and critical mineral resources, Cornwall is uniquely positioned to become a key driver of UK economic growth.
Although the industrial strategy emphasises the role of mayoral strategic authorities and city regions, particularly in the north and midlands, does the Secretary of State agree that Cornwall’s immense industrial potential must not be overlooked, and can he reassure me that unleashing the Cornish Celtic tiger with the economic investment that we need is not contingent on joining a mayoral combined authority?
I can give my hon.
Friend that assurance.
I was dismayed this morning to wake up and hear the Reform party actively arguing for less investment  in Britain and telling businesses they should not invest in the UK.
I find that absolutely absurd.
There are a whole range of tools for local areas to shape their economies in the industrial strategy.
Some relate to mayors, but many do not.
It has the mix of tools that is required to unleash the potential of every part of the country, including his own.
Further to that very encouraging response from the Secretary of State, does he acknowledge that Cornwall is the poorest region in the United Kingdom?
It has great opportunities, as  the hon.
Member for Camborne and Redruth (Perran Moon)  pointed out, but it has been hampered since losing the highest level of EU structural aid.
If we are going to take the opportunities and overcome the challenges that Cornwall faces, would the Secretary of State be prepared to meet the hon.
Member for Camborne and Redruth, me and other Cornish Members to establish a bespoke strategy for Cornwall to drive the private and public investment needed?
First, let me say that, as someone who used to spend their family holidays in Cornwall, I must protest: I have had two questions from Cornish colleagues and not a single invite to visit Cornwall over the summer holidays.
I really think that is unacceptable.
The economic history of Cornwall is particularly interesting—I have had this discussion with my hon.
Friend  the Member for Camborne and Redruth (Perran Moon) —and I recognise some of the specific issues that  the hon.
Member for St Ives (Andrew George)  has identified there.
Of course, I am always willing to meet him, either in Cornwall or here in Parliament, to have that discussion.
I believe there are key parts of the industrial strategy that will deliver the opportunities and the tools required to unleash what both colleagues are trying to achieve.
What steps he is taking to support independent retailers.
We have frozen the small business multiplier for 2025-26, protecting over 1 million ratepayers from bill increases, and we are creating a fairer business rates system that protects the high street and supports investment.
Our forthcoming SME strategy will set out further plans to help businesses on the high street and beyond.
In Corby and East Northamptonshire, retail and wholesale jobs account for the largest share of employment, supporting thousands of jobs.
Will the Minister confirm that, unlike the last Tory Government, which promised to reform business rates but did absolutely nothing, this Labour Government are committed to delivering a fairer business rates system to support the vibrant high streets that our communities deserve?
I know that Northamptonshire has a thriving retail and wholesale sector, and I commend my hon.
Friend for championing the jobs and businesses in his constituency.
He rightly says that the Conservatives  promised to reform business rates.