Will they look at introducing further measures to ensure that foreign oligarchs such as Elon Musk are not able to interfere in British politics, including through party funding?
And will they finally scrap first past the post and introduce fair votes via proportional representation?
The hon.
Lady has a lot of questions.
The Government have no plans to change the electoral system for UK parliamentary and local elections.
Her party, in the coalition Government, had the opportunity, through a referendum, to campaign and institute the appropriate changes.
Our focus is on ensuring we address the manifesto commitments we made, including a voting age of 16.
I am grateful to her and her party for their support.
We are also taking action to tackle illicit finance and foreign interference.
I very much hope that she and her colleagues will work with us on that very important agenda.
I declare an interest as a member of the Speaker’s Conference, which is looking at the security of MPs, candidates and elections.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that a wide number of behaviours in our democratic system are intimidating candidates and, indeed, Members of this House, and that that is detrimental to our values and democracy?
Will she expand on the measures in the strategy that will seek to alleviate those very serious problems?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
In the 15 years I have been a Member of Parliament, we have seen a rise in hatred and hostility towards candidates and elected officials, and have sadly faced the loss of our dear colleagues, Jo Cox and Sir David Amess.
This Government are determined to ensure that elected representatives,  candidates and election officials are protected, because this trend is having a devastating chilling effect on our democracy.
We need to work together to protect our democracy while protecting freedom of speech.
I would be happy to speak to my hon.
Friend on the specific proposals as we proceed with their implementation.
I thank the Minister for her statement, but I have not heard her say anything about the work of the boundary commissions for local government and constituencies.
I think they should form part of this discussion, particularly to ensure that constituencies can be made up of genuine communities by getting rid of the pointless rule that a constituency cannot go beyond a certain region.
Areas of Essex near my constituency, for instance, cannot be included within Romford, which only goes into London.
Similarly, local council wards would surely be better if they were one-member wards, whereby they could be like mini-constituencies looking after a particular community.
Would that not be a better way forward, and would the Minister consider it as part of the review?
The hon.
Gentleman will understand the process and work of the boundary commissions.
This strategy is focused on the themes that I spoke to earlier, and that is what we will be focusing on.
As the chair of the all-party parliamentary group for fair elections, I warmly welcome this policy paper.
I think my hon.
Friend the Minister and I were much more poorly equipped to vote when we were 18 than today’s 16-year-olds, so I warmly welcome that measure.
I also welcome the English Devolution and Community Empowerment Bill, introduced last week, with the Government saying that first past the post
“can lead to individuals being elected with only a small proportion of the total votes cast”,
and that Mayors and police and crime commissioners
“should be elected with a greater consensus among their electors.”
The Government have also claimed that this change will give the local electorate an “increased voice” and will
“better support the democratic mandate of people elected to such positions”.
Given the flawed nature of first past the post, will the Minister consider also reviewing the system for elections to this place?
I am grateful to my hon.
Friend for his work with the APPG.