I gently say that the difficult decisions the Chancellor of the Exchequer had to take in the Budget last year were a direct result of the £22 billion black hole left to us by the Conservatives.
Our small business strategy will set out further measures that we will take to have the back of British entrepreneurs.
That answer is simply not good enough for the 63% of employees in the hospitality sector whose jobs are on the line.
Yet we now read in the press that the Government appear set on forcing restaurateurs to monitor customers’ calorie consumption—another crippling blow of red tape on top of national insurance hikes, minimum wage hikes and the regulatory firestorm of the Employment Rights Bill.
Jeremy Clarkson is not wrong when he says that the Chancellor is
“using a machine gun on publicans.”
Can the Minister really look hospitality SMEs on our high streets and beyond in the eye and say that this is somehow good for business?
One reason the hon.
Gentleman’s party lost the confidence of business is that it promised many, many times that it would reform business rates and never did.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer has set out our commitment to permanently lower business rates for the hospitality sector—we have already taken steps in that regard—and she will set out our plans to do even more.
That is one way in which we are backing up our commitment to SMEs in the hospitality sector and more generally.
What steps his Department is taking to ensure that SMEs in Buckingham and Bletchley constituency can access capital and export finance as part of the UK’s recent trade agreements.
On  26 June , the Department published our trade strategy, announcing the expansion of UK Export Finance’s capacity to £80 billion.
We also  announced measures to give smaller firms, including those in Buckingham and Bletchley, better access to export protection insurance.
The significant increase in the capacity of the British Business Bank will also help to improve access to capital for SMEs, including, potentially, in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
Innovative high-growth companies, such as Envisics in Bletchley, are developing and exporting world-leading technology-driven products but face difficulties securing the domestic capital needed to scale up.
Too often, overseas investors and, sometimes, Governments, offer both finance and other incentives for them to relocate.
Will the Minister set out in more detail how his Department is working across Whitehall to ensure that domestic financial institutions, including Government-backed entities, are helping companies like Envisics to firmly anchor their innovations here in the UK?
We heard during our SME consultation that one of the biggest issues facing small and medium-sized businesses that want to scale up relates to access to finance.
Indeed, since 2011, the stock of bank lending to SMEs relative to GDP has fallen by around 50%, which graphically demonstrates the significance of my hon.
Friend’s point.
We have been working closely with Treasury colleagues in particular, and when we launched the industrial strategy, we also launched a funding arrangement for the British Business Bank that will provide £4 billion of capital to our high-growth innovative businesses to ensure that they remain anchored in the UK and are able to scale up here.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of the industrial strategy on Cornwall.
As we have heard, the industrial strategy is a plan to lift every part of the country, and it specifically recognises clean energy opportunities for offshore wind and nuclear in the great south-west.
The strategy also highlights foundational industries relevant to its eight sectors’ supply chains, including spotlighting critical minerals clusters in Cornwall.
It included the launch of a new UK Export Finance loan guarantee scheme for domestic suppliers selling critical minerals to UK exporters.
The upcoming 2025 critical minerals strategy will aim to secure a steady supply of minerals, optimising domestic resources and enhancing international collaboration.