I genuinely urge the Minister and Government to make sure that people get the money ASAP—in other words, let us get it done this year.
I, and I suspect the whole House, share the hon.
Gentleman’s frustration.
There were many opportunities to stop the Post Office scandal, and compensation should have been paid out to all the victims a long time ago.
We have quadrupled the amount of compensation paid out in the past 12 months, and 5,000 victims who had not received compensation 12 months ago have now done so.
Is that good enough?
Of course not; there is a lot more to do, and the recommendations that Sir Wyn Williams made last week are helpful in that regard.
What progress his Department has made on implementing recent trade agreements.
The UK continues to make progress across its trade agreements programme to bring prosperity to communities across the country.
On  30 June , for the US, we implemented legislation creating two new quotas for imports of beef and ethanol, and the US removed tariffs on UK civilian aerospace goods and reduced tariffs on UK auto as agreed in the UK-US economic deal that we announced back in May.
One of the businesses that stands to benefit from the EU trade agreement is a butcher and deli in my constituency that imports a lot of its products from Spain.
At the moment, its shelves are unfortunately half-empty because its small Spanish supplier—effectively a man with a van—says he simply cannot cope with all the Brexit form filling.
However, he has said that he expects things to get better from later this year thanks to the Government’s deal with the EU, which is great news.
Will the Minister set out what steps are being taken to implement the removal of the Brexit red tape of sanitary and phytosanitary checks, including the likely timetable?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
I express my regret that that business, like so many across the country, finds itself buried in red tape as a consequence of the implementation of Brexit by the Conservative party.
There are technical aspects of our agreement with the European Union that need to be worked through, but businesses across the country, such as the butchers and deli he described, will be willing us on in that endeavour.
When is a trade deal not a trade deal?
It has been nine weeks since the Prime Minister announced a deal to protect steel from US tariffs, and 10 weeks since the Secretary of State said that the India deal was “signed, sealed and delivered.”
Will the Secretary of State publish the details of these important deals without delay before recess, or will he apologise for misleading the House?
Order.
We do not accuse other Members of misleading the House.
A little word before that—“inadvertently”—would support that question.
No doubt the hon.
Member will wish to withdraw that.
indicated assent.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
I am struggling to keep up with the Conservative party’s position as to whether deals have been done.
As I recollect, 34,000 workers in Jaguar Land Rover know exactly the difference that a Labour Government are making, given the challenge they would have faced with more than 25% tariffs had it not been for the work of the Prime Minister and the Business Secretary.
But that is only one sector of the economy.
In relation to steel and aluminium, of which the hon.
Member spoke, we are continuing to work with the United States to ensure that the agreement to remove 25% tariffs on UK steel and aluminium can be implemented as soon as possible, but we are unique in the level of tariffs set compared with every other country in the world.
May I thank the Secretary of State for meeting regularly with me and my colleagues regarding the challenges facing the ceramics industry?