If my hon.
Friend has particular examples of businesses that want to make representations, I am sure that we as a ministerial team would want to hear from them.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
The Liberal Democrats welcome the plans in the recently announced industrial strategy to reduce some of the world’s highest industrial energy prices.
However, businesses across the UK, especially in hospitality and on our high streets, are still struggling with unaffordable energy costs.
What steps is the Secretary of State taking to ensure that small businesses can benefit from more sustainable pricing?
Will he encourage his Cabinet colleagues to consider proposals set out by the Liberal Democrats yesterday to break the link between gas prices and energy costs, which would halve energy bills in a decade, so that people and businesses across the country can enjoy the true benefits of cheap, clean and renewable power?
I have to apologise to the hon.
Lady, because I have not yet seen the Liberal Democrats’ policy proposals, but I look forward to that treat over the summer.
I am grateful to her for backing our plans on energy  costs.
We are supporting a pilot in the west midlands to help SMEs to reduce their energy costs.
It offers full energy audits and funding to implement measures that can bring down energy costs.
The scheme seems to be working well, and we have recently extended it.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
This has been a year of real achievement for the Department for Business and Trade.
From holding our record-breaking international investment summit, which saw £63 billion committed to the UK, to intervening decisively to save British Steel’s Scunthorpe site and all the shipyards at Harland and Wolff, we have safeguarded thousands of jobs.
We have reformed the Competition and Markets Authority, changed the zero emission vehicle mandate, altered the remit of the Low Pay Commission and introduced the Employment Rights Bill.
We have quadrupled compensation payments to victims of the Horizon scandal.
We have agreed trade deals with India, the EU and the US and published a comprehensive trade strategy to help us to secure greater access to global markets for British business.
We have brought forward our industrial strategy, and last week a survey by Deloitte found that Britain has become the most attractive place to invest in the world.
We are delivering this Government’s plan for change, putting money into people’s pockets, driving growth and kickstarting a decade of national renewal.
The Secretary of State has tried to paint a glowing picture of what is happening, but I can tell him that in northern Lincolnshire there are growing concerns.
There have been a number of business failures in the last few weeks in the Grimsby and Immingham areas, and he will be aware of the threat to hundreds of jobs at the Prax oil refinery.
All that makes it even more important that the Scunthorpe steelworks has a long-term future.
Can he update the House on the state of things at Scunthorpe?
I am always keen to update the hon.
Member and colleagues on the situation with British Steel.
We have cancelled the redundancy consultation and removed the immediate risk to 2,700 jobs.
We have taken on new apprentices and invested significantly in improving health and safety on the site.
We have provided significant working capital—that does not take into account yet the future revenue that will come.
I am sure he will have been pleased to see that Network Rail has awarded British Steel a contract worth £500 million.
We will continue to ensure that there is a long-term future for British Steel, and we will keep the House and himself updated to that effect.
The Government’s £500 million investment to support under-represented entrepreneurs was hugely welcomed by business leaders in my constituency, but access to capital is only part of the challenge.