Gentleman mentions.
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State announced our plans for a business growth service to make it much easier for businesses to get the advice they need on how they can start up and scale up.
The Chancellor set out in the spending review a two-thirds increase in the capacity of the British Business Bank, which will make it a lot easier for businesses to access the finance they need to start up and scale up.
As many hospitality businesses continue to point out the significant crime and antisocial behaviour in town centres, the extra police officers that we have recruited, and our commitment to recruit still more, will make it easier to bear down on shoplifting and other antisocial behaviour.
Labour-led West Suffolk district council now charges cafés and restaurants £500 for pavement licences for tables and chairs in front of their premises.
Their justification for the cost is that the process for granting a pavement licence is more complex than it may initially appear as it involves a number of checks with highways authorities, the police and counter-terrorism advisers.
Will the Minister look at pavement licences as an example of where we can deregulate?
The hon.
Gentleman makes an interesting point about what further measures we can take to bear down on the cost of regulation for small businesses.
It is one reason the Chancellor set up a licensing taskforce that has brought forward a series of recommendations and will shortly publish its conclusions, which the Government will respond to quickly.
We are absolutely determined to do what we can to bear down on the cost of regulation for SMEs.
I refer the House to my registered interest as a small business owner.
Retailers in my constituency, including city centre retailers, tell me that they are on their knees, crippled by soaring costs, rising national insurance contributions, rising antisocial behaviour, expensive and poor parking, and a lack of any city centre regeneration.
These long-standing independent businesses—the lifeblood of our community—are now considering closure.
Has the Minister considered their clear ask, which is reducing or freezing business rates, and having affordable and accessible parking and community-focused events to revive our high streets?
One measure that the hon.
Gentleman referenced was business rates.
As I said in answer to previous questions, we are determined to introduce permanently lower business rates for the retail sector for businesses with properties under a value of £500,000.
I hope that will make a difference to businesses not only in Leicester in his constituency, but more generally across the country.
I call the shadow Minister.
At the heart of every high street are wonderful hospitality SMEs—pubs, cafés, restaurants, bars and coffee shops—yet the 2024 Budget was a hammer blow to them.
With £3.4 billion of extra costs, one in 10 restaurants faces closure this year.
Indeed, Labour’s Budget has already cost hospitality 69,000 jobs.
For context, in the same period the previous year, hospitality created 18,000 new jobs.
Can the Minister assure the House that businesses that are hanging on by a thread will not face a hard landing this winter?
The hon.
Gentleman is one of those Conservative Front Benchers who have yet to tell us, if they do not like the increase in national insurance contributions, how they would pay for the extra investment in hospitals, schools and our police force.
I gently say that the difficult decisions the Chancellor of the Exchequer had to take in the Budget last year were a direct result of the £22 billion black hole left to us by the Conservatives.
Our small business strategy will set out further measures that we will take to have the back of British entrepreneurs.
That answer is simply not good enough for the 63% of employees in the hospitality sector whose jobs are on the line.