For north Wales, with its formidable prowess in advanced manufacturing,  it is a very significant set of proposals.
The same is true for Wales as a whole, as I demonstrated on Monday at Port Talbot at the groundbreaking of the new electric arc furnace, which will get the enhanced supercharger discounted energy price.
I totally agree with my right hon.
Friend; this Government’s industrial strategy backs businesses in Wales not just with words, but with action and billions of pounds of investment over the next decade.
In Wrexham, we are fortunate to have fantastic businesses, such as Kellogg’s and Hydro Aluminium among others, which have exciting ambitions for high-tech expansion.
One barrier that needs to be overcome is sufficient power supply to the industrial and trading estates where they are based.
Will the Secretary of State please update me on how the strategic sites accelerator will support them in doing so and the proposed timeline for its implementation?
I thank my hon.
Friend warmly for his question.
I am excited about this.
The strategic sites accelerator will prepare and accelerate sites for development by using Government tools, such as land acquisition, planning certainty and infrastructure support, to overcome existing barriers to investment on sites.
It is designed to create jobs, to attract investment and to support our industrial and net zero priorities.
It will work alongside other initiatives such as the connections accelerator service, which will streamline grid connections for major investment projects.
It is about going faster, being bigger and being more ambitious for new investments, such as those that could come to my hon.
Friend’s area.
I can tell him that the Office for Investment is working jointly with the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government and Ofgem to take this vital work forward.
I expect capital to be deployed initially under this programme in 2026-27.
If he will suspend the export of UK-produced F-35 components to Israel.
I am conscious of the hon.
Member’s long-standing interest in these matters.
I can assure him that exports of F-35 components directly to Israel are already suspended where they are for use by Israel and not for re-export to other countries.
Our strategic export licensing criteria state specifically that licences should not be granted where there is
“a clear risk that the items might be used to commit or facilitate a serious violation of international humanitarian law.”
Given that the courts have sent this question back to Parliament, does the Minister accept that Israel is committing breaches of international humanitarian law; does he accept that the export of F-35 components is aiding in the commission of these wrongful acts; and if he maintains that we are not in breach of our own arms export laws, will he explain on the Floor of this House the basis for how he thinks we are compliant with our own laws?
The F-35 programme is the largest international collaborative defence programme in the world.
The hon.
Gentleman refers to the recent High Court judgment, and as the High Court itself noted, the UK cannot make changes to the F-35 programme unilaterally—that requires agreement across all the partner nations and the availability of a workable programme-level change to isolate end users across thousands of different components.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of the industrial strategy on Teesside.
My hon.
Friend’s area is one of the most exciting investment locations in the world—in clean energy opportunities, carbon capture and storage, and offshore wind, but also in creative and digital investment, chemicals production and steel.
Specific interventions for the Tees Valley include recommitting £160 million for its investment zone, enhanced support for the Teesside freeport for clean energy industries, and a lot of money for transport for city regions funding.
Of particular interest to businesses in his area will be the new British industrial competitiveness scheme, which will reduce electricity costs by £35 to £40 per megawatt-hour for many businesses in Teesside.