In relation to steel and aluminium, of which the hon.
Member spoke, we are continuing to work with the United States to ensure that the agreement to remove 25% tariffs on UK steel and aluminium can be implemented as soon as possible, but we are unique in the level of tariffs set compared with every other country in the world.
May I thank the Secretary of State for meeting regularly with me and my colleagues regarding the challenges facing the ceramics industry?
I look forward to continuing to work with him to seek solutions for the challenges we face.
What assessment has the Department made of the potential impact of its trade strategy on British businesses, and in particular the ceramics industry?
I saw that the general secretary of the GMB was focused on exactly those issues in relation to the ceramics industry this week, and I applaud the  concern he has shown for a key part of many local economies across the country.
I assure my hon.
Friend that we have given regard to every sector of the UK economy when negotiating the three trade deals secured by the Government—with the United States, as we just discussed, as well as with the European Union and, critically, with India.
The United Kingdom Internal Market Act 2020 is a restrictive piece of legislation that centralises power to the UK Government and allows them to override the Scottish Parliament.
Yesterday, the Labour Government confirmed they would not repeal or amend that Tory Act.
Indeed, the Secretary of State for Scotland previously said that the Act was “bad and damaging” and undermined devolution, and the Business and Trade Secretary voted against it when in opposition.
Will the Business and Trade Secretary confirm whether he would vote against it again now?
Does he agree with the Secretary of State for Scotland that this Tory Act is an attack on the integrity of the Scottish Parliament?
Well, well, well; the grievance machine is being fired up again by the Scottish National party, even at the last Business and Trade questions.
The reality is that the changes made to the United Kingdom Internal Market Act are proportionate, targeted and focused critically on supporting the many Scottish businesses that contributed to the consultation.
I respectfully suggest to the hon.
Gentleman that he should listen to Scottish business, which disproportionately benefits from the removal of barriers and the avoidance of new barriers going up in the critical single market that is the United Kingdom.
What steps he is taking to support high street SMEs.
What steps he is taking to support high street businesses.
What steps he is taking to support high street businesses.
To breathe life back into Britain’s high streets, we are addressing antisocial behaviour and crime, rolling out banking hubs, stamping out late payments, establishing a licensing taskforce, empowering communities to fill vacant properties and reforming the business rates system.
There is more to do and our forthcoming small and medium enterprise strategy will set out further steps.
Warrington South is home to brilliant businesses such as Gourmand!,
an award-winning French café, Mamars, a wonderful artisan bakery and deli, Hideout, which serves the best piña colada in Warrington —apparently—and the soon-to-open Zak’s Shack, a new parent and child-focused café in Stockton Heath.
Such businesses are the beating heart of our town, built by local entrepreneurs who serve the community they  love.
However, set-up costs, business rates and other barriers make it harder for them to operate.
Will the Minister outline how the Department specifically supports the independent hospitality and food retail sector?
My hon.
Friend makes Warrington sound like a particularly attractive place for a Business Minister to visit, so if she does not mind, I will add that to the list of places that I am keen to visit.
Independent businesses, as she rightly says, play an important role in supporting local growth and community cohesion.