Those measures have been proposed by employers, and by independent business groups such as the Confederation of British Industry, Make UK and the Federation of Small Businesses, who say that the Bill in its current form is deeply damaging.
If the Secretary of State will not shelve the Bill entirely, will he at least commit to accepting those entirely reasonable amendments?
The shadow Secretary of State talks about vulnerable people.
Which Government left one in eight young people not in education, employment or training, while net immigration hit 1 million?
It was absolutely shameful, and we will take no lessons from Conservative Members.
He talks about tackling barriers; who gave us the highest industrial energy prices in the developed world?
The Conservative party.
Who is dealing with that?
Who has put millions into skills and training, finance, and the tools that local areas need?
Those are the things that businesses want.
The shadow Secretary of State also talks about the Employment Rights Bill.
I regret the Conservatives’ knee-jerk ideological opposition to it; they could have been pragmatic.
The Bill was a manifesto commitment, and we will deliver our manifesto commitments in full.
There are issues on which we have to get the balance right, such as probation periods and the future monitoring of zero-hours contracts, and the commitment is of course real.
Pragmatic engagement would have been a more constructive way forward than this knee-jerk ideological opposition.
The Business and Trade Committee’s inquiry on small business is still open for evidence from Members from across the House.
On Tuesday, we took evidence from the chief executive of Ofgem, who made it perfectly clear that a complete collapse of regulation in the years after covid led to thousands of businesses across our country paying higher energy bills than they needed to.
Can the Secretary of State assure the House that the small business strategy, when published, will contain a strategy for bearing down on the energy rip-off that is challenging small businesses across our country?
I am always grateful to the Chair of the Select Committee for his helpful and pragmatic work and engagement.
I recognise the issue that he has highlighted.
A lot of small businesses were locked into uncompetitive contracts after covid, and the legacy of that has been very difficult.
Of course, we will always look at measures to address that.
Fundamentally, we must break the link that means that gas sets the price of electricity in the UK.
There are no shortcuts to that; we have to get enough clean energy on to the system to make that possible, which is exactly what the Government are doing.
On Monday, Tina McKenzie, the policy chair of the Federation of Small Businesses, said:
“For the first time in the history of the Small Business Index more small businesses are predicting they will shrink than expand, meaning that as a country we are potentially facing a very dangerous situation.”
I have listened carefully to what the Economic Secretary to the Treasury has said about the concierge service, which I welcome, and have seen the Leeds reforms this week, much of which I welcome.
However, will the Minister respond to that stark warning from a very credible source of information?
I have a high regard for Tina McKenzie and the Federation of Small Businesses more generally, and we have been working extremely closely with them on thinking through what measures should be in the small business strategy to help businesses start up, scale up and thrive more generally.
I gently point the right hon.
Gentleman to the slightly more positive picture painted by the fact that the bosses of small and medium-sized enterprises have more confidence.
We will continue to talk to the Federation of Small Businesses, and will do so in a lot more detail.