I know that Northamptonshire has a thriving retail and wholesale sector, and I commend my hon.
Friend for championing the jobs and businesses in his constituency.
He rightly says that the Conservatives  promised to reform business rates.
What he did not say was that they promised many times to reform business rates and never did so.
We have committed to permanently lower business rates for retail, hospitality and leisure businesses.
The Government are committed to publishing soon an interim report that sets out further details on the direction of travel, and confirmation of our plans will come at the autumn Budget.
I recently met the owners of Bababing in my constituency, who have opened up new premises in Keighley.
They want to grow and expand as quickly as possible, but they told me that this Government are stifling business growth for not only Bababing but many other SMEs across the country due to the decisions they made in the Budget last year to increase employer national insurance and the minimum wage, and the Employment Rights Bill, which is coming down the line.
Do the Government recognise that they are stifling growth, and if so, what are they doing about it?
I welcome the establishment of Bababing in the hon.
Member’s constituency.
I recognise that difficult decisions had to be taken in the Budget.
I am sure he has pointed out to the owners of Bababing that those difficult decisions were taken as a direct result of the £22 billion black hole that his party left us to tackle.
Our small business strategy will set out a range of measures we are taking to support businesses, which I hope will help Bababing and other businesses in his constituency.
What steps he is taking to support the hospitality sector.
What steps he is taking to support the hospitality sector.
We recognise the vital role hospitality plays in driving growth and strengthening all our communities.
That is why we have committed to permanently lower business rates for the sector from 2026-27 and announced a hospitality fund to co-invest in projects that boost productivity and help community pubs adapt to local needs.
It is also why we have launched an industry-led licensing taskforce to reduce red tape and other barriers.
I regularly meet the Harrogate business improvement district and the chamber of commerce, and we have a thriving hospitality and tourism sector in Harrogate and Knaresborough.
I recently met Alison, a constituent who runs a number of local bars and restaurants, and she is worried that with the increase in employer NICs, rising energy costs and the other pressures that this Government are not getting to grips with, businesses like hers will not be there to see the benefits of business rates reform.
What is the Minister doing with Treasury colleagues to support local hospitality?
One of the most important measures that will help the hospitality sector is business rates reform.
We have set out our commitment to do that, and we are working with all the different parts of the business community, including the hospitality sector, to get our reform proposals right.
As I alluded to in a previous answer, we will publish an interim report giving more detail of our thinking on business rates reform, and the Chancellor of the Exchequer will confirm our plans in the Budget later this year.
I hope the Minister will join me in thanking all the hard-working hospitality staff who are about to have a very busy summer, particularly in Edinburgh West, where they are about to be immersed in the Edinburgh international festival, to which the Minister and the Secretary of State—all the Ministers, in fact—are, of course, invited.
We are very hospitable in Edinburgh.
The hospitality industry is worth £198 million to my constituency, but businesses are suffering because of the national insurance changes, and in Scotland we will not benefit from business rates reform.