My hon.
Friend makes Warrington sound like a particularly attractive place for a Business Minister to visit, so if she does not mind, I will add that to the list of places that I am keen to visit.
Independent businesses, as she rightly says, play an important role in supporting local growth and community cohesion.
We plan to introduce permanently lower business rates for retail hospitality and leisure properties with a rateable value of under £500,000 and we have introduced a hospitality support scheme to co-fund projects that aim to help those furthest from the job market into employment and to boost productivity.
I think that will help many of the businesses in her constituency.
When I am out and about in my constituency, I am always impressed by the dedication of staff and small business owners who bring our high streets to life.
Places such as Blaydon’s Precinct and Consett’s Middle Street are at the heart of local pride and identity, but after years of austerity and a cost of living crisis, empty shops and the loss of vital amenities such as banks have taken a toll, especially in the north-east.
What are the Government doing to support local businesses and revitalise high streets such as those?
Before I had heard about the attractions of Warrington, I had heard about those of Consett.
I was pleased to visit my hon.
Friend’s constituency and meet many of the great businesses there just before Christmas.
We have introduced measures to fill empty properties, including high-street rental auction powers for councils, which can free up space for new businesses.
We are also protecting vital services on the high street through the roll-out of banking hubs, with 170 opened so far.
This week, we published our Green Paper on the future of the Post Office, which sets out our plans to do even more to provide banking services on high streets, which, again, I hope will help to bring more footfall on to the high street and help businesses such as the ones that she knows only too well.
In the last Budget, the Government committed to a fairer business rates system that protects the high street.
Making sure online retailers pay a fair share of rates will help support businesses on the high street in Sunderland.
Will the Minister update the House on the engagement and design work that his Department are carrying out so that that new fairer system can be announced in the Budget?
The Chancellor announced last year that from the next financial year, 2026-27, we intend to introduce permanently lower tax rates for retail hospitality and leisure properties.
A permanent tax cut will ensure that those businesses will benefit from much-needed certainty and support.
Treasury colleagues have been engaging businesses on their proposals for a fairer business rates system.
The Government plan to publish an interim report on their work and more detail will also be set out in the Budget in the autumn.
Small independent businesses like Kitchen Croxley in my constituency have suggested that, to counter this Government’s national insurance contribution increases, they will need to serve cold coffee and replace staff with touchscreens just to afford to stay open.
What will the Minister do to ensure that small businesses are encouraged to grow, rather than being punished for being entrepreneurial, so that local bakeries like Kitchen Croxley can keep serving us cake and coffee?
We have taken a range of measures to support businesses such as the one the hon.
Gentleman mentions.
My right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State announced our plans for a business growth service to make it much easier for businesses to get the advice they need on how they can start up and scale up.