They have no role in British politics.
Will the Minister confirm that the elections Bill will ban cryptocurrency donations?
I am grateful to my right hon.
Friend for his work in this area through his Committee and for raising these issues.
There are already a number of rules  in place on political donations and they must be abided by, regardless of the type of donations made—including cryptocurrency donations.
Our reforms of political finance to further strengthen our democracy will also apply to all donations, including those in cryptocurrency.
Democracy is fragile and, here in the United Kingdom, our democracy is strongly in the crosshairs of nefarious states including Russia and China, which do not share our values.
We are seeing increasing activity online, particularly to distort the outcome of elections, via platforms including TikTok, which have links to communist regimes in China.
Can the Minister update the House on what steps are being taken in particular to protect our democracy from misinformation that vehemently seeks to distort the outcome of elections?
I thank the hon.
Gentleman for that important question.
He will be aware that the defending democracy taskforce is leading the work on a range of issues—including, of course, in relation to the points that he has made.
We are taking action to bear down on those issues, with a cross-Government approach.
The Online Safety Act 2023 is important in relation to some of the points that he has made.
As I have pointed out, we are also aware of the dangers of foreign interference and foreign state actors, and these reforms are really important to protect the integrity of our system and our democracy.
As a member of the Speaker’s Conference, I have heard evidence that has shocked me to my core, so I know how much needed these reforms are.
This week I have held my first summer school with 16 and 17-year-olds this week.
Twenty of them have been learning about how they can make a change not only in their community, but in the country they live in.
Does the Minister agree that they deserve to have their voices heard at the ballot box, too?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her work to support young people to participate in our democracy.
Young people can work at 16, pay taxes and join the Army.
There is no reason that they should not have the right to a say in who represents them and the right to shape their future.
They are passionate about the issues affecting their communities and country; I know that at first hand from the work I have done over the years to support young people in their leadership journeys and in participating in our elections.
The SNP welcomes that the UK Government are catching up to Scotland, where we have had votes for 16-year-olds for the last nine years.
However, it is clear that real change also requires looking at this Parliament’s electoral system.
Recent polls have shown that the leading party currently would win a majority of seats in the next election on less than 30% of the vote.
Is it not long overdue that this Government reformed the UK Parliament’s broken electoral system and introduced proportional representation, as Welsh Labour is doing in the Senedd?
I refer the hon.
Gentleman to my previous answer.
The Government have no plans to change the electoral system for UK parliamentary or local elections.
I welcome this announcement, and I can only speculate about why the Conservatives did not decide to clean up party funding when they were in Government.
I want to echo some of the comments about proportional representation.
Personally, I feel that it is at the heart of many of the problems the country has faced in recent times.