I gently point the right hon.
Gentleman to the slightly more positive picture painted by the fact that the bosses of small and medium-sized enterprises have more confidence.
We will continue to talk to the Federation of Small Businesses, and will do so in a lot more detail.
Does the Secretary of State agree that the UK Labour Government are getting on with the serious business of delivering an industrial strategy that will support jobs in my Livingston constituency?
That is in sharp contrast to the failing SNP Government, who have no industrial strategy, no plan for workers, and no plan to support Scotland’s key sectors.
I very much agree with my hon.
Friend.
Nationalism is fundamentally a creed based on grievance, rather than real solutions, and that stands in contrast to our approach.
There are specific instances where we could deliver billions of pounds of investment to Scotland if there was a change in policy from the Scottish Government, be it on new nuclear in places where Scotland could benefit from small modular reactors, or on the recent decision to pull support for the Rolls-Royce-led plan for a welding centre for apprentices in the defence sector, which would enable them to support the maintenance of Royal Navy submarines.
The SNP Government are actively making decisions that get in the way of that investment.
If we cannot change their policy, let us change the Scottish Government.
Eastbourne’s posties are legends, including Manuel, who covers my patch.
Upstream issues in the Royal Mail, however, mean that constituents like Michaele are not receiving letters for medical appointments until after the appointment time has passed.
Will the Minister meet me to discuss these appalling delays, and the urgent action that must be taken to ensure that our residents get their post on time?
The hon.
Member is right to pay tribute to the tremendous work that posties do up and down the country, rain or shine, to deliver the mail.
There have, of course, been issues with performance in the Royal Mail.
I am happy to discuss that further with him, and to make sure, with the help of Ofcom, that we get the service that everyone deserves.
On Friday, the Select Committee on Science, Innovation and Technology published its report on social media algorithms, following the Southport  riots.
Indeed, there is a Select Committee statement on the report this afternoon.
Stakeholders have expressed concern that ongoing trade negotiations with the United States might prevent the Government from responding to the report’s recommendations, holding social media companies to account and keeping the public safe online.
Can the Minister reassure us that that is not the case?
I can reassure my hon.
Friend and all colleagues that those decisions will always be in the domain of this Government and this Parliament in the UK.
There has been a lot of speculation, during the trade negotiations, about what may or may not be involved, but we have shown that we deliver on jobs, goods and services, and that is the basis of sound trade negotiations.
My constituents, Mr and Mrs Greathead, supply specialist industrial products to businesses across the UK and Europe.
Since Brexit, they have faced many extra layers of difficulty, delays and costs, and they are in the middle of a three-year battle with His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs to ensure that correct tariffs are charged.
Will the Minister please look into the barriers that my constituents face when trading with Europe, and ensure that excessive red tape does not hold them back?
I sympathise with the hon.
Member’s constituents on the difficulties that they face.
On the challenges that he says they face with HMRC, he may want to get in contact with my colleague, the Exchequer Secretary to the Treasury, who has responsibility for HMRC.