I sympathise with the hon.
Member’s constituents on the difficulties that they face.
On the challenges that he says they face with HMRC, he may want to get in contact with my colleague, the Exchequer Secretary to the Treasury, who has responsibility for HMRC.
At a panel discussion earlier this year, I joined a group of leading women in the hospitality sector, who repeatedly highlighted that the lack of female representation in leadership roles and ownership is a persistent barrier to progress in the sector.
What steps is the Minister taking to support women in the hospitality industry into leadership and ownership roles?
This is an important issue.
The Invest in Women taskforce is looking at some of the very real barriers that women entrepreneurs face, both in hospitality and more generally.
Access to finance is one of the challenges that we have heard back about.
A fund is being put together to help women entrepreneurs with that, but we need to do more, and our SMEs strategy will set out our plans in that regard.
We have heard this morning that the review of the UK Internal Market Act 2020 somehow tramples on Holyrood, but in fact, the Government say:
“Devolved Governments will have greater flexibility to set rules”.
Is there not a danger that this invites the SNP Government to introduce change for the sake of change, and divergence for the sake of divergence, thus damaging trade right across the country?
Well, if I am simultaneously being criticised by the SNP and the Conservative party, I am pretty sure that we have got the balance right.
The UK Internal Market Act seeks to strike the appropriate balance between giving devolved Governments flexibility on policy and avoiding unnecessary barriers for UK businesses.
I believe we have got that balance exactly right.
The over 1,000 employees at the Lotus plant in South Norfolk and Norwich North are the pride of our constituencies, and I thank the Secretary of State for his support in recent weeks.
May I ask for a meeting with him and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Norwich North (Alice Macdonald) , so that we can talk about our discussions with local employees?
I can absolutely guarantee my hon.
Friend that we will have that meeting.
I appreciate the work that we have been able to do together, reacting   to the media reports that initially surfaced.
There is some clarity from the company, but not the full degree of clarity that we need.
I will make sure that we get that meeting set up for him and his colleagues.
We have just had our fifth consecutive month of job losses announced, and research shows that as many as 17% of companies are considering redundancies.
What is the Government’s analysis of why this is happening?
I gently say to the hon.
Gentleman that we have had four interest rate cuts, almost 400,000 jobs have been created, our industrial strategy has been hugely welcomed, and we have had three deals, so it is perhaps not a surprise that recent surveys point to a nine-year high in business confidence.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Housing, Communities and Local Government if she will make a statement on the new policies announced in the Government’s strategy for elections.
The Government have today published our strategy for modern and secure elections.
When we came into power just over a year ago, the Government committed through our manifesto to bringing forward measures to strengthen our precious democracy and uphold the integrity of our elections.
The strategy we have published today sets out how we will legislate and implement provisions to extend the voter franchise to 16 and 17-year-olds, increase participation in our elections, tackle the inconsistencies in voter identification rules, and protect our democracy by overhauling our political finance rules.