We believe that it is more appropriate for selecting single-person executives.
I declare a former interest as a lawyer specialising in election law.
I can say from that previous life that the previous Tory Government left our election law in an unfair and dangerous state: unfair in that they made it harder for people to vote, and dangerous in that they did nothing to prevent foreign actors from spending millions of pounds, roubles or dollars to interfere with our democracy.
Does the Minister agree that it is high time to take robust action to make our democracy safe and fair for everyone, and will she assure the House that this will be a speedy and fair process?
I look forward to using the expertise of colleagues—not only in my party but in others—so that we get this right.
It is in all our interests to close the loopholes that are so dangerous and damaging for our democracy.
There is much to welcome in these proposals to enhance our democracy, particularly on the safety of candidates.
Reform is very much against votes for 16 and 17-year-olds, who, it is interesting to note, are completely split down the middle on this issue.
However, I urge the Minister to consider our grave concerns with particular regard to postal voting, its security and the risks of personation.
I have seen people carrying bag loads of postal votes to a polling station on election day.
Surely that is completely wrong.
I reassure the hon.
Gentleman that we take those issues very seriously.
Personating another voter is a deliberate act of fraud.
It completely undermines our democracy and is a serious criminal offence that will continue to be prosecuted.
If he has examples, he should report them to the police.
For 14 years, young people in my constituency were frustrated by politicians who simply did not listen to their concerns on affordable housing, on the climate crisis or on good local jobs.
Does the Minister agree that listening to young people and engaging them in the process is a key first step in rebuilding some of the damage done to our democracy over the 14 years of incompetence we saw from the Tories?
My hon.
Friend makes a powerful case for giving young people, from the age of 16, the right to vote and participate in our democracy.
Young people are the future, and it is vital that we all work  together to ensure that they learn about, and can participate in, our political system and our democracy.
That is how we will ensure that our democracy is appreciated and that its value and influence, both in this country and globally, is shared by the next generation.
The Conservative Government seemingly tried to do everything possible to destroy trust in politics and to make it harder for people to vote.
In my constituency, that led to just a 49% turnout at the last election.
Will the Minister set out more about how the announcement will make it easier for people to engage in our democracy and how the Government will give the next generation a say in the future of our country through giving votes at 16?
It is crucial that we engage electors—both young electors and the millions who are not registered to vote.
We will do careful work to move towards automated voter registration and to ensure that it is a success.
It is about making sure that every citizen who is eligible to vote registers and is able to vote.
A previous parliamentary inquiry into the funding of Northern Ireland political parties expressed a concern about the lack of visibility on how cross-border parties—the likes of Sinn Féin—manage their fundraising and the difficulty for regulators in verifying that no Republic of Ireland, or indeed US-based, funds were used in UK elections.
It recommended stronger audit requirements and a clear separation of cross-jurisdictional finances.