That is the challenge for any Government, regardless of their political stripe.
Yes, of course national security is the priority and we must defend against the threats that we face, but we also have to co-operate economically.
The Government will seek to balance those two responsibilities.
The Security Minister mentioned the breadth of the national security threat against the United Kingdom.
He mentioned Russia, China and Iran, but, unless I missed it, he did not mention North Korea.
Will he comment on that?
Following on from the question that my hon.
Friend the Member  for Harwich and North Essex (Sir Bernard Jenkin) asked about resources, is the Minister confident that the UK intelligence community, across agencies, has sufficient resources to manage the increased threat that he has recognised today?
The right hon.
Gentleman speaks with experience and authority on these matters, and he is right to mention North Korea.
On his point about resources, I am not remotely complacent about that at all.
Mindful of the nature of the threat that we face, the Home Secretary and I will work with our colleagues across Government to ensure that our security services have the resources they need.
We have exceptional people stepping forward to serve, and it is the responsibility of Government, regardless of political colour, to ensure that they have the resources and technology they need not just to keep pace with the threat, but to retain a competitive advantage.
We will ensure that they have the resources to do that.
Yang Tengbo is the alleged Chinese spy who has been stalking the corridors of power in our country, rubbing shoulders with royalty, Prime Ministers and business leaders, yet his name was withheld from the great British public.
Does the Minister agree that his name was withheld only to avoid embarrassment for previous Prime Ministers and for business leaders, and that that was not in the best interests of the British public?
I am sure that the hon.
Gentleman will acknowledge that I named H6.
His initial anonymity was a result of a court order; it was not a UK Government decision.
The west certainly learned a lesson about energy supplies and where they come from when Russia invaded.
To build on what my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Chingford and Woodford Green (Sir Iain Duncan Smith)  said, I want to press the Minister on solar and renewables.
The Government have an agenda to push this country quickly towards renewable energy, yet China manufactures and processes a lot of the materials that we need for it.
Before we accelerate towards that goal, will the Minister undertake an assessment of the risk to our energy supply?
That is a crucial piece of our national security.
I am genuinely grateful to the right hon.
Gentleman for his reasonable and constructive points, which we will consider further.
He will acknowledge that the Government must make difficult judgments about those matters, but I assure him that we will look at them with a clear-headed view of what is in our national interest, and in the end national security will always prevail.
Does the Minister agree that it is not just the big schemes that need consideration, but the small ones too?
Elite capture can happen at higher education and infrastructure level.
Peking University HSBC business school in Oxford wants to expand.
The local planning authority narrowly passed the proposal.
I asked the previous Government to call it in, but just last week this Government approved the scheme.
That is a mistake.
The economic benefit will go primarily to the Chinese Communist party.
Will the  Minister’s Department ask the Ministry of Housing, Communities and Local Government to look again at the scheme?
What resilience is he offering local planning authorities on such matters?
The hon.
Lady is right.
It is not just about the bigger schemes; the smaller ones are important as well.