and right hon.
Members who have contributed to such a thoughtful discussion.
Sexual offences leave devastation in their wake.
Victims are often left traumatised and the very least they deserve is swift justice, but too often that justice process serves only to traumatise them further, whether it is because they are not getting the right support or because they are facing an agonising wait for their case to come to court, as we have heard so powerfully this evening.
We have inherited a criminal justice system—and a criminal courts system in particular—in crisis, but the rebuilding effort is under way.
We have an ambitious package of reform, we are thinking boldly, and while I am realist enough to know that change will not happen overnight, I can assure you all that this Government are up to the challenge.
Question put and agreed to.
House adjourned.
We do keep the asylum process under review, but I would be happy to look at the details of this particular case and perhaps meet the hon.
Lady and her constituent, if that would be helpful.
The Secretary of State was asked—
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of the Autumn Budget 2024 on levels of unemployment.
The Budget made the choices needed to fix the foundations of our economy.
Taking those into account, the Office for Budget Responsibility forecasts that unemployment will fall to 4.1% next year and remain low until 2029.
We are taking action to support jobs and growth, and to transform employment support to get Britain working.
Will the Minister answer a simple question: since the Budget, have unemployment rates gone up or down?
I have just given the OBR’s assessment.
It is worth noting that there are still a significant number of vacancies in the economy.
We are determined that the Department for Work and Pensions will be reformed to serve employers better, so that they can fill those vacancies.
Many disabled people in Ealing Southall are unnecessarily unemployed purely and simply because their employer refuses to respond to their request for the reasonable adjustments that they need to do their job.
Will the Minister consider strengthening the right to reasonable adjustments, so that workers receive a response within a specified number of weeks, in line with the recommendations in the groundbreaking disability employment charter?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her important question.
I know she met my colleague the Minister for Social Security and Disability recently, and I am sure that their conversations were productive on this important point.
I recognise what was behind the increase in the national minimum wage for 18 to 21-year-olds, but I have been surprised by the reaction of businesses in my constituency.
Those businesses have told me, in terms, that they will reduce the number of 18 to 21-year-olds they employ, because there is a higher failure rate associated with their employment, as they are new to the workforce, yet employing them will cost the same as employing those who are older.
Does the Minister recognise that issue, and what will she do about it?
Anybody who sees that, in the British economy, there are nearly 1 million young people out of work or training—not doing anything—would say that is a dreadful legacy left by the previous Administration.
That is why the youth guarantee is at the heart of our “Get Britain Working” plan.
Order.
Before I call Dr Jeevun Sandher, may I offer him my congratulations on his engagement?
That is incredibly kind of you, Mr Speaker.
Young non-graduates are finding it far harder to get good, well-paid jobs.
The number of young people not in education, employment or training has nearly doubled since 2013, and youth unemployment is at its highest rate in almost a decade because young people are not getting the skills they need.