My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
We are working at pace with colleagues across Government, including in the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office and the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology, to progress these matters.
There is a lot of work going on across Government to ensure that we are as resilient as we can possibly be to the threats we face from a range of actors.
He can be assured, as can the House, that this Government will use all necessary measures to protect our security and ensure that our critical national infrastructure is as resilient as it possibly can be.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
Can I start by thanking the Security Minister and the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster for the security briefing they arranged earlier today for the shadow Foreign Secretary and myself?
We are grateful for the assistance.
Chinese infiltration of public organisations is of grave concern, but this is not just about public organisations such as the Government; businesses and universities are also being systemically infiltrated, and intellectual property theft is often at the heart of what the Chinese Government are trying to achieve.
When I was Technology Minister, I saw this in areas such as artificial intelligence and quantum computing, and I would like to hear the Security Minister say more about intellectual property theft of cutting-edge technology in a moment.
Last year the head of MI5, Ken McCallum, said that Chinese activity seeking to infiltrate our institutions was taking place on an “epic scale”.
Last year there were multiple attempts by Chinese companies to get hold of sensitive technology, and MI5 estimates that 20,000 individuals have been approached by Chinese agents who are trying to influence them, or forge contacts in some way.
It is likely that at some point, either in the past or in the future, an attempt to contact every Member of this House will be made in one form or another.
The Opposition will fully support the Government in working to secure our nation’s safety, and I will ask the Minister one or two questions in that spirit.
First, would he consider expediting the implementation of the foreign influence registration scheme that he referred to?
I echo the suggestion from my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Chingford and Woodford Green (Sir Iain Duncan Smith)  that China should be placed in the enhanced tier of that scheme.
Secondly, will the Security Minister review the wisdom of the Government’s approach to China?
Given what we have learned and what we now know, the very close relations that the Prime Minister is apparently attempting, and the rather sycophantic tone he took with President Xi at the G20 a few weeks ago, may not be very wise.
Chinese infiltration and intellectual property theft are of very grave concern, and I would welcome some further comments from the Security Minister as to what he will do to combat them.
First, we were pleased to offer that briefing because these are important matters that should not divide us.
It will always be this Government’s approach that, where we can work co-operatively with all Members of this House on matters relating to national security, we will seek to do so.
The right hon.
Gentleman made some important points about matters relating to business, higher education and universities.
He is a former Technology Minister, so I know he speaks with authority and expertise on matters relating to intellectual property theft, and this is an important point for him to make.
I share his concerns.
It is completely unacceptable that any entity, whether they are a hostile state or otherwise, should seek to draw intellectual property out of our country, and this Government take the matter very seriously.
The right hon.