I share his concerns.
It is completely unacceptable that any entity, whether they are a hostile state or otherwise, should seek to draw intellectual property out of our country, and this Government take the matter very seriously.
The right hon.
Gentleman mentioned the comments of the director general of MI5, Ken McCallum, and I would say to him that the National Security and Investment Act 2021 provides a framework for this Government, as it did for the previous Government, when dealing with some of these matters.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked about FIRS, and I hope I have been able to provide some reassurance on the Government’s intention to table the regulations as soon as practically possible in the new year, with a view to having the scheme up and running by the summer.
On the approach to China, I do not agree with the right hon.
Gentleman’s characterisation of the Prime Minister’s recent meeting.
I would just say very gently to him that at least the Prime Minister did not take President Xi to the pub for a pint.
Will the broader China audit include an assessment of the number of Chinese Communist party operatives working in the UK, including through bodies such as the Hong Kong Economic and Trade Office?
And will the Minister ensure that everyone targeted, whether they are Members of this place, members of the royal family or members of the public with British national overseas status who are originally from Hong Kong, has access to tailored security support?
We are working with other Departments to carry out an audit of the UK’s relationship with China.
This is being done to improve our ability to understand and respond to both the challenges and the opportunities that China poses.
It is vital that we have a thorough understanding of the bilateral relationship with China, including where we need to challenge to protect the UK’s national security.
The audit is ongoing, and its outcomes will guide a consistent and coherent approach to China.
British national overseas status is a matter that I know my hon.
Friend has rightly pursued for a significant amount of time.
This reflects the UK’s historical and moral commitment to those people of Hong Kong who chose to retain their ties to the UK by taking up BNO status at the point of Hong Kong’s handover to China in 1997.
BNO status holders and their families are making significant contributions to our economy and local communities.
From the route’s introduction on  31 January 2021  to the end of September 2024, more than 215,000 visas were granted.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I thank  the right hon.
Member for Chingford and Woodford Green (Sir Iain Duncan Smith)  for securing this urgent question on a crucial issue for all of us in this place, because we are looking for robust action from this Government to keep our politics and democracy safe from the influence of foreign Governments.
We should not pretend for a moment that the case of H6 is in any way unique or unusual because, as we have heard, the director general of MI5, Ken McCallum, has warned that bodies like the UFWD are
“mounting patient, well-funded, deceptive campaigns to buy and exert influence.”
We see it in our business world, and we see it in our universities.
We have the Chinese consulate in my Edinburgh West constituency, and I have, on more than one occasion, been personally chastised by the consul for expressing my views about Uyghur Muslims or for speaking up for Hong Kong residents in this country, so it is a serious problem.
In fact, I was once filmed by a mysterious drone while speaking at a Hong Kong protest.
We need robust action to clamp down on things like the police stations that we have heard exist in this country.