There is a problem in the interaction between the universal credit taper rate and the housing benefit taper for people in supported and temporary accommodation.
We are, at the moment, looking at options for how to tackle that quite serious work disincentive problem.
This Christmas, over one in four children in this country will be living in poverty.
That could be partly addressed by scrapping the two-child benefit cap and paid for simply by reversing the Tory tax cut on the banks.
What is more important: hungry children or bankers’ bonuses?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to raise the condition of children living in poverty in this country.
That is why, as I mentioned earlier, the child poverty taskforce is doing extensive work on the issue.
According to the 2022 Migration Observatory report, over 200,000 children are likely to be in families with no recourse to public funds.
As the 2022 Work and Pensions Committee report highlighted, those families face particularly tough circumstances without access to benefits.
Will the Minister confirm whether the child poverty taskforce is engaging directly with affected families to understand the challenges they face?
The child poverty taskforce is considering all children across the UK in all aspects of our child poverty strategy.
We recognise the distinct challenges of poverty faced by children in particular groups, such as migrant children, disabled children and others.
We are engaging directly with families affected by poverty.
We recognise that the causes of child poverty are deep rooted and we will look at all levers to make change.
In Epsom and Ewell, local charities such as the Sunnybank Trust are seeing a lack of employment opportunities for people with learning disabilities.
In fact, only 6.9% of people with learning disabilities are currently in paid work.
What measures is the DWP taking to support employers to help individuals with learning disabilities to get into work?
The hon.
Member raises a very important point.
She will probably be aware of the Buckland review, published before the election, which looks specifically at employment support for people with autism.
The Minister for Employment and I met Sir Robert Buckland recently, and we are looking at how we can take forward the ideas he proposed in his report.
I call the Chair of the Select Committee.
A recently published freedom of information request indicates that AI tools used to detect DWP fraud are   biased and disproportionately discriminate against people by age, disability, marital status and nationality.
Obviously, that has caused considerable concern.
What assurances can the Minister give that the procurement and use of such tools will be covered by strict governance standards, including tests for fairness?
My hon.
Friend will know that we face a significant challenge, with fraud and error costing the Department almost £10 billion a year.
It is right that we look to utilise all available tools to tackle it.
However, I understand her concerns, although I would remind her that the final decision on whether someone receives a welfare payment is always made by a human.
That is the most robust safeguard that we can have in place—although of course it sits alongside a broader suite.
My inspirational constituent, Bells Lewers, has terminal bowel cancer.
When she was first undergoing treatment, she was initially turned down for personal independence payment, despite the significant impact on her ability to work and carry out basic daily activities.
Has the Minister considered incorporating clinical diagnosis alongside function in eligibility assessments, and will he meet Bells to discuss the assessment process?
We do keep the assessment process under review, but I would be happy to look at the details of this particular case and perhaps meet the hon.
Lady and her constituent, if that would be helpful.
An astonishing £35 billion has been lost to benefit fraud and errors since the pandemic.
Will the Minister outline the plans and the timeline for recouping that money?
My hon.