Does the Minister agree that there are few more shameful examples of the last Government’s record on poverty? [
Interruption.]
I cannot quite hear the mutterings of Conservative Members, Mr Speaker—I think the word they were looking for was “sorry”.
Will the Minister also outline further steps that we can take to reduce the need for food banks to exist at all?
The statistics my hon.
Friend has read out are, I am sorry to say, consistent with those of the Trussell Trust, which distributed 61,000 emergency food parcels in 2010.
Last year, the figure was 3.1 million.
That is not acceptable, which is why we have committed to tripling investment in breakfast clubs to over £30 million and—as I have said—introduce our fair repayment rate for deductions from universal credit, because if a person is out of debt, they are out of danger.
We are increasing the national living wage to £12.21 an hour from next April, which will boost the pay of 3 million workers.
That is also why the child poverty taskforce is working very hard.
Benefits such as pension credit and disability living allowance are important in assisting people to stay out of poverty, but delays in processing applications push people into poverty.
One constituent of mine is an 82-year-old gentleman who has spent more than 16 weeks waiting for his application to be processed, and another is the mother of a disabled child who has waited more than 18 weeks and is now being told that it will take an extra 25 weeks for a mandatory reconsideration.
What steps is the Minister taking to reduce delays in processing applications for pension credit and other state support, in order to help lift households out of poverty?
I thank the hon.
Lady for the question that she rightly puts to this House.
We have increased the number of staff working on pension credit by over 500, and are working very quickly to deal with those backlogs and delays.
As she says, we need to get through those backlogs.
Whether she has made an assessment of the potential merits of jobcentres launching outreach initiatives in local communities.
Jobcentres work with a range of external providers to offer a wealth of outreach support.
In Berkshire, this includes work coach support for customers with complex needs delivered by Reading college, outreach delivered by the Slough homelessness team and at Windsor Homeless Project locations, and employment support delivered by the probation hub in Reading.
Outreach work is something that we not only strongly support, but actively encourage.
The Minister has named a number of projects in Berkshire, none of which falls within my constituency of Newbury.
Would he welcome community interest companies such as Lambourn Junction hosting jobcentres in their facilities to make sure that people in rural constituencies such as mine have access to a jobcentre, rather than having to travel into the main town centre for that support?
I would very much welcome such an initiative being brought forward in the hon.
Member’s constituency of Newbury.
He may also be pleased to know that there is the potential for a youth hub to open in Newbury, similar to that in Oxford, which was grant funded and is already in operation.
What assessment she has made of the adequacy of levels of pension contributions for auto-enrolled pensions for lower earners.
Due to the introduction of auto-enrolment, which is at least one policy that has cross-party support—it was legislated for by the last Labour Government and was taken forward by the coalition Government—there has been a 92% increase in the number of employees saving into a workplace pension scheme since 2012, which is over 10 million people saving for a pension who were not saving previously.