Parliamentarians are exposed to the United Front on a  regular basis.
Will the Minister remedy this today, and accept that China is our most prominent security threat and that all action must take priority?
My right hon.
Friend  the Member for Tonbridge (Tom Tugendhat) , who was the previous Security Minister, has said publicly that the Home Office was ready to name China in the enhanced tier of the foreign influence registration scheme, which would have forced United Front members like H6 to register or face serious consequences.
Given that doing so is an available option, why have we not done it yet?
Is it true, as is being reported by papers, including The Times, that behind the scenes the Government are now under pressure from banks, the wider business community and Government Departments not to do it?
When it comes to a member of the royal family, I simply say this: how was it that somebody who was known to the security forces was allowed to get so close to a member of the royal family without proper scrutiny exposing them?
Finally, I note that the Prime Minister said today in response to the issue that we will “co-operate where we can”, particularly on environmental issues, and “challenge where we must”, particularly on human rights issues.
If the Prime Minister means that, why are we still buying from China huge numbers of solar arrays that have demonstrably been made using slave labour?
Surely his statement is clearly incorrect; far from challenging China on human rights, it now appears that we are turning a blind eye.
Why is that?
Let me first come to the point the right hon.
Gentleman made about FIRS.
Upon our arrival in government, we found that FIRS was not ready to be implemented, as has been claimed.
Since coming into office, we have ensured that more people than ever are now working on FIRS implementation, and the case management team have been recruited and are now in place.
As I said in my opening remarks, we plan to lay the regulations that underpin the scheme in the new year, ahead of the scheme going live in the summer.
As we have previously committed, we will provide three months’ notice of the scheme’s go-live date to give all those who will be affected by it adequate time to prepare.
The scheme will be underpinned by an IT solution consisting of a registration platform, a case management system and an online public register.
The IT programme developed under the previous Government was not ready for the scheme to go live, and plans were not sufficiently robust.
This Government have progressed at pace with the work to ensure that we are in a position to launch FIRS, with the laying of the regulations in the new year with a view to the scheme going live in the summer.
Work is also under way to identify which foreign powers will be placed on the enhanced tier.
That will be based on robust security and intelligence analysis.
The Home Secretary and I plan to begin setting out the Government’s approach for the use of the enhanced tier in due course.
The first duty of Government is national security, and the threat that the country faces is the most complex and evolving we have ever seen.
Given the range of threats we face from hostile state actors, it is important that the Government take action to protect our critical national infrastructure from cyber-attacks and ransomware  attacks.
Can the Minister update us on the plans announced in the King’s Speech for a new Bill on cyber-resilience and other actions to improve protections in this area?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
We are working at pace with colleagues across Government, including in the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office and the Department for Science, Innovation and Technology, to progress these matters.