I see that inheritance in my community, in Barry in the Vale of Glamorgan, where individuals carry not the indulgence, and not the offence, but the misfortune of ill health.
What is the Secretary of State doing to tackle economic inactivity, so that we give hope again, not just to those individuals, but to my community?
In the Vale of Glamorgan, the economic inactivity rate is almost one in four people.
That is higher than the rate for Wales as a whole, and certainly higher than the UK average.
From spring next year, we will launch eight trailblazers to support more people with long-term health conditions into work, including in Wales.
That is backed by £125 million of additional funding.
We will design the programme jointly with the Welsh Government, and we aim to launch it in the spring.
We are determined to boost jobs and growth in every corner of this great country.
Fedcap, a national organisation, is running a scheme to get economically inactive people to become the next generation of solar panel engineers.
More such schemes will be necessary to plug the skills gap that developers report, especially if the Government are to meet their ambitious housing target.
Will the Secretary of State commit to continued funding for schemes that are delivered by such organisations via jobcentres?
I congratulate organisations such as the one that the hon.
Lady mentions for their brilliant work, not only to keep energy costs down but to support people into work.
I will work closely with the Minister for energy consumers, and others in the Department for Energy Security and Net Zero, to support those organisations, including through jobcentres.
More jobs and lower bills are key to improving people’s living standards.
In communities like mine in East Thanet, there is above-average youth unemployment.
It is important to be reassured that the “Get Britain Working” White Paper will be designed to help young people, particularly in coastal communities like mine, where we need a year-round economy, and support and activity to get young people into work.
My hon.
Friend is exactly right: we have to deliver better jobs in every part of the country, including coastal communities like hers.
We need to give young people the skills that they need, and job opportunities, so that they can build a better life.
I look forward to working with her as we deliver our youth guarantee and “Get Britain Working” plans.
Can the Secretary of State confirm whether she will maintain strong sanctions against those who are capable of working but choose not to?
If you can work, you must work, and if you repeatedly refuse to, sanctions will remain, but I know from young people in my constituency that they are desperate to get the skills and opportunities that they need.
Unlike the Conservative party, that is what our youth guarantee will deliver.
I call the shadow Minister.
It is good to hear Front-Benchers being so positive about their White Paper, much of which we are pretty familiar with.
Let us look through some of the measures.
The integration of employment and health support—we were doing that when we were in government.
It was called WorkWell.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Faversham and Mid Kent (Helen Whately)  led on it.
What is the youth guarantee that we have been hearing about?
According to the White Paper, it
“brings together a range of existing entitlements”.
It is a very familiar set of policies.
The fact is that the Government’s White Paper is just a rehash of existing support, and a bit of money with no strings attached.
There is, however, one thing that the last Government were doing that this Government are not: strengthening the conditionality for benefits.
The Secretary of State says that she will continue the existing sanctions, but what new measures will she introduce to ensure that people who can work will work?
I am not sure where to start.