An astonishing £35 billion has been lost to benefit fraud and errors since the pandemic.
Will the Minister outline the plans and the timeline for recouping that money?
My hon.
Friend is right to highlight the enormous cost to the Department—upwards of £35 billion—of fraud since the pandemic.
She will be pleased to know that the fraud, error and debt Bill is due to come to the House early in the new year.
This Government are serious about tackling fraud; it is just a shame that we inherited the mess we did.
Order.
Before I call  the right hon.
Member for Chingford and Woodford Green (Sir Iain Duncan Smith) , I will make a short statement.
The House of Commons respects the jurisdiction of the courts—for example, in our sub judice rule.
The sub judice rule applies to all criminal cases, including cases involving espionage, which are currently before courts.
It is important that nothing we say should prejudice a fair trial before a jury.
The sub judice rule also applies to the majority of civil cases, but it does not apply when a ministerial decision is in question, such as the decision in this case by the Home Secretary to exclude the person known as H6 from the UK on the basis that his exclusion is conducive to the public good on grounds of national security.
I understand that this afternoon the administrative court decided to lift the anonymity order.
The Government are responsible to this House, which holds Ministers accountable for what is done on their authority.
Although it is important that Members should be able to question Ministers, I remind them of the rule set out in paragraphs 21.20 and 21.23 of “Erskine May” that it is only in order to criticise the conduct of a member of the royal family when debating a substantive motion drawn up in proper terms, which is not the case in this urgent question.
I hope that the House now has a feel for the way in which we will debate this subject.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Government if they will make a statement on the extent of the operations of the United Front Work Department within the UK.
The first duty of any Government is national security, and we therefore welcome the court’s decision to uphold the Home Office’s position with regard to the exclusion of H6, who can now be named as Yang Tengbo.
The Special Immigration Appeals Commission concluded that there was a “basis for the conclusion” that H6
“had been in a position to generate relationships with prominent UK figures which could be leveraged for political interference purposes by the CCP (including the UFWD) or the Chinese State.”
Where there are individuals who pose a threat to our national security, we are absolutely committed to using the full range of powers available to disrupt them.
When we encounter foreign interference or espionage, whether it stems from the United Front Work Department or from any other state-linked actor, we will be swift in using all available tools, including prosecutions, exclusions, sanctions and diplomacy, to keep our country safe.
Given the potential for further litigation, it would be inappropriate for me to say any more, but it is important to recognise that this case does not exist in a vacuum.
As the director general of MI5 made clear in October, we are in the most complex threat environment that he has ever seen.
Alongside the threat from terrorism, we face ongoing efforts by a number of states, including China, Russia and Iran, to harm the UK’s security.
Our response is among the most robust and sophisticated anywhere in the world.
The National Security Act 2023, which was supported by Members on both sides of the House and which strengthened our powers to protect the UK, is central to our protection against states that seek to conduct hostile acts.