I do not want to go over the readiness of FIRS again and again.
I will leave it at this: I was assured by the same officials who sit in the Box advising the Minister that it would be ready to go by the end of the year.
Clearly the advice has changed.
Only one thing in the Department has changed, which is the party leading it, so I can only assume that there has been a change of intent, but I am delighted that it will be ready to go by the summer—better late than never.
The real question, of course, is whether it will be worth having.
The advice from MI5 was very clear: if China is not in the enhanced tier, it will not be worth having.
Will China be in that tier?
The right hon.
Gentleman knows that I take these matters incredibly seriously.
He and I have known each other for a very long time.
I therefore know that he will take on trust my assertion to him and to the House that the scheme was not ready to go when we arrived in government in July this year.
We are working at pace.
I have today given the House a timeframe and said that we are looking very closely, working with colleagues across Government, at how we can best structure the scheme.
We will make announcements in the normal way in due course.
One weak point in protecting our parliamentary democracy from hostile state actors is money in politics.
Does the Security Minister agree that this latest case shows that it  is a priority to ensure that our electoral laws are robust enough that only funds that are clean and sourced entirely from within the UK fund our political parties, because there certainly seems to be some confusion among some of the parties in opposition?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point, and speaks with great authority on this matter.
He will know that we have just appointed Baroness Hodge as the Government’s new anti-corruption champion.
She will support the work that we do, looking very carefully at the impact of dirty money on politics.
He is right that the Government will want to assure ourselves that the electoral laws that govern the conduct of elections are robust, and ensure that there are no opportunities for people from overseas to intervene in our political processes.
That advice should be taken very seriously by all parties across the House.
In my constituency there are many Hongkongers deeply concerned about surveillance from Chinese agents in this country.
Can the Minister give my constituents any assurance that their legitimate fears are being addressed by the Government?
I am grateful to the hon.
Member for raising the plight of his constituents.
Yes, I can give him those assurances.
The Government take very seriously the kinds of interventions he refers to.
Through the defending democracy taskforce, we are looking carefully at the issue of transnational repression, and we will have more to say about it in due course.
Can I ask the Minister about the integrity of our democracy?
In particular, what steps is he taking to ensure the integrity of the processes and institutions of our political process, especially but not only with regard to China?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
I briefly mentioned earlier the importance that this Government attach to the defending democracy taskforce.
We inherited that body from the previous Government.
We are working at pace to ensure that it works across Government as effectively as possible.
Fundamentally, it seeks to address the point he made about challenging those threats to the integrity of our democracy.
This Government will ensure that no stone is left unturned in seeking to address the significant challenges that we all know we face.