There is, however, one thing that the last Government were doing that this Government are not: strengthening the conditionality for benefits.
The Secretary of State says that she will continue the existing sanctions, but what new measures will she introduce to ensure that people who can work will work?
I am not sure where to start.
If the Conservatives’ programmes were so successful, why do we have a record 2.8 million people out of work due to long-term health problems, and 1 million young people not in education, employment or training?
I love the 15 WorkWell pilots, but we want to join up health, work and skills support in every corner of the country, not just a few places.
There will be a different approach for young people under our youth guarantee.
There will be the opportunities people need, but also a requirement to take them up, not only for those on unemployment benefit, but for those young people who can work but are out of work due to a health condition.
That is the difference a Labour Government make: there is work for those who can, and proper opportunities.
I applaud that soundbite, but we did not hear about any new measures that will be introduced, or any additional sanctions that we need.
The right hon.
Member talks about what the last Government were doing.
We were reforming the work capability assessment.
The Office for Budget Responsibility said that our reforms would have seen 400,000 fewer people on long-term sickness benefits, saving £5.4 billion over this Parliament.
The Labour Government have paused that work while they hold a review.
They have had 14 years.
I do not know what they were doing to plan for government—not very much, it looks like. [
Interruption.]
They had all that time.
What were they doing?
I do not know where their plans are.
The Chancellor is counting the savings  to the welfare budget that our party would have delivered.
Will the Minister commit to implementing the reforms, and if not, how will she make the savings that she is counting on?
The hon.
Member is laughing at his own chutzpah.
I am happy to talk about the past 14 years, but the work capability assessment is not working.
It needs to be reformed or replaced.
That is what we said in our manifesto, and we will bring forward our proposals in a Green Paper in the spring.
That has to be part of a bigger programme to help people with long-term health conditions and disabilities into work.
That is what our “Get Britain Working” White Paper does, and I am happy to discuss it with him more in future.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
I hope the Secretary of State will join me in congratulating Chris McCausland and Dianne Buswell on their victory on “Strictly” this weekend.
In the light of that victory, how does she plan to make the Access to Work scheme more fit for purpose, so that it can help more people with disabilities reach their full potential?
I absolutely join in the hon.
Gentleman’s comments.
It was a great joy to see that victory at the weekend.
We want to see Access to Work working better.
We want to get the backlogs down, and for that support to be available to more people.
Labour Members believe that disabled people have the same rights as anyone else to work, socialise and take part in life.
That is what we are determined to achieve, not just through the Department for Work and Pensions, but through every part of Government.
The hon.
Gentleman will know that we recently announced lead Ministers for disability in every Department.
That shows how important we take this issue to be.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of trends in inflation on pensioners’ living standards.