Gentleman will know that we recently announced lead Ministers for disability in every Department.
That shows how important we take this issue to be.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of trends in inflation on pensioners’ living standards.
Due to the Government’s steadfast commitment to the triple lock, pensioners will see an above-inflation increase of 4.1% in their state pension next year, which means that they will be up to £470 better off—and, over the course of this Parliament, over £1,900 better off.
I thank the Minister for the insight.
In Mid Dunbartonshire, nearly a quarter of my constituents are of pension age.
Many have placed their hard-earned income into private schemes, yet despite their financial planning, they face the harsh reality that inflation is outstripping the modest yearly increase to their pension, eroding the value of their lifetime of saving.
What steps will she take to prevent the erosion in value of private pensions, and to mitigate the problem of the growth in the value of pension funds not being passed on to pension holders?
The Chancellor launched a landmark pensions review in July, which I am leading.
It has two objectives: to boost returns for future pensioners, so that when they save into private pensions, they get better returns, the likes of which we see in Australia and Canada; and to boost investment in the UK economy.
The poorest pensioners in our society are those who are eligible for pension credit but do not claim it, and those who are just a few pounds above the threshold and miss out on passported support.
Means-testing, by its very nature, is simply not the best way to get help to those who need it most, so will the Minister reconsider the recent decision to means-test the winter fuel allowance?
We will not reconsider that decision, because as a result of the £22 billion black hole that we inherited from the Conservative party, we have had to take tough decisions in a very tight fiscal environment.
However, my hon.
Friend has given me the opportunity to remind people that they have until Saturday to make a pension credit claim, which can be backdated and will passport them to winter fuel payments and other related benefits.
I call Chris Murray.
Edinburgh is a booming and—oh, sorry.
Question 4.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of the “Get Britain Working” White Paper on employers and businesses.
We have all been there, Mr Speaker.
Businesses are crying out for staff, yet only one in six employers uses jobcentres.
Our “Get Britain Working” White Paper will revolutionise employment support to give employers the workforce they need.
The support will include a new jobs and career service, designed around employers’ needs.
We are also launching an independent review of the role of employers in promoting healthy and inclusive workforces.
Some of us are still getting our heads around our new jobs, Mr Speaker.
Edinburgh is a booming economy that has all the raw materials to thrive in the years ahead—especially because we have some of the growth industries that the Government have identified as being key to the future of the economy.
However, businesses in my constituency are crying out for workers with the skills that they need.
What are the Government doing to ensure that the workforce has the skills that businesses need?
My hon.
Friend describes exactly why we need a local tailored service: so that all employers can properly engage with jobcentres and work together to find the skilled members of staff that they need.
I agree with him that Edinburgh offers so many opportunities  to our young people.
I know that all my DWP colleagues in Edinburgh will work with him to get business the skilled staff that they need.
E-commerce is a growing part of our economy.
Will the Minister spare a thought for small-scale employers in my constituency and throughout Northern Ireland, who.