We are working at pace to ensure that it works across Government as effectively as possible.
Fundamentally, it seeks to address the point he made about challenging those threats to the integrity of our democracy.
This Government will ensure that no stone is left unturned in seeking to address the significant challenges that we all know we face.
Just a few days ago, the head of MI5 talked about having to make “uncomfortable choices” and paring back counter-terrorism operations in order to deal with the huge rise in state threats.
If the Government mean what they say about security being the first priority of Government, will the Minister undertake to ensure that MI5 and the security services as a whole have the resources they need to tackle all the threats?
By all means, blame the previous Government for the state we are in, but it will not get him far, because I need him to answer that question.
The hon.
Gentleman makes a fair point and a good challenge.
I can assure him that the Home Secretary and I work incredibly closely with MI5 and  colleagues across Government to ensure that they have the resources they need to do the difficult job they do.
I mentioned the remarks that Ken McCallum made in his annual threat lecture back in October.
The nature of the threat we face is more challenging and complex than at any point in our lifetimes.
That does require resource and expertise.
The Home Secretary, I as Security Minister and all the Government will work to ensure that our security services have the resources they need to do the job.
I am grateful for the urgent question and thank the Minister for what he has said, in particular about the defending democracy taskforce.
Can he assure me not only that the Government will do all they can to secure our national security but, with respect to the activities of individuals with known links to the Chinese Government and who are considered to be a national security risk, that the fullest of investigations will be done to ensure the integrity of our national security?
I can give my hon.
Friend that assurance.
The United Front Work Department is said to have 40,000 members globally, and Mr Yang Tengbo is surely the tip of the iceberg in the UK.
The department is tasked with cultivating relationships not only with high-level figures that extend an influence to British nationals, but with those in all walks of society.
That means the public need to be much more aware of the risk to themselves.
What is the Minister doing to assess the number of those members in our society, and what public awareness campaign will he make for my constituents in Dundee and constituents across these islands?
The hon.
Member makes an important point about public awareness, and I will take that away and give it further consideration.
With regard to the remarks he made at the beginning, he has essentially underlined the importance of why we need the FIR scheme.
As I have said a number of times before, the Government are committed to implementing the scheme.
We are getting on and will implement it in the new year.
Notwithstanding the somewhat chiding tone of some of the comments from hon.
Members on the Opposition Benches, does the Security Minister agree with me that it is actually possible both to maintain a consistent and long-term relationship with China, as we must, and to take the robust measures that he has set out today to defend our national interests?
I do agree.
That is the challenge for any Government, regardless of their political stripe.
Yes, of course national security is the priority and we must defend against the threats that we face, but we also have to co-operate economically.
The Government will seek to balance those two responsibilities.