I believe that sport, as well as art and culture, can play a huge role in engaging and inspiring people, helping them on the pathway to skills, confidence and jobs.
I want to see that provision enhanced in future, because we are determined to have that at the national partnership level, and it needs to happen locally, too, to get people working and earning again.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help reduce the number of people in low-paid work.
Our plan to get Britain working is crucial to tackling low pay and increasing living standards in every corner of the country.
When only one in six people ever fully escape low pay, the Labour party believes that is not good enough, so our new jobs and careers service, backed by £55 million of additional funding next year, will kick-start our reforms to help more people get work and get on in their work so that they boost their living standards, too.
Average wages in my constituency of Crewe and Nantwich—a place with a proud industrial heritage—lag behind the regional and national averages at just £686 a week before tax.
Will the Secretary of State outline how the “Get Britain Working” White Paper will support growth as well as high-skilled, well-paid jobs in my constituency, not just the biggest cities?
The Government share my hon.
Friend’s determination to boost the living standards of his constituents, so the “Get Britain Working” White Paper will ensure that every local area—including in his constituency—produces its own get Britain working plan.
Alongside our industrial strategy, our plan to make work pay, the national wealth fund and Skills England, that will help people to get work and progress in their careers, with good opportunities for employment right across the country.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of means- testing the winter fuel payment on levels of pensioner poverty.
Under the last Conservative Government, an estimated 880,000 of the poorest pensioners eligible for pension credit were not claiming it.
We have launched the biggest ever pension credit awareness campaign and written to 120,000 pensioners on housing benefit, urging them to apply.
As a result, claims for pension credit have more than doubled, and those who receive pension credit will also receive winter fuel payments and other related benefits.
Before the last general election, the Labour party suggested that removal of the winter fuel payment would mean an extra 4,000 pensioners a year dying, freezing in poverty.
How many will die under the Government’s policy this year?
The Government remain absolutely committed to supporting low-income pensioners.
We are supporting them through the household support fund, which local authorities can use to help people on the lowest incomes with their bills.
The Minister for Energy Consumers, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Peckham (Miatta Fahnbulleh) , has also raised £500 million from energy suppliers to help those most vulnerable consumers in debt.
We also have the warm home discount and the warm homes plan to help those on low incomes to heat their homes.
Under the Conservatives, billions in pension credit went unclaimed.
The burden for driving up claims often lies in fantastic organisations such as Christians Against Poverty, the Falkirk and Clackmannanshire Carers Centre and Citizens Advice Falkirk and Denny, as well as the brilliant Falkirk council welfare benefits team in my constituency.
What assurance can the Minister give me that beyond  21 December  her Department will work tirelessly to prevent billions in benefits from being left unclaimed?
Indeed, we have taken forward the biggest awareness campaign for claiming pension credit that has ever been seen.
We are determined that those on the lowest incomes should claim pension credit and be awarded it, which will passport them to winter fuel payments and other related benefits.
The Scottish Government are bringing back the winter fuel payment because we are aware what an awful disaster this has been for the Labour Government.