Indeed, we have taken forward the biggest awareness campaign for claiming pension credit that has ever been seen.
We are determined that those on the lowest incomes should claim pension credit and be awarded it, which will passport them to winter fuel payments and other related benefits.
The Scottish Government are bringing back the winter fuel payment because we are aware what an awful disaster this has been for the Labour Government.
People are terrified  to switch on their heating.
Will the Minister please explain to pensioners living in poverty circumstances but not eligible for pension credit what they should do this winter?
Should they just wear an extra blanket?
The Scottish Government have been given a record settlement in the recent Budget.
As the hon.
Member knows, winter fuel payments and other benefits are devolved to the Scottish Government.
I thank the residents of York for donating to my thermals collection on Saturday, but I know that older people in the city of York will really struggle this winter.
Will the Minister say how many people across the country have signed up to pension credit since July and what additional steps will be taken to ensure that those who miss the  21 December  deadline will still be able to get support to keep warm this winter?
Claims have more than doubled—they have increased by 145% since late July—and we are working at pace to process those claims.
We have deployed an additional 500 staff to ensure that those on the lowest incomes get the pension credit that they need.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
As a lifelong champion of family carers, dealing with the problem of carer’s allowance overpayments is a priority for me and for my right hon.
Friend the Minister for Social Security and Disability.
Last week we set out the next steps in our independent review led by Liz Sayce, the former chief executive of Disability Rights UK.
It will report by the summer and will look at how and why overpayments were built up, the changes we can make for the future and how best to help those affected.
Along with the biggest ever cash boost to the earnings threshold for carer’s allowance announced in the Budget, it shows our determination to give family carers the support they need and deserve.
In Bognor Regis and Littlehampton more than 23,000 people have lost their winter fuel allowance—more than 90% of former claimants.
Does the Secretary of State think that it is fair that someone who has paid tax all their working life will now be taxed on their state pension as well as losing their winter fuel allowance?
The hon.
Lady talked about the winter fuel payment, but she failed to mention our determination to ensure that the 880,000 pensioners who do not claim pension credit, but are eligible, claim it so that they can get their winter fuel payment.
The £4.9 million allocated from the household support fund to West Sussex, which covers her constituency, can be used precisely for those pensioners just above the pension credit threshold who have worked hard all their lives but need extra support with the cost of heating.
I welcome the review into the overpayment of carer’s allowance, which will come as a huge relief to many people in East Worthing and Shoreham.
Can the Minister confirm that the Department will do everything it can to prevent family carers unnecessarily getting into debt?
Yes, I can confirm that.
We place a very high value on the contribution of family carers.
As my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State said, the Budget announcement on the carer’s allowance earning threshold will help avert inadvertent overpayments, and will make an additional 60,000 carers eligible for carer’s allowance.
We are determined to do everything we can.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.