Lady will understand, I am unable to say anything more about that, but a final decision will be made in due course.
The right hon.
Lady also asked about FIRS.
I can give her an assurance that we are progressing it at pace, and it is the Government’s strong intention to introduce it as soon as practically possible.
To that end, we intend to lay the regulations as soon as possible in the new year.
The shadow Home Secretary referred to “sycophancy” towards the Chinese, but I think that charge is better directed at Members of his own party.
It is less than five years since Theresa May went to Beijing, where she was praised by the state media; I know that because I was on that trip, in a former career.
She was praised for “sidestepping” human rights issues in the furtherance of the wider necessities of the trip.
Does the Minister agree that that is not the right approach to the Chinese?
I agree that is not the right approach; the current Government’s approach is the right one.
I have laid out the strategic approach we intend to adopt with China.
We have to be clear headed about the nature of the threat we face, but we also have to look for areas where we can co-operate as well.
Last year, as Home Secretary, I made the decision to exclude Yang Tengbo from the UK because his presence posed a threat to our national security.
That decision was based on the advice of MI5, and I am very pleased that the High Court has upheld that decision.
I say gently to the Minister that it is regrettable that it has taken a high-profile case, public outcry and Opposition MPs dragging the Minister to the Chamber to finally get the Government to commit to implementing the foreign influence registration scheme—a scheme that we enacted and that was ready to go at the time of the  general election.
If the Government are really serious about tackling the unprecedented threat posed by China—malicious cyber-attacks, transnational repression, the Confucius institutes, Chinese police stations, and of course human rights abuses against the Uyghur Muslims—when will they list China on the enhanced tier?
I was not going to make this point, but given the way in which the right hon.
and learned Lady has made hers, I will gently point out that the previous Government had a significant period from the passing of the National—
indicated dissent.
The right hon.
and learned Lady shakes her head.
It is a statement of fact that the previous Government had a significant amount of time—many months—from the passing of the National Security Act 2023, during which they could have chosen to implement FIRS.
They did not implement FIRS.
It now falls to this Government to do so, and that is precisely what we will do.
It is disappointing that some Opposition Members are trying to turn what should be a moment of collective unity in the face of a shared security threat into a political row.
Does the Security Minister agree that it is pretty incredible for the party whose Defence Secretary was sacked for leaking vital intelligence about the Huawei 5G contract now to pose as the protector of our national security?
I agree.
This Government’s approach will always be to work constructively across the House on matters relating to national security, but given the record of certain right hon.
and hon.
Opposition Members, I suggest that humility might be the order of the day for some of them.
I do not want to go over the readiness of FIRS again and again.
I will leave it at this: I was assured by the same officials who sit in the Box advising the Minister that it would be ready to go by the end of the year.
Clearly the advice has changed.