Benefit rates are reviewed each year, increasing by 6.7% last April and by 1.7% from next April, in line with inflation.
I thank the Minister for his answer, but I would like to focus on the age differential in the rates.
He will be aware that people under 25 receive a different rate of universal credit.
The Government announced that they will try to abolish the age differential for the national living wage.
If it could also be abolished for universal credit, that would be really good for young care leavers.
Will the Minister look at potentially phasing out the age differential in universal credit?
The hon.
Gentleman makes an interesting suggestion.
That is not something I am considering at the moment, but as he will have heard me say earlier, we will be reviewing universal credit over the course of the next year or so.
We certainly want to support young care leavers—he will know of the recent announcement that we made about changes to carer’s allowance—and we are keeping all those matters under review.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of the youth guarantee on young people in Harlow constituency.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of the youth guarantee on young people in Derby North constituency.
Our new youth guarantee will ensure that every young person is earning or learning, tackling the scandal that we inherited of almost 1 million young people not in education, employment or training.
Young people in Harlow, Derby North and across the country deserve the opportunity to work, get skills and build a better life, and that is what this Labour Government will deliver.
In my constituency of Harlow, lots of fantastic organisations provide transferable skills for young people, and I thank  the right hon.
Member for Basildon and Billericay (Mr Holden)  for reminding me of the name Jason Shaves, who is an incredible champion for that kind of work.
Does the Secretary of State agree that giving local areas such as Harlow the flexibility, power and funding to engage with young people in the way that best works for them will get them back into employment quicker?
I absolutely agree with my hon.
Friend.
That is why we are going to give new powers, responsibilities and funding to local areas to deliver our youth guarantee.
They know their communities best.
They know the voluntary organisations, schools, training providers and businesses, and the mental health and other support that many young people need.
In Harlow, I know that that approach will be key to giving young people the opportunities that my hon.
Friend wants and that they deserve.
Mel was out of work and homeless, but YMCA Derbyshire saw only her potential, not her disadvantage.
Now, she is at Toyota and on track for a  leadership role.
Its working assets programme has a 70% success rate in supporting homeless young people into employment.
How will the youth guarantee help the Government join up with, enhance and champion local programmes like that?
That sounds like a fantastic programme by the YMCA in my hon.
Friend’s constituency.
That is precisely why we need to join up with what local colleges are doing, with the support provided by local councils and with supported employment programmes run by the NHS.
If we join that up and base it on local needs, her young constituent and many others like her will get the chance they need and deserve to build a better life.
What steps she is taking to reform the health and disability benefits system.
We want to reform the system to do a much better job in helping people to enter and stay in work.
We will publish a Green Paper next spring and we will be discussing our proposals with disabled people.
To protect those in need and to deliver for taxpayers, we need to take tough decisions.