Friend the Secretary of State said, the Budget announcement on the carer’s allowance earning threshold will help avert inadvertent overpayments, and will make an additional 60,000 carers eligible for carer’s allowance.
We are determined to do everything we can.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
How many people who should get the winter fuel payment will get it this winter?
We intend to ensure that everybody who is entitled to pension credit, and therefore the winter fuel payment, claims it and gets it.
We have seen a 145% increase in claims—far more than was ever achieved under the last Government.
If the hon.
Lady was so concerned about that, perhaps she should have taken action during her party’s 14 years in government.
Unfortunately, the right hon.
Lady simply will not give a straight answer.
She will not tell the House what she knows; she knew that the Government’s choices would push 100,000 pensioners into poverty and she did not tell the House that, either.
Let us try this question instead.
The Government’s own figures show that pensioners applying now will have to wait until the spring to find out whether they will get winter fuel money.
What is her advice to a pensioner sitting in the cold and wondering if they can afford to turn on their heating this Christmas?
If the hon.
Lady cared so much about pensioners in the cold, why did her Government leave 880,000 not claiming pension credit?
Why did they first promise to bring together housing benefit and pension credit in 2011 and never deliver it?
This Government are taking action—42,500 more people are receiving pension credit now than when she left government.
We are determined to act; perhaps she should apologise for her failure.
Many of my more senior constituents are concerned about their finances and winter fuel payments, especially those just above the threshold.
In Slough, 1,688 households are currently eligible for pension credit but not claiming this vital benefit, so what steps is the Department taking to increase the uptake and ensure that those who are not eligible are not left out in the cold?
I place on record my thanks to the 160 local authorities that have worked with the Department for Work and Pensions to raise awareness of applying for pension credit, and also to the various charities around the country that have worked with us.
The number of people claiming pension credit has doubled—a record number—and we are processing those claims at pace.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
A report by the National Audit Office last week highlighted how cliff edges in the care allowance system have resulted in 136,000 people owing £250 million.
In the light of that, will the Minister ensure that we stop this injustice and stop the demands until a fairer system is introduced?
I welcome the NAO report, which I asked for last May, when I was Chair of the Work and Pensions Committee.
We are determined to address the problem of carer’s allowance overpayments.
The cliff edge could be dealt with through the introduction of a taper instead of the current arrangements, as the Chancellor mentioned in her Budget speech in the autumn.
If we do that, it will not happen quickly, because it will be quite a major project, but it is something that we are looking at closely.
My constituent Gary has seen his real-terms income fall because the pension he built up before 1997 in a defined-benefit scheme is not subject to indexation, even though 80% of defined-benefit schemes are in surplus.
Will my right hon.
Friend ask the Pensions Regulator to look at this issue?
I thank my hon.
Friend for representing the concerns of his constituent.
The Department is working closely with the Pensions Regulator.
We are looking to gather information on the number of schemes that provide discretionary increases on pre-1997 benefits and those that do not.