We want to reform the system to do a much better job in helping people to enter and stay in work.
We will publish a Green Paper next spring and we will be discussing our proposals with disabled people.
To protect those in need and to deliver for taxpayers, we need to take tough decisions.
Reforming health and disability benefits will require Ministers to make difficult choices, but so far the plans rely on reducing NHS waiting lists, which the Office for Budget Responsibility has said will have hardly any effect on economic activity.
Are Ministers willing to make unpopular decisions to solve this issue and, if so, when?
I can assure the hon.
Gentleman that we will make the right decisions, and they will be set out in our Green Paper in the spring.
There is a need to reform the health and disability benefits system—there is no question about that—and we want to talk to disabled people themselves about the details, in order to make sure that we get it right.
What assessment she has made of the potential impact of the “Get Britain Working” White Paper on people with a long-term health condition or disability.
Disabled people and people with long-term health conditions deserve the same rights as everybody else, including the right to work.
Many of the 2.8 million people out of work due to long-term sickness say that they want to work, if they can get the right help and support.
That is what our “Get Britain Working” plan will deliver.
A core objective of the “Get Britain Working” White Paper is to support disabled people into employment.
As the Secretary of State knows, the blue badge scheme is an important provision in enabling people to get to work, but data released this month shows a sharp rise in blue badge theft, with badges  being sold on by criminals for upwards of £500 to people who use them to avoid parking charges.
Will the Minister back my campaign to tackle this injustice?
Yes, I think it is disgusting that some people think it is all right to steal the blue badges that so many disabled people rely on to work, but also to socialise and to see family and friends.
I know that the Minister for Future of Roads, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Nottingham South (Lilian Greenwood) , who is responsible for this issue, is a strong supporter of the campaign by my hon.
Friend  the Member for Beckenham and Penge (Liam Conlon) .
I will contact her to stress my support and that of my entire Department.
The “Get Britain Working” White Paper rightly says that
“people deserve the opportunity to thrive and that sports, arts and culture are crucial to achieving this goal”,
especially for those with disabilities.
The Sovereign centre in Eastbourne, where I learned to swim, provides vital sports and leisure opportunities that will help serve that aim.
With the future of two of its pools being considered, does the Minister agree that to best honour the aims of the White Paper, Eastbourne borough council should engage with all interested providers who may be able to protect our fun and training pools at the centre before making any final decisions on the next steps?
Order.
I am not sure that was a relevant question, as well as the hon.
Member shoehorned it in.
Secretary of State, do you want to answer?
It is up to you.
I believe that sport, as well as art and culture, can play a huge role in engaging and inspiring people, helping them on the pathway to skills, confidence and jobs.
I want to see that provision enhanced in future, because we are determined to have that at the national partnership level, and it needs to happen locally, too, to get people working and earning again.
What steps she is taking with Cabinet colleagues to help reduce the number of people in low-paid work.