We are seeing no safe zones left.
We are told of the onset of famine, and that the number of people being killed keeps rising.
Will the Minister finally please listen to the calls of Members across this House, of the international communities and of the people working on the ground and call for an immediate ceasefire and unrestricted aid?
I have set out several times already today why calling for an immediate ceasefire may make us feel better but is not a practical resolution.
That is why—[Interruption.]
There is no difference between the analysis that the hon.
Lady makes, and the NGOs in her constituency, and my analysis.
The question is: what do we do about it?
That is why Britain, along with our allies, is continuously, on a 24/7 basis, doing everything practical that we can to get more food and support into Gaza.
My right hon.
Friend has mentioned the floating pier to be constructed by the United States.
What assurances has he received that the pier will be used solely for the delivery of humanitarian aid and not, as has been suggested, subsequently repurposed for military use?
It is early days yet to see precisely how that maritime initiative will deliver, but I do not believe that what my right hon.
Friend fears will be allowed to  happen as we tackle that issue.
We are giving strong support to all mechanisms for getting aid into Gaza—air, sea and land—but he, like me, will understand that the best mechanism is always by land.
I do not think I have ever received as many emails of concern from constituents as I have about the situation in Gaza.
As has already been said, over 500,000 Palestinians are at starvation levels and 27 children and three adults have died so far as a result of starvation and dehydration.
In the words of Medical Aid for Palestinians:
“This is not happening because the rains have failed or there has been a poor harvest.
It is because…the Israeli authorities refuse to allow enough food into Gaza”.
So I have this question for the Minister, and my Edinburgh South West constituents will be listening to the answer: does he agree that starvation as a weapon of war is a war crime?
The point that I hope the hon.
and learned Lady will make to her Edinburgh constituents is that she and I, the Government and the whole House are intent on ensuring that more food and more support get into Gaza as rapidly as possible.
That is what the Government are doing every day.
I welcome the hard work that the Minister is doing to get more aid in, to bring an end to the fighting and to get the hostages released, but it is appalling to think that large numbers of innocent people, including children, are about to starve when there is aid just over the border.
He is right that aid must flow across the border and that it is better to transport it in trucks, but if that is not possible, we must think of this like the Berlin airlift.
We have to get aid in by sea and by airdrops.
I welcome what the Americans are doing to drop aid on the shore, and we have to do whatever it takes to get the aid to the kids who are going to starve unless we get it to them.
I completely agree with the sentiments that my hon.
Friend expresses so profoundly.
He is right that every single mechanism must be explored, but he will know that the amount of aid we can drop from the air, the danger to those underneath and the danger of the aid being misappropriated and stolen by Hamas are very real difficulties.
He will also be fully aware of the difficulties of maritime entry.