Will the Chancellor be interested in meeting the families of the Windermere children, and those behind the new build and the provision of a new lasting memorial to their legacy, at Windermere at some point in the foreseeable future?
That is a very tempting offer, and I will see whether my diary permits me to visit the hon.
Gentleman in his constituency.
I have not seen the film, but I have seen a film on a holocaust theme called “The Zone of Interest”, which is a remarkable British-led film that I thoroughly recommend to him.
What recent assessment he has made of the strength of the economy.
What recent assessment he has made of the strength of the economy.
The economy is beginning to turn a corner after a series of unprecedented shocks.
Inflation has more than halved, GDP grew in January and the economy is on a path to long-term growth.
The economy has grown at a snail’s pace under the Tories, but that snail is still 30% faster nationally than in the north-east, despite our strengths in clean energy, manufacturing, science and health.
On average, my constituents are £11,500 worse off that they would have been had the economy grown at the same rate that it grew under Labour.
Is it any wonder that the Public Accounts Committee found no compelling evidence of levelling up?
Is a vote for the Tories not a vote for continued economic failure?
It is not, because we have grown faster than Spain, Portugal, France, Italy, Germany and multiple other countries since 2010.
With respect to the north-east in particular, the hon.
Lady is absolutely right to say that our vision is to spread growth into every corner of the country.
That is why, in the last three months alone, both the Prime Minister and I have been to the Nissan factory in Sunderland to mark its decision to make two electric car models in the UK.
Just last week, we announced the opening of a massive new film studio in Sunderland that will bring more than 8,000 jobs to the north-east.
According to the LSE’s Grantham Research Institute, the Government’s current programme for investment to mitigate the worst effects of climate change will still see climate change damage to the UK increase from 1.1% of GDP to 3.3% by 2050 and 7.4% by the end of the century.
To put it into context, that is the United Kingdom’s entire social care budget of around £25 billion.
The Climate Change Committee has said that the current approach to adaptation
“falls far short of what is required.”
Has the Treasury made any attempt to assess the cost to GDP, the public finances and jobs of failing to invest for climate adaptation?
We listen very carefully to what the Climate Change Committee says, and we are absolutely committed to net zero.
In fact, a Conservative Government passed the law requiring Governments to commit to net zero.
The hon.
Gentleman will know that we have just become the first major industrialised country to decarbonise by more than 50% since 1990.
As well as the costs, we  are also mindful of the economic opportunities, which is why we are investing billions of pounds in our clean energy transformation.
My right hon.
Friend will be aware that my constituency, which has Cambridge to the north, has fantastic new industries such as Johnson Matthey in Royston, which is at the forefront of hydrogen.
We have pharma companies to the south and some of the best film studios in the world in Hertfordshire.
Is he consciously trying to back those successful industries of the future so that our children and grandchildren have fantastic opportunities for the future?
That is absolutely what we are trying to do.
Film and TV is a good example here, as it has now become an offshoot of the technology industry.