Aid actually fell by half between January and February.
That is outrageous.
The continued restrictions on aid flows are completely unacceptable, and must stop now—just as Hamas must release the hostages now.
I do not doubt that the Minister agrees with me, but will he have the courage to say that the ICJ’s orders, including on aid, are binding, and that Israel must comply with them?
Do the lawyers at the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office believe that Israel is currently in compliance with its obligations?
Amid this accelerating hunger crisis, Prime Minister Netanyahu reportedly approved plans for an offensive against Rafah.
That would risk catastrophic humanitarian consequences.
It would be a disaster for civilians and a strategic mistake.
How are the Government working to prevent a further attack on Rafah?
The truth is this: it will not be possible to address the crisis in Gaza if the fighting does not stop—and that is also the best way to secure the release of hostages.
Will the Government finally join us and dozens of countries, and call for an immediate humanitarian ceasefire?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his questions and comments, which I will try to deal with more or less sequentially.
First, he asked me about the reports of famine.
The Integrated Food Security Phase Classification, or IPC, report is clear: it says that famine is a very real scenario.
We are doing everything we can to try to head that off, as I set out in my response to the urgent question.
In addition to famine, there is also  the danger of disease, the lack of health services, and the acute danger from the lack of clean water and effective sanitation.
We are doing everything we can to head off the appalling circumstances that the right hon.
Gentleman set out.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked about the number of trucks.
I can tell him that on Sunday, 192 trucks did get in, but that is woefully short of what is required.
It is more than have been getting in in March, which has averaged 165 each day so far, and in February that figure was only 97—although he will be well aware that before the crisis, more than 500 trucks a day were getting in.
The right hon.
Gentleman also asked about the ICJ.
As everyone in the House will know, the ICJ judgment is binding.
In respect of the offensive against Rafah, the Foreign Secretary and the Prime Minister, and indeed  all our allies, have consistently warned that an offensive against Rafah at this time would have the most appalling humanitarian consequences.
May I finish by taking the point that the right hon.
Gentleman again made about a ceasefire?
As far as I am aware, the position of the Labour Front Bench is still the same as the position of the Government: we are calling for an immediate pause so that we can get the hostages out and aid in—followed, we hope, by a sustainable ceasefire.
That is what we are working towards.
I call the Chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee.
May I start by putting on the record my gratitude to the Minister for the Middle East, who made significant representations ahead of Ramadan to reduce tensions in Jerusalem and allow access to the Al-Aqsa mosque, which so far remains calm?
The IPC report makes for breathtakingly difficult reading and the humanitarian situation is catastrophic, but it need not be.
May I ask that we please push harder on truck entry from Jordan and ensure that it is fully operationalised, and can my right hon.
Friend tell me when the House will be formally updated on whether Israel is demonstrating commitment to international humanitarian law?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her comments about my colleague Lord Ahmad, the Minister for the Middle East, which I will pass on to him.