Can the Treasury please stop allocating funds to France, which is clearly not stopping the boats, stop extortionate amounts being spent on hotels for illegal migrants, and reduce the foreign aid budget?
Maybe then we can give even more to our pensioners.
My hon.
Friend will be well aware that Government Members are implementing measures to tackle the very problems she outlines while turning the corner in the economy and doing everything we can to put more money back in people’s pockets, whether workers or pensioners.
What assessment he has made of the potential merits of reintroducing tax-free shopping for international visitors.
As set out at the spring Budget, we are considering the findings of the Office for Budget Responsibility’s review of the original costing of the withdrawal of tax-free shopping, alongside industry representations and broader data.
The Government welcome further submissions from stakeholders in response to the OBR’s findings as we keep all taxes under review.
Last week, the OBR informed the Treasury Committee that it has not assessed the Treasury’s forecast that it would cost £900 million to extend tax-free shopping to EU visitors.
The OBR has also failed to support the Treasury’s assumption that EU visitor behaviour and costs can be extrapolated from assessed non-EU data.
The UK retail industry firmly believes that it will cost as little as £50 million to reintroduce tax-free shopping for tourists.
As we mark English Tourism Week, is it not time that we had a full, independent review of the Treasury’s data on tax-free shopping?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her consistent championing of tourism, particularly during English Tourism Week.
It is not in the OBR’s remit to consider the effect of alternative policies and, as expanding tax-free shopping to EU visitors is not current Government policy, it has not considered that.
However, the findings of the review will be useful in giving insights on the overall behavioural incentives of the policy, which will be relevant for both EU and non-EU populations.
It is therefore right that the Government take time to consider the OBR’s findings along with other representations and within the context of broader data, as announced in the Budget.
If he will make a statement on his departmental responsibilities.
With your permission, Mr Speaker, I would like to update the House on living standards in the UK.
The most recent data suggest that despite a tough couple of years caused by the pandemic and the energy crisis, living standards will return to their pre-covid peak next year: a full two years earlier than originally predicted by the OBR.
They have risen by £1,700 a household in real terms since 2010, and this year’s cut in national insurance will increase living standards by 1%.
In other words, to coin a phrase, now is not the time to go back to square one.
Given that the Prime Minister has been forced to abandon his plans for an election on  2 May  and could soon be facing a leadership challenge, does the Chancellor of the Exchequer believe that his Budget landed well with the public or even his colleagues on the Government Benches?
I say very simply to the hon.
Gentleman, who used to be an hon.
Friend, that the Budget will mean that the UK economy will grow faster than that of France, Germany, Italy or Japan in the next five years.
That is doing the right thing for the country.
I would like to thank the Minister for the opportunity to meet UK Finance yesterday, which told me and other MPs that the industry plans to roll out 225 banking hubs in the next 18 months.
Given that my constituency has lost every single bank branch over the last few years, will the Minister help me to make sure that Leigh-on-Sea, which has 250 retailers, will get one of those 225 banking hubs?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question.