That is on the back of £96 billion of support during the energy crisis and nearly £400 billion of support through the global pandemic.
I would just point out to the hon.
Lady that the fundamental difference between Conservative Members and Labour Members is that we believe the best route out of poverty is through work, and our party is increasing employment.
Across Cornwall and the Isles of Scilly, most jobs are supplied by very small businesses, many of which fall below the VAT threshold.
Given the economic inequalities around the region, the increase of the VAT threshold to £90,000 is very welcome, but the threshold being that low and the cliff-edge effect of going from zero to 20% have a chilling impact on growing small businesses and providing all-year-round jobs.
Will the Minister consider introducing some sort of taper for that £90,000 threshold, and increasing the VAT threshold further—maybe in the region of £120,000?
My hon.
Friend is right: we increased the VAT threshold for small businesses, which will benefit 28,000 businesses across the country.
We feel that the £90,000 threshold strikes the right balance between managing public finances sustainably and supporting businesses, but as my hon.
Friend knows, we keep these things under review.
The port of Milford Haven in my constituency has been right out in front, taking a lead in investing in decarbonisation  and showing how it can boost the economy of Wales and reduce inequality.
Yesterday, it was told that its bid to the Government’s floating offshore wind manufacturing investment scheme—its port funding scheme—had been rejected out of hand.
Will my hon.
Friend ask his good friend the Chancellor of the Exchequer to meet me to talk about the important work being done at the UK’s leading oil and gas port, and about how the UK Government can support those efforts financially?
FLOWMIS is an incredibly important scheme in improving and enhancing our ability to expand floating offshore wind.
We are a huge supporter of my right hon.
Friend’s constituents and of the whole of Wales.
If the Chancellor cannot meet him, I would be very happy to do so.
Good morning, just, Mr Speaker.
What assessment he has made of the impact of raising the high-income child benefit charge threshold on household incomes.
The Government will raise the point at which child benefit is fully withdrawn to £80,000 from £60,000, and we will raise the high-income child benefit charge threshold to £60,000 from £50,000 from  6 April 2024 , taking 170,000 families out of paying the charge.
Overall, these changes mean that almost half a million hard-working families will gain an average of £1,260 towards the cost of raising their children.
Good afternoon, Mr Speaker. [
Laughter.]
These changes are welcome, and they mean that more Lincoln families will receive more support from the Government, as I told the Minister in Lincoln on Friday.
Will my hon.
Friend confirm when the formal consultation on basing child benefit on household income rather than on individual income will commence, if the civil servants in the Treasury will let him do it?
I thank my hon.
Friend.
It was a pleasure, as always, to meet him in his constituency on Friday, where we discussed this matter and many others.
The Government will launch a consultation in due course on how to end this unfairness by administering the HICBC on a household rather than an individual basis.
Doing so would require significant reform of the tax system, as our tax infrastructure does not currently have a mechanism to consider household income, but the Government plan to end the unfairness for single-earner families in the child benefit system by administering the HICBC on a household rather than an individual basis by April 2026.
I thank the Minister for that.
Child benefit income is an integral part of how families make their money last through the whole week.