and learned Friend, which is why trying to get the hostages home and out of Gaza, and trying to get food in, are absolutely our twin objectives.
In an extremely difficult circumstance, Britain is certainly right at the front of all countries in trying to achieve that.
It would not be sensible for me to give the House a running commentary on hostage release, but he will have seen that negotiations have resumed in Qatar.
Obviously, everyone in the House will hope that those negotiations are both speedy and successful.
A new independent multi-agency investigation by the United Nations into an Israeli military airstrike on a residential compound housing an emergency medical team—including from Medical Aid for Palestinians, a UK charity—has found that it most likely involved a 1,000 lb US-manufactured bomb fired from an F-16 jet.
Those F-16s include parts supplied by the UK.
Can the Minister today set out conclusively that no parts supplied by the UK were used to bomb a compound housing medical staff from a UK charity—will he rule that out?
The events that the hon.
Gentleman describes are appalling, and what the British Government would say is that there must be a full and transparent inquiry and examination into how those events took place.
It remains incredible that some people in this place can barely utter a word of criticism of the Hamas regime in Gaza, who themselves are being accused of stealing and hoarding aid.
With regard to the operation in Rafah, the Israeli Government have been very clear that hostages are being held there and that some of them have been subjected to sexual violence and other abuse.
Are we saying to the Israeli Government that they have no right to go in and seek to rescue those hostages?
No.
As my hon.
Friend knows, we have been absolutely clear throughout that Israel has the right to self-defence, and what he is describing is covered by the right to self-defence.
He sets out eloquently that absolute blame for what has happened lies with Hamas for perpetrating the events of  7 October , and once again he is absolutely right to set out that context.
We are talking as if famine is imminent, but the fact is that the UN reports that 27 Palestinian children have already died from starvation and hunger.
Josep Borrell has said that hunger should not be used as a weapon of war, and I hope that the Minister would agree.
We need that ceasefire immediately.
We need it to get the hostages out, we need it to get aid in, and we need it to get all the killing to stop.
My question to the Minister is simple.
What we are doing is not working, but there is one more thing we can do, which is to change how we vote at the Security Council.
Will the UK stop abstaining and join the rest of the world in calling for that immediate ceasefire now?
The hon.
Lady speaks on these matters with great knowledge and great sincerity, and I greatly respect what she says.
The problem with calling for an immediate ceasefire is that it may salve our consciences but it is not deliverable, because neither side in this appalling brutality is willing to embrace a ceasefire.
That is why the policy of the British Government is to argue in every way we can for a pause, so that we can get the hostages out and get aid in, which can then lead to a sustainable ceasefire.
That is what we will continue to do in all international fora, including the United Nations.
Over the past few months we have all listened to the Minister explaining that the Government have been begging, pleading with and pressing the Israeli Government to allow more aid in, but seemingly to little effect.