When has the UK Government ever given England Barnett consequentials based on needs in Wales, Scotland or Northern Ireland?
Surely the model of spending under which the Government in England decides for England, and everyone else gets a consequential of   that, must end.
Nordic countries do not calculate spend as a percentage of their neighbours’ spend.
Why is the spending of Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland dependent on what England decides to spend?
The Barnett consequentials formula is long established.
It gives a clear framework, through which we can understand spending in the devolved nations.
The hon.
Gentleman will know that it means higher per-person funding in each of the devolved nations than in England.
I am delighted that my right hon.
Friend the Chancellor is seeking to make the tax system more family friendly, including by collecting household data in the years ahead, but being family friendly includes looking after the family home.
Sweden abolished inheritance tax in 2004.
The result was a boom in entrepreneurship, economic growth and higher tax revenues.
Will he, or one of the excellent ministerial team, meet me to discuss that further?
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his advocacy in support of families.
We have had conversations, and I know that he very much welcomes the changes to the high-income child benefit charge and child benefit.
We always keep taxes under review, and I am always delighted to meet him.
Does the Chancellor accept that he has caused a great deal of anxiety and further distrust among those who have been infected and affected by the contaminated   blood scandal by not making any provision in his Budget for compensation, although the recommendations for compensation were made to the Government last April?
I gently say to the right hon.
Lady that I stand by every word I said when I gave evidence, twice, to the infected blood inquiry.
The Government have an absolute moral responsibility, not just to pay the compensation owed, but to pay it as speedily as possible.
I would like to join the Economic Secretary to the Treasury and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Southend West (Anna Firth)  in discussing the closure of banks.
Barclays bank, in particular, is both shameful and shameless in this regard.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that we need full transparency on the decisions made by Link and the Financial Conduct Authority?
Something we learned yesterday that may be of interest to those in Chorley, Mr Speaker, is that the criteria take into consideration only the town plus areas within a 1 km circumference.
That is not how the rural economy works.
Will the Economic Secretary work with me to ensure that the criteria take into account the wider economy?
My right hon.
Friend is another good example of a Member who is an excellent champion for her constituents, on this issue and so many others.
As for her specific point, it is right for the industry to work out how it will increase provision and adapt the criteria for rural areas, but I will work with her to ensure that the banking hubs are rolled out in an equitable way, to rural as well as more urban areas.
Urgent Question)  To ask the Secretary of State if he will make a statement on the situation in Gaza and Israel.
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his question.
Israel suffered the worst terrorist attack in its history on  7 October  last year.
The scenes that we saw on that day were appalling, and Hamas’s disregard for civilian welfare continues today, more than five months later.
We remember all the time those who are still being held hostage and their families, and we call once again for their immediate release.
However, we naturally remain deeply concerned about the humanitarian situation in Gaza and the impact of the conflict on all Palestinian civilians.
We have borne witness to death and displacement on a vast scale.