Friend tell me when the House will be formally updated on whether Israel is demonstrating commitment to international humanitarian law?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her comments about my colleague Lord Ahmad, the Minister for the Middle East, which I will pass on to him.
In respect of international humanitarian law, we are going through the necessary legal processes, which are complex, but I can tell her that as soon as we are in a position to update the House on what we have set out clearly before, we will do so.
I call the SNP spokesperson.
I take absolutely no satisfaction in saying that a month ago in this Chamber I said that innocent people will die because of Israel’s decision to prevent food from getting to those who need it.
The reports of an imminent famine should surprise no one; we have all known that this deliberate, man-made famine was coming.
The Foreign Affairs Committee has just returned from al-Arish, on the Egypt-Gaza border, where we saw hundreds and hundreds of lorryloads of food and aid waiting for permission to get into Gaza.
Let us be very clear about our language here: the people of Gaza are not starving; they are being starved.
Does the Minister accept that there is no food shortage in the region?
Does he accept that people are starving to death just 44 miles from Tel Aviv—the distance between Glasgow and Edinburgh—as a direct result of the Israeli siege and the premeditated decision to cut off food supplies?
Does he also accept that starving a civilian population to death is a war crime?
Finally, does he still believe that the UK is right, both legally and morally, to continue selling weapons to Israel?
On the hon.
Gentleman’s final point, he is well aware of the arms sales regime that Britain adopts.
As I have said to him before from the Dispatch Box, it is the toughest regime anywhere in the world.
[Interruption.]
If I may say so, the difference between him and me is that he sees things as we would wish them to be, but we in the Government have to deal with them as they are.
That is why we are taking so many steps to try to achieve the release of the hostages, and to get aid and support into Gaza.
One of the points the hon.
Gentleman makes is right, and it is echoed by the shadow Foreign Secretary: the way to get aid into Gaza is by road and by truck.
Of course we are doing everything we can to explore every way, including the maritime route and dropping aid from the air, but at the end of the day, aid is delivered by road.
That is one reason why we are working so closely with Jordan to ensure that the aid route into Gaza by road is enhanced.
At the end of the day, that is the right route to get aid in, and we are doing everything we can to try to make sure that it is pursued.
Last time, I asked my right hon.
Friend about progress on trying to have a hostage transfer, because right at the core of this conflict is the visceral feeling of the Israelis that they want their people home, which anyone can understand.
Has any progress been made, and would he like to update the House on where we are with that?
I completely agree with my right hon.
and learned Friend, which is why trying to get the hostages home and out of Gaza, and trying to get food in, are absolutely our twin objectives.
In an extremely difficult circumstance, Britain is certainly right at the front of all countries in trying to achieve that.
It would not be sensible for me to give the House a running commentary on hostage release, but he will have seen that negotiations have resumed in Qatar.