Friend and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Kensington (Felicity Buchan)  on their great work on this project.
There appears to be a compelling case, and I know that the programme team at the Department of Health and Social Care is looking closely at the proposal.
The Fife whisky festival took place in Cupar earlier this month, and was a great success.
The industry welcomes the freeze in alcohol duty, but notes that it is only for six months.
When will the Government provide the longer term consistency that the industry needs?
Our support for the Scotch Whisky Association is long-standing, and it was a pleasure to meet its representatives recently.
We have frozen or cut duty for Scottish whisky in fiscal events going back many years.
We are representing the Scotch Whisky Association in trade agreements, and that support will endure long into the future.
In response to the spring Budget, I have heard from constituents who feel that they may have been forgotten.
Under the Conservatives, the number of pensioners living in absolute poverty has been slashed by 200,000 across the country, and we have protected the triple lock, but could my   right hon.
Friend please remind me of all the steps that his Department is taking to support Hartlepool’s pensioners, so that I can tell them on the doorsteps this weekend?
I would be delighted to do that.
The independent Resolution Foundation said that, because of measures that this Government have taken, pensioners are £1,000 better off in real terms than in 2010.
We did two things specifically in the Budget: we put £6 billion into the NHS, which is used more by pensioners than anyone else; and we backed workers’ tax cuts to support growth in the economy, which means that we can continue to fund the triple lock for many years to come.
One of my constituents wrote to me last week about her son Fred.
He has Down’s syndrome and severe learning disabilities, is profoundly deaf and has an autism diagnosis.
His parents and grandparents did the right thing and put money into a child trust fund for him.
Fred will be 18 next month, but he lacks the capacity to access his money and there is no easy way for his parents to do so.
Will the Chancellor work with colleagues in the Department for Work and Pensions and the Ministry of Justice to unlock the money for Fred and an estimated 80,000 disabled young people?
I am happy to meet the hon.
Member to discuss the precise circumstances of his constituent’s case.
In general terms, it is a priority for us to ensure that people get access to that money if it is due to them.
I call the Chair of the Treasury Committee.
Did the Chancellor see an article yesterday in which the independent director of the Institute for Fiscal Studies confirmed that the average earner in the UK now has the lowest effective personal tax rate since 1975—lower than in America, France, Germany or any G7 country?
Someone on £35,000—the average earnings for those working full time—faces an income tax and national insurance bill of nearly £2,000 less than they would have done on the same real earnings back in 2010.
Does the Chancellor agree that now he has changed the rules on residence and domicile, the Opposition’s unfunded spending plans could lead to higher taxes—
Order.
These are topical questions, and I want to get to the Members who have not yet been called.
I thank my hon.
Friend for her excellent question.
She is right that it is not just the lowest effective tax rate for someone on average earnings since 1975, but the lowest headline tax rate and the lowest tax rate in the G7.