Given that my constituency has lost every single bank branch over the last few years, will the Minister help me to make sure that Leigh-on-Sea, which has 250 retailers, will get one of those 225 banking hubs?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question.
First, it is important to note her consistent championing of this issue for her constituents, for which she deserves huge commendation.
To her precise question, it is important that industry, not the Government, makes decisions about bank branches or banking hubs, but she has made her case very ably.
I urge her to work with Cash Access UK and LINK to ensure that she has the best chance of securing one of those new 225 banking hubs, as outlined by the industry, in her constituency.
We come to the shadow Chancellor of the Exchequer.
After the Budget, the Chancellor wrote to Conservative party members telling them that the Government planned to abolish national insurance.
The Economic Secretary said that “national insurance will vanish”, and the Prime Minister said it was his “ambition” to abolish it.
Will the Chancellor confirm whether he asked the Office for Budget Responsibility to cost the Government’s unfunded plan to abolish national insurance contributions?
I am very glad that the right hon.
Lady asks about national insurance cuts, because first she supported them, then she abstained in the Lobby, and now she appears to be against them—like the bankers’ bonus tax, which she was strongly in favour of and then strongly against; like £28 billion of borrowing, which she was strongly in favour of and then strongly against.
Is not the actual truth that, where Labour should have an economic policy, there is just a black hole filled with platitudes?
The Chancellor did not even attempt to answer the question.
The chair of the OBR told the Treasury Committee the week after the Budget:
“It was not a measure given to us to cost”.
Even the Chancellor’s predecessor,  the right hon.
Member for Spelthorne (Kwasi Kwarteng) , who was sacked for his own kamikaze Budget, said, “If you’re going to   reduce taxes, you have to show at least partially where the money’s going to come from.”
So I ask the Chancellor: where will the money come from?
Will it come from cuts to the NHS, the state pension and public services?
Will it come from increasing taxes, including for pensioners?
Or will it come from increasing borrowing?
Which one, Chancellor?
Even Torsten Bell from the left-leaning Resolution Foundation said that the right hon.
Lady’s argument that this was a mini Budget-style black hole was nonsense, because we specifically said that we would not fund national insurance cuts from increasing borrowing or cutting spending on public services.
I gently ask her, if she wants to put on the mantle of fiscal rectitude, where is Labour going to find literally billions of pounds to fund unfunded spending pledges, from grid decarbon-isation to NHS waiting lists?
We all know what that will lead to: higher taxes, like under every Labour Government in history.
St Mary’s in Paddington is a much-loved, much-used hospital in my constituency.
Although it was taken off the list of 40 new hospitals to be redeveloped, I am delighted to be working with my hon.
Friend the Member for Kensington (Felicity Buchan) and the Minister in the Lords responsible for hospitals to make a case with the trust to ensure that it is redeveloped.
Could the Chief Secretary to the Treasury please update the House on the timeframe for making available Government funding so that we can submit the planning business case for the redevelopment?
I commend my hon.
Friend and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Kensington (Felicity Buchan)  on their great work on this project.
There appears to be a compelling case, and I know that the programme team at the Department of Health and Social Care is looking closely at the proposal.