Is he consciously trying to back those successful industries of the future so that our children and grandchildren have fantastic opportunities for the future?
That is absolutely what we are trying to do.
Film and TV is a good example here, as it has now become an offshoot of the technology industry.
Films such as “Barbie” have been filmed in Hertfordshire but have the look of the Californian sunshine; they can withstand the British rain because of the use of high-tech devices that simulate Californian sunshine, even in  my right hon.
and learned Friend’s constituency.
What he sets out is our absolutely our plan and we will  stick with it.
In response to covid, this Government introduced the furlough scheme, and delivered and funded the world’s first vaccine.
In response to the energy price spike, this Government introduced comprehensive support for families.
The Office for Budget Responsibility, so beloved of the shadow Chancellor, had its long-range forecast for 2025 to 2028 showing GDP increasing every year, GDP per capita increasing every year, average earnings increasing every year in real terms and productivity increasing in real terms.
So does the Chancellor agree that when the shadow Chancellor says that we face a 1979 moment, she is right: a choice between a Labour party still in hock to its union bosses and a Conservative party committed to growth?
I have nothing to add to my hon.
Friend’s brilliant list of statistics, except to cite another independent organisation, the International Monetary Fund, which says that in the next five years this country, under Conservative leadership, will grow faster than France, Germany, Italy and Japan.
The British people are paying the price for 14 years of Conservative economic failure, with lower wages, higher taxes and public services on their knees.
Time and again, the Conservatives hide behind international factors and take no responsibility for their failures.
Yet figures from the OECD confirm that the UK is the only G7 advanced economy now in recession and, according to the IMF, our economy is forecast to have the second slowest growth in the G7 this year.
So can the Chancellor tell us: why is the UK so far behind other major economies under the Conservatives?
Well, it is not, because it is actually growing faster than France, Germany and a bunch of other countries.
However, I am glad that the hon.
Gentleman mentioned 14 years, because we can look at what has happened under 14 years of Labour in Wales,  where unemployment is higher, NHS waiting lists are longer, school standards are worse and growth is lower.
What is Labour’s reaction to that terrible record?
It has just promoted the Economy Minister to First Minister.
What recent assessment he has made of the potential impact of his tax policies on living standards.
What recent assessment he has made of the potential impact of his tax policies on living standards.
What recent assessment he has made of the potential impact of his tax policies on living standards.
Thanks to the combined impact of national insurance cuts and above-inflation increases to thresholds since 2010, an average worker on £35,400 in 2024-25 will pay over £1,500 less in personal taxes than they otherwise would have done.
These national insurance contribution cuts were possible due to the significant progress we have made in combating inflation.
I heard what the Minister has to say but does he not recognise the OBR’s assessment of the interplay between the Government’s threshold changes and NICs?
The OBR concludes that for every 5p gain per year there is a 10p loss, particularly for those on lower wages.
Does he accept the OBR assessment?
I am sure that if the hon.
Gentleman looks carefully, he will see that the Government have demonstrated their commitment to supporting the most vulnerable in society.
He will also have heard my hon.