Equally, spending has gone up in real terms over this Parliament too.
The hon.
Gentleman will have noticed that at the beginning of my answers, I explained that Scotland is getting £295 million extra this year through Barnett consequentials.
It is no wonder that the Institute for Fiscal Studies says that there is a “conspiracy of silence” from both the Government and the Labour party over the scale of these cuts.
As a percentage of UK spending, the Scottish block grant is set to fall to its lowest ever level under devolution, dwarfing its other plans.
For Scotland, House of Commons Library figures show capital funding falling by 16% over the next two years.
The Chancellor has already confirmed that the Scottish energy sector is the biggest loser from his Budget, and he is doubling down.
Why are this Government and this Chancellor trying to be the new hammer of Scots?
The only area in which I agree with the hon.
Gentleman is that I would love to know what the Labour party’s spending plans are for the next Parliament—perhaps Labour Members will enlighten us this evening.
I will repeat what I said at the beginning about capital: the Scottish Government have unlimited ability to switch from resource spending to capital spending.
That is a choice that they have.
What recent fiscal steps he has taken to help reduce regional economic inequalities.
What recent fiscal steps he has taken to help reduce the level of economic inequality between the north and south of England.
The Government continue to tackle regional economic inequalities and level up the United Kingdom.
The Government are empowering local leaders through a range of devolution deals, regenerating places across the country and investing in vital infrastructure.
In response to this month’s Budget, the director of the Institute for Public Policy Research North has said that
“This Budget is the government’s admission that it has given up on levelling up this parliament, despite there being much left to do.”
Delivering on the Government’s levelling-up commitments would mean that my constituents would benefit from reduced social welfare dependency, increased earnings potential, and improved health and wellbeing.
Does the Minister not think that my constituents and all citizens outside London and the south-east deserve the benefits that come with economic prosperity?
We are committed to levelling up, and are delivering on it across the country.
Median pay growth has been higher in every region outside London and the south-east under this Government, and the hon.
Gentleman’s constituency is receiving £19 million from round 1 of the levelling-up fund and £20 million from round 3.
We have announced a Greater Manchester trailblazer devolution deal and a Greater Manchester investment zone, which will bring more jobs and prosperity for all of his constituents.
I have heard what Ministers have said this morning, and I must be living in an alternative universe.
Liverpool has some of the most deprived wards in the country, which have experienced poverty and destitution over the past 14 years as a result of austerity.
Some 300,000 people have accessed the household support fund, and while we are a resilient city and will continue to support those households, can the Minister explain what safety net will be put in place to support those in poverty and destitution when the household support fund ends in six months’ time?
The hon.
Lady is right to highlight the fact that we have extended the household support fund for the most vulnerable.
That is on the back of £96 billion of support during the energy crisis and nearly £400 billion of support through the global pandemic.
I would just point out to the hon.
Lady that the fundamental difference between Conservative Members and Labour Members is that we believe the best route out of poverty is through work, and our party is increasing employment.