The Minister might want to try again to explain why it is essential that we remain committed to the ISDS elements of the CPTPP.
It is time for a clear-eyed assessment of the risk that the ISDS poses to our interests.
With the leave of the House, the Opposition will press new clause 5 to a vote.
There continue to be significant concerns about the environmental impact of accession to the CPTPP, and the impact on food standards and on animal welfare.
The CPTPP covers two of the 11 deforestation fronts expected to account for 80% of deforestation by 2030.
A range of environmental groups are very concerned that when the UK joins the CPTPP, preferential access to our markets will be created as a result of the removal of tariffs on palm oil.
That could increase demand for products from threatened zones and exacerbate the risk of further deforestation.
Ministers still have not published —never mind presented to this House—deforestation due diligence legislation under section 17 of the Environment Act 2021, so it is difficult to accept Ministers’  claims that they are fully committed to our climate change targets, and to protecting important sources of global biodiversity.
On food standards, deep concerns remain that, despite their protestations, the deals that Ministers have negotiated, including the CPTPP, will allow into the UK ever more food produced to lower standards, particularly animal welfare standards.
The whole House will remember the words of the former Environment Secretary,  the right hon.
Member for Camborne and Redruth (George Eustice) , who told the House that the Minister and his colleagues had given away
“far too much for far too little”.—[Official Report,  14 November 2022 ; Vol.
722, c. 424.]
when they negotiated the UK-Australia free trade agreement.
The Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals and the National Farmers Union, in particular, have raised concerns that new tariffs negotiated with Mexico and Canada will leave farmers in the UK much more vulnerable to imported eggs, pork and chicken that are produced to standards that would be illegal in the UK.
The Pesticide Action Network UK raised concerns acknowledged by the Trade and Agriculture Commission—concerns also raised by an hon.
Friend behind me—that more food produced using pesticides banned in the UK will be imported into the UK
New clause 7 would require Ministers to publish a plan to help businesses benefit from the new trade deal.
It is striking that the Office for Budget Responsibility, in its recent Budget analysis, made it clear that trade will make a negligible contribution to growth through to 2028 under Conservative party plans.
We remember that the Secretary of State was appointed and within weeks exports began to fall.
Then the Minister of State was reappointed to the brief and exports fell even further.
Who could possibly have expected that to happen?
Ministers have cut funding for trade missions led by business groups themselves, and cut funding for small and medium-sized enterprises to get to trade shows to open up new markets for themselves.
The Government website for helping exporters is so poor that some firms use other countries’ websites to find where there might be opportunities.
Ministers could and should be doing a whole lot better to support our businesses to take advantage of any benefits in trade deals.
New clause 7 would require Ministers, once the accession process is over, to publish a clear implementation plan to help businesses benefit from CPTPP.
Preference utilisation rates for other trade deals certainly do not offer any grounds for complacency.
Given that exports under the Conservative party have performed worse than every other member of the G7 bar Japan over the last decade, it was striking that the Chancellor had nothing to offer exporters and, strikingly, no mention of any plan to help British business exploit our coming membership of CPTPP in his recent Budget.