Friend expresses so profoundly.
He is right that every single mechanism must be explored, but he will know that the amount of aid we can drop from the air, the danger to those underneath and the danger of the aid being misappropriated and stolen by Hamas are very real difficulties.
He will also be fully aware of the difficulties of maritime entry.
That is why we are doing everything we can to argue for more points of entry into Gaza, more trucks and more land routes to get the aid in that is desperately needed.
The ICJ’s interim ruling makes it clear that the killing of Palestinians in Gaza must stop, but it has not; that immediate humanitarian aid must be allowed into Gaza, but it is not; and that the safety and security of civilians must be guaranteed, but it is not.
As a result, more than 1 million Palestinians in Gaza are left starving and on the brink of famine, as confirmed by today’s IPC report.
The Israeli Government continue to flout international law by using starvation as a weapon of war.
Children are starving, civilians are being killed and medical facilities are being attacked.
What will it take for this Government to stand with international humanitarian law and oppose  the actions of the Israeli military?
How many more innocent Palestinians must be massacred?
How many more children must die through starvation?
When will the Government call for an immediate ceasefire?
The one thing that is missing from the hon.
Gentleman’s list is an urgent call for the release of the hostages.
In answer to the hon.
Gentleman’s question, Israel must do more.
We set out very clearly the five steps it needs to take: an immediate humanitarian pause; increased capacity for aid distribution inside Gaza; increased humanitarian access through land and maritime routes; expanded types of humanitarian assistance allowed into Gaza, such as shelter and items critical for infrastructure repair; and the resumption of electricity, water and telecommunications services.
I hope that we can unite with everyone else in this House on going after those five key aims.
The Israeli hostages must be released, and innocent Palestinians in Gaza must be supported.
The Foreign Affairs Committee met Egyptian President el-Sisi when we were in the Gaza border region a fortnight ago.
What particular support can this country provide to the Egyptians on delivering aid and averting a potential humanitarian and refugee crisis if the situation is not stabilised?
I thank my hon.
Friend and all the Select Committee members for their work, their visits and the powerful arguments they have added to those of the Government.
In response to my hon.
Friend’s direct question, I met the head of the Egyptian Red Crescent in Egypt.
We are in very close contact to make sure that British aid and British support enhance the excellent efforts that the Red Crescent is doing everything it possibly can to prosecute.
It is clear that Prime Minister Netanyahu has not taken the slightest notice of anything the British Government or even the Americans have been saying.
Mrs Thatcher suspended arms sales to Israel in 1982, and Tony Blair did the same in 2002.
What on earth would it take for this Government to follow their example?
The right hon.
Gentleman refers to the views of Prime Minister Netanyahu, and he will know that both our Prime Minister and the Foreign Secretary have engaged directly with Prime Minister Netanyahu to ensure that he is fully aware of what Britian thinks.
The right hon.
Gentleman will also be aware that Israel is a pluralist democracy—the only one in the region.
He will be aware that Israeli Minister Benny Gantz, whom the Foreign Secretary recently met in London, has different views from Prime Minister Netanyahu.
There are many different views, and Britain strongly supports the views that I have set out to the House today.