I am sure that if the hon.
Gentleman looks carefully, he will see that the Government have demonstrated their commitment to supporting the most vulnerable in society.
He will also have heard my hon.
Friend  the Member for North East Bedfordshire (Richard Fuller)  explain the circumstances as to why we have higher taxes than we would desire.
If the hon.
Gentleman is telling me that Labour party policy is to change the thresholds, perhaps he can have that conversation with the shadow Chancellor, who can explain how she would pay for that.
The OBR has said that this will be the worst Parliament on record for living standards and the only one in which they have fallen: people are poorer after 14 years of this Government.
We do not need fiscal tweaks; this economy needs renewal.
It needs to bring in investment on a major scale, and a new age of education, training and employment in the real economy.
My constituents cannot afford to wait while the Tory party looks for its polling fortunes to change.
Have we not now reached the point where the best thing for the economy is a general election?
I completely disagree with the hon.
Gentleman’s explanation.
Not only will I repeat that our constituents completely understand the difficult global circumstances, with the pandemic and the cost of living challenges following the invasion of Ukraine, but I can say that we have grown faster since 2010 than many other major economies, and the IMF forecasts that we will grow faster than Germany, France, Italy  and Japan.
In the year to the third quarter of 2023, real household disposable income per person was around £1,100 higher than the Office for Budget Responsibility expected in its spring Budget 2023 forecast.
We have turned a corner, and the best thing to do is to stick with the Conservatives.
The Minister says that the economy has turned a corner, but households will be £870 worse off on average under the Conservatives tax plan, and they will also be seeing their costs up by £110 a week compared with before the last election.
Is the Minister proud of his record?
We are immensely proud of our record since 2010: living standards have increased, and growth is now better than that of many other major economies.
Our absolute commitment to protecting the most vulnerable in society was shown recently when we provided an average of £3,400 in cost of living support for each household.
We have turned a corner, and the economy is improving.
I am just disappointed that the Opposition constantly talk down the UK economy and their constituents.
Will my hon.
Friend confirm that, following the 4p cut in national insurance that the Chancellor has introduced, the tax take on workers will be the lowest it has been for 50 years?
In St Austell and Newquay, two people in a household on average incomes will be paying £1,800 less this coming year than they did last year.
Yes, absolutely, my hon.
Friend has pointed out an important point on how we have had a laser focus on reducing the personal tax rates.
Furthermore, the measures announced in the autumn statement and in the spring Budget will significantly add to economic activity, contributing about 200,000 full-time equivalent jobs to the economy, and I am sure that the whole House will welcome that.
Pensioners can often struggle because they have a fixed income, so I was pleased that the Chancellor stuck with the triple lock last year, guaranteeing an increase of 10.1%.
Will the Minister explain how the 8.5% rise that people will be getting in a couple of weeks’ time will make a difference to their living standards?
My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
It is the case that not only have the measures in the autumn statement and the spring Budget helped workers, but we have also focused on helping pensioners.