My hon.
Friend makes an important point.
It is the case that not only have the measures in the autumn statement and the spring Budget helped workers, but we have also focused on helping pensioners.
Those on the new state pension will benefit to the tune of about £900 a year, which is significant, and the national insurance cuts will benefit the average worker —27 million employees—by £900 a year.
Therefore, we have implemented a fair and balanced Budget and fair and balanced measures.
Families in Stoke-on-Trent North, Kidsgrove and Talke have been supported by this national insurance cut, which means that the average family will be £1,800 a year better off.
The freezing of the fuel duty means that motorists will be able to get around without being unfairly charged at  the pump.
Money from this Government has enabled Stoke-on-Trent to cut bus fares by a third, so that people can travel around.
We have had £56 million from the levelling-up fund and £17.6 million for the Kidsgrove town deal, which means that the sports centre will be refurbished and reopened, improving people’s health chances.
The Labour party closed it because it could not be bothered to pay a single pound to save it back in 2017.
Is it not the reality that we have a clear plan that will help the families of our great constituencies, particularly in Stoke-on-Trent North, Kidsgrove and Talke, while Labour will borrow more, tax us higher and lead us back into recession, just as it did in 2008-09?
I could not agree more with my hon.
Friend.
This is fantastic, and I think it is a recurring pattern, Mr Speaker.
We have positivity, optimism, and confidence in the future of the UK economy from Conservative Members, but absolute negativity from Opposition Members, because they have no plan, they have no clue and they have no hope.
We have a plan and it is working.
I call the shadow Minister.
Why does the Treasury Minister think people feel worse off after 14 years of Conservative Government?
As I said, we are turning a corner and have therefore made measures to put money back into people’s pockets.
I do not think it would come as a surprise to the hon.
Gentleman’s constituents, or to those of any Labour Member looking at the Labour Opposition’s recent record, that Labour claimed on the one hand that it was supportive of tax cuts, but last week failed to support those tax cuts when it came to it in Parliament.
The Minister did not answer the question about why the public feel worse off.
We on the Labour side of the House know why.
He mentions tax cuts, but he does not talk about the freezing of tax thresholds, or indeed about the council tax that is about to be levied on people, not just this year but each year for the next five years.
Why cannot he admit that, for every 10p extra in the pound taken from people since 2010, the Government are only now giving back just 5p?
If I am hearing correctly, the Labour Front Benchers are announcing fundamental changes to policy that they have not yet costed.
They did not object, as far as I am aware, to any of the measures required to support households and businesses during the pandemic, which necessitated increases in taxation.
We are now reducing the level of taxation because we have turned a corner.
They did not support that.
It is interesting that they say one thing but then do not take action.
I think they need to explain to their constituents why they failed to support the tax cuts last week.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of the Spring Budget 2024 on levels of block grant funding for Scotland.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of the Spring Budget 2024 on levels of block grant funding for Scotland.