That is why the policy of the British Government is to argue in every way we can for a pause, so that we can get the hostages out and get aid in, which can then lead to a sustainable ceasefire.
That is what we will continue to do in all international fora, including the United Nations.
Over the past few months we have all listened to the Minister explaining that the Government have been begging, pleading with and pressing the Israeli Government to allow more aid in, but seemingly to little effect.
Has he now reached the conclusion that the Israeli Government are wilfully obstructing the entrance of aid into the Gaza strip?
If so, that would presumably be a breach of the International Court of Justice’s ruling, and indeed of international humanitarian law.
What would be the consequence of that conclusion?
I do not agree with my right hon.
Friend’s premise, because I do not think we are in the position to reach that judgment, but the point he is making is that it is essential to get more food, aid, support and medicine into Gaza, and every day the British Government are working intently to that end.
Mr Speaker,
“Famine is a reality…the highest hunger level of anywhere else in the world in terms of total numbers…all manmade…A ceasefire is an absolute requirement”.
Those are the words of Matthew Hollingsworth, the country director of the World Food Programme, and of the UN Secretary-General.
Starvation is indeed being used as a weapon of war.
In Gaza, it is clear that Israel is engineering a famine for more than 2 million civilians.
It is also clear that UK diplomacy has failed, so the Minister must now indicate what action the Government will take to escalate pressure to stop Israel’s military  assault, to demand a ceasefire and to ensure that emergency assistance is provided through UNWRA to those being starved to death.
I think that many people in Israel and elsewhere will find part of what the hon.
Lady has said profoundly offensive.
She is right to say that the characteristics of famine are present in Gaza, as I set out in my earlier response, and that is why we are doing everything we can, together with our allies, to get as much food and support into Gaza as possible.
Officials on the ground have stated that Hamas are appropriating —or misappropriating—as much as 60% of the humanit-arian aid entering the Gaza strip.
This is part of a long pattern of prioritising fighters, abusing aid to produce rockets and using construction materials to build hundreds of miles of tunnels for their terror activities.
We know that they do it; they have done it for years and they are doing it now.
Does my right hon.
Friend share my concern that Hamas are flagrantly disregarding the humanitarian needs of the people of Gaza, while Israel has been increasing the amount of aid going in exponentially?
I very much agree with my right hon.
and learned Friend that Hamas are using ordinary people in Gaza as a human shield.
It is utterly repugnant as well as completely against international humanitarian law and, like him, I condemn it.
Humanitarian organisations have been warning repeatedly that this would happen.
A group of us met them last week, and when this conflict started I met Islamic Relief, which is based in my constituency.
We now end up here, where we are seeing healthcare being attacked and systematically degraded.
We are seeing no safe zones left.
We are told of the onset of famine, and that the number of people being killed keeps rising.
Will the Minister finally please listen to the calls of Members across this House, of the international communities and of the people working on the ground and call for an immediate ceasefire and unrestricted aid?