New clause 7 would require Ministers, once the accession process is over, to publish a clear implementation plan to help businesses benefit from CPTPP.
Preference utilisation rates for other trade deals certainly do not offer any grounds for complacency.
Given that exports under the Conservative party have performed worse than every other member of the G7 bar Japan over the last decade, it was striking that the Chancellor had nothing to offer exporters and, strikingly, no mention of any plan to help British business exploit our coming membership of CPTPP in his recent Budget.
For those reasons, I am sympathetic to new clause 10, tabled by  the hon.
Member for Gordon (Richard Thomson) .
On amendment 1, as the Minister knows and as the hon.
Member for Chesham and Amersham set out, there remain serious doubts from industry about whether the changes the Bill allows for in relation to the UK’s copyright framework are actually required.
We have had different explanations for the changes from Ministers.
At one point they were due to the CPTPP.
On another occasion they were being made to comply with other international treaty obligations signed decades ago.
What is clear is that the changes could have a significant impact on the ability of the music industry to support new British artists.
Because of those concerns, Ministers were forced to bring forward a consultation on the changes.
The consultation will not finish until after the Bill has completed its passage through both Houses.
In the worst-case scenario estimated by the Intellectual Property Office, the changes could cost over £100 million.
It is likely that Royal Assent will have been granted before we know the outcome of the consultation process.
Ministers were forced to bring this issue forward, which I have to say is just the latest example of, at best, a half-hearted approach to the scrutiny of trade issues by those on the Treasury Bench.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer was asked—
What fiscal steps he is taking to support creative industries.
At the spring Budget, the Government announced a package of tax reliefs for our world-leading creative industries worth £1 billion over the next five years, including a 40% relief on business rates for eligible film studios in England and enhanced tax reliefs for visual effects.
As we know, the UK’s cultural offer is world-beating and, particularly through the performing arts, the UK projects soft power across the globe.
While welcoming the progressive tax breaks for our incredible film industry, it would appear that our far-reaching, high-end television offer has been left behind in the recent Budget.
Does my right hon.
Friend have plans to redress this deficit to ensure that the UK remains first on screens around the world?
No one knows more about high-end TV than my hon.
Friend.
Whoever said that politics is showbusiness for ugly people was absolutely wrong in his case.
I will take away what he says and consider high-end television as a potential future Budget measure.
The Chancellor will be aware of the award-winning film “The Windermere Children”, which talks about the legacy of those Jewish children who survived the death camps in central Europe and made a new life for themselves on the banks of Lake Windermere at Troutbeck Bridge.
For the last several years, there has been an ongoing exhibition on their legacy at Windermere library, and now we look to build a lasting memorial alongside a rebuilt Lakes School at Troutbeck Bridge.
Will the Chancellor be interested in meeting the families of the Windermere children, and those behind the new build and the provision of a new lasting memorial to their legacy, at Windermere at some point in the foreseeable future?
That is a very tempting offer, and I will see whether my diary permits me to visit the hon.
Gentleman in his constituency.