Friend is right to engage in the way that she is with her small businesses.
We believe that the £90,000 threshold, which has just been increased, strikes the right balance between managing the public finances and supporting small businesses.
I encourage her to look at the wider package of support that the Government are providing for small businesses, not least the business rate relief that I was just talking about.
Will the Minister have discussions with his counterparts in the devolved institutions to ensure that the likes of sole traders and small businesses see a reduction in bureaucracy to make them more profitable, offering more business opportunities to more people across the United Kingdom?
I can assure the hon.
Gentleman that the Government engage frequently with our counterparts in the Northern Ireland Administration, and that will continue to be the case.
According to the Federation of Small Businesses, two in three small businesses are suffering from late payments.
We are now 14 years into a Tory Government.
Why do the Government not follow Labour’s lead and strengthen the law on this?
We are acutely aware of this issue, and I have had meetings with the FSB.
That is why the Chancellor has announced plans to improve the situation for small businesses.
I am happy to outline that in writing to the hon.
Gentleman.
One of the requests from female-led businesses in my constituency, including Cùrlach and Rock’n Rollers, was for a VAT cut for hairdressing businesses.
Can the Minister tell me why that was not considered in the Budget?
These businesses are an important part of our high streets and they are often led by women, who have missed out significantly in the Chancellor’s Budget.
We of course support hairdressers, our high streets and women-run businesses, which is why we have extended the retail, hospitality and leisure relief to 75%.
Cutting taxes for hard-working people is what the Conservative Government do.
What recent assessment he has made of the impact of his income tax policies on pensioners.
The Government have nearly doubled the personal allowance since 2010, and in 2024-25 it will be more than 20% higher in real terms than if it had been uprated by inflation since 2010-11.
The personal allowance is currently set at a high enough level to ensure that pensioners whose sole income is the full rate of the new state pension, or the basic-rate pension, do not pay any income tax.
I have been contacted by pensioners in my constituency who get a full state pension plus protected payments from the old scheme.
The increase in their pensions in line with inflation has put them over the personal allowance threshold for paying income tax, which has eaten away at that increase.
Was it the Minister’s intention in the Budget to drag pensioners into paying income tax?
As I have outlined, and as the Resolution Foundation and others have pointed out, pensioners have gained about £1,000 on average as a result of the Government’s decisions since 2010 to increase thresholds.
Some pensioners rely solely on the state for their incomes, and we are supporting pensioners through a variety of other measures: not only the triple lock but pension credit and cost of living support.
Pensioners across the country will benefit from the 8.5% increase coming in April.
I welcome the recent tax cuts.
We need to ensure that those who work hard and do the right thing are rewarded in their old age.
Can the Treasury please stop allocating funds to France, which is clearly not stopping the boats, stop extortionate amounts being spent on hotels for illegal migrants, and reduce the foreign aid budget?
Maybe then we can give even more to our pensioners.
My hon.