I recognise that this has been a very challenging time for Safe Hands customers.
The hon.
Member will be aware that the FCA, as the independent regulator of the funeral plan sector, is responsible for dealing with specific cases.
However, the Treasury and the FCA have worked closely throughout the process of bringing the sector into regulation, as well as during the implementation of the new regulatory framework.
My experience of the FCA and the Safe Hands funeral plan fiasco is that it took six months to reply to my freedom of information request and pleaded commercial confidentiality to key questions, and that, despite being warned, the Treasury failed to support consumers moving from an unregulated sector into regulation.
It appears to me that the Treasury missed opportunities to support consumers and is still shuffling its feet.
At least 47,000 people are out of pocket to the tune of £60 million.
They were trying to protect their loved ones from expensive funerals at the worst of times.
Will the Minister consider an independent review of this matter?
A constructive response is needed to ensure that Safe Hands victims can have confidence in a system that for too long has let them down.
I share the hon.
Member’s anger at how Safe Hands customers have been treated.
The business is under criminal investigation by the Serious Fraud Office and its administrators are bringing legal action against the former owner of the Safe Hands business.
In the Treasury, we do not believe it is right to use taxpayer money to compensate consumers who lose out due to the conduct of unregulated firms; Safe Hands was not within the regulatory perimeter at that time.
However, we have worked with the sector so that the two largest providers of funeral plans have agreed to provide significantly discounted replacement plans for the customers who have found themselves so badly treated.
What assessment he has made of the potential impact of increases in the cost of living on households in 2024.
The rise in inflation caused by Putin’s illegal war in Ukraine and the subsequent energy price shock has put enormous pressure on households.
Thanks to work by the Bank of England and the Government, the rate of inflation is going down, with the Office for Budget Responsibility expecting it to be back to target next autumn.
Since the disastrous Tory mini-Budget of 2022, households are continuing to feel the squeeze at the supermarket, with food prices continuing to rise and real wages falling for the longest unbroken run  since records began.
Food prices have risen by 26% over the last two years.
When will the Government listen to those who wish to follow the lead of Canada and France by introducing a price cap on staple food items at the supermarket?
Real wages are now, happily, starting to rise and, as I have said, the OBR has said that inflation will be back to target next quarter.
What would not help the cost of living is putting people’s taxes up, as the Scottish Government are doing.
The tax burden is at a record high, wages are stagnant, rents and mortgages are up by hundreds of pounds, and food prices have gone up by 25%.
The Resolution Foundation has confirmed that this is the only Parliament on record during which living standards have fallen.
Our constituents deserve better.
When is the Minister going to give the British public a chance to vote for change and call for a general election?
We have talked a lot today about the £400 billion of support that we put in during the pandemic and the £100 billion of support that we put in to support people during Putin’s energy price shock.
The Labour party did not disagree with any of those things, and I think the hon.
Lady in her heart of hearts will know that we have to pay for that—at least, I hope she does.