Friend  the Member for Birmingham, Hodge Hill (Liam Byrne) , and by  the hon.
Member for Totnes (Anthony Mangnall)  and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Walthamstow (Stella Creasy) .
We were promised by the Secretary of State and by the Minister in Committee that there would be a debate under the CRaG process, as opposed to there being just this small implementing Bill.
We now know that the debate will not happen, so that is another broken promise on trade.
The impact of new countries joining the CPTPP will vary, but could be considerable in certain situations.
It is only right that this country expects the House to consider those impacts carefully.
I hope that the right hon.
Member for Chingford and Woodford Green, and the hon.
Members for Totnes, and for Chesham and Amersham, can be persuaded to support our new clause.
It would achieve what they want in practice and go further.
With the leave of the House, we will press our new clause to a vote.
On new clause 5, I hesitate to damage the reputation of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Brighton, Kemptown (Lloyd Russell-Moyle)  and my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Hayes and Harlington (John McDonnell) ,  who made excellent speeches on the ISDS.
Over the past 10 years, the marked acceleration in usage of the ISDS by large, litigious corporations to challenge Governments’ climate-related or other environmental decisions has prompted concern at the highest levels in the US, in European capitals and at the UN, so much so that Governments across the world are increasingly excluding or revoking the ISDS provisions.
The problem with the ISDS is that it is secretive; it avoids perfectly effective domestic public legal systems; it discriminates against small and medium-sized businesses; it often prevents the voice of those with a genuine interest in the decisions from being heard; and it holds back environmental and other progressive public policy changes.
Strikingly, the OECD could find no sustained evidence that the ISDS was key to securing and maintaining business investment.
The Nuffield Trust’s briefing for today’s debate stated that the ISDS could enable companies to challenge some health regulations and NHS policies.
The US, Canada and the European Union have all taken steps to revoke the ISDS provisions in some of their major treaties.
The average amount—this is just the published cases—that Governments have been forced to pay, from taxpayers’ money, is about $600 million for climate cases.
It seems even more noteworthy that the UN Secretary-General’s special rapporteur on environment and human rights expressed concern just last September that the ISDS was a significant threat to the net zero transition, the Paris agreement and tackling climate change.
Some in government clearly share some of those concerns, as they wanted to exclude the ISDS from the bilateral trade deal with Canada, and supported its abolition from trade with the European Union.
The Minister was somewhat evasive in Committee.
Initially, he tried to duck questions on why the Government wanted to exclude the ISDS from a bilateral trade agreement with Canada but were quite happy to leave it in the CPTPP for Canadian investors to use.
Given that Ministers have signed side letters with Australia and New Zealand to disapply the ISDS between our countries in the CPTPP, it seems bizarre that they have not attempted a similar approach with Canada.
Just after Committee, the Government confirmed that they were pulling out of the energy charter treaty, in which ISDS arrangements play a major role, saying that it does not fit with net zero ambitions.
The Minister might want to try again to explain why it is essential that we remain committed to the ISDS elements of the CPTPP.
It is time for a clear-eyed assessment of the risk that the ISDS poses to our interests.
With the leave of the House, the Opposition will press new clause 5 to a vote.