What assessment he has made of the impact of raising the high-income child benefit charge threshold on household incomes.
These changes are welcome, and they mean that more Lincoln families will receive more support from the Government, as I told the Minister in Lincoln on Friday.
Will my hon.
Friend confirm when the formal consultation on basing child benefit on household income rather than on individual income will commence, if the civil servants in the Treasury will let him do it?
I rise to speak to new clauses 4 to 7 and amendment 1.
I draw the attention of the House to my entry in the Register of Members’ Financial Interests in relation to BPI.
Let me at the outset say what a particular pleasure it was to listen to the maiden speech of my new hon.
Friend,  the hon.
Member for Kingswood (Damien Egan) .
His description of his constituents’ comments to him during the by-election will chime with all on the Opposition side of the House.
It is clear that he will be an asset to the House, and I think it is fair to say that south London’s loss is undoubtedly Kingswood’s gain.
We support accession to the CPTPP because of its geopolitical benefits and the benefits to trade, relatively limited thought they are set to be.
Given that the Conservative party has delivered a recession, a cost of  living crisis and the worst growth rate in the G7, any uptick in trade and ultimately growth, however limited, would be welcome.
There remain, however, a series of concerns about the Government’s approach to the CPTPP and trade deals.
Our amendments and new clauses seek to address the weak arrangements for parliamentary scrutiny of trade deals; the growing concern about the investor-state dispute settlement; and issues around performers’ rights, environmental, animal welfare and food standards, and the help that businesses will be offered to exploit the benefits, however limited, of this deal.
On new clause 1, I recognise the concerns articulated by  the right hon.
Member for Chingford and Woodford Green (Sir Iain Duncan Smith) , which were echoed by  the right hon.
Member for North Somerset (Sir Liam Fox) , and I am sympathetic to the former’s call for an enhanced role for Parliament.
I am also sympathetic to new clause 11 from  the hon.
Member for Chesham and Amersham (Sarah Green) , under which Parliament would require an assessment of the impact of any new country’s joining the CPTPP.
However, I think we need to go further than both those new clauses do.
Labour’s new clause 4 would require Ministers to publish such an impact assessment in Parliament and to give the House a vote on any new country joining the CPTPP.
Given the security issues, the impact on particular sectors of the economy and on jobs in the UK, as well as the opportunities that an accession could bring, the British people surely have a right to expect this House to consider the merits, or lack of merit, of any new accessions to the CPTPP.
During the Lords debate, the Minister said that he thought that a new state joining CPTPP would trigger the CRaG process in the UK, but the CRaG process, as increasing numbers of Members across the House have largely come to agree, is clearly not fit for purpose; PACAC is the latest Committee to make that clear, in its recent report.
New clause 4 provides the opportunity to reform part of that process.
Let me refer to what was said by the Chair of the Business and Trade Committee, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Birmingham, Hodge Hill (Liam Byrne) , and by  the hon.
Member for Totnes (Anthony Mangnall)  and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Walthamstow (Stella Creasy) .