As a consequence, an enormous amount of money is saved on recruitment and invested into training and retention instead.
Would the Minister meet my constituent to learn more about the success of Visiting Angels and how it can be shared more widely to help solve the shortage of workers in the care sector?
Order.
Can Members please cut their questions in half?
Otherwise, I will have to stop this questions session and people will not get a chance at all.
I would be delighted to meet my hon.
Friend’s constituent.
What the employer does is really important for retention and recruitment of adult social care staff, along with our ambitious workforce reforms for the care workforce.
The Health Secretary declared at the weekend that the Government will miss their target to cut NHS waiting times if doctors strike to defend their pay and conditions, but she seems to forget that since the Tories took power in 2010, waiting lists for hospital treatments are up, A&E waiting times are up, cancer referral times are up and ambulance response times are up.
The only thing that has fallen is not waiting times; it is public confidence  in the Government.
Will the Minister finally admit that the threat to waiting time targets is not striking doctors, but her party being in government?
I assume from the hon.
Gentleman’s question that he fully supports our efforts to get consultants back into hospitals as well as junior doctors and doctors in training.
It is all very well to sit there commenting, but we on the Government side of the House are working with doctors to try to help them look after the NHS for us all.
While I recognise that money does not grow on trees, neither do teeth.
Can my right hon.
Friend advise me of how quickly my North Devon constituents will be able to see the NHS dentists they so desperately need?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right: there is a lot more that we can do.
We are working at pace to see what announcements we can make on the dental recovery plan as soon as possible.
In the meantime, she will be aware that, in the south-west, NHS England has commissioned additional urgent dental care appointments that people can access via NHS 111.
Last week, the former Health Secretary admitted at the covid inquiry that sick pay across the UK is “far too low”.
It is far lower than the European average and encourages people to go to work when they should be getting better.
Does the Secretary of State agree with her predecessor?
What discussions will she have with her Cabinet colleagues to improve the inadequate sick pay system?
I will not comment on evidence from the covid inquiry, given that it is an independent inquiry.
However, on the general principle of encouraging people back into work, we have the plans set out by the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions and the Chancellor at the autumn statement.
We want to encourage people back into work and to support them when they fall ill and need help from the state.
Last year, I asked the Government to show me the money with respect to £118 million of long-awaited capital funding for south Essex hospitals.
With £8 million now delivered and the other £110 million now confirmed to be on its way, will the Secretary of State please come with me to Southend Hospital and see how that vital money will transform care in Southend and Leigh-on-Sea?
I will be delighted to visit that hospital with my hon.
Friend—I suspect that I will be visiting a lot of hospitals.
Was the Secretary of State consulted about yesterday’s announcement by the Home Secretary?
If she was, did she agree with him that it will have no impact on overseas recruitment, or does she hear the fear of care providers about its consequences?
Yes, I was.