Was the Secretary of State consulted about yesterday’s announcement by the Home Secretary?
If she was, did she agree with him that it will have no impact on overseas recruitment, or does she hear the fear of care providers about its consequences?
Yes, I was.
What is more, we looked carefully at the figures in relation to overseas care workers.
We are grateful to all international people who work in our NHS and our care system, but we need to  tackle the migration rate, which is too high.
The package presented yesterday by the Government is a thoughtful and careful one to tackle legal migration.
Stroud Maternity Hospital is doing a great job, but the post-natal beds are still not open.
We have been chasing a ministerial meeting about that for some time.
Will my hon.
Friend meet me and the Gloucestershire NHS scrutiny chair, Andrew Gravells, to discuss the issue?
We think that we need some help with the Care Quality Commission.
I am happy to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss that specific issue.
We are doing a piece of work on a capital survey of all maternity units as well as working with the CQC on how capital infrastructure—beds and so forth—are impacting on maternity performance.
Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder medications  are essential to many people.
In response to my written question last month, the Department outlined “disruptions to the supply”, which are expected to “resolve in early 2024”.
How have the Government allowed that to happen?
What plans does the Department have to prevent a similar situation from occurring in the future?
As I said in an earlier response, there is a global shortage of ADHD medication.
As we set out in our response to her written question, we expect that to be resolved shortly.
Lobular breast cancer treatment must be improved.
Will the Minister meet my constituent and me to discuss how?
Yes.
Excellent—that is how to do it.
Cancer remains the leading cause of death by disease in children and young people, with nearly 500 dying every single year, yet the Government continue to reject calls for a dedicated children’s cancer plan.
Why is that?
As the hon.
Member knows, cancer will be part of the Government’s long-term strategy for diseases.
Improving cancer treatment wait times is a top priority for the Government, with a key focus on the elective care recovery plan backed by an additional £8 billion in revenue funding across the spending review period.
In response to a written question that I submitted, I was told that the Department of Health and Social Care holds no central data for diagnosis and treatment of those with eating disorders and has no idea how many mental health nurse appointments are available in GP surgeries, despite all the funding.
Do Ministers agree that that is a disgrace?
NHS England holds some of that data.
Central data is one of the things that we are introducing right now to improve our access to data.
It  makes it difficult to plan services when we do not have that dataset, but we are working to resolve that as quickly as we can.
Farmers face many serious mental health challenges, including the financial precipice that this Government have led them to.
According to the Farm Safety Foundation, 95% of young farmers in this country identify poor mental health as their biggest hidden challenge.
Will the Minister meet me and the Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs to discuss how we can best support farmers and farm workers to develop robust mental health strategies?
I attended the National Farmers Union session in Westminster just before the launch of our suicide prevention strategy.
We recognise that isolation and loneliness in rural communities is an issue.
I am happy to meet any hon.
Members who wish to discuss how we can better support farmers, improve their mental health and reduce suicide rates.