The two-week target from GP referral to a first consultant appointment for breast cancer has not been met since March 2020.
I know from my own experience of breast cancer that the waiting is terrifying, wondering whether it has been left too late and the cancer has become incurable.
How much longer will patients have to wait before the Government can meet their own targets and deliver the timely care that patients need and deserve?
I genuinely thank the hon.
Lady for her warm welcome, and indeed I welcome her to her first outing at the Dispatch Box.
As she was describing where  the hon.
Member for Ilford North (Wes Streeting)  is, I had images of “I’m a Celebrity… Get Me Out of Here!”
Sadly for citizens in Wales, they are experiencing what it is like to live under a healthcare system run by Labour, and they might fully agree with that sentiment.
The hon.
Lady raises the important issue of breast cancer, and the NHS has an ambition to diagnose 75% of cancers as stages 1 or 2 by 2028.
In January last year we provided £10 million of funding for 28 new breast screening units and nearly 60 life-saving upgrades to services in the areas where they are most needed, because we understand our constituents’ concerns and also their determination that we continue to improve cancer survival rates.
Unfortunately, the reality is that cancer referrals have only got worse with the Conservatives in government.
In September 2023, only 74% of urgent cancer referrals to a consultant met that two-week target.
That is the second-lowest rate for two-week referrals since 2009.
When can the public expect this performance to improve?
We have in fact made progress by delivering record numbers of urgent cancer checks, and levels of first treatments following an urgent cancer referral have been consistently above pre-pandemic levels, with activity in September standing at 108% of pre-pandemic levels on a per working day basis.
Some six months ago, the dentist based at Firthmoor community centre, serving 8,000 of my constituents, handed back its contract to the integrated care board.
I was shocked last week to learn that the ICB has still not commenced the tender process to replace that provision.
What advice can the Minister give me to ensure that our ICB is doing what it needs to do?
My hon.
Friend has already raised this issue with me several times in the almost two weeks I have been in this post,  so he is doing a great job, and he is right to raise it.
Tendering exercises for NHS dentistry are bound by current procurement law, but I am happy to meet him to discuss how much faster we can go to get this sorted out.
Brexit broke Britain and it is continuing to wreak havoc on supply chains.
The shortage of ADHD medication is now set to drag on into next spring.
The shortage has seen 70% of patients forced to ration their supply of ADHD drugs, with 62% reporting an increase in suicidal thoughts.
What steps is the Minister taking to ensure that supplies of these vital medications are reaching pharmacies across the UK?
The shortage of ADHD medication is a global issue; it is not Brexit-related.
We are hoping to have some positive news over the coming weeks.
My local practice, on Heath Lane in Earl Shilton, released its “did not attend” figures.
Between 20 November and  24 November, 69 appointments—including 36 GP appointments and 28 nursing appointments—were missed.
That was 12 hours lost in five days.
If that is happening up and down Hinckley and Bosworth and across the country, that is thousands of hours being missed.
I know that the Government are keen to see more on data, so will they consider statementing patients on how much missed appointments cost, because clinically that would make a big difference to the awareness of what people are cashing out on?