That was 12 hours lost in five days.
If that is happening up and down Hinckley and Bosworth and across the country, that is thousands of hours being missed.
I know that the Government are keen to see more on data, so will they consider statementing patients on how much missed appointments cost, because clinically that would make a big difference to the awareness of what people are cashing out on?
May I thank my hon.
Friend for bringing his professional expertise to the Chamber?
Of course, minimising “did not attends” is a critical part of ensuring that clinical time is optimised, and I will take his suggestion away and mull it over.
I understand that pathology staffing levels at Royal Blackburn Hospital have not been reviewed for 15 years and the workload is up 300%.
The national deficit in pathology is a ticking time bomb, as hospitals are unable to offer surgical and emergency services.
What steps is the Minister taking to address recruitment and ensure that staff and patients are safe?
I understand the hon.
Lady’s concern.
As she knows, we share a local NHS hospital trust.
I am very keen to work with her on this issue.
Of course, this Government are the first to introduce a long-term workforce plan for the NHS, which will deliver thousands more clinicians for a range of services across the NHS in the years to come.
Last month, the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence said that Kaftrio, Orkambi and Symkevi are effective treatments against cystic fibrosis, but are too expensive to put on the NHS’s list.
CF is a death sentence, so what can the Secretary of State do to make sure that this medication is put on the shelves to save thousands of lives in the future?
My hon.
Friend makes a very important point.
NICE has yet to publish its final guidance and is continuing to work with all parties to address the issues raised in the draft guidance.
The Government encourage manufacturers to work with NICE in setting a price that represents value for the NHS.
I can assure the House that existing and new patients who are started on treatment while the NICE evaluation is ongoing will have access after it has issued its final recommendations, irrespective of the outcome.
As we know, there are strong links between financial difficulties, mental health and suicide.
The poorest 10% are twice as likely to die from suicide than the wealthiest 10%.
With so many people struggling to make ends meet, how is the Minister going to ensure that those seeking financial support get access to mental health support, and that those seeking mental health support get access to help with their finances?
May I pay tribute to the hon.
Lady for her work on the all-party parliamentary group on suicide and self-harm prevention?
She knows that financial difficulty is a priority area in the suicide prevention strategy, because we know it is a high risk factor.
That is why suicide is now everyone’s business—not just the Department of Health and Social Care, but our colleagues at the Department for Work and Pensions, His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs and all Government Departments.
Anyone who has financial stress and pressure will be given support to reduce their risk of suicide.
My constituent Dan Archer runs the highly successful Visiting Angels care agency, which has an annual staff turnover rate of just 13%, compared with an industry average of 60%.
The secret to his success is very straightforward: paying decent wages, investing in training, valuing staff and prioritising client satisfaction.
As a consequence, an enormous amount of money is saved on recruitment and invested into training and retention instead.
Would the Minister meet my constituent to learn more about the success of Visiting Angels and how it can be shared more widely to help solve the shortage of workers in the care sector?
Order.