Friend elaborate on the efforts the Government are making to de-escalate the conflict, in the hope that this would reduce civilian casualties?
Of course, the single biggest thing that could happen to escalate this conflict would be for it to turn into a regional conflict.
I am thinking, in particular, of Hezbollah on the northern border with Lebanon, as well as what could happen from Syria, from Iranian-backed terrorists in Iraq and, of course, from the Houthis.
This could get worse in a variety of places, which is why sending ships and military for deterrent purposes has been so vital and has been our primary approach to preventing this conflict from turning into a bigger regional conflict.
Can the Secretary of State tell us what role the RAF base in Cyprus is currently playing in this situation?
Is any military matériel being moved through that base?
The hon.
Lady will know that the RAF bases in Cyprus are a very useful asset.
They are being used, for example, to provide support to our military in the area.
To answer her specific question, I can assure her that we have provided no offensive military weapons to Israel during this conflict.
In fact, our military exports to Israel are quite low.
Last year’s figure was something like £48 million, which is not a very significant amount of money.
During the conflict, we would provide only defensive matériel, or matériel that might help with the recovery of hostages.
I applaud the decisive actions of my right hon.
Friend and the Government to defend our strategic ally, Israel, against Hamas, but the grim reality on the ground right now is that Hamas continue to fire dozens of rockets at Israeli towns and cities.
The Iran-backed terror group have fired more than 10,000 rockets since  7 October  and show no sign of stopping their violent attacks against Israel.
Will my right hon.
Friend not only commit to continuing his support for Israel in defending itself against Hamas, but reassure the House that every possible step is being taken to counter Iran’s links across the region, which are causing instability?
My hon.
Friend makes an excellent point that the conflict would be over immediately if hostages were released and Hamas stopped firing rockets into Israel—there would not be a cause for conflict.
Indeed, that is the policy Israel followed for many years, hoping that, even though rocket attacks continued, Hamas would not take advantage of their own population by using them as human shields and building infrastructure under hospitals, schools and homes.
Unfortunately, that is not the Hamas way.
That is what they have done, and my hon.
Friend is absolutely right to identify Iran as being behind this whole evil business.
The Secretary of State needs to be very clear with the House: 15,000 people have already died in Gaza, and 1,200 have died in Israel.
Israel is clearly pushing the entire population southwards, if not out of the Gaza strip altogether.
Is Britain involved in the military actions that Israel has taken, either physically or by providing information in support of those military activities?
I think the House needs to be told.
What is the long-term aim of British military involvement in Gaza?
The simple answer is no, and I hope that clears it up.
I am surprised to hear the right hon.
Gentleman talk just about people being killed.
They were murdered.
They were slaughtered.
It was not just some coincidental thing.
I understand and share the concerns about the requirement on Israel, on us and on everyone else to follow international humanitarian law.