Can everybody please cut out those bits that say their constituency is  beautiful, for example, and just ask a question?
We all believe that our constituencies are beautiful, and none more so than mine.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
My priority as Secretary of State is to reform our NHS and social care system to make it faster, simpler and fairer.
Since my appointment, we are making progress.
To make our system faster, we have hit our manifesto target to recruit and retain 50,000 more nurses for our NHS, and to deliver 50 million more GP appointments, achieving both commitments months ahead of time.
We have made an offer to health unions that I hope will end the consultants’ strike, which has disrupted care for the public and put a strain on staff.
To make our system simpler, we have announced Pharmacy First, which will make it quicker and easier for millions of people to access healthcare on the high street.
To make our system fairer, we have agreed a deal with pharmaceutical companies that will save the NHS £14 billion in medicine costs and give patients access to more life-saving treatment.
The NHS is one of the reasons I came into politics—[Interruption.]
I know Labour Members do not like to hear that, but I look forward to working with patients and staff across the country—[Interruption.]
Order.
I do not need any help, thank you.
The Secretary of State has answered the first question at length.
I am sure that means she will answer the other questions much more briefly.
People with disabilities and serious health conditions already have higher living costs, and the proposals in the work capability assessment activities and descriptors consultation will mean that if they are reassessed they will lose £390 a month.
I appreciate that the Secretary of State is new to her role, but will she commit as a priority to taking this up and consulting Cabinet colleagues, to ensure that people who are disabled and have serious health conditions are not pushed even further into dire poverty?
As I said earlier, careful thought has gone into the announcements that were made in the autumn statement, and of course I will work with the Secretary of State and the Chancellor to ensure that the commitments we already have to people living with disabilities are maintained, and that we have their wellbeing at the heart of all our policy making.
The Secretary of State’s predecessor took a strong interest in the deaths that took place in the Essex mental health trusts, and a statutory inquiry is now taking place.
Will she meet me and our Essex colleagues, and the families, to discuss that important inquiry, so that they can have justice for the loved ones they have lost?
I would be very pleased to meet my right hon.
Friend, the families and other Essex MPs to discuss that important inquiry.
I call the shadow spokesman.
With your indulgence, Madam Deputy Speaker, I welcome the Secretary of State and the new members of her Front-Bench team to their roles.
I am honoured myself to stand at the Dispatch Box today for the first time on behalf of the shadow Secretary of State for Health, my hon.
Friend  the Member for Ilford North (Wes Streeting) , who is currently in Australia exploring international best practice in healthcare.
Talking of best practice, on this Government’s watch, people with suspected breast cancer are not getting it.
The two-week target from GP referral to a first consultant appointment for breast cancer has not been met since March 2020.
I know from my own experience of breast cancer that the waiting is terrifying, wondering whether it has been left too late and the cancer has become incurable.
How much longer will patients have to wait before the Government can meet their own targets and deliver the timely care that patients need and deserve?