We recognise that isolation and loneliness in rural communities is an issue.
I am happy to meet any hon.
Members who wish to discuss how we can better support farmers, improve their mental health and reduce suicide rates.
Will the primary care Minister join me in congratulating the Conservative Mayor of Bedford borough for proposing council money to invest in primary care facilities in Great Barford, Wootton, Wixams and Kempston?
Will she condemn Labour and Liberal Democrat councils for voting it down?
I am glad that my hon.
Friend has raised this issue.
He is absolutely right; in local authorities we need mayors and integrated care boards supporting primary care and not listening to the Opposition, who talk it down the whole time.
The 50 million more GP appointments is something to celebrate.
Given that obesity now costs the NHS and our economy much more than smoking, why does the Secretary of State support a total ban on smoking but think that measures to tackle obesity are nannyish?
The right hon.
Gentleman raises a completely artificial barrier.
Smoking is totally preventable; it is the cause of one in four cancers and 75,000 deaths.
It is unbelievably appalling.
Obesity is a complex area and one that the Government are focused on.
We need to tackle it, but it is entirely different.
Would the Health Secretary please agree to meet me to discuss improved access to GPs and dentists in Bracknell Forest and Wokingham boroughs?
I will; it would be a pleasure.
My constituent Air Marshal Dr David Walker, an inspirational leader and academic, sadly died of glioblastoma in June.
When diagnosed, he and his wife Catherine were shocked to learn of the woefully low funding for brain and other less survivable cancers and established the charity the Right to Hope with Cancer.
Will the Minister show the courage and leadership so  epitomised by the life of Air Marshal Walker, and properly resource and fund less survivable cancers, so that everyone living with cancer has some sort of hope?
The hon.
Gentleman makes an important point.
My 23-year-old constituent Laura Nuttall, from Barrowford, died in May, five years after being diagnosed with a glioblastoma, having been given just a year to live.
Before her diagnosis, Laura did work experience in my parliamentary and constituency offices.
She was one of the most remarkable people I have ever met.
As I get up to speed in my new ministerial role, he can rest assured that I will make as much progress as possible in this area.
It is a personal priority to me.
Order.
We have gone considerably over time because I have endeavoured to ensure that everyone whose name is on the Order Paper has had a chance either in substantive questions or in topical questions to ask questions on these important subjects on behalf of their constituents.
Again, I appeal to Members: they are not meant to read questions, they should just ask them.
It is not meant to be a speech, and it is certainly not meant to be drafted for Twitter or Instagram.
It should be a question to the Minister.
Let us hope for some improvement.
I apologise to  the right hon.
Member for Wentworth and Dearne (John Healey)  for keeping him waiting to ask his urgent question.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Defence to make a statement on UK military deployments to the middle east.
Since Hamas’s horrendous attack on Israel on  7 October , we have increased our military presence in the region.
This is to support contingency planning, monitor the evolving situation, and be ready to react and respond.
As the right hon.
Gentleman will know, I deployed a Royal Navy task group to the eastern Mediterranean, including RFA Lyme Bay and RFA Argus, three Merlin helicopters and a company of Royal Marines as a contingency measure.
HMS Diamond is sailing through the Red sea to provide maritime security.