I note that the intention is to use a range of surveillance aircraft.
Will the Secretary of State tell us what other assets he is intending to use?
Given the significant tasking, the threats to shipping and the ongoing commitments to, for example, Operation Shader, will he comment on what is being deprioritised to allow this mission to take place?
Finally, in view of the recent threats to the Rivet Joint aircraft—I know that there are defensive aid suites on board—will he confirm that due consideration is being given to the protection of crews, given all the likely threats in the area and the presence of Iran?
My hon.
Friend will know that we have a number of capabilities for intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance.
The Rivet Joint, which he mentioned, has been involved in carrying out missions elsewhere, and—as I think he hinted—has attracted unprofessional behaviour from other air forces.
We have the P-8 available as well, along with the Shadow R1 and others.
Exactly which aircraft and machinery perform these roles will depend on operational circumstances, but I can confirm that we have not had to pull resources away from other urgent work to provide this cover.
It is important to repeat the denunciation of the death cult known as Hamas.
Given the war of attrition that is now taking place in south Gaza, let me reiterate from the SNP Benches the call for an immediate ceasefire, because I am afraid that a pause will not suffice.
The view from here, at least, is that without a ceasefire we will see yet another graveyard from which fundamentalism will rise.
Let me ask a specific question.
The Secretary of State mentioned reconnaissance missions looking, rightfully, for UK citizens being held by Hamas.
Does he agree that any information coming out of those reconnaissance missions that sees illegal activity under international law should be handed over to the International Criminal Court for its ongoing investigation into the operations in Gaza?
The hon.
Gentleman is right to stress the abominable, disgraceful, disgusting behaviour of Hamas.
He calls for a permanent ceasefire; I suggest that that would be a heck of a lot easier if Hamas released the hostages they are holding right now.
As I stressed earlier, we will be in charge of the reconnaissance information, which will focus exclusively on hostage recovery and will be passed only to the appropriate authorities.
Those on both Front Benches seem to agree that Hamas must not remain in control in Gaza.
Is any thought being given to how, once they have been removed, they can be prevented from coming back?
There will need to be policing, and a moderate major Arab neighbour of Israel has said that a two-state solution can happen only if it is enforced.
Will we have a hand in that enforcement?
If not, how can it possibly happen?
My right hon.
Friend is an expert on these matters, and he is right: there has to be an international outcome to this, and a solution.
I am afraid that in recent decades there has not been sufficient global focus on a two-state solution because it seemed to be an unsolvable problem, and it has slipped into the background.
My right hon.
Friend is also right to say that there must be a global coalition which will need to include Arab states.
A huge amount of work is being undertaken for what some people call “the day after”.
May I ask a slightly wider question?
What are the Government doing specifically to prevent escalation and promote regional stability?
I think that if on  7 October  we had projected forward eight weeks and known what we know now, we would have been very concerned about this leading to a widescale regional escalation.
It is a credit to the United Kingdom and the professionalism of our services that, after the United States, we have deployed the most military assistance to the area.