What is the Minister’s plan to properly improve maternity care?
The hon.
Lady may not have listened to my first answer.
We have increased the number of midwives—it is up 14% since 2010—and increased the number of midwifery training places by 3,650.
We have also introduced a maternity support programme that is providing intensive support for the 32 trusts that are going through it.
The hon.
Lady may want to speak to her ministerial colleagues in Wales, where Labour runs the health service, because Healthcare Inspectorate Wales recently issued an immediate improvement notice to Cardiff and Vale University Health Board for its maternity services.
We will have to go a bit faster.
What steps she is taking to improve access to mental health services.
We are improving mental health services, transforming them with an extra £2.3 billion a year.
We have already seen some improvements in the delivery of those changes from giving mental health services parity of esteem with physical services.
The Minister will know, because it covers her constituency as well, that the Sussex Partnership NHS Foundation Trust does vital work in mental health, but there simply is not the resource, and I am afraid that parroting about parity of esteem does not tackle the issues.
Wait times are 190 days for children and young people in her constituency and mine.
I recently spoke to a mother in Peacehaven whose son is waiting for an  attention deficit hyperactivity disorder diagnosis.
His performance at school is in rapid decline, but because of the wait times he is not eligible for support in school via any education, health and care plan to start to turn things around.
What assurances can the Minister give my constituents, and indeed her constituents, that the wait times for mental health will come down and that resources will be given to these partnerships, rather than just empty words?
The hon.
Member is absolutely right: we know that in Sussex we have higher rates of mental health illness than in many other parts of the country, with a 15% increase in Sussex A&E attendances.
He might not be aware of them, but multiple schemes are available in Sussex.
Health in Mind is offering psychological support to those suffering stress and anxiety, which can be self-referred.
We have the Sussex mental health crisis line, now open 24/7, which is accessed via the 111 service.
We have mental health professionals rolling out the blue light triage service in Sussex, and we have the Brighton and Hove mental health rapid response service, open 24/7, to which anyone can refer themselves urgently.
Perhaps if he looks at some of the services provided locally, he will be able to reassure his constituents.
The Minister mentioned the importance of parity of esteem, and she is quite right, but it is disappointing that the Government had a manifesto commitment in 2017 and 2019 to reform the Mental Health Act 1983, which they have not fulfilled, with no such Bill in the King’s Speech.
Would the Minister agree with me that the issues that existed prior to 2017 in relation to the Mental Health Act still exist today with the disproportionate number of black and minority ethnic people being sectioned under that Act, and people with learning disabilities and autism kept in inappropriate settings?
Can she give any encouragement to those of us who want to see that reformed, particularly in relation to the appointment of a mental health commissioner to oversee changes to the Act and to advocate for the parity of esteem that she is looking for?
It remains our intention to bring forward a mental health Bill when parliamentary time allows.
We have the draft Mental Health Bill, which we have put through pre-legislative scrutiny.
We are looking at the report from the Joint Committee and will be responding to that shortly.