As the right hon.
Gentleman will know, I deployed a Royal Navy task group to the eastern Mediterranean, including RFA Lyme Bay and RFA Argus, three Merlin helicopters and a company of Royal Marines as a contingency measure.
HMS Diamond is sailing through the Red sea to provide maritime security.
HMS Lancaster is already in the middle east.
This morning, I provided a written ministerial statement notifying the House that unarmed military surveillance flights will begin in support of hostage rescue.
The UK Government have been working with partners across the region to secure the release of hostages, including British nationals who have been kidnapped.
I will move heaven and earth to bring our hostages home.
The UK Ministry of Defence will conduct surveillance flights over the eastern Mediterranean, including operating in airspace over Israel and Gaza.
The surveillance aircraft will be unmanned.
They do not have a combat role and will be tasked solely to locate hostages.
Only information relating to hostage rescue will be passed to the relevant authorities responsible for those rescues.
The MOD is working on land, air and maritime routes to deliver urgently needed humanitarian aid.
Four RAF flights carrying over 74 tonnes of aid have landed in Egypt.
I am considering whether RFA Argus and RFA Lyme Bay can support medical and humanitarian aid provision, given that their original purpose was potentially to take non-combatants out of the area.
The MOD routinely deploys significant numbers of military personnel in the wider middle east for operations such as counter-Daesh, training, maritime security and other reasons.
There is currently a force laid down across the region of nearly 2,500 military personnel.
Later this week, the Chief of the Defence Staff and I are visiting sovereign base areas, the Republic of Cyprus, the Occupied Palestinian Territories and Israel.
I will, of course, report back to the House after that visit.
Our objectives include to demonstrate and reaffirm the UK’s continued support for Israel, while continuing to press for adherence to international humanitarian law; to emphasise the importance the UK places on humanitarian aid reaching Gaza; to facilitate a deeper understanding of Israel’s planned next steps in Gaza now that the current pause has ended, and activity along the northern border; and to reaffirm the United Kingdom’s continued belief in a two-state solution and support for a viable and sovereign Palestinian state alongside a safe and secure Israel.
Across the House, we welcomed last week’s pause in fighting and we are all deeply concerned about its restarting.
It was a glimmer of light in the recent dark days to see hostages reunite with families,  aid reach desperate Palestinians and diplomacy extend the initial pause.
There can only be the long-term settlement the Secretary of State talks about if Hamas cannot carry out a terror attack again like that on  7 October , but the military operations in north Gaza cannot be repeated in the same way in the south.
Far too many innocent civilians have been killed.
As the US Defence Secretary said:
“you can only win in urban warfare by protecting civilians.”
Israel must take all steps to protect civilians, meet the duties of international law and secure flows of aid into Gaza.
I welcome the Secretary of State to the Dispatch Box for his first statement, particularly as this week marks 100 days in the job.
The UK has an important role to play to strengthen regional stability in the middle east.
That is why the Leader of the Opposition has met and spoken with leaders in the region, including from Jordan, Palestine, Israel and Qatar.
That is why the shadow Foreign Secretary, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Tottenham (Mr Lammy) , has visited the region twice in recent weeks, and that is why we welcomed the initial deployment of UK forces on  13 October .
They will do the job with total professionalism, and we thank them for that.