They were slaughtered.
It was not just some coincidental thing.
I understand and share the concerns about the requirement on Israel, on us and on everyone else to follow international humanitarian law.
When Israel drops leaflets, when it drops what it calls a “knock” or a “tap” and does not bomb until afterwards, when it calls people to ask them to move, when it issues maps showing where Hamas have their tunnels and asks people to move away from them, that is a far cry from what Hamas did on  7 October , when they went after men, women and children.
I welcome my right hon.
Friend’s statement on increased UK military deployment in the middle east.
Thanks to the armed forces parliamentary scheme, I have been privileged to meet some of the highly skilled RAF and Royal Navy personnel who serve our country.
Will my right hon.
Friend join me in paying tribute to their exemplary professionalism and sense of duty as they undertake this extremely important work in the middle east, not just on behalf of our country and people in the middle east, but on behalf of every civilised democracy in the world?
I absolutely join my hon.
Friend.
They are the most remarkable people, often operating in very difficult circumstances.
I am very much looking forward to meeting some of them in the region this week.
We have seen increased bombardment in southern Gaza after the pause.
We are also seeing increased violence in the west bank, supported by extremist settler Ministers.
What talks is the Secretary of State having with Israel to stop the increase in settler violence in the west bank?
I certainly will not be pulling my punches when I speak to my Israeli counterparts.
The violence in the west bank is unacceptable and it must be controlled—stopped, in fact.
None of that, in any way, shape or form, separates us from our utter condemnation of how this whole thing was started in the first place with Hamas, but the hon.
Lady is right about that settler violence.
Medical Aid for Palestinians has warned that Israel’s indiscriminate bombing and siege is making it impossible to sustain human life in Gaza.
With 1.8 million civilians displaced and a lack of clean water and sanitation, it is just a matter of time before a cholera outbreak kills many thousands more.
The Secretary of State has been  unequivocal that the main purpose of surveillance is to help find hostages, which is fine, but for the fifth time of asking: if clear evidence is found of breaches of humanitarian law, will the UK Government share that evidence with the International Criminal Court?
The simple answer is that we will always follow international humanitarian law and its requirements.
I want to say, with reference to the aid picture on the ground, that one of the primary reasons for my visit this coming week is to work on ensuring that the international community can get more aid into Gaza, and the United Kingdom will be leading on that point.
I very much thank the Secretary of State and the Government for the stance they have taken.
It is one that I and my constituents very much support, as we do finding a solution.
May I also thank the Government for working tirelessly with partners abroad to bring home British nationals trapped in Gaza?
Will the Secretary of State perhaps provide assurances that surveillance flights will continue to fly over the eastern Mediterranean as long as there are still risks to British nationals remaining in Gaza?
I can certainly provide an assurance that we will always do whatever we are able to do in the circumstances.
During the recent pause, for example, part of the deal was that surveillance flights were not flown, but we would always ensure that we are trying to assist.