I thank my hon.
Friend and I look forward to being grilled by him and his Committee in due course—at least, I think I do.
Perhaps I can assist him, first, on the very important dental report that his Committee published.
I am looking through it myself this afternoon and I will be publishing the response and sending it to the Committee imminently.
In relation to the dental plan, both the Under-Secretary of State for Health and Social Care, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for South Northamptonshire (Dame Andrea Leadsom) , and I are looking carefully into the needs of communities in rural and coastal areas, as well as in more urban areas, to understand not just the need but the answers that we can provide to help with urgent care and, importantly, preventive care, particularly for our children and vulnerable people in our society.
Last week another dentist in my constituency told my constituents that they were no longer able to provide NHS services.
These people have literally nowhere else to go nearby.
I want to come back to what my hon.
Friend  the Member for Liverpool, Riverside (Kim Johnson)  asked about the underspend, because we had a meeting with the ICB and it was specifically told that the ringfence was being disapplied.
Does the Secretary of State agree that that money should be spent on dental services and that that instruction should be given by her today?
I agree, and that is why NHS England has provided guidance, as I set out earlier.
I welcome the guidance that ICBs have received.
Cornwall ICB has committed to ringfencing money for dentistry next year, but the truth is that, before it took on that commitment, £4.5 million for unmet units of dental activity was returned to NHS England.
What can the Secretary of State do to ensure that Cornwall gets the money that was intended for Cornwall to deliver NHS dentistry?
A theme is emerging of underspend in dental work, which is one of the things that the ministerial team and I are looking at.
NHS England emphasised in its guidance to ICBs that the funding should be ringfenced.
I very much understand the pressures that my hon.
Friend and other south-west Members have been raising over many months on the care that their constituents are getting.
To ease pressures in the south-west, NHS England has commissioned additional urgent dental care appointments that people can access through NHS 111.
I call the shadow Minister.
I begin by welcoming the Secretary of State and her Ministers to their posts.
Last year, the Prime Minister pledged to restore NHS dentistry, including a specific promise to protect its budget, yet last month we learned that he will break that promise and allow ICBs to raid dentistry budgets to fill the gaps.
Labour has a plan for 700,000 extra appointments, supervised toothbrushing in schools and a targeted dentistry recruitment scheme in left-behind areas.
It is all fully funded by abolishing non-dom tax status.
We have a plan, but the Government’s plan is four months overdue.
Where is it?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her warm welcome.
I look forward to discussing these matters with her over the Dispatch Box.
Over the weekend, I was rather pleased to see the Leader of the Opposition’s damascene conversion to the Conservative cause.
As the shadow Secretary of State is on his world tour investigating what other health systems are doing, the Labour party may wish to bear in mind the words of wisdom from the great lady herself: “The problem with socialism is that at some point you run out of other people’s money.”
What recent steps she has taken to help prepare for a future pandemic.
Lessons from covid-19 have been incorporated into our planning for any future pandemics across a range of areas.