Friend  the Member for Rayleigh and Wickford (Mr Francois)  will know how to take that up with the Foreign Secretary.
Further to the question from my hon.
Friend  the Member for West Dunbartonshire (Martin Docherty-Hughes) , with the International Criminal Court stepping up its work in Gaza and the Government again confirming their surveillance flights over Gaza, will the Government hand over any and all evidence of war crimes to the ICC, whether they are committed by Hamas following the  7 October  atrocities or in the ongoing massacre of Gazan civilians, particularly children, by the Israel Defence Forces?
The easiest way to bring this to an end, as I hinted earlier, would be for Hamas, a terrorist organisation, to release the hostages that they have, to stop firing rockets into Israel in a completely indiscriminate way, which I think the whole House should condemn, and to allow this thing to be brought to a close.
As I have said repeatedly, it is important that Israel should adhere to international humanitarian law.
I will be making that point publicly and have made that point all along to my Israeli counterpart, Minister Gallant.
I wonder why, however, the concern is not about the hostages who are being held and how this situation could be brought to a conclusion much faster if they were released.
I am pleased to hear that contingency planning is taking place.
Would the Secretary of State consider tasking the aircraft carrier to the region as well?
Behind Hamas sits Iran, behind Iran sits Russia, and behind Russia sits China.
We are seeing new alliances forming, and the world’s ability to deal with these challenges is being severely tested, as are our own armed forces, who are now increasingly overstretched.
What conversations is he having now with the Chancellor about increasing the defence spend in the Budget in the spring?
I will go for the last of my right hon.
Friend’s many good questions.
This Government are committed to 2.5%, as conditions allow.
I know that he will be making his own representations to the Chancellor.
I have previously talked about my own belief that we need to reach not just that 2.5% but 3% and higher.
It was reassuring last week, in answer to my question, to hear the Minister for Armed Forces,  the right hon.
Member for Wells (James Heappey)  telling us that UK surveillance flights would not involve the use of intelligence for target acquisition.
I also welcome the Secretary of State talking today about how information that would be helpful to hostage recovery will be passed to the so-called appropriate authorities.
We have now heard two questions about the International Criminal Court.
Will the UK pass any evidence that it gathers of any breaches of international humanitarian law by combatants in Gaza to the ICC?
As the hon.
Gentleman says, that question has been asked, and I have answered it a couple of times.
The intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance—ISR—flights are to look for British hostages and indeed other hostages.
That is the information that will be gathered from those flights.
Of course, if we saw anything else, we would most certainly alert our partners, but the purpose is to find our hostages and bring them home.
We all ultimately want peace in the region, and we all want to see humanitarian aid getting through.
I welcome what my right hon.
Friend has said about HMS Diamond joining HMS Lancaster, because does that not send a signal to Iran that its support for terror groups is not acceptable and must not continue, and that through this action we will prevent further bloodshed in the region?
My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
It is important that we send that deterrent message, and it is working.