My right hon.
Friend is absolutely right.
It is important that we send that deterrent message, and it is working.
I have called on all parties not to think that this is an opportunity to get involved and cause further regional escalation, and so far, I am pleased to say that our deterrent has helped to keep a lid on that.
This conflict has already cost over 15,000 Palestinian civilian lives and over 1,200 Israeli lives.
The US Defence Secretary has said:
“You replace a tactical victory with a strategic defeat…I have repeatedly made clear to Israel’s leaders that protecting civilians in Gaza is both a moral responsibility and a strategic imperative.”
We know that regional escalation is a real threat.
What will the Secretary of State be doing to work with Arab states and the US to apply pressure on the warring parties to bring an end to this war so that we do not see other countries, including our own and the US, becoming engulfed in a wider regional conflict?
I was actually with Lloyd Austin, the US Defence Secretary, when he spoke those words, I believe, and we agree entirely.
To make it absolutely clear, Israel needs to comply with international humanitarian law.
It needs to go out of its way to warn people when it goes after the terrorists, who use those people as human shields as a matter of routine.
The hon.
Lady rightly asks what we are doing with our Arab partners in the region.
This will be my second visit to the region and I speak to my Arab counterparts all the time.
They have welcomed our deterrents, but they also want us to work with the international community on making sure that, on the following day, when this is complete, the solution is not left to chance as it was before and that we are all working together to bring about a safer, more peaceful middle east for Israel and for Gaza.
I welcome the deployment of HMS Diamond and HMS Lancaster and the potential deployment of two further ships, but what discussions has my right hon.
Friend had with our NATO and EU partners about perhaps sharing the burden?
What progress has he made on that?
Shadow R1 is a slow-moving specialist manned aircraft, but it is unarmed in a region that has Iranian proxies with quite good capabilities, as well as Syria and Russian activity.
How confident is he that the advice he has received has not put those servicemen in extreme harm’s way?
To clarify the record on the two ships that my right hon.
Friend mentions, HMS Lancaster was already there and HMS Diamond is there now, and there are two Royal Fleet Auxiliary ships, which I sent right at the beginning of this conflict.
In answer to his broader question, for security, making sure that our personnel are kept safe is always at the heart of what we do.
I appreciate his concern, and I know that he will understand that I cannot go into the detail of how we ensure that protection, but it is very much upmost in our minds wherever and whenever we deploy.
Yesterday I asked the Under-Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs,  the hon.
Member for Aldershot (Leo Docherty) , whether the UK Government were in a position to contribute to the International Criminal Court’s call for evidence in its investigation of potential breaches of international humanitarian law.
He said:
“Not at this stage, but we will continue to take note.
”—[Official Report,  4 December 2023 ; Vol.
742, c. 34.]
Surely, if the UK Government are actively collecting drone and surveillance images of the war zone, the answer to that question should have been yes?
I would have thought that the No.
1 concern would be to locate the British hostages, and  that is where the surveillance work will focus.