That is why the shadow Foreign Secretary, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Tottenham (Mr Lammy) , has visited the region twice in recent weeks, and that is why we welcomed the initial deployment of UK forces on  13 October .
They will do the job with total professionalism, and we thank them for that.
Since then, however—according to an answer given to me by the Secretary of State—the total number of UK personnel has risen to at least 4,500, and the escalation risks have risen as well.
How will the Secretary of State ensure that UK surveillance flights support hostage rescue and not Israeli operations?
How many British hostages remain in Gaza?
How will the UK Navy ships that the Secretary of State has deployed protect commercial shipping routes?
What action is the Secretary of State taking to boost protection for UK personnel, especially those at joint allied bases?
What is he doing to open up the maritime routes for humanitarian aid that he has told us about today?
Finally, how many more RAF aid flights will take off this month to get much-needed aid into Gaza as the winter cold sets in?
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his questions.
I should just say that unarmed but not necessarily unmanned aircraft—initially, the Shadow R1 —are taking on the task of looking for the hostages.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked about the information flow; I can reassure the House that only the United Kingdom will have the ability to provide that information, and that is how we will ensure that it is used for the appropriate purposes.
He asked about the number of hostages; the United Kingdom has not confirmed exact numbers, partly because it is still unclear whether some may have died in the original  7 October  event or in subsequent events, and whether some may be being held.
We do not want to cause additional stress, but we know that there are still British hostages being held.
The right hon.
Gentleman asked about protecting the ships.
They are, of course, extremely capable ships—the last ship to be deployed, HMS Diamond, is capable of looking after herself, one might say—and we are benefiting from a great deal of co-operation with allies in the region to assist with that force protection.
The right hon.
Gentleman also asked about British forces in the wider region who may be in, for example, Syria or Iraq.
Again, we take their force protection very seriously.
As  the right hon.
Gentleman will understand, I cannot go into operational specifics, but we keep it under constant review.
Lastly, the right hon.
Gentleman asked about humanitarian aid.
This country has provided £60 million-worth of additional aid made available for Palestinians, and four flights have taken off so far.
Members on both sides of the House will realise that the problem is not just providing the aid but getting it into Gaza.
The Rafah crossing presents a considerable barrier to that, for all sorts of security reasons.
I am actively looking at different routes, and the right hon.
Gentleman will understand that that is one of the reasons I am going to the region this week.
I call the Chair of the Defence Committee.
I welcome the Secretary of State’s answers, including his confirmation that, as has been reported, the Shadow R1 is being deployed.
I note that the intention is to use a range of surveillance aircraft.
Will the Secretary of State tell us what other assets he is intending to use?
Given the significant tasking, the threats to shipping and the ongoing commitments to, for example, Operation Shader, will he comment on what is being deprioritised to allow this mission to take place?