What are the Government doing specifically to prevent escalation and promote regional stability?
I think that if on  7 October  we had projected forward eight weeks and known what we know now, we would have been very concerned about this leading to a widescale regional escalation.
It is a credit to the United Kingdom and the professionalism of our services that, after the United States, we have deployed the most military assistance to the area.
I have been told by a fair number of the Arab states that they appreciate the deterrent that that has placed on Iran and its many proxies in the area.
Certainly the fact that eight weeks later we have not seen that expand is a credit to the British laydown.
In recent weeks we have seen Houthi rebel attacks on shipping in the Red sea, and back in June there were reports of harassment of shipping in the strait of Hormuz by the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps and Iranian attempts to consolidate control of contested islands.
What action is the UK taking with our allies to protect freedom of navigation?
My right hon.
Friend is right.
We have seen the Houthi, out of Yemen, try to take advantage of the situation and, for the first time in a very long period, we have seen Somali pirates becoming involved.
That is why I have sent HMS Diamond to the Gulf, and it is why HMS Lancaster is there as well.
Let me reassure my right hon.
Friend: I am working very closely with our international partners on how we can dissuade people from engaging in activity of this kind in what are international shipping waters.
That includes the  conversations that I had in the United States last week with my opposite number, the American Defence Secretary, Lloyd Austin.
How can the Secretary of State reassure me that the defence resources and attention now been focused on the middle east will not in any way reduce what we are able to commit to in support of our friends in Ukraine?
I hope the right hon.
Gentleman will know of my personal interest in and dedication to Ukraine.
I can absolutely reassure him that this is not defocusing that work in any way, shape or form.
We are ensuring that we continue to provide daily support to our Ukrainian friends, and I have a very close relationship with the Ukrainian Defence Secretary Umerov, Deputy Prime Minister Kubrakov, President Zelensky and many others within their system.
It is important that Israel abides by the law of armed conflict, but in that context I welcome the deployment of these assets, not least to try to locate the British hostages.
The Secretary of State will know that, ultimately, Hamas and Hezbollah are funded and trained by Iran, so what discussions has he had with our new Foreign Secretary about when, oh when, we will finally declare that the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps should be banned?
The IRGC and its position are kept under constant review.
I know that my right hon.
Friend the Foreign Secretary is constantly looking at the region.
He has been out there already and will be weighing up the advantages of things such as being able to have a post in-country against what it would mean to carry out such a ban.
I also know that my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Rayleigh and Wickford (Mr Francois)  will know how to take that up with the Foreign Secretary.
Further to the question from my hon.
Friend  the Member for West Dunbartonshire (Martin Docherty-Hughes) , with the International Criminal Court stepping up its work in Gaza and the Government again confirming their surveillance flights over Gaza, will the Government hand over any and all evidence of war crimes to the ICC, whether they are committed by Hamas following the  7 October  atrocities or in the ongoing massacre of Gazan civilians, particularly children, by the Israel Defence Forces?