I am really sorry, but the hon.
Member’s memory appears to be very short.
I was working in healthcare when there was a Labour Government and I remember very well problems for the NHS during winter.
She does not even need to look back into the past; she can look at the Labour-run NHS in Wales, where they are having so much difficulty with A&E performance that they even fudged the figures and hid a whole load of patients so people would not notice what was going on.
What steps she is taking to help reduce vaping by young people.
The hon.
Lady raises such an important question on a subject that is dear to both our hearts.
We all know it is an offence to sell vapes to children under 18, yet one in five children tried a vape in 2023 alone and the number trying vapes has tripled in the last three years.
We know the industry is targeting children, quite cynically.
That is unacceptable.
Our tobacco and vapes Bill will restrict the appeal and availability of vapes to children, and we are consulting on that right now.
As the Minister rightly said, under-age vaping has increased by 50% in just the past three years.
Ministers had the chance to stop this trend two years ago, during the passage of the Health and Care Act 2022, when Labour tabled an amendment to prohibit branding that appeals to children, but Ministers would not support it and Conservative Members voted it down.
Does the Minister regret the fact that the Government did not act sooner?
When will the planned new legislation be brought to the House?
The consultation is welcome, but there is consensus on the issue and action is urgently needed.
The hon.
Lady knows full well that making decisions that change legislation requires consultation.
That is both the convention and the requirement.
The Government have brought forward the consultation as soon as possible.
It will close tomorrow and we will introduce legislation as soon as possible in  the new year.
I think the hon.
Lady will find that that legislation really will tackle the problem of the cynical targeting of children.
What steps she is taking to improve patient access to primary care.
The hon.
Gentleman will be pleased to know that, with huge thanks to all the superb GPs and health teams, our manifesto commitment for 50 million more general practice appointments a year compared with 2019 has now been delivered.
Our primary care recovery plan is addressing access challenges by tackling the 8 am rush for appointments, cutting bureaucracy for GPs and, of course, expanding community pharmacy services.
I thank the Minister for her answer, but let me correct her.
Since 2014, the number of GP practices in Bedford and Kempston has decreased from 18 to 11; there are fewer doctors, while the patient list has increased; and the number of patients per qualified GP now stands at 2,812, which is a rise of 60%.
Will the Minister apologise to GPs and to my constituents, who face a daily struggle to access a GP because her Government have decimated NHS primary care services?
The hon.
Gentleman will appreciate that 50 million more appointments between 2019 and now is a fantastic increase.
There are just under 4,000 new GPs since 2019, and the hon.
Gentleman will appreciate that through the post-covid recovery plan to improve access we have said to GP practices that they should provide urgent appointments on the same day and for every patient within two weeks.
That has significantly improved access for patients, and GP appointments are now being hugely supported by access to community first, our flagship programme to improve healthcare throughout the country.
I am incredibly grateful for the significant increase in the number of GP appointments offered to residents in my constituency.