A report that is to be published shortly by the all-party parliamentary group for diagnostics, which I chair, has highlighted that community diagnostic centres are essential for tackling health inequalities.
I welcome my right hon.
Friend to her new role.
Will she honour her predecessor’s commitment to meet the all-party group to discuss the benefits of diagnostics in general and the preventive role that they can play in reducing health inequalities across the country?
Not only am I delighted to accept my hon.
Friend’s kind invitation, but I am also extremely grateful for her work in that area.
Of course, we think that community diagnostic centres are an important and exciting part of healthcare in this country.
We have 136 centres operational at the moment, and we know that they have provided 5 million additional tests since July 2021.
That is the future and we very much support it.
We know that socioeconomic inequalities drive health inequalities and that poverty increases adverse health effects.
Research by the Trussell Trust shows that one in seven people faces hunger across the UK because they simply do not have enough money.
Will the Secretary of State raise with her Cabinet colleagues the Trussell Trust joint campaign with the Joseph Rowntree Foundation calling for an essentials guarantee in universal credit to ensure that the basic rate at least covers life’s essentials so as to ensure that people can afford essentials such as food and heating and to mitigate against health inequalities?
Of course, conversations continue between Ministers across Government in terms of helping not just with health inequalities but with inequality of opportunity.
That is why I very much hope that the hon.
Lady and her colleagues will welcome the thoughtful focus that both the Chancellor and the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions have put into the back to work plan.
We know that getting people into work can have enormous benefits, not just financially but, importantly, for their wellbeing.
The idea behind the back to work plan is that we do it by working with people to draw out their full potential and help them to lead healthy lives.
If she will review the provision of health services for people living with (a) Ehlers-Danlos syndromes and (b) hypermobility spectrum disorder.
We recognise that body-wide symptoms associated with Ehlers-Danlos syndrome and hypermobility spectrum disorder can be disabling and can affect all aspects of life.
General rheumatology services, which support people with Ehlers-Danlos syndrome and hypermobility spectrum disorder, are locally commissioned by integrated care boards, which are best placed to make decisions according to local need.
The major conditions strategy will focus on six groups of conditions, including musculoskeletal disorders such as these syndromes and disorders.
That is all very well, but I do not think that will convince my constituents or the one in 500 people who suffer from that awful disease.
This wonderful talented group of people on the Treasury Bench obviously inhabit an alternate universe.
My GP said that these days there is no training or research, and that we do not have the capacity to look into these things.
People with EDS have to be assessed by uptrained GPs, but they are not there.
Our GP and medical services are on their knees.
When will the Minister wake up to that fact?
With respect, the hon.
Gentleman is as wrong as usual.
NHS England is taking forward work to improve the ways in which services for rare diseases are commissioned, putting patients’ voices at the centre of service delivery and ensuring co-ordinated access to specialist care, treatment, drugs, social care, mental health and special educational support.
We will continue to work to improve services in this area.
What steps she is taking to improve maternity services.
Since 2021, we have invested an additional £165 million a year to improve maternity neonatal care; next year, that figure will rise to £186 million.