What funding her Department is providing to help tackle health inequalities in Essex.
What steps she is taking to help reduce health inequalities.
I am pleased to reiterate to my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Witham (Priti Patel)  that Essex is receiving funding from the National Institute for Health and Care Research, which is funded by the Department of Health and Social Care, to promote research into health inequalities and support better health outcomes for her constituents and all residents in Essex.
I thank the Secretary of State for her response and welcome her to her new role; it is a real pleasure to see her in her position today.
My Witham constituents have one of the highest patient-GP ratios in the country.
That brings many challenges in accessing  the NHS, from primary care to dentistry, social care and hospital appointments, some of which have been exacerbated by industrial action.
Will she give an update on the work she is leading to address some of those issues and will she support my work and campaign locally to get a new primary health centre in Witham town?
I thank my right hon.
Friend very much for her kind words.
She will remember how much I enjoyed sitting on the Front Bench alongside her when we were in the Home Office.
In terms of her work in Essex, she is a formidable campaigner and she will know that the decision on such a healthcare centre lies with her integrated care board, to which the Government have given some £183 million of capital funding between 2022 and 2025.
I am sure she will make a compelling case to the ICB for such a centre in her constituency.
Interestingly, the Mid and South Essex integrated care board is one of seven sites receiving additional support and funding from NHS England to address health inequalities, and I know she will pay close attention to how that is spent.
There were multiple warnings from experts such as Professor Sir Michael Marmot of the widening health inequalities that started in 2015.
Covid just exposed and amplified those inequalities, so that in the north there were 17% more deaths, or more than 2,500 avoidable deaths.
While I welcome the new Health Secretary to her post and I welcome her announcement this morning, what else is she going to do to address in particular the socioeconomic inequalities that drive those health inequalities?
I thank the hon.
Lady for her welcome.
Having grown up in Lancashire myself, I very much understand why she is speaking up on behalf of her constituents.
There are many different ways that we deal with this, but let me use a couple of headline points.
First, we are increasing the public health grant to local authorities, providing more than £3.5 billion this year, so per capita public health grant allocations for the most deprived local authorities are nearly two and a half times greater than for the least deprived.
There is also interesting work going on with family hubs.
Indeed, the Under-Secretary of State for Health and Social Care, my right hon.
Friend for South Northamptonshire (Dame Andrea Leadsom), who has responsibility for start for life, is leading on that.
The family hubs and start for life programme will deliver a step change in outcomes for babies, children and parents in 75 local authorities in England with high deprivation.
We believe strongly that if we can give the best start in life to our babies and children, it will bode extremely well for their future years.
A report that is to be published shortly by the all-party parliamentary group for diagnostics, which I chair, has highlighted that community diagnostic centres are essential for tackling health inequalities.
I welcome my right hon.
Friend to her new role.