Member refers to yesterday’s announcement on migration.
First, I am very grateful to all the international workers who come here to help in our health and social care system and to care for our  loved ones.
Clearly, we must get the balance right between migration and making sure that our health and care system has the workforce that it needs.
That is what we are doing, both with the migration changes announced yesterday and with our reforms to the social care workforce to ensure that working in social care is appealing to home-grown talent.
I call the shadow Minister.
Thanks to their own internal chaos, the Conservatives have utterly failed in their promise at the last general election to fix the crisis in social care once and for all.
We now have over 150,000 care vacancies and 390,000 care staff leaving their jobs each year, meaning that 60% of patients in England who are fit for discharge are being kept in hospital each day.
Will the Minister therefore back Labour’s plan to deliver a fair pay agreement, with better terms, conditions, training and pay, to ensure that we have the staff required to care for all those who need it?
Labour really have not got a leg to stand on when it comes to social care reform.
They did not do anything the last time they were in government, and they still do not have a plan for social care.
In government, we are reforming social care careers—[Interruption.]
If the hon.
Lady will take a look at what we are doing, we are introducing a new career structure for people working in social care, introducing new qualifications and investing in training for social care.
We are doing what needs to be done to ensure that social care as a career works for UK workers. [
Interruption.]
Order.
You won’t get your turn if you shout from there.
What steps her Department is taking to reduce pressure on NHS services in winter 2023-24.
We know that winter is hard for the NHS, as it is for other health systems.
That is why we started planning for this winter earlier than ever before—back in January, when we published our urgent and emergency care recovery plan, which funds more beds and new ambulances for our NHS, funds more social care in our communities, joins up care, and makes the most of technology, so that more people can get the care they need when and where they most need it.
Two accident and emergency departments serve patients in Hornsey and Wood Green.
One is now serving double the number of visits by patients and is buckling under the pressure; and the other has seen 4,000 extra patients this year compared with last.
What are the Government going to do about overcrowding in accident and emergency?
The hon.
Member is right that our hospitals are busier; we are seeing more patients in A&Es.
That is why we are doing two things with our work on urgent and emergency care.
One is providing  more capacity—more hospital beds, more hours of ambulances on the road, and more capacity in social care to help with discharges.
We are also doing things differently by seeing more people out of hospital, avoiding people coming to hospital unnecessarily, and providing more care at home; for instance, our 10,000 “hospital at home” beds are helping people recover at home, which is better for them and better for the system.
I know the considerable work the Department and NHS England have done preparing for winter.
Given the importance of the NHS workforce, who do such an incredible job, and noting that there are still a few months to go, will the Minister update the House on the delivery of our manifesto commitment for an additional 50,000 nurses?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for the excellent work he did as a Health Minister.