That is a commitment that we made at the previous election, and we intend to deliver on it.
I congratulate the Secretary of State on her recent reappointment, and also on her dancing skills.
The stronger towns fund has been extremely successful in Hereford, and the question has arisen as to whether any of the funds that may be within that scheme and have not been used elsewhere could be redeployed.
May I invite the Secretary of State and her team to consider whether that might be possible and, potentially, put in a bid?
That would pour important new life into a scheme that is already going incredibly well.
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his question.
We want to see greater flexibility, and we want to see more integrated, single-settlement funding pots so that local communities have that flexibility.
We are dealing with a transition from the previous model that we inherited, and it will take time to re-engineer from one to the other.
Initial spending decisions will be a matter for  30 October  but, in principle, I understand exactly what he is saying and the value that communities would take from that.
What steps she is taking to help tackle Islamophobia.
Islamophobia is a scourge on our society that must be rooted out, and I  thank my hon.
Friend for his work on this issue.
Much of last month’s violent disorder was Islamophobic, and the targeting of Muslims shows that we need to go further and faster in tackling this vile hatred, which was fuelled by fake news.
We have now provided greater security and rapid support for Muslim communities, and our Faith Minister in the other place, Lord Khan, is actively considering further steps to crack down on anti-Muslim hatred, monitor Islamophobia and engage the community effectively.
My right hon.
Friend will know the fear and distress that the civil disorder this summer caused to many of my constituents and to Muslim communities across the country who were targeted by violent extremists.
I am sure that she will join me in making it clear that the vast majority of people in our country—of all faiths and backgrounds—wish only to live together peacefully and utterly reject those who stir up division.
What engagement have Ministers undertaken with Muslim communities since those events, and what are they doing to give reassurance for the future?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right to underline that the vast majority of people in this country—of all faiths and backgrounds—want only to live together peacefully, and my Department is at the heart of the Government’s work to restore order and unity in all our communities following the appalling disturbances.
While we continue to make sure that criminals are brought to swift justice, the vital work to strengthen the bond between the Government and communities, including our Muslim communities and those of many other faiths and backgrounds, is central to this Government’s mission to bring the whole country together.
Could the Secretary of State please explain to me and the House what the Government’s definition of Islamophobia actually is?
I say to the hon.
Member that a new definition must be given careful consideration so that it comprehensively reflects multiple perspectives and considers the potential implications for different communities.
We are actively considering our approach to Islamophobia, including definitions, and we will provide further updates in due course.
What steps her Department is taking to help promote community cohesion.
What steps her Department is taking to help promote community cohesion.
What steps her Department is taking to help promote community cohesion.
Last month’s appalling violence exposed deep-rooted weaknesses in our society.
Division and decline, combined with rising Islamophobia  and racism, contributed to the vile scenes of hatred.
I am determined that we should now support the recovery of towns and cities affected, and investment in community cohesion.