A walk through Bramley is entirely different from a stroll along Hartley Wintney High Street or a meander through Yately.
What unites all of these places is the people.
Each unique town or village has a strong sense of community, and the people of North East Hampshire are unfailingly generous with their time and energy in pursuit of this goal.
This community spirit was seen most recently  when Hook infant school and local homes and businesses were victim to a summer flash flood.
People rallied around, helped clean up, raised funds, donated items, hosted friends whose homes were damaged and offered sympathy.
It is in this way that all the communities within North East Hampshire are connected.
But this place that I love to call home is not without its challenges too.
Connecting our towns and villages takes more than good will.
Our roads, particularly our smaller roads, are in a terrible state, public transport leaves a lot to be desired, and bus routes are sparse at best.
It is also surprising that North East Hampshire is behind the national average in the adoption of 5G mobile services, especially when we consider the above-average employment in the technology sector—one that will be vital for the modernisation of both Government and our public services.
The investment that is needed to ensure joined-up and efficient public service processes is as vital as the investment needed in North East Hampshire’s transport.
The UK has a proud history of research and innovation, but when nurses are still taking patient notes with pen and paper, it is clear that action is needed.
Indeed, the National Audit Office’s report only last year stated that
“outdated IT systems…are a key source of inefficiency”
in Government.
We cannot be a country needing to catch up, and I hope that the Government will draw on the expertise of those in the technology sector to quickly implement the best possible solutions, while ensuring that individuals’ personal information is held with the highest possible security.
I also encourage the Government, in their review of technology in public services, to consider the role that charities play in supporting the sector.
The tireless work of organisations such as Citizens Advice and the Trussell Trust, as well as countless local and regional charities, is the bedrock of our communities.
Such organisations support the public sector to deliver many vital services across health, education, housing, criminal justice and more.
In my view, it is essential that those organisations are also invested in, and integrated into, the new systems that will be created.
I look forward to working with those local organisations, those businesses and the people in North East Hampshire, and I thank them for putting their trust in me.
It is a privilege to make my maiden speech today, and to follow  the hon.
Member for South Devon (Caroline Voaden)  and my hon.
Friend  the Member for Croydon East (Natasha Irons) ; I congratulate them on their moving maiden speeches.
They brought their constituencies to life vividly, and I hope I can do the same.
I am proud to be the Labour and Co-operative Member of Parliament for Norwich North, and my first message is one of thanks to the people of Norwich North for  putting their faith in me; however you voted, I am here to serve you.
I pay tribute to my predecessor, Chloe Smith, who served Norwich North for 15 years as a Minister and Secretary of State, including for science and innovation, and of course as a constituency MP.
Like me, Chloe is a Norfolk girl; we went to nearby secondary schools, and I know that one of her passions was opening up opportunities for young people, which is something else we share.
The last Labour Member of Parliament for Norwich North was Dr Ian Gibson, a fierce advocate for our community.