As I made clear in response to a previous question, we understand very much the pressure that local authorities are under and the pressure on their housing revenue accounts.
We are reviewing our position and will make further announcements in due course.
Blackpool’s Waterloo Road and Bond Street were once thriving local tourist hotspots that underpinned our local economy all year round.
When the Deputy Prime Minister last visited Blackpool with me, she saw for herself the awful visible decline of those areas.
Will she and her Department work with me and local businesses to ensure their successful regeneration?
I thank my hon.
Friend for his question.
It was great to visit Blackpool during the general election campaign, and I visited Blackpool on many occasions during my childhood as well.
My Department is working in partnership with Blackpool to unlock significant investment.
I have seen that more needs to be done to unleash Blackpool’s great potential, and I will work with my hon.
Friend on the ongoing regeneration of Blackpool to deliver better-quality housing and a stronger local economy.
And you never know, we might visit the nightlife as well.
Will the Secretary of State join me in calling on Labour-controlled Leicester city council to review its proposals in its own local plan to site 400 houses, seven Traveller   pitches and a waste-processing centre on the edge of Glenfield village in my constituency, which are causing considerable concern to my residents?
We are not going to interfere in the discretion of local councils to make such decisions.
What we are emphasising, as part of the NPPF consultation, is the importance of having a local plan in place.
We have inherited a disastrous situation where only 31% of local authorities across the country have an up-to-date plan in place, and we need to do more to drive universal coverage.
Local plans are the best way that local communities can shape development in their areas.
Worthing West is 90% developed, and I am often contacted by residents who support new developments—particularly social rents and for first-time buyers—but are concerned that we must also value our increasingly urban green spaces.
What steps are being taken to balance urban green space provision with our need for housing, to ensure all our communities are able to thrive and stay healthy?
The Government are committed to ensuring that development protects and provides—[Interruption.]
Order.
Can I just say to the Father of the House that that is not really the done thing?
He should know that better than anybody.
As I was saying, the Government are committed to ensuring that development both protects and provides for green space.
I am more than happy to discuss the particular challenges that my hon.
Friend faces in her part of the country.
As the Deputy Prime Minister should be aware, people in Romford are very angry that Mayor Khan is forcing us to build high-rise blocks.
Does she agree that the London borough of Havering, despite being part of Greater London, is Essex, and that we should remain a town and country borough?
As a Mancunian, I do not think I am in any place to tell Londoners what is in Essex and what is not.
My constituency has been held back by 14 years of Conservative cuts to the county council and to borough and district councils, so I hope that the new Government’s devolution agenda will help rebuild and improve our local public services.
Can the Secretary of State provide an update on the consultation with Hertfordshire county council and our 10 borough and district authorities?
Who wants it?
We are well under way in reviewing the consultations that are currently taking place and all the devolution agreements that were not tabled before the election.
I am very happy to meet with my hon.
Friend outside of this Chamber to discuss the matter further.