Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker, for giving me the opportunity to make my maiden speech.
I congratulate all the other Members who have made their maiden speeches this evening, from the whiskey and sausages of Glasgow West to the pottery of Stoke-on-Trent South, the young people of Croydon East, and the beautiful tour of North East Hampshire, which I have driven through many times.
I pay particular tribute to my hon.
Friend  the Member for Dorking and Horley (Chris Coghlan)  for delivering an incredibly powerful and moving maiden speech with no notes—very impressive.
It is very relevant to join in this debate on the role of technology in public services following several conversations that I had during recess about the challenges of connecting Devon and, in particular, the South Hams and Dartmoor to high speed internet.
It is something that I will be coming back to with the Minister.
If we are going to support rural communities, small businesses, the self-employed and those studying online, we have to get them connected.
We must also be aware of the danger of digital exclusion.
For all those who cannot use computers, particularly older people, we must ensure that there is always a decent working offline alternative to apps and QR codes.
I am very proud to say that I am the first non-Conservative MP to be elected in my large rural constituency for over 100 years.
It had a very short flirtation with Liberalism in 1923 when Henry Vivian was elected.
Sadly, he lasted only 10 months before being replaced by another Conservative.
Vivian was the founder of the co-operative housing movement, and it is a real shame that he did not last a bit longer, because we could really do with his legacy in South Devon.
It is a spectacular part of the UK, from the art deco hotel sitting atop Burgh Island to the eastern slopes of Dartmoor, the Rivers Dart and Avon that meander south to the sea, the headland at Berry Head where you can spot dolphins playing in the water, and the rolling hills and hedges of the South Hams.
It is the place I made home 17 years ago, after leaving London.
I took my two small daughters to Devon to be nearer family after the death of my husband from cancer in 2003, and it is great that they are both with us today.
Being widowed at 34 with very young children is a brutal experience, but it taught me many things—the power of community, the value of friendship and family, the strength of support from kindred spirits.
Here I pay tribute to the Widowed and Young organisation, which I chaired for a couple of years.
Hanging out with a bunch of widows may not sound like much fun, but being with people who understand what you are going through at a difficult time, and who can truly empathise, is transformational.
I will always champion community and support groups who bring people together.
Leaving London for a rural community was a bit of a gamble.
Busy London play parks were replaced by empty fields, and I was almost the only single parent in the school.
I did feel like an outsider.
We had no internet connection, and had to dial in through a satellite dish on the roof, which drove me completely insane; but we got some battery hens and watched in awe as their feathers grew back and they began laying eggs again.
I learned to manage a septic tank and oil-fired central heating.
I navigated the complete lack of buses and the absence of breakfast and after-school clubs, which was not easy for a single working mother.
Rural life poses many extra challenges, so three years later we moved to Totnes, I met my lovely second husband, and this special town became home.