Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon)  took around how we can bring communities together and work together to ensure that people can respect people’s differences and celebrate what makes us British, and that is that we all have different places.
The right hon.
Lady has not read the Khan review, as she would not have given that answer if she had.
The review talks about the 2021 incident at Batley grammar school, where a teacher was failed by local police and the local council and had to go into hiding.
Given the fears about the rise is Islamist sectarianism in communities such as West Yorkshire, what are the right hon.
Lady’s plans, especially as she has not read the review, to ensure that such incidents do not happen again?
I have read the review.
Maybe the right hon.
Lady was busy launching her leadership campaign earlier today.
The point I am making is that under the previous Administration there was not an element of community cohesion but constant division and stoking of division.
I tried to bring our education system together when I was shadow Education Secretary.
Across education, across my Department and across our Government I would like to see how we can celebrate our differences and bring communities together.
If the right hon.
Lady is successful in her bid to become Leader of the Opposition, I hope she will work with us on that endeavour.
What steps her Department is taking to help improve standards of construction in new build homes.
The Building Safety Act 2022 requires building safety and building standards to be kept under review.
Building regulations can then be updated, as needed.
Building regulations apply to building works, including when a building is designed, constructed or subjected to a major redesign, and they are supported by approved documents.
Residents in both Hethersett and Loddon have fallen victim to new homes being built to poor standards, shattering their dreams of home ownership from day one.
Does my hon.
Friend agree that on our ambition to deliver 1.5 million new homes, they must be 1.5 million decently built new homes?
As my hon.
Friend says, this Government are committed to delivering 1.5 million quality homes over this Parliament to ensure that people have access to high-quality housing.
New build homebuyers must feel confident that their new home is safe, and this Government are committed to improving redress for homebuyers when things go wrong.
We are considering the recommendations in the Competition and Markets Authority’s recent market study on house building, and will publish our response in due course.
The hon.
Lady will be well aware of the recent fires in east London and the fact that many high-rise buildings in this country are still not deemed safe because developers are refusing to do what they should.
What action will she take to force developers to make buildings safe for residents?
I know the hon.
Gentleman did a great deal of work on this agenda in the last Parliament.
This week, more than seven years after the Grenfell tragedy, the community will receive the public inquiry’s final report, and I hope its findings will help to provide the truth that the bereaved and survivors deserve.
The Dagenham fire, to which the hon.
Gentleman refers, must have had a traumatic impact on those people, as well as on the affected residents.
Today we have published a written ministerial statement setting out our actions in relation to the outstanding phase 1 recommendations of the Grenfell inquiry, and further work is under way to ensure that we can accelerate the work to make buildings safe.
I look forward to working with the hon.
Gentleman on this agenda.
Hundreds of my constituents live in leasehold properties with problems.
I should declare for the register that I live in a leasehold property, although my developer funded the full cost of cladding removal.