It is important that we allocate social housing fairly and efficiently.
The proposals put forward by the previous Government were deeply flawed.
As respondents to the consultation made clear, they would not only fail to improve how social housing is allocated, but cost taxpayers a fortune, swell the number of people in expensive temporary accommodation and increase the risk of harm to the public.
The only way to meet the demand for genuinely affordable social rented homes is to build more of them, which is precisely what we intend to do.
Obviously, social housing is important, and we want to see it in the right places across the country.
I cannot understand why this Government are now proposing  to reduce the number of new homes in London by 17,000 a year and in areas all around London—including counties such as Essex—by 18,000 a year.
Surely one of the most important things that we need to do is increase that supply of social housing, particularly in London.
I think the hon.
Gentleman is referring to the changes to the national planning policy framework rather than to social housing specifically.
We have made those changes proposed to the standard method.
They will give London a realistic, but achievable, new target. [
Interruption.]
Let me explain why.
The way that the previous Government applied the urban uplift unfairly to London gave it an unrealistic, fantastical target that it could not meet.
We will ensure that we are pushing the mayor on a realistic, but achievable one.
I call the shadow Minister.
We share the ambition of seeing a big increase in the supply of housing, and of social housing in particular.
Given that there are around 1.4 million new homes with planning consent already granted in this country, what process led the Government to prioritising the removal of green-belt protections rather than building the homes for which our councils have already given consent?
What I would say to the hon.
Gentleman is that we are doing both.
We are making changes to the national planning policy framework to encourage the release of the right kind of lower-quality grey belt land within the green belt, and we are taking action to ensure that those sites across the country that have received consent but which are stalled or are not being built at the pace required, are moved along with additional support from the centre.
The previous Government made new measures available to local authorities to encourage borrowing against the housing revenue account to enable the creation of new council housing.
What measures do the Government have in mind to increase the take-up of this approach by our local authorities?
We are committed to working with councils, including with the signatories of the recent report on securing the future of council housing, to address the many challenges they are facing, including in connection with the housing revenue account headroom as many of them are feeling lots of pressure on that  front.
As a first step, we have given councils more flexibility to increase the delivery of council homes using right-to-buy receipts, and allocated an additional £450 million to councils to secure homes for families at risk of homelessness.
We will set out plans at the next fiscal event to give councils and housing associations the rent stability they need to borrow and invest in new and existing homes.
I call the Liberal Democrat spokesperson.
Recent freedom of information requests by the Liberal Democrats found that four out of five councils that responded had someone on their social housing waiting list for more than a decade, and this shocking statistic comes all while the stocks of social housing have been reducing.
Will the Minister consider reforming the land conservation Act, so that local councils can buy land at current value rather than hope value and get on with delivering the social housing that we so desperately need?
I thank the hon.