We work with local authorities, which administer the fund, to make sure that the money is given to the people who need it the most.
We inherited very difficult circumstances because of the previous Conservative Government.
The Chancellor has set out how we can expand the fund to help people who desperately need it.
Devonport dockyard in Plymouth has a strong future proudly refitting the Royal Navy’s submarines.
However, for that to happen, the city needs, among other things, more housing.
The location for this housing is there, in the city centre, but it will require a national effort to deliver it.
Will the Minister meet a cross-party delegation from Plymouth to take forward these vital plans?
I am well aware of the case that the hon.
Lady cites and of that city centre location, and I am more than happy to meet that delegation.
I know from my time as chair of the Local Government Association that all council leaders, regardless of political persuasion, need more money for local government, but that there is also a commitment from the sector to reforming the sector.
Will the Minister confirm his willingness to work with council leaders, regardless of political persuasion, to reform the system, and also to take a look at population under-counting, which is costing my council millions of pounds each year?
I pay tribute to my hon.
Friend for the work he did in local government, and as chair of the LGA, to make sure that the sector spoke with one voice and worked in collaboration with Government to try to get a better outcome for local councils.
This Government will continue in that spirit.
The Minister for Local Government may be aware that Liberal Democrat-controlled Eastleigh borough council is subject to a best  value notice, due to its unsustainable £700 million of debt.
More audits have been undertaken that show that more borrowing is taking place, so will he meet me to discuss this risk to my constituents and their taxpayers’ money?
I am very happy to have a meeting, probably next week, on that issue.
As the housing crisis worsened under the last Government, houses in multiple occupation became more prevalent in a number of communities, including in Filton, Stoke Park and Stoke Gifford.
Naturally, with more people living in more homes than were envisaged when the local infrastructure was planned, there is an impact on public services and the character of communities, and routes such as permitted development are regularly being used to start extensions and conversions.
Will the Minister meet me, as the Government shape much-needed changes to the planning framework and regulations, to discuss how HMOs might be included in an appropriate way?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question, and I am more than happy to meet her to discuss those issues.
Devolution is a positive thing, and we welcome it.
Gloucestershire, which has my constituency of Cheltenham within it, has coterminous boundaries for the county council, a police force, a fire service, an economic development function and a health service, but there is fear that, in a devolution deal, it may be grouped with other areas to the north, or perhaps made part of an existing devolution deal to the south.
Can the Secretary of State or another Minister confirm that that will not be the case?
Within the first couple of days of this Government, the Deputy Prime Minister wrote to local authority leaders, inviting them for discussions on devolution agreements.
One of the founding principles is, of course, geography that makes sense—and having coterminous boundaries for public services and the rest does make sense.
Without going into the specifics of individual conversations that are taking place, I advise the hon.
Member to bring that point into the work on the English devolution Bill, which will make sure that all of England has a voice and a role in devolution.