My constituency is full of great high streets.
Bawtry was buzzing when I visited it yesterday for the car show, and I have also recently visited Parkin Butchers and Tyto Law Solicitors in Crowle.
These people take huge pride in the services and products that they offer, but just down the road shop premises are vacant and, in some instances, have been vacant for months, if not years.
How do the Government intend to stop the buying up of such outlets and deal with the lack of any obvious urgency, or indeed potential, in respect of their ever being reopened?
I am grateful for that question.
We have all been through a major political event or two this year.
As is customary, we have been knocking on doors, and we know how frustrated people all over the country feel about the vacancies on their local high streets which are bringing down their areas.
We have to rebalance this.
High street rental auctions, which I have already mentioned, will give councils powers to require landlords to bring vacant commercial properties back into use for their original purpose so that we no longer see all those boarded-up units described by my hon.
Friend, with people just sitting on them without providing any social purpose.
I call Mel Stride.
Sorry; he is not here.
Our high streets are undoubtedly changing.
Conservative-led Walsall Council is working hard to secure positive change in areas such as Brownhills and the regeneration of Ravenscourt, and we have a new civic square.
What additional resources will the Minister make available to councils?
The regeneration of our high streets, both residential and commercial, is an excellent way of helping to protect green-belt land by also regenerating important town centres.
The right hon.
Lady is exactly right.
The future of the high street is not about returning to how things were.
There must be a place for leisure, a place, of course, for retail and a place for residential properties, and councils of all political persuasions throughout the country are trying to find that perfect alchemy.
We have  inherited an extremely difficult funding situation, but we are working our way through it, and future funding decisions will be made in the Budget on  30 October .
I am not sure that Mel would be all that flattered, actually!
Banking facilities are important to our high street traders.
Bedale, among other towns, has no banks, and does not even have a working ATM.
Given that banks have saved about £3 billion a year by closing branches, what is the Minister doing with his counterpart in the Treasury to ensure that we have proper banking facilities in towns such as Bedale?
The hon.
Gentleman knows whereof he speaks.
This is another question that we are addressing up and down the country.
We know that banking facilities bring people into towns and villages, and give rise to a virtuous circle.
We have committed ourselves to providing 350 new banking hubs and, as the hon.
Gentleman suggested, we are working with Treasury colleagues on their delivery.
The outdated business rates system has left some market towns, such as Wincanton in my constituency, with empty premises on the high streets, damaging communities’ sense of pride and preventing councils from benefiting on the back of flourishing town centres.
Will the Minister work with his Treasury colleagues to boost small businesses and regenerate high streets by reforming damaging business rates?
That is a commitment that we made at the previous election, and we intend to deliver on it.
I congratulate the Secretary of State on her recent reappointment, and also on her dancing skills.
The stronger towns fund has been extremely successful in Hereford, and the question has arisen as to whether any of the funds that may be within that scheme and have not been used elsewhere could be redeployed.