Will the Minister agree to meet me to discuss some of those challenges, as well as the possibility of a compulsory register of properties on high streets, so that councils can easily engage with owners to find new uses for them when they fall vacant?
I thank my hon.
Friend for that question.
I totally agree on the important role that healthy and vibrant high streets play for communities.
Initiatives such as Love Gillingham are vital in bringing local people together to create high streets that work for them.
Ensuring that local authorities and the communities they serve have the tools they need to support the high street is a priority.
With regards to ownership, HM Land Registry is searchable for a variety of information, but I welcome the chance to meet my hon.
Friend to discuss that, and perhaps Love Gillingham as well.
The regeneration and refurbishment of town centres such as mine is being structurally disincentivised by the tax regime, which gives preferential treatment to new builds on out-of-town retail parks, instead of renovating our much-loved historic high streets.
Southport’s town centre is beautiful, but has definitely seen better days.
Just this weekend, our much-loved independent bookshop, Broadhurst, was closed down after over 100 years of trading.
Given the dire economic circumstances we inherited from the former Government, what can the Minister do to incentivise the private sector to invest in our town centres and high streets, bringing life back to them?
I am grateful for that question.
With your forbearance, Mr Speaker, may I say, before I answer, that I and my ministerial colleagues know my hon.
Friend’s community has been through a dreadful last few weeks and that our support is with them?
I know he will come forward with other ways in which we can help.
We went through something similar in Nottingham and I know how dreadful it is for the community.
We are here to help.
On the tax regime, we are committed to a fairer business rate system.
In our manifesto, we pledged to level the playing field between the high street and online giants, as well as to incentivise investment, tackle empty properties and support entrepreneurship.
Listening to business and communities, we will continue to consider how we can go further to support high streets, while new powers such as rental auctions and the right to  buy community assets empower those communities to address decline.
The Government are rightly focused on bringing empty properties back into use as part of our commitment to regenerate high streets, but encouraging footfall by supporting local communities to hold events in our town centres is another way we can bring life back to our high streets and support local businesses.
That is certainly the approach I took when I was the cabinet member on Medway Council in charge of economic regeneration, using the UK shared prosperity fund.
Will my hon.
Friend meet me to discuss learnings from that experience and what an improved new fund could look like under this Government?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her kind invitation: I am keen to understand more about the Medway experience.
I know that the UK shared prosperity fund has been used very effectively throughout the country, and that there is a great deal of interest in its future.
Decisions on funding beyond March 2025 are a matter for the Budget, but in the meantime I am keen to talk to my hon.
Friend about her experience and the lessons that have been learnt.
My constituency is full of great high streets.
Bawtry was buzzing when I visited it yesterday for the car show, and I have also recently visited Parkin Butchers and Tyto Law Solicitors in Crowle.
These people take huge pride in the services and products that they offer, but just down the road shop premises are vacant and, in some instances, have been vacant for months, if not years.