The national planning policy framework clearly militates against building on agricultural land.
Notwithstanding the Minister’s desire not to interfere in local democracy, will he write to the leader of Thanet district council to remind him that agricultural land is the stuff that we grow food on, and cannot be for housing if we are to remain sustainable?
We are maintaining the existing strong protection for the best and most versatile agricultural land that is most important for food production.
The line that we are removing from the NPPF was added in December 2023, and does not provide clear and meaningful guidance to authorities about what they should do, in addition to having that strong protection in place.
On Wednesday, the phase 2 report of the Grenfell inquiry will be published, and I am sure that the whole House will join me in remembering the 72 residents who lost their lives in an entirely preventable tragedy over seven years ago.
Four recommendations for central Government are still outstanding from the phase 1 report, including personalised emergency evacuation plans for disabled people.
Will the Secretary of State update us on the progress in implementing the phase 1 recommendations in full?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right: this week will be very difficult for the community around Grenfell, including the survivors and those who lost loved ones.
He is also right to say that there are outstanding measures from phase 1.
The Under-Secretary of State for Housing, Communities and Local Government,  the hon.
Member for Bethnal Green and Stepney (Rushanara Ali) , made a written ministerial statement today that will hopefully show where the Government intend to go, but there is a lot that needs to be done.
On Wednesday, the whole House will have a moment of reflection, and we will think of those at Grenfell in the coming weeks.
I congratulate the Secretary of State on her dancing skills, her appointment and her outstanding answer to the question from the shadow Secretary of State, my right hon.
Friend  the Member for North West Essex (Mrs Badenoch) , on council tax, which I will pursue.
Can she assure the House and guarantee that she will not remove the single person discount, which is so important to pensioners who are already losing out because of the absence of the winter fuel allowance?
That would put gladness into the heart of elderly people across the country who live on small incomes.
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his comments on my dance moves; that opinion is subjective, like beauty, of course.
On a serious note, I find it astonishing that Conservative Members, after running down the economy in the way that they did,  and after the Chancellor has had to come to the House and talk about the billion-pound black hole, are now trying to claim that this Government are about raising taxes.
This Government are about making sure that working people are better off, and we intend to do that.
Given that winter fuel payments will no longer be there for older people who are not entitled to pension credit, what steps has the Secretary of State taken to extend the household support fund, so that local authorities can provide emergency grants, as well as warm spaces?
My hon.
Friend is absolutely right about people on pension credit and, in particular, about the household support fund.
It is incredibly important, first, that the many people who are entitled to those benefits but are not claiming them do so, and secondly, that the household support fund and the work that we can do to support people is well known.
We work with local authorities, which administer the fund, to make sure that the money is given to the people who need it the most.
We inherited very difficult circumstances because of the previous Conservative Government.
The Chancellor has set out how we can expand the fund to help people who desperately need it.