I pay tribute to my predecessor, Chloe Smith, who served Norwich North for 15 years as a Minister and Secretary of State, including for science and innovation, and of course as a constituency MP.
Like me, Chloe is a Norfolk girl; we went to nearby secondary schools, and I know that one of her passions was opening up opportunities for young people, which is something else we share.
The last Labour Member of Parliament for Norwich North was Dr Ian Gibson, a fierce advocate for our community.
It is apt that I am making my speech in this debate, given his passion for science and innovation, and I am pleased to say that a new fellowship is being set up in his name at the Quadram Institute in Norwich: the Invest in ME Research Ian Gibson fellowship.
I also follow in the footsteps of Dorothy Jewson, elected in 1923 to represent Norwich, and one of the first three Labour women MPs.
She was known for action to tackle poverty, and was key to the creation of many of Norwich’s beautiful parks.
She is also noted for refusing to wear a hat in the Chamber.
I fully agree with her when she said that women were not in Parliament to discuss dress or millinery, but to do something.
Doing something is what I intend to do.
My priorities are shaped by what I have heard from my constituents.
That is why I will fight for better health, better homes, good education and decent jobs, and fight to tackle the biggest crises we face: the cost of living and the climate crisis.
I could not be prouder to come from Norfolk.
I grew up in a rural Norfolk village and have made my home in Norwich North.
The constituency spreads from the northern reaches of the city—from the estates of Mile Cross and Heartsease, the pubs of NR3 and our amazing green spaces, such as Mousehold Heath and Waterloo Park—and into the Broadland area, comprising Sprowston, Thorpe St Andrew, Old Catton, Hellesdon and Drayton, each of which has their own unique identity.
As many other Members have said, our strength comes from our active and vibrant communities.
Local organisations, volunteers and parish and town councils bring so much to our area—organisations such as the Hellesdon dementia support group, which I visited just last week, the Sprowston youth engagement project, the many food banks and community hubs, and the environmental organisations working to protect nature.
The better-known landmarks in Norwich, from the magnificent cathedrals to the castle, may be in the constituency of my hon.
Friend  the Member for Norwich South (Clive Lewis) , but Norwich North has many unique attributes, and many things that can provide inspiration to our Government, and I will touch on just a few today.
We are home to Norwich airport, from which I flew this summer.
That was convenient, but the airport is also a key driver of economic growth.
It is pioneering green aviation, with the first all-electric pleasure flight launched last year from Norwich airport.
We are also home to one of the first large-scale social housing estates in the country, Mile Cross, which marked its centenary just last year.
When it was built, there was a desperate need for homes, and that remains the case today, when we need social and affordable housing in particular.
On the many industrial estates, we can find example after example of small and medium-sized businesses harnessing creativity, innovation and providing much-needed jobs.
Beyond the boundaries of Norwich North, there is a huge life sciences cluster at Norwich research park, which is relevant to this debate.
To give just one example, scientists from the park are working closely with the UK Health Security Agency and the Food Standards Agency to harness the power of microbiology to protect our food supply.
The same technologies were used during the pandemic to identify covid variants for the Government.