One of the founding principles is, of course, geography that makes sense—and having coterminous boundaries for public services and the rest does make sense.
Without going into the specifics of individual conversations that are taking place, I advise the hon.
Member to bring that point into the work on the English devolution Bill, which will make sure that all of England has a voice and a role in devolution.
The Deputy Prime Minister has shown that her footwork at the Dispatch Box is as good as her footwork on the dance floor.
At this year’s election, veterans who brought along their veterans’ ID card to prove their identity were turned away.
Will the Minister guarantee that this will change?
I am grateful for that very important question.
Veterans were turned away at the recent elections.
We have committed to changing that, and we will introduce the necessary regulations in due course.
(Urgent Question): To ask the Secretary of State for Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Affairs if he will make a statement on the situation in Ukraine.
I am grateful to the right hon.
Member for asking this urgent question on a matter that is so critical.
As the House is well aware, Russia’s illegal invasion of Ukraine poses a significant threat to Euro-Atlantic security and has struck at the heart of the international rules-based system on which our security and prosperity depend.
UK support for Ukraine in defending itself against Russian aggression is iron-clad.
Ukraine’s incursion into the Russian oblast of Kursk has proven once again what Ukraine is capable of, but its armed forces remain under considerable pressure on the frontline, particularly in Donbas, and Russia continues to bombard Ukrainian cities and civilian infrastructure with missiles and drones.
The UK will continue to do everything we can to step up and accelerate our support, to keep the pressure up on Putin’s war machine, and to hold to account those responsible for Russia’s illegal actions.
On the day that the new Government were appointed, the Prime Minister, the Foreign Secretary and the Defence Secretary spoke to their Ukrainian counterparts to underline our support.
Within 48 hours, the Defence Secretary travelled to Odesa, where he announced a new package of military equipment and pledged to accelerate the delivery of previously announced military aid.
During the NATO Washington summit, the Prime Minister committed to providing £3 billion a year of military support for Ukraine until 2030-31, or for as long as needed.
Allies also agreed a significant package of support, and agreed that Ukraine’s pathway to NATO membership was irreversible.
On  18 July , the Prime Minister hosted President Zelensky and European political community leaders at Blenheim, where 44 European countries and the EU signed a call to action to tackle Russia’s shadow fleet, which is enabling Russia to evade international sanctions.
The Prime Minister and President Zelensky also agreed a new defence industrial support treaty that enables Ukraine to draw on £3.5 billion of UK export finance.
I am sure that the House will want to be aware that yesterday, the UK-Ukraine digital trade agreement entered into force, making digital trade between our two countries cheaper and easier, boosting both economies.
In summary, Ukraine remains high on the agenda, including in our discussions with our international partners.
The Prime Minister discussed Ukraine with Chancellor Scholz and President Macron last week, and the Defence Secretary will attend a meeting of the international Ukraine defence contact group on  5 September .
We remain in close discussion with Ukraine on the support that it needs to prevail.
Thank you, Mr Speaker, for granting this urgent question, and may I also thank the Minister for her response?
The whole House condemned, and continues to be appalled by, Putin’s illegal and outrageous attack on a neighbouring foreign state.
We condemn the missile and   drone attacks launched by Putin against Ukraine in recent weeks, which targeted critical infrastructure ahead of winter and murdered Ukrainian citizens.