I learned to manage a septic tank and oil-fired central heating.
I navigated the complete lack of buses and the absence of breakfast and after-school clubs, which was not easy for a single working mother.
Rural life poses many extra challenges, so three years later we moved to Totnes, I met my lovely second husband, and this special town became home.
It is often described as alternative, but I prefer to say that it is a place that knows the meaning of the word “community”.
It is a place where it is quite normal to question the idea that a planet with finite resources can support infinite growth, a place where the seriously wealthy question   why they are not being taxed more to support those who have less, and a place where radical thinking is seen as a really important thing to do.
My constituency is where Agatha Christie lived by the River Dart, and further downstream, naval recruits are trained at Britannia royal naval college.
We have wild camping on Dartmoor—long may it continue—paddleboarding in the bay, surfing on the south coast and the world’s biggest pirate festival in Brixham, as well as ancient family farms, stunning beaches and thousands of miles of hedgerows.
We also have the revival of the cirl bunting, a success story championed by my predecessor but one, Sarah Wollaston, who sat on several Benches in this House.
Once near extinction, there are now over 1,000 cirl bunting pairs singing from the farmland of South Devon and Cornwall because of the environmental work done by farmers in my constituency.
It is proof that farming for food and restoring nature can go hand in hand.
We have one of the country’s largest fish markets at Brixham, as well as shell fishermen, oyster farms and scallop divers.
An energetic conversation about sustainability and the long-term future of the fishing industry is being had, and I will work with fishers and scientists, so that we can create policy here that ensures that we can continue to fish while protecting stocks for the future.
I pay tribute to my predecessor, Anthony Mangnall, who worked hard to establish the National Independent Lifeboat Association.
Together with the Royal National Lifeboat Institution, it provides an incredible emergency service for all those who work or play on the water.
On land, we have hundreds of hospitality businesses that offer a brilliant experience—I recommend hon.
Members all come and try them out—but they have taken a massive hit over the past few years, and they really need our support now to survive.
However, there is so much more to South Devon that does not make it on to the postcards or the chocolate boxes.
We have Britain’s most expensive seaside town in Salcombe, where an average house costs £970,000, but not far away we have left-behind neighbourhoods where people struggle to make ends meet on low-paid seasonal work and live in poor-quality housing.
This disparity of wealth can be hard to get your head around.
I would like us to think really hard and creatively in this place about how we can help even out our society, so that no one is raising a disabled child in a mould-filled home within sight of a millionaire’s yacht in the harbour below.
The lack of public transport leads to loneliness and isolation, and adds to the lack of opportunities for our young people for work and socialising.
We must invest in it as a public good.
Our schools in Devon are hugely underfunded compared with schools across the UK, which impacts the life chances of our children.
We have communities that have been hollowed out by second homes to the extent that schools are closing, village shops have long gone and the last pubs are closing.