Gentleman on this agenda.
Hundreds of my constituents live in leasehold properties with problems.
I should declare for the register that I live in a leasehold property, although my developer funded the full cost of cladding removal.
There is still a very long wait for those who are not yet in the queue, and one brake on delivery is the lack of skilled people in the construction industry.
What work is my hon.
Friend doing with other Departments to make sure that we develop the skills we need?
Seven years after Grenfell, we still see some buildings where work has not started, so we do need to put our foot on the accelerator.
This is a very important area and we are absolutely committed to increasing the skills and competence within the sector.
The industry has actively responded to Dame Judith Hackitt’s challenge, but there remains significant work to be done to upskill industry members and prepare for the new regime.
The Department and the Building Safety Regulator will support industry as they identify skills and capacity gaps, provide relevant training and set up accredited competence schemes.
I look forward to working with colleagues who will all have an interest in speeding up remediation work and improving capacity in the sector.
Given the Government’s ambitious house building plans, the energy crisis and the climate crisis, will the Minister bring forward legislation in the forthcoming planning and infrastructure Bill to ensure all new houses have solar panels on their roofs as standard, so they can generate   their own power, and net zero building standards are brought forward as soon as possible, so that homes are well insulated, warm and cheap to heat?
The Government have set out very ambitious plans on home building and on green issues.
The future home building programme will address those issues; we look forward to working with colleagues on the issue.
The last Government consulted at very great length about bringing accessibility standards for all new homes up to M4(2) level.
The Housing, Communities and Local Government Committee recommended that be done immediately, but the response we got was that more consultation was needed.
Will the Minister assure us that the issue will now be dealt with as a matter of urgency, so that all new homes are more accessible for people with disabilities?
It is a really important issue that seems to have been forgotten about.
Today, in our written ministerial statement, we have set out a number of proposals.
The points my hon.
Friend makes about accessibility are extremely important.
We will do further work, building on the statement published today.
I look forward to working with him to address the issue.
People in North Norfolk desperately want new homes for local people to be built.
They know those homes need to be good-quality and support active lifestyles, but currently local councils lack the tougher powers they need to make those demands.
Will the Minister tell me what she plans to do to give planners, such as those at North Norfolk district council, greater powers to demand more from developers?
The national planning framework will set out further how we intend to provide key support to local authorities and to work closely with local authorities to ensure the issue is addressed.
What steps she plans to take to reform the leasehold system.
The Government are committed to finally bringing the feudal leasehold system to an end.
To do so, we will implement the provisions of the Leasehold and Freehold Reform Act 2024, enact the remaining Law Commission recommendations relating to enfranchisement and the right to manage, take steps to make commonhold the default tenure for new flats, and tackle unaffordable  and unregulated ground rent charges.
As set out in the King’s Speech, draft legislation will be published in  due course.