We are well under way in reviewing the consultations that are currently taking place and all the devolution agreements that were not tabled before the election.
I am very happy to meet with my hon.
Friend outside of this Chamber to discuss the matter further.
Will the Minister please confirm that where a rural community has taken the time and effort to produce a neighbourhood plan, that plan will be respected for its lifespan, notwithstanding new housing targets for the local planning authority?
The Government do not intend to require local planning authorities to amend neighbourhood plans in the future.
Communities will continue to be able to choose whether they review or update their neighbourhood plan.
Could the Minister expand on his earlier answer relating to devolution, and perhaps provide a timeframe for some of the discussions that are taking place with local authorities about devolution plans that did not go ahead before the last general election?
My constituents are very keen to move ahead with improvements to transport, education and inward investment.
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question, and for her work on the agenda to further devolution in her region.
We recognise that in some parts of the country, including Hull and East Yorkshire and Greater Lincolnshire, local authorities worked up proposals for the previous Government that were not tabled before the election.
We are currently working through those proposals at pace to make sure areas have clarity about where they are up to, and we look forward to reporting on that as soon as possible and meeting with local MPs as part of that process.
When the Secretary of State looks at the rules around local authority compulsory purchase orders, and at removing hope value for house building purposes, will she look at having the same rules for playing fields that local authorities want to keep as playing fields and not build on?
That would allow sites such as Udney park playing field in my constituency, which has lain derelict for a decade under private ownership, to be brought into community use again.
It sounds as if the hon.
Lady has a response for the NPPF consultation that is in development.
I welcome her views on playing fields.
On CPOs, there is a discretionary power to disapply section 17 of the Land Compensation Act 1961 in relation to hope value.
We need to ensure that that is brought into force; then we will take further steps to reform CPOs, as outlined in our manifesto.
The last Government made local councils compete for pots of money.
Bingley pool in my constituency was due to receive a levelling-up award.
Those funds are vital for the regeneration of our towns.
Can my hon.
Friend update the House on the review of those awards, and on the timescale for informing communities such as mine, who have been let down by the Conservatives’ unfunded promises, of the results?
I share my hon.
Friend’s anger that promises that did  not have a strong financial backing were made to  communities—promises that the Government are having to work their way through.
As I said, we want to move away from the broken competitive model, but we know that promises have been made, and we are working on them.
Hon.
Members will hear further answers from us before the Budget on  30 October .
The national planning policy framework clearly militates against building on agricultural land.
Notwithstanding the Minister’s desire not to interfere in local democracy, will he write to the leader of Thanet district council to remind him that agricultural land is the stuff that we grow food on, and cannot be for housing if we are to remain sustainable?
We are maintaining the existing strong protection for the best and most versatile agricultural land that is most important for food production.