Recent freedom of information requests by the Liberal Democrats found that four out of five councils that responded had someone on their social housing waiting list for more than a decade, and this shocking statistic comes all while the stocks of social housing have been reducing.
Will the Minister consider reforming the land conservation Act, so that local councils can buy land at current value rather than hope value and get on with delivering the social housing that we so desperately need?
I thank the hon.
Lady for drawing attention to the appalling record of the previous Government on affordable housing, in particular social rented housing.
Over the past 10 years, the number of social rented homes owned by registered providers fell by over 205,000.
We have to take action to better protect our stock and build new social rented homes, but she is absolutely right that further reform is needed of compulsory purchase orders, how they are drawn and the powers available to councils.
We first need to enact the changes that were introduced by the previous Government though the Levelling-up and Regeneration Act 2023, but we intend to go further, and will consult on that in due course.
What recent assessment she has made of the adequacy of council funding.
What recent assessment she has made of the adequacy of council funding.
What steps she is taking with local authorities to help ensure that they have adequate resources to fund local services.
I know at first hand how hard councils work to deliver essential public services, and we want to thank councillors, council officials and council workers for the hard work that they do all year round.
The Government are under no illusions about the challenges facing local authorities.
It is our priority to reset the relationship between local and central Government, and to end the politics that has seen Westminster hoard far too much power, holding back our towns, cities and villages from realising their full potential.
We will provide more stability for councils through multi-year funding settlements, ending the competitive bidding process and reforming the broken audit system.
Future local authority funding decisions  are of course a matter for the spending review and the local government finance settlement, in which we are fully engaged.
Can the Minister explain how the English devolution Bill will reduce local authority budget shortfalls, ensuring that essential council services for the public are protected?
The English devolution Bill is a landmark piece of legislation that will finally address the imbalance of power between this place and communities up and down the country, but it is not in itself the answer.
We know that the financial foundations on which it rests are local authorities, which are struggling.
That is why we are committed to multi-year funding settlements and fair funding.
I understand that there will be a major review of local government funding next year.
I represent Wokingham, whose council is the lowest-funded unitary authority per head in the country.
Will the review look at the actual needs and costs faced by local authorities, as opposed to the current methodology of allocating funding, which is based on historical data and is disproportionately skewed by simplistic measures of deprivation?
Any fair funding formula of course has to address the range of challenges that local authorities face, whether that is their local tax base, and how much they can realistically generate from their local communities and businesses, or the cost of service delivery and the demand within a local community.
We will ensure that the fair funding formula, of which multi-year settlements are a part, is done with that rigour.
There can be no way of fixing the foundations of this country without fixing the foundations of local government, so I am pleased to hear that this council—sorry, this Government—are looking to reset the relationship with local councils; as a local councillor, I am stuck in the habit.