Beyond the boundaries of Norwich North, there is a huge life sciences cluster at Norwich research park, which is relevant to this debate.
To give just one example, scientists from the park are working closely with the UK Health Security Agency and the Food Standards Agency to harness the power of microbiology to protect our food supply.
The same technologies were used during the pandemic to identify covid variants for the Government.
I thank the Secretary of State for visiting Norwich just this year with Wikipedia founder Jimmy Wales to meet students and staff from Norwich University of the Arts, which is providing so much inspiration to many of the innovators of the future.
We are also home to the Canaries—Norwich City—and reportedly the oldest football chant in the world, “On the ball, City”.
My hon.
Friend  the Member for Ipswich (Jack Abbott)  is sadly not in the Chamber today, but I wanted to remind him that while we did not make it to the premier league, in the time it took Oasis to break up and reform, Ipswich have still not beaten the Canaries.
I will remind him of that when I see him.
I will also mention the great women’s football we have in Norfolk and Norwich.
In fact, just a few weeks ago I went to the opening of the Lauren Hemp community pitch in Broadland constituency.
For all its advantages, Norwich North faces many challenges.
Three in 10 kids live in poverty, thousands are on the housing waiting list, we are a dental desert and too many children, particularly those with special educational needs and disabilities, do not receive the education that they deserve.
That must change.
As important as what I intend to fight for is how I do it.
Time and again, people told me that they were sick of us shouting at each other, and of adversarial politics.
Norfolk is now a rainbow county; anyone who saw the election results will know that we have practically every single party represented.
I promise to work with everyone and anyone who wants to get the best for our area.
I also note Norwich’s long history as a place of refuge.
It is officially a city of sanctuary and a tolerant, welcoming place, and I know that will continue.
After the events of this summer, that is more important than ever.
I am proud to stand here as a Labour and Co-operative woman MP.
My path into politics was inspired by many women, starting with my mother, who is still persevering in the Gallery up there, and I thank her for that, as well as for the inspiration she provided to me as a local councillor; she showed me the difference that politics can make.
I want to thank my family, my dad, my twin sister, my friends and my partner for all their support.
I am privileged to have worked for the former Member of Parliament for Camberwell and Peckham, Harriet Harman, who taught me so much about politics—about sticking to one’s principles, taking on the most difficult of challenges and always, always saying thank you.
I joined this House after years of working in international development, having worked in some of the poorest countries of the world, and also years of serving communities as a councillor.
In everything I have done, from the local to the global, I have focused on fighting inequality and injustice, opening up opportunity, bringing people together to find solutions and working through differences.
That is the approach that I will continue  to take: to stand up for opportunity, to stand against inequality in Norwich North, nationally and internationally, and always to focus on what unites us.