Last month’s appalling violence exposed deep-rooted weaknesses in our society.
Division and decline, combined with rising Islamophobia  and racism, contributed to the vile scenes of hatred.
I am determined that we should now support the recovery of towns and cities affected, and investment in community cohesion.
That has started with a comprehensive support offer for Southport, and I can confirm that I will now lead cross-Government efforts on this issue.
I will update the House on our plans in due course.
Whatever our beliefs, faith leaders and faith groups can play an important role in bringing us all together.
Will the Deputy Prime Minister join me in commending the many faith leaders I have met across Aldershot and Farnborough who are working to promote tolerance and understanding across our community?
Can she outline what her Department is doing to encourage those community leaders, whose work reminds us that we are far more united and have far more in common than that which divides us?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her question.
I was proud to serve alongside my good friend Jo Cox in this House, and her words about our common humanity and what unites us ring as true as ever.
I have met many local communities, businesses and other groups affected by the acts of deplorable violence that we have seen across the country in recent weeks, including in places such as Stoke-on-Trent and Rotherham.
I heard powerful stories from those who experienced appalling violence, but I also heard about how those communities came together to defend their streets and were united against hatred and thuggery.
I know that my hon.
Friend has been a leader in her own community, and we Ministers will support her and her constituents in the spirit that she has set out.
Our community cohesion in Cornwall is being undermined by the housing crisis, with many locals priced out or even facing homelessness.
This matter requires urgent attention, and I am therefore pleased that this Government have placed building new homes at the top of our legislative agenda.
Can the Deputy Prime Minister ensure that we are building the right kinds of homes in Cornwall—namely, social homes?
Absolutely, and my hon.
Friend is right.
We are strengthening housing targets and acting to ensure that local plans are ambitious enough to support this Government’s commitment to 1.5 million homes in this Parliament, including social homes.
Under our new proposals, assessed housing need across Cornwall would increase by around 65%, demonstrating our commitment to approving the supply of new homes that his constituents desperately need.
Following the horrific Islamophobic attacks experienced by Muslim communities around the country, the Princess Street mosque in Burton-upon-Trent opened its doors to the wider community so that everyone could learn more about Islam and see their place of worship.
This was a way to challenge misinformation and promote mutual understanding.
Does the Deputy Prime Minister welcome this as an example of how communities can help bring people together?
I absolutely welcome it, and I commend the actions such as those taken by the Burton-upon-Trent mosque.
I agree with my hon.
Friend that building  understanding among those from different backgrounds is vital to fostering strong communities.
This Government are committed to working with communities around the UK to build a culture of cohesion, trust and mutual respect and we will outline further actions in due course.
Could I ask the Secretary of State whether she agrees, given the commitment to build 1.5 million new homes, that community cohesion comes from a planning system where community infrastructure is front-loaded in development, rather than people having to live 10 years on a new build estate without anywhere to come together to celebrate as a community?
I absolutely agree that it is important that infrastructure is built around our 1.5 million homes target.