The Government are committed to finally bringing the feudal leasehold system to an end.
To do so, we will implement the provisions of the Leasehold and Freehold Reform Act 2024, enact the remaining Law Commission recommendations relating to enfranchisement and the right to manage, take steps to make commonhold the default tenure for new flats, and tackle unaffordable  and unregulated ground rent charges.
As set out in the King’s Speech, draft legislation will be published in  due course.
Many of my constituents in Stoke-on-Trent South have contacted me in the past few weeks, including those from Blythe Bridge, telling me how the archaic fleecehold system has left them at the mercy of poor management agents.
They have been tricked into purchasing  homes that are not covered by right to manage in the same way as flats, with service charges more than doubling, and the developers and managing agents reneging on promises to upkeep and, in some cases, even build the necessary infrastructure on their development.
Does the Government have plans to hold those managing agents and developers to account, perhaps with legal requirements of provision or a licensing scheme?
The distinct set of problems faced by residential freeholders that my hon.
Friend describes are well known and understood.
As we set out in our manifesto, the Government are committed to bringing the injustice of fleecehold private housing estates and unfair maintenance costs to an end.
We intend to consult publicly on the best way to achieve that.
In the interim, we will move to implement the new protections against unfair charges that were contained in the Leasehold and Freehold Reform Act 2024.
I thank the Minister for expressing the wish of many of us to see this awful system disposed of.
Will he draw his colleagues’ attention to the fact that people like me, living in a leasehold block, have the experience of winning a first tier tribunal hearing against a freeholder, but still awaiting the refunding of the sums of money that were wrongly taken from us in the first place?
The freeholder simply ignores everything and carries on as if nothing had happened.
I thank the right hon.
Gentleman for his question.
He draws attention to one of the many failings of the feudal leasehold system, which is precisely why we finally intend to end it by the end of this Parliament.
What steps her Department is taking to increase the supply of social housing.
As my hon.
Friend will be aware, the Government are committed to delivering the biggest increase in social and affordable house building in a generation.
In the 59 days that we have been in office we have already proposed changes to the national planning policy framework to support that objective and confirmed a range of new flexibilities to help councils and housing associations make a greater contribution to affordable housing supply.
In their dying days, the previous Government consulted on changes to the way that social housing is allocated.
Those proposals were described by the chief executive of Shelter as “unnecessary, unenforceable and unjust”.
The chief executive of the Chartered Institute of Housing warned that they would force many people into homelessness.
Can my hon.
Friend confirm that this Government will not be taking forward those damaging proposals?
My hon.
Friend is correct.
The Government have today published a formal response to that consultation, setting out precisely why we will not  be taking those proposals forward.
It is important that we allocate social housing fairly and efficiently.
The proposals put forward by the previous Government were deeply flawed.
As respondents to the consultation made clear, they would not only fail to improve how social housing is allocated, but cost taxpayers a fortune, swell the number of people in expensive temporary accommodation and increase the risk of harm to the public.