I enjoyed reading it, especially her attempts to explain why she reduced Sadiq Khan’s London targets and, even more, where she highlights that he has consistently under-delivered.
If other local leaders miss their new housing targets, will she reduce their targets too?
I find that astonishing, when the previous Government missed their targets every single year.
As the Housing Minister has already set out, our methodology is about realistic expectations that people can meet.
We will not shy away from the decisions that need to be made to make sure that we build the homes that people need.
That is why we were elected, and that is what the right hon.
Member needs to realise.
If she will make a statement on her departmental responsibilities.
I pay tribute to all those involved in supporting residents in Dagenham after the appalling fire last week—a sobering reminder of the importance of making buildings safe ahead of the Grenfell inquiry report this week.
My thoughts are with the bereaved families, the survivors and the community of Grenfell affected during this very difficult week.
As my hon.
Friend the Minister for Building Safety said, we have published an update to the House on work to address building safety issues, which we will continue to take swift action to resolve.
Birmingham’s Labour-run council is on the verge of selling off some 700 residential units at a loss to the taxpayer of about £300 million.
Will the Secretary of State intervene to allow the council to retain those properties for public ownership and for  use by some of the 25,000 desperate families on the waiting list?
The hon.
Member will know that Birmingham city council will not be making decisions over asset sales lightly.
I know that it is working with commissioners to ensure that its financing decisions deliver value for money and that it can avoid fire sales, and I will work constructively with the council and commissioners as that work continues.
Levy funding for internal drainage boards is an increasing concern for many councils.
In my constituency, King’s Lynn and West Norfolk borough council now contributes the equivalent of 43% of its council tax income to fund IDB levies.
Will the Secretary of State update Members on any progress determining a more sustainable funding solution for those levies and whether the one-off grant scheme to support councils might be repeated?
In the final 2024-25 local government finance settlement, a £3 million grant was announced to assist local authorities experiencing significant pressures on their internal drainage board levy.
I am publishing today the allocations of funding for 15 local authorities, and I can confirm that King’s Lynn and West Norfolk will receive an allocation of £254,000 from the levy.
We are also working closely with our colleagues in the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs to explore options going forward for future allocations.
I call the shadow Secretary of State.
It has been reported that the Secretary of State is being lobbied to increase council tax and remove discounts such as the single occupancy discount.
Will she take this opportunity to reassure the House that the Government have no plans to increase council tax, as they assured us before the election?
Yes.
My constituent Tracy was recently issued with a section 21 notice to quit and, at the same time, a section 13 rent increase that she cannot afford.
She fears being made homeless with her children, so she got in touch with Newcastle city council for a council property, but the wait is 27 weeks on average and often much longer.
When will good tenants be protected from unfair evictions and extortionate rent increases?
I am deeply saddened to hear of the plight of Tracy and her children.
Our renters’ rights Bill will protect tenants from arbitrary eviction and empower them to challenge unreasonable within-tenancy rent rises.
I can assure my hon.