It is a pleasure to follow  the hon.
Member for Glasgow West (Patricia Ferguson) .
I congratulate her on a moving maiden speech, and I hope to add another place on her bucket list.
I am honoured to have been elected as the first Liberal Democrat MP for North East Hampshire, a constituency that has had only two previous MPs: James Arbuthnot—now Lord Arbuthnot in the other place—who is known for his important role in supporting Jo Hamilton and other sub-postmasters and postmistresses; and Ranil Jayawardena, who likewise wanted the best for our communities and campaigned for better infrastructure locally, alongside carrying out his ministerial roles.
Boundary changes mean that those in Lychpit and Old Basing, who are warmly welcomed into North East Hampshire, were previously represented by Dame Maria Miller in the Basingstoke constituency.
She was a strong advocate for women in Parliament and encouraged those of all parties.
I am only the second woman to stand for Parliament in North East Hampshire, and only about 15 have stood before me in any of the constituencies now covered by the current boundaries, so it gives me great pride to be in the Parliament with the highest number of women ever.
That achievement would not have been possible without the support of my dad, my late mum, and my husband and children.
North East Hampshire is a place that people often travel through: by train between London and the west country, or by road on the A30 or the M3, stopping perhaps at Fleet services.
Those who live there, however, enjoy good schools, good transport links, low crime and plenty of countryside—all the reasons, in fact, why the place often tops the list of the best places to live in the UK, and why my family and I chose to move there 10 years ago.
I encourage Members, the next time a journey takes them that way, to stop and visit.
If they wish to indulge their interest in political history, they could choose to stay at the Four Seasons.
The hotel is situated in the former home of Sir Henry St John-Mildmay, the fifth Baronet of the Dogmersfield estate, who was also, coincidentally, a Liberal political candidate in 1865.
Or they might choose Highfield Park, where Neville Chamberlain spent his final months.
Once a visitor has arrived, there is plenty to experience.
History enthusiasts should visit Odiham castle, Basing House and the Roman city walls at Silchester.
Those with a military interest will not be disappointed with a constituency that boasts RAF Odiham; Stratfield Saye House, the home of the Dukes of Wellington; and Blackbushe airport, created as an airfield during the second world war.
For nature lovers, there is so much to choose from: the Hazeley Heath nature reserve, or a sturdy walk up Beacon hill to look out over Caesar’s camp.
If they like their nature by the water, there is Fleet pond, the Basingstoke canal and our two chalk streams, the Loddon and the Whitewater.
After all that, perhaps they might be in need of refreshment.
North East Hampshire is home to dozens of village pubs, cafés and bakeries.
From the award-winning Street Bakery in Old Basing to the Heron on the Lake at Fleet Pond, looking out over the water, there is something for everyone.
We even have a local gin distilled at Upton Grey.
One of the joys of the area is that each town and village has its own personality, with a high number of independent businesses that makes each one unique.
A walk through Bramley is entirely different from a stroll along Hartley Wintney High Street or a meander through Yately.
What unites all of these places is the people.
Each unique town or village has a strong sense of community, and the people of North East Hampshire are unfailingly generous with their time and energy in pursuit of this goal.