This Government are committed to working with communities around the UK to build a culture of cohesion, trust and mutual respect and we will outline further actions in due course.
Could I ask the Secretary of State whether she agrees, given the commitment to build 1.5 million new homes, that community cohesion comes from a planning system where community infrastructure is front-loaded in development, rather than people having to live 10 years on a new build estate without anywhere to come together to celebrate as a community?
I absolutely agree that it is important that infrastructure is built around our 1.5 million homes target.
That is why we set out the proposals in the consultation on the national planning policy framework to ensure that people see the homes they desperately need, the right homes that they need and the vital infrastructure around that.
I thank the Deputy Prime Minister for her answers.
Sometimes it is easy to dwell upon the negativity, but there are positives as well.
There were positives in my constituency when two people decided to burn down the mosque, because they were caught by the police and they will hopefully be imprisoned, and because the community came together, which is the issue I want to put over.
Across this great United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, there are many people who want to live together.
All the people in the Baptist church that I go to in Newtownards were praying for those people in that church, and that is the Ards and the Strangford that I know.
Sometimes we need to put over the good things as well.
It is always a pleasure to hear from the hon.
Member, and he is absolutely right.
When I was visiting those communities, I saw them coming together.
I saw the way in which they worked well and the way in which everybody looked out for each other.
It reminded me of why I am in this place and why I do what I do for the great British people and what they do.
In Westmorland, we have a story that has underpinned cohesion for decades.
That is the true story of the Windermere children.
In August 1945, almost half the children who survived the Nazi death camps were rehabilitated on the banks of Windermere at Troutbeck Bridge.
I wonder if the Deputy Prime Minister would agree to meet me, because a group of us, including members of the ’45 Aid Society and the local school, the Lakes school, want to build a lasting memorial at Troutbeck Bridge, on the site where the children were housed, while rebuilding the school that was built on that site.
Will she carry on the cross-party work that we had before the election, and meet me and others from that community to help make that a reality?
I congratulate the hon.
Member on his work in this area.
Either myself or one of my Ministers will be happy to meet him.
I call the shadow Secretary of State, Kemi Badenoch.
Can the right hon.
Lady give me her assessment of the Khan review into social cohesion?
The Khan review into social cohesion is one element of what we need to do to get back to addressing the issues of community cohesion, as opposed to the divisiveness of the way in which the previous Government looked at community cohesion.
What I would like to see, instead of the language and tone we have seen from Members on the right hon.
Member’s Benches, is the tone that  the hon.
Member for Strangford (Jim Shannon)  took around how we can bring communities together and work together to ensure that people can respect people’s differences and celebrate what makes us British, and that is that we all have different places.
The right hon.
Lady has not read the Khan review, as she would not have given that answer if she had.