We must invest in it as a public good.
Our schools in Devon are hugely underfunded compared with schools across the UK, which impacts the life chances of our children.
We have communities that have been hollowed out by second homes to the extent that schools are closing, village shops have long gone and the last pubs are closing.
Families are being evicted so that landlords can turn their homes into short-term holiday lets, and second homes registered as businesses are causing our council to lose out on millions of pounds a year of desperately needed resources.
We must close this loophole.
We have businesses struggling to get staff because no one can afford to live nearby and there is no social housing, yet developers build and build to support the  immigration of wealthy retired people from other areas of the country.
We have more than met our housing targets, but we are still in a desperate housing crisis.
The solution is not just build, build, build; it is about land prices, what we build and where, and who buys those homes.
What we need is social housing, more community land trust schemes, innovation and ideas for breaking out of the developer-led disaster we are in.
We are the home of innovation and good ideas, and I would like to quickly highlight one organisation, LandWorks.
I declare an interest, as I worked there for six months in 2018.
LandWorks is an inspirational prisoner rehabilitation charity that I hope the new prisons Minister will soon visit, given the crisis we are in nationally.
Its amazing work has been shown to cut reoffending rates and reintegrate prisoners into society.
We also have a growing cluster of high-tech photonics companies attracting talent from home and abroad and providing highly skilled jobs.
That is exactly the kind of modern manufacturing that this country desperately needs, so it was disappointing to hear last week that these companies are missing out on partnerships, funding and investment because of Brexit.
One company is weighing up whether it will move its headquarters out of the UK into the EU.
Members will not be surprised to hear that as a former Member of the European Parliament for the south-west who got involved in politics in June 2016, I will continue to try to find ways to mitigate and lessen the damage Brexit has caused, particularly to my shellfish exporters, my food and wine importers, our musicians, and all those sectors that are struggling to find staff.
South Devon is a constituency of many parts, and it is right at the top of the list of the most challenging constituencies in which to deliver Lib Dem leaflets—[Interruption.]
Well, maybe my hon.
Friend  the Member for Caithness, Sutherland and Easter Ross (Jamie Stone)  beats me on that.
I want to finish by expressing my heartfelt thanks to an incredible group of volunteers who supported my campaign, many of whom were not Liberal Democrats, and who were lending their vote and their time and their shoe leather because they wanted to be represented by a different kind of voice.
I would also like to thank my dad, with us today, who never tired of campaigning to help me get here—and I would just like to say that I am really sorry I didn’t campaign harder for you in 1983, when you came quite close to sitting on these Benches.
I could not have done it without them all, and it is the honour of my life to represent them and all the residents of South Devon.
I will work hard every day for them, for our environment, for our planet, and for a different kind of politics.
Thank you, Madam Deputy Speaker.
It is a pleasure to follow  the hon.
Member for Glasgow West (Patricia Ferguson) .
I congratulate her on a moving maiden speech, and I hope to add another place on her bucket list.