In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
Today, the Prime Minister’s Government will say that disabled people have a duty to work from home or lose their benefits, as if a suitable job of this kind is something that can be conjured up at will.
It should be obvious to anyone that this kind of punitive policy is not incentivising work; it is simply punishing disabled people who are already among the most marginalised in our communities.
So can the Prime Minister do his duty and tell us now how many of the 137,000 jobs on the Department for Work and Pensions “Find a Job” website are roles that specify that you can work from home?
It would not be right to pre-empt the Chancellor’s autumn statement, but let me just say this: I am proud of the Government’s record in supporting those with disabilities.
Not only have we closed the disability employment gap and increased the number of employers who are now disability confident, we are also making sure that we support those who are most vulnerable in our society, not least with the cost of living payments this year, which include £150 for all those on means-tested disability benefits.
Does the Prime Minister agree that the measures taken to get us through the economic shocks caused by covid and Putin’s war were right for that time, but they are not the blueprint for the long-term successful economies of the future?
It is innovation and skills, and investment in them, such as the imminent rebuild of Harrogate College or the 12,000 local apprenticeships we have seen since 2010.
Those are our foundation, and not the fantasy fairytale tens of billions of borrowing from the Labour party.
My hon.
Friend is right.
I am proud that since 2010 we have created 5.5 million apprenticeships.
That is the difference between us.
We now know that the Labour party wants to halve the number of apprenticeships if it is in office.
Meanwhile, we want to make an apprentice Education Secretary.
My hon.
Friend is right.
Labour’s plans to borrow  £28 billion a year would just push up inflation, interest rates and taxes, undermining all the progress we have made on the economy.
It is only the Conservatives who will give people the opportunity to build wealthier, more secure lives for them and their families.
I call the Leader of the Opposition.
Like the Prime Minister, I know the whole House will welcome the agreement reached overnight.
We repeat our calls for Hamas to release all hostages immediately.
This humanitarian pause must be used to get the hostages out safely, to tackle the urgent and unacceptable humanitarian catastrophe in Gaza, and to make progress to a full cessation of hostilities.
In recent years, the international community has treated the two-state solution as a slogan, rather than a serious strategy.
That must now change.
Like the Prime Minister, I am also sure that I speak for everyone in the House in saying that our hearts go out to the families and friends of the four young men from Shrewsbury who tragically lost their lives this week.
It is a living nightmare for any parent, and I can hardly begin to imagine their loss.
This week, the Prime Minister unveiled the latest version of his five pledges for the country.
Let us hope that he has more success with these than he did with the last ones.
Did he forget the NHS?
Just weeks after I became Prime Minister, we injected record funding into the NHS and social care.
We also unveiled the first ever long-term workforce plan in the 75-year history of the NHS.
However, I am pleased that the right hon.