I am deeply concerned about the rise of antisemitism in our country, so I am announcing up to £7 million over the next three years for organisations such as the Holocaust Educational Trust to tackle antisemitism in schools and universities.
I will also repeat the £3 million uplift to the Community Security Trust.
When it comes to antisemitism and all forms of racism, we must never allow the clock to be turned back.
I now move on to the OBR’s economic and fiscal forecasts, and I thank Richard Hughes and his team for their sterling work in preparing them.
Three of my right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister’s five pledges at the start of the year were economic: to halve inflation, grow the economy and reduce debt.
Today I can report to the House that we are delivering on all three.
Let’s start with inflation.
The shadow Chancellor did not mention it in her conference speech.
My conference speech was before hers, so all she had to do was a bit of copying and pasting, which I have heard she is good at.
But it speaks volumes that during the worst global inflation shock for a generation, it did not even get a mention.
Well, if controlling inflation isn’t a priority for Labour, it is for us.
When the Prime Minister and I took office, inflation was at 11.1%; last week, it fell to 4.6%.
We promised to halve inflation and we have halved it.
Core inflation is now lower than in nearly half of the economies in the EU, and the OBR says that headline inflation will fall to 2.8% by the end of 2024, before falling to the 2% target in 2025.
I will not take risks with inflation, and the OBR confirms that the measures I take today make inflation lower next year than it would otherwise have been.
I thank the independent Bank of England Monetary Policy Committee for its crucial role in bringing inflation down, and we will continue to back it to do whatever it takes until the job is done.
But as we do, we will continue to support families in difficulty, and today I add four further measures to help with the cost of living.
First, for those on the lowest incomes, I understand the concerns some have about the effect on work incentives of matching benefit increases to inflation, and I know there has been some speculation that we would increase benefits next year by the lower October figure for inflation.
But cost of living pressures remain at their most acute for the poorest families, so instead the Government have decided to increase universal credit and other benefits from next April by 6.7%, in line with September’s inflation figure, an average increase of £470 for 5.5 million households next year—vital support to those on the very lowest incomes from a compassionate Conservative Government.
Secondly, because rent can constitute more than half the living costs of private renters on the lowest incomes, I have listened closely to many colleagues as well as the  Institute for Fiscal Studies, the Resolution Foundation, Citizens Advice UK and the Joseph Rowntree Foundation, who said that unfreezing the local housing allowance was an “urgent priority”.
I will therefore increase the local housing allowance rate to the 30th percentile of local market rents.
This will give 1.6 million households an average of £800 of support next year.
Thirdly, although I am going to increase duty on hand-rolling tobacco by an additional 10% above the tobacco duty escalator, I know that for many people going to the pub has become more expensive.
I have listened closely to the persuasive arguments on alcohol duties from my hon.
Friend  the Member for Moray (Douglas Ross)  and my right hon.
Friend  the Member for Dumfriesshire, Clydesdale and Tweeddale (David Mundell) , fierce champions of the Scotch whisky industry.