It is a very straightforward idea to make sure that patients can choose where they are treated, and in that way we will bring down waiting lists for mental health and other treatments far faster.
The Labour party’s policy on this is a total and utter mess.
First the right hon.
and learned Gentleman promised, in his words, to ban NHS use of the independent sector; then he said that he wanted more use of the independent sector, and his shadow Health Secretary agreed with that.
But then the deputy Leader of the Opposition said that she would end it.
As ever, you simply do not know what they stand for, and you cannot trust a word they say.
As ever, no responsibility for the shocking state of the NHS.
The truth is that the Prime Minister would not accept those waits for his family, and neither should anyone else.
This morning I spoke to an NHS nurse.
For many months, Cam struggled to find time to see her 14-year-old son Mikey until he became seriously unwell, and now he has not been able to be in mainstream education for over a year.
Mikey’s mum is having to balance nursing with caring and being a parent.
This is not a one-off.
There are families up and down the country in exactly the same situation: working hard and trying to get through the cost of living crisis while desperately worried about relatives who cannot get the treatment they need.
How does the Prime Minister think they feel when they see him refusing to take responsibility and boasting that everything is fine?
We are doing absolutely everything we can to put money into the NHS to bring down the waiting lists, because I want families up and down the country to have access to the healthcare that they need.
The right hon.
and learned Gentleman is absolutely right: they do deserve it, but it is incredibly galling to hear this from someone who, when there are strikes happening in our hospitals and people are being denied access to emergency medical care, not only does not have the strength to condemn it, but refuses to back legislation that would guarantee that access to all the families that he talks about.
This is on the Prime Minister’s watch; it is his responsibility.
Thirteen years in, and all he has to offer is trying to blame the Opposition for his failures over and over again.
Mikey’s mum—[Interruption.]
I will tell you what Mikey’s mum said to me this morning, shall I, if you so are interested to hear?
She said that
“whatever spin the Government puts on it, you can’t hide the reality for ordinary working people.”
Those are her words.
Worth reflecting on.
I am glad that in recent years real progress has been made in tackling the stigma surrounding mental health, but the fact remains that the suicide rate for 15 to 19-year-olds has doubled since 2010 and suicide is now the biggest killer of men under 45.
These are not just statistics; every single one is a tragic loss to families and to friends.
Politics has the ability to turn this around, but it means tough choices.
If we were to scrap tax loopholes, we could have thousands more staff, more support in our schools, more support in our communities.
That would allow us to treat patients on time, getting them back to work, back to their families and, crucially, giving them their lives back.
This is about mental health.
That is Labour’s plan.
Will the Prime Minister back it?
It was this Government that for the first time in the NHS’s history ensured that it had a long-term workforce plan, providing it with record funding so that we could eliminate long waits but also ensuring that it has the money that it needs to train record numbers of doctors and nurses while radically reforming how they work to improve productivity.