My ministerial colleagues and I have the pleasure of regularly engaging with Queen’s University Belfast  and Ulster University, and we are proud to promote these institutions in the rest of the UK and internationally.
I have glanced at the rankings to which the hon.
Gentleman refers, and I am looking forward to hearing his further question.
Is the Minister aware that when I was speaking on the deck of the Titanic centre only two weeks ago, I was thinking about him and the Conservative Government?
Is he also aware that I was speaking to universities and local businesses that are deeply worried about the inability of universities and businesses to get answers from the Government to enable them to meet the targets of the very important impact assessment from the United Nations?
As keen as I am to keep abreast of the hon.
Gentleman’s thoughts, I was not aware of his particular insights on that occasion.
Of course, we continue to work with the universities and the Northern Ireland civil service, and I am keen to work with him on the success of those universities.
What we need above all, of course, is for an Executive to return so that we can work through some of the issues before us.
Staff and students at Queen’s University Belfast are doing some incredibly impressive work on cyber-security.
What can Ministers do to ensure that that expertise is deployed to make us a more cyber-resilient nation?
I am most grateful to my right hon.
Friend.
I had the pleasure of visiting the national Centre for Secure Information Technologies, and I had a particularly interesting time testing some of its systems—I do not think I should comment any further on that particular experience.
We are always keen to promote its work, and I am grateful to her for giving me the opportunity to say on the record that it does a fantastic job.
Together with the National Cyber Security Centre, I am sure it will continue to promote cyber-security in the UK and, indeed, abroad.
What discussions he has had with the Administration in Northern Ireland on the potential impact of budgetary constraints on the delivery of public services in Northern Ireland.
What discussions he has had with the Administration in Northern Ireland on the potential impact of budgetary constraints on the delivery of public services in Northern Ireland.
What discussions he has had with the Administration in Northern Ireland on the potential impact of budgetary constraints on the delivery of public services in Northern Ireland.
Northern Ireland’s finances are unsustainable, I am sorry to say, and the Departments are facing difficult decisions to live within their budgets.
That is why my right hon.
Friend the Secretary of State has directed the Departments, using powers under the Northern  Ireland (Interim Arrangements) Act 2023, to launch public consultations on measures to support budget sustainability and raise more revenue.
I thank the Minister for that answer.
The Prime Minister announced on Monday that one of his five new key priorities is to improve education across these islands, yet at the same time his Government are starving Northern Ireland’s Department of Education of £300 million.
We all know that the Government love fantasy economics, but surely the idea that cutting £300 million from education will improve it is a flight of fantasy too far even for this Government.
My right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister was right when he said that education is the closest thing we have in public policy to a silver bullet, but I say to the hon.
Gentleman that the Northern Ireland Fiscal Council has acknowledged that Northern Ireland is currently receiving the funding it needs through a combination of the Northern Ireland block grant, locally generated revenue and additional UK Government funding packages.
Those additional packages amount to some £7 billion in additional funding since 2014.