Yes, it is true.
Not only that, but hundreds of thousands fewer children are living in poverty, and income inequality is at a lower level than we inherited from the Labour party.
We do not want any child to grow up in poverty, and the best way to achieve that is to ensure that they do not grow up in a workless household.
That is why the right strategy is to ensure that we provide as many children as possible with the opportunity to grow up with parents in work, and because of the actions of previous Governments several hundred thousand more families are in that—
Got it.
I call Darren Henry.
I have a question about apprenticeships.
It is vital that individuals of any age can train and retrain for good local jobs, further education and skills opportunities that are available.
Will the Prime Minister work with me in my campaign to establish an apprenticeship hub in Broxtowe?
I thank my hon.
Friend for all his campaigning on this important issue.
In his constituency, we have delivered over 9,000 apprenticeships in great local businesses, including some in the hair and beauty sector that I visited as Chancellor.
While we continue to invest in apprenticeships, the Opposition want to halve the number offered.
That is the difference between us: we want to give people a hand up, but all Labour wants to do is to keep them in their place.
With 316 arrivals by small boat this week, last week’s Supreme Court ruling on Rwanda has left this Government’s lack of a compassionate and functioning asylum system totally exposed, with refugees suffering as a result and chaos at our borders.
Does the Prime Minister now intend to disapply human rights laws in order to continue wasting time and money on this cruel and discredited gimmick—yes or no?
I am glad the hon.
Gentleman mentioned the small boats arrivals because I am pleased to tell him that, thanks to the actions of this Government, the number of arrivals is down by over 33% so far this year.
That is no thanks to the Labour party, which has opposed each and every measure we have taken to stop the boats.
While the Labour leadership at Kirklees Council is looking to close Colne Valley leisure centre, hiking up car parking charges and being criticised by auditors for the way it has managed resources, there has been lots of good news for my bit of Yorkshire this week, including £64 million of levelling-up cash for Huddersfield market and the Penistone rail line upgrade, and the announcement of the West Yorkshire investment zone, focusing on the national health innovation campus at the University of Huddersfield.
Will the Prime Minister continue to invest in West Yorkshire and come and see some of these fantastic projects?
What great news.
I was delighted to hear that the third investment zone was announced in West Yorkshire, and about the regeneration money for the Penistone rail line upgrade and Huddersfield open market.
My hon.
Friend is right that while Labour-run Kirklees Council is not investing, and is closing things, this Conservative Government are backing communities across the north.
On Monday, the Government’s chief scientific adviser, Sir Patrick Vallance, told the covid inquiry that the now Prime Minister had not asked for advice regarding eat out to help out.
However, on  9 March  two years ago, he told the House,
“At all steps in this crisis, we have indeed taken the advice of our scientific advisers.
”—[Official Report,  9 March 2021 ; Vol.
690, c. 642.]
Who is right?
As the hon.
Gentleman knows, there is an ongoing statutory inquiry into covid.
It is absolutely right that that process is followed.
I look forward to providing my own evidence in the coming weeks and addressing all these questions.
It was the case that the Government took advice from scientific advisers and that is exactly what the inquiry will go over.