He raises an important point, and I know that he understands that it is a matter for the Executive.
I hope that one day, he and I will be able to celebrate some progress on these issues.
What steps his Department plans to take to help restore power sharing in Northern Ireland.
What recent discussions he has had with political parties in Northern Ireland on the restoration of the Northern Ireland Executive.
I will answer those questions from my beautifully tabulated pack.
Our focus remains on delivering for the people of Northern Ireland, who expect and deserve locally elected decision makers to address the issues that matter to them.
I will continue to engage regularly with the party leaders, and believe there is genuine willingness on all sides to re-establish the conditions for the devolved institutions to go back to work and to thrive.
We have heard in this House today how disappointed Northern Ireland is at no successful levelling-up bids.
I visited Coleraine football club, which was disappointed to be unsuccessful in round 2.
Is the Secretary of State confident that the restoration of power sharing is close?
Northern Ireland simply cannot afford to lose out on even more money.
I am glad that the hon.
Lady went to Coleraine football club; I went there and had a wonderful experience with a great football team.
I would have loved to referee, but I was not allowed.
I believe that we are moving closer to a decision.
Discussions are still to be had, and they are continuing at pace and at length.
We have already heard today an example of how the people of Northern Ireland are disadvantaged by the lack of a functioning Executive.
I would add to that list the deployment of the apprenticeship levy and the reform of the renewable heat incentive.
Does the Secretary of State agree with me that civil servants in Northern Ireland face an almost impossible job in trying to steer the ship of state without co-ordinates set by the politicians elected there? [
Interruption.]
I thank my right hon.
Friend for his question and his obvious popularity in the House.
I agree with him.
He is completely correct that there are a whole host of issues that require elected Ministers in Northern Ireland to take their place.
I would like to place on record my thanks to the Northern Ireland civil service for the work they have been doing in such circumstances with the limited guidance we have given them, because they have been doing a sterling job on behalf of the people of Northern Ireland.
The Prime Minister was asked—
If he will list his official engagements for Wednesday 22 November.
I know the thoughts of the whole House will be with the families and friends of the four teenagers who died in a car accident in north Wales.
I am sure we will touch on it later, but let me just say that we welcome the agreement reached overnight for a humanitarian pause in Gaza.
This is something that we have pushed for consistently and is a crucial step towards ending the nightmare for the families of those taken hostage in Hamas’s terror attack and addressing the humanitarian crisis in Gaza.
This morning I had meetings with ministerial colleagues and others.
In addition to my duties in this House, I shall have further such meetings later today.
Today, the Prime Minister’s Government will say that disabled people have a duty to work from home or lose their benefits, as if a suitable job of this kind is something that can be conjured up at will.
It should be obvious to anyone that this kind of punitive policy is not incentivising work; it is simply punishing disabled people who are already among the most marginalised in our communities.