I will also provide His Majesty’s Revenue and Customs with the resources it needs to ensure that everyone pays the tax they owe, raising an additional £5 billion across the forecast period.
My right hon.
Friend the Prime Minister also promised to grow the economy.
Since 2010, despite inheriting what was then the worst recession since the second world war, Conservative Administrations have presided over faster growth than many of our major competitors, including Spain, Italy, France—[Interruption.]
Well, the Opposition do not like to hear this, but let me tell them the list: Spain, Portugal, France, Italy, Netherlands, Austria, Germany and Japan.
We have grown faster than all of them since 2010.
However, all those countries have faced a pandemic and an energy shock.
As a result, last autumn the OBR forecast a recession in which the economy would shrink by 1.4% this year.
Instead, it grew—in fact, it has grown faster than the euro area.
Revised numbers from the Office for National Statistics now say that the economy is 1.8% larger than it was pre-pandemic.
Looking ahead, the OBR expects the economy to grow by 0.6% this year and 0.7% next year.
After that, growth rises to 1.4% in 2025, then 1.9%, 2%, and 1.7% in 2028.
If we want those numbers to be higher, we need higher productivity.
The private sector is more productive in countries such as the United States, Germany and France because it invests more—on average 2 percentage points more of GDP every year.
The 110 measures that I take today help to close that gap by boosting business investment by £20 billion a year.
They do not involve borrowing more and ramping up debt, as some advocate.
Instead, they unlock investment, with supply-side reforms that back British business in the following areas.
First: skills.
No economy can prosper without investing in the potential of its people.
Despite strong opposition, we took the difficult decisions to reform our schools.
England’s nine to 10-year-olds are now the fourth best readers in the world, and since 2015, our 15 to 16-year-olds have risen seven places in the OECD rankings for maths— not least thanks to the efforts of my brilliant right hon.
Friend  the Member for Bognor Regis and Littlehampton (Nick Gibb) .
However, 9 million adults in England still have low basic literacy or numeracy skills, so last month the Prime Minister set out the new advanced British standard to ensure that all school leavers reach minimum standards in maths and English.
While the Labour party wants to reduce the number of apprentices, we want to increase it.
Following engagement with Make UK and others, I am announcing a further £50 million of funding over the next two years to pilot ways to increase the number of apprentices in engineering and other key growth sectors where there are shortages. [
Hon.
Members: “Is that it?”]
There are 110 of these measures, so be patient, folks.
I will move on to planning.
It takes too long to approve infrastructure projects and business planning applications.
Many businesses say that they would be  willing to pay more if they knew their application would be approved faster.
Therefore, from next year, working with the Secretary of State for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities, I will reform the system to allow local authorities to recover the full costs of major business planning applications in return for being required to meet guaranteed faster timelines.
If they fail, fees will be refunded automatically, with the application being processed free of charge—a prompt service or your money back, just as would be the case in the private sector.
Many planning applications are for house building.
The Leader of the Opposition told us that he wanted to be a builder, not a blocker.
That did not last long: just  a few months later, Labour blocked reforms to the  rules on nutrient neutrality, shamelessly preventing 100,000 houses from being built.