I also put on record my thanks to Qatar for its important role.
We will continue to work with the United States and Israel to ensure the safe return of hostages and maximise the opportunity of this temporary pause to step up aid to suffering civilians in Gaza.
It is something that we have pushed for, that we have continued to do and that the UK is playing a leading role in delivering.
Ultimately, what we need is not a pause in the killing of children, but an end to the killing of children, and I can think of no better time than now for the Prime Minister to advocate a permanent ceasefire.
Given that he will not currently do that, will he instead lay the foundations for a two-state solution by finally recognising the state of Palestine?
Actually, the agreement that has been reached demonstrates that it was not right to have a unilateral ceasefire.
What was right was to do as we have done and consistently push for a pause that would allow not just for aid to reach the people in Gaza who desperately need it but for hostages to be released.
That is what we have pushed for, and I am glad that that is now being delivered, versus a unilateral ceasefire that would have emboldened and strengthened Hamas.
Our position on the middle east peace process more broadly is clear: we support a negotiated settlement leading to a safe and secure Israel living alongside a viable and sovereign Palestinian state.
I have spoken to President Abbas and met him to discuss this issue, and we are clear about strengthening the Palestinian Authority and reinvigorating efforts to find a two-state solution.
Our long-standing position is that we would recognise the state of Palestine when it best serves the interests of peace.
I welcome the Prime Minister’s Network North project, which will see the full £1.7 billion put into the midlands rail hub.
That will reopen the central platforms at Kings Norton station, which have been derelict for so long.
Will he bring forward the cash so that we can increase capacity on the line and improve journey times?
Will he also look at my campaign to extend the new Camp Hill line to Longbridge?
That would open up access to the new Longbridge business park, which he visited earlier in the year and will bring back manufacturing jobs to Longbridge for the first time since MG collapsed in 2005.
I am pleased that my hon.
Friend’s constituency will benefit from the decision on High Speed 2 and benefit significantly from new Network North funding—an additional billion pounds to deliver the midlands rail hub in full.
Decisions about Kings Norton are due to be made later this year, which should be good news to him.
The extension of the forthcoming Camp Hill line services between Birmingham and Kings Norton and Longbridge will be assessed in due course, too.
I hope that is helpful and I will ensure that the Rail Minister keeps him updated on progress.
I am sure the Prime Minister will join me and the communities I represent in sending heartfelt sympathies to the families and friends grieving at the loss of four young men in a tragic accident in Garreg Llanfrothen this week.
People in north Wales pay the highest standing charges on energy bills, at £340 a year—a third more than in London—despite having lower average incomes and living in older, poorly insulated houses.
With a further increase in standing charges due next April, the Prime Minister must recognise that he cannot leave this to Ofgem.
Will his Government tackle unfair standing charges before winter sets in?
We have provided an extraordinary package of support for households across the country to help with energy bills, totalling almost £100 billion over the past year or two.