Will the Prime Minister join me in paying tribute to the parents of these children and take this opportunity to reiterate our steadfast support for the people of Ukraine in their fight for their independence, their freedom and their nation’s survival?
I do join my hon.
Friend in paying tribute to the parents of these children and many others.
I also wish to take the opportunity to say that, while events in the middle east have been dominating the headlines, I can assure my hon.
Friend that we and our allies are steadfast in our resolve to support Ukraine for as long as it takes for it to achieve victory.
That is why the Foreign Secretary visited both Kyiv and Odesa last week to confirm the UK’s continued unwavering support for Ukraine.
Putin cannot hope to outlast the incredible resolve or spirit of the Ukrainian people, and they should continue to have our support for as long as it takes.
A few weeks ago, the world cringed at the Prime Minister’s fawning welcome for Elon Musk.
This week, advertisers are fleeing Musk’s platform after his latest vile outburst.
What exactly did the Prime Minister think he might learn from an unelected, super-rich individual who had taken over a once successful organisation and plunged it into a death spiral?
It is striking that the hon.
Member for Cambridge—of all places!—absolutely does not understand the importance of technology sectors and companies to the growth of our economy.
It is absolutely extraordinary.
It actually illustrates everything that is wrong with Labour’s approach to our economy.
What the rest of the world saw was the UK playing a lead in defining the regulations and approach to a technology that will transform how we live.
It was a great example of the UK leading the way and an enormous tribute to our incredible entrepreneurs and businesses, many of which are being poorly represented by him in his constituency.
Today is Red Wednesday when we remember millions of Christians and others worldwide who are persecuted for their faith—people such as Margaret Attah, a nurse and a lovely young mother of four, who is here today from Nigeria.
She hid behind the altar as her church service was attacked.
One hundred were injured and 41 killed that day simply for being in church.
Margaret lost both legs and an eye.
Thousands more suffer similarly in Nigeria each year.
Does the Prime Minister agree that the best way that we can honour Red Wednesday today is to commit to quickly implementing the good words of the new International Development White Paper, which was published yesterday, to ensure that UK development policies going forward are inclusive of those marginalised for their religion or beliefs?
I thank my hon.
Friend for her continuing dedication as my special envoy on this vital issue.
Red Wednesday is an important moment to demonstrate our solidarity with Christians and all those persecuted around the world for their religion or belief.
Marking this event annually was just one of the recommendations in the Bishop of Truro’s report.
I am pleased that today we will light up Foreign, Commonwealth  and Development Office buildings in the UK in red in support.
I am also pleased to say that we have taken forward all 22 recommendations in a way that we believe is making a real change for those persecuted for their religion or belief.
That completes Prime Minister’s questions.
Before I call the Chancellor, it may help the House if I set out how proceedings on the autumn statement will unfold.
Once the Chancellor has delivered his statement, copies of the resolutions relating to the statement will be made available in the Vote Office and online.
I will then call the shadow Chancellor and other hon.
Members to ask questions.
This will follow the usual pattern for a ministerial statement.